;;-0.8591;;while the congress chief launched an offensive against prime minister modi over farm loan waivers questioning his inaction for four-and-a-half years and threatening that the opposition would not let him sleep at night unless he provided a loan amnesty, the aggression was marred by the controversy triggered by naths comments.
;;0.0;;kamal nath said his contest is against the incumbent chief minister unless prime minister modi turns it into one against him.
;;0.0;;hundreds of nris in toronto have formed a group  nri4namo canada  to root for prime minister modi .
;;0.8313;;they have also planned a similar event and car rallies in ontario in the coming weeks to gather support for modi we were quite impressed by pravasi bhartiya divas celebrations, national mission for clean ganga and other projects implemented by the pm.
;;0.4019;;prime minster modi will be connecting with party workers and those who have been benefited from governments scheme through video conferencing on february 28.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi and his nepal counterpart k p sharma oli on tuesday jointly inaugurated the motihari-amlekhganj petroleum product pipeline via a video link.
;;0.0;;yadav used to head a 'cyber cell' which used to campaign intensively for modi.
;;-0.5106;;he was hand-picked by modi after he wrote a paper justifying post-godhra riots as a hindu backlash.
;;0.0;;modi even lobbied for a second term for soni at msu.
;;0.5106;;he is considered to be very close to modi and anandiben patel, besides having strong ties with sangh parivar.
;;-0.6124;;tuticorin: information and publicity minister kadambur c raju has claimed that the protest by aiadmk mps in the parliament over the cauvery issue has forced prime minister modi to observe a day-long fast on thursday.
;;0.0;;after sarai kale khan-up gate stretch of dme, which was inaugurated by prime minister modi last year, its second stretch that has been opened.
;;0.4019;;the minister was in meetings with prime minister modi as late as last evening, the latter tweeted, calling him a devoted public servant.
;;-0.5574;;dave is the second union minister of the modi government to have died in office.
;;0.5719;;stating that he would convince bjp leaders to participate in the all-party meet, siddaramaiah said, i wish prime minister modi intervenes in the issue.
;;0.0;;chief minister of karnataka h d kumaraswamy met prime minister modi in new delhi on wednesday and con.
;;-0.3818;;read morenew delhi: karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy called on prime minister modi and sought central assistance to the state reeling under severe drought due to 45 per cent shortfall in the rainfall.
;;0.8442;;kumaraswamy also requested modi to ensure the pending funds under mnrega scheme are released at the earliest besides sharing the state government's success in implementing the farm loan waiver, an official statement said.
;;0.0;;in the meeting, the karnataka chief minister informed modi that the state was facing drought this year too because of 45 per cent shortfall in rainfall.
;;0.1779;;prime minister modi addresses the indian community at unesco: aniparis: prime minister modi on friday invoked the spirit of the football game to underline the close bond between india and france .
;;0.34;;during his address to the indian community at the unesco headquarters here, modi used several football terminologies to highlight the ties in various spheres between the two nations.
;;0.0;;while the first leg of the expressway  palwal to manesar  was opened to traffic in april 2016, the 83km-long stretch from kundli to manesar was inaugurated by prime minister modi on november 19.
;;0.4939;;an inter-governmental agreement between india and russia was signed for the project during prime minister modi modi's visit to moscow in december 2015.
;;0.7184;;pmo india (@pmoindia) 1495763737000new delhi: prime minister modi has congratulated outgoing prime minister of nepal pushpa kamal dahal \'prachanda\' for the successful conduct of local elections there.
;;0.0;;modi conveyed his felicitations to prachanda in a phone call last evening, the pmo said today in a tweet.
;;0.802;;modi also felicitated shri pushpa kamal dahal \'prachanda\' for his strong commitment to strengthen democracy in nepal, it added.
;;0.8126;;before the elections, prachanda had called up modi who had assured all possible help from india in conducting the polls successfully.
;;0.3818;;ahmedabad: union minister of state (mos) for finance and corporate affairs arjun ram meghwal on saturday attributed india's growth to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;this year prime minister modi had decided that india should participate in the next pisa and chose chandigarh.
;;0.296;;taking on prime minister modi , siddaramaiah said, the pm has failed to fulfill the promises he made four years ago.
;;0.0;;also, modi has to answer the people about his very expensive suit, and clarify whether it was purchased with taxpayers money.
;;0.4404;;kher, a kashmiri pandit, has been seen supporting prime minister modi and bjp government on several occasions.
;;0.5423;;prime minister modi conferred with order of zayed, uae's highest civilian award.
;;0.9136;;abu dhabi: prime minister modi was honoured with the 'order of zayed', the uae's highest civilian award, on saturday as a mark of appreciation for his efforts to boost bilateral ties between the two nations.
;;0.926;;the award has earlier been bestowed on several world leaders, including russian president vladimir putin, queen elizabeth ii and chinese president xi jinping the award in the name of sheikh zayed bin sultan al nahyan , the founding father of the uae, acquires special significance as it was awarded to prime minister modi in the year of the birth centenary of sheikh zayed, ministry of external affairs (mea) said in a statement ahead of his visit.
;;0.5423;;the uae in april had announced to confer the country's highest award on modi.
;;0.8591;;in a tweet in april, the crown prince of abu dhabi , mohamed bin zayed al nahyan, said, we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister modi , who gave these relations a big boost.
;;-0.6249;;the bjp workers who joined the protest at keezhattur should put pressure on modi government to approve the proposal for elevated highway, kodiyeri demanded in an article in the cpm mouthpiece deshabhimani on saturday.
;;0.4588;;now 100 per cent of the money released by the centre under welfare schemes reaches the beneficiaries, he saidhe also sought to disprove the perception that power was centralized in the hands of pm modi and amit shah .
;;-0.4215;;dharwad: the farmers of malaprabha command area who have been agitating for several years for the diversion of mahadayi river water to the malaprabha river are set to have a meeting with prime minister modi and union water resources minister nitin gadkari in new delhi on june 13 or 14.
;;0.0;;they said we may get an appointment with prime minister modi on either june 13 or 14 for about 30 minutes.
;;0.4939;;he clarified that prime minister modi , as the head of the central government, can always mediate and if all the parties concerned arrive at an agreement, submit an affidavit to the tribunal that the dispute has been settled outside the tribunal.
;;0.2023;;it is to be seen whether prime minister modi agrees to mediate and an out of tribunal settlement will be possible.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had told a goa delegation on february 7 that he would look for a resolution to restart mining operations.
;;0.3612;;on january 20, modi spoke for the first time on goas mining issue via video conferencing and assured the people of taking steps to restarting the industry.
;;0.4588;;ayush minister shripad naik said that the mining issue will be resolved after february 15 and that modi had already instructed the ministers in his cabinet to come up with a solution to goas mining issue.
;;0.4767;;she said, prime minister modi had on august 15, 2014 declared an ambitious plan to make india odf by 2019.
;;0.6597;;in a media interaction, he said the party was fast gaining lost political ground across the country, as people have started seeing through the maze of fake promises made by prime minister modi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
;;0.0;;this year, a similar paper is being put together, which is expected to nail the modi government on all economic parameters.
;;0.128;;it includes views expressed by personalities prime minister modi , singer lata mangeshkar, former defense minister manohar parrikar , state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, actor nana patekar and many others.
;;0.5106;;this story is from november 19, 2018supporters cheer for modi during the public rally on sundaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.2023;;indore: prime minister modi on sunday took a dig at congress general secretary digvijaya singh and alleged that he was not campaigning for the party because people would remember the bad state of affairs in madhya pradesh during his tenure as chief minister.
;;0.0;;modi also laid down achievements of bjp including converting indore as a financial capital of the state, ushering industrial revolution in indore and making it a transportation hub.
;;0.128;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday launched a campaign to eradicate tuberculosis (tb) from india by 2025, five years ahead of a globally set deadline.
;;0.5859;;varanasi : prime minister modi will visit sant ravidas temple in the city on tuesday and gift a project worth rs 90.
;;0.2263;;pm modi will take part in ravidas jayanti celebrations and inaugurate 39 projects besides laying the foundation of eight projects worth rs 3,382.
;;-0.0258;;as per the final itinerary received by district administration, pm modi will reach lbs international airport at around 9am and will leave for dlw to flag-off a loco converted from diesel to electric engine.
;;0.0;;pm modi had attended the birth anniversary celebrations of sant ravidas in 2016 also.
;;0.0;;it will also discuss the issue with prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4588;;bhubaneswar: the opposition congress and bjd termed the union budget populist and said it shows prime minister modi modi's desperation to return to power.
;;-0.4019;;the modi government had been neglecting the middle class for four years and now it is trying to befool them.
;;0.5106;;modi had run a campaign to free india from congress.
;;-0.3818;;he further added that modi declared financial emergency in the name of demonetization.
;;0.5719;;jaipur: prime minister modi is likely to visit rajasthan on january 14 to lay the foundation stone for rs 43,129-crore barmer refinery, and later in the month he would visit jhunjhunu , which has won recognition under the beti bachao, beti padhao programme.
;;0.0;;modi is also likely to visit jhunjhunu in rajasthan at the end of january or in the first week of february.
;;0.4767;;modi had flagged off the ambitious beti bachao, beti padhao programme on january 22, 2015, from panipat in haryana.
;;0.34;;meanwhile, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje scindia called a high-level meeting on thursday to review the preparations and security arrangements during the visit of pm modi in barmer.
;;-0.5994;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1513305320000new delhi: prime minister modi paid tributes to the country's first home minister sardar vallabhbhai patel on his death anniversary on friday, saying every indian is indebted to him for his monumental service to the nation.
;;0.0;;every indian is indebted to sardar patel for his monumental service to our nation, modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;mathura: prime minister modi on wednesday escalated the debate over cow protection by suggesting that those arrayed against the cause had been reflexively opposing indian culture as retrograde.
;;0.6249;;to buttress his point, modi cited the example of rwanda in africa, where a strong network has been established to earn livelihood through cows.
;;0.0;;he also a released a booklet on the occasion, titled 'ghotala hi ghotala', describing the alleged corruption in gujarat by chief minister modi and his cabinet.
;;0.0;;bjp has brought out its big guns, with prime minister modi launching the party's campaign in the state last month and the party's national president amit shah building on that momentum by addressing an election rally in garo hills, home to chief minister mukul sangma , on saturday.
;;0.5023;;co/77ycayrajs  niti aayog (@nitiaayog) 1560596782000new delhi: the goal of making india a $5 trillion economy by 2024 is challenging, but achievable with the concerted efforts of states, prime minister modi said at the fifth meeting of niti aayog 's governing council in the national capital on saturday.
;;0.0;;modi, according to an official release, stressed that niti aayog has a key role to play in fulfilling the mantra of sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabka vishwas.
;;0.4767;;amid several parts of the country facing drought-like situation, pm modi called for effective steps to tackle it by adopting 'per-drop, more-crop' strategy.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi digitally announced the launch of the hubs at sher-e-kashmir international convention centre (skicc), srinagar , on sunday.
;;0.6369;;gujarat chief minister vijay rupani said in a tweet that prime minister modi discussed the flood situation in the state with him on telephone and assured central help.
;;0.34;;balangir (odisha): prime minister modi on tuesday launched a slew of projects worth over rs 1,550 crore for odisha.
;;0.0;;modi also inaugurated the doubling of 14.
;;0.4588;;modi flagged off a new train on balangir-bichhupali route which would benefit commuters of the region, besides connecting bichhupali to jharsuguda and vizianagaram main line through balangir.
;;0.0;;these apart, modi inaugurated renovation and restoration works at nilamadhav and siddheswar temple at gandhaharadi in boudh, paschim somnath group of temples, also in boudh, and ranipur jharial group of monuments in balangir.
;;0.0;;modi also laid the foundation stone for a permanent building of kendriya vidyalaya, sonepur, to be constructed at a cost of rs 15.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi, up cm yogi adityanath are the key campaigners.
;;0.4215;;the appointments committee of the cabinet headed by prime minister modi approved bhalla's appointment as the new home secretary .
;;0.0;;congressman josh harder in a letter asked pompeo to address new retaliatory tariffs on almonds with modi during his meeting in new delhi next week.
;;0.0;;his visit comes ahead of a meeting between us president donald trump and prime minister modi on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka, japan on june 28-29.
;;0.0;;during his visit, pompeo will meet prime minister modi and his new indian counterpart external affairs minister s jaishankar.
;;0.0;;we have decided to meet prime minister modi and railway minister very shorty, bjp spokesperson mir firasat ali baqri said.
;;-0.4404;;the government detailed the damages under each head, such as power, agriculture and horticulture crop and fishing and requested assistance as sought in the memorandum presented to pm modi , minister d jayakumar told toi.
;;0.5106;;in an emotional meeting with prime minister modi on july 5 in jerusalem, the young boy had expressed his wish to visit mumbai.
;;0.0;;modi had responded by saying, come and stay in india and mumbai.
;;0.4939;;moshe says that he was touched by the warm embrace he received from prime minister modi when he met him in jeursalem during his july visit to israel.
;;0.4019;;he is waiting to host prime minister netanyahu and his wife sara, and hopefully pm modi 'at his home in mumbai', the grandfather said.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi is said to have personally followed up on the matter as promised to moshe during their meeting.
;;0.4019;;speaking at the second ground breaking ceremony for industrial projects worth rs 65,000 crore here, shah said prime minister modi has set the target for the country to be among the top three economies in the world in the next five years.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi sees dreams with open eyes and such people do not sleep till they realise them, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and home minister amit shah were present in the house.
;;-0.7269;;new delhi: accusing bjp leaders of backing a string of fraudsters, congress said prime minister modi should sack his senior ministers and party colleagues who have regularly fought in courts for fugitives and financial offenders facing law.
;;0.6486;;aicc spokesman jaiveer shergill said, if bjp is linking congress with michel on the basis of a lawyer, they should answer on finance minister arun jaitley 's family members taking fees from mehul choksi-nirav modi , union minister ravi shankar prasad representing subrata roy and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje giving an affidavit in favour of fugitive modi in london.
;;0.0;;slamming pm modi for acting holier than thou in agusta case, shergill said upa opened the case in agusta deal and blacklisted the firm while recovering more money than was paid to the company.
;;-0.296;;in contrast, he said the modi government watched quietly while the italian courts twice ruled that there was no case of corruption in the deal.
;;-0.296;;shergill asked why has the modi government not filed an appeal in the higher courts in italy against the exoneration by lower courts of the country.
;;0.0;;chennai: prime minister modi is likely to inaugurate the chennai-madurai tejas express on march 1, southern railway officials told toi on tuesday.
;;-0.4215;;the event is likely to be flagged off by prime minister modi , but there is no confirmation as yet.
;;-0.4767;;he blamed prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah for creating confusion in karnataka.
;;0.0772;;rahul also made scathing remarks on prime minister modi , accusing him of misleading the people to glorify himself.
;;0.3612;;modi is under the impression that the country has made no progress before he became the pm.
;;0.2187;;accusing modi of making false promises, rahul told the gathering that he would not make any election promise that cannot be fulfilled.
;;-0.1531;;addressing another election rally in jodhpur, he said modi never speaks about the promises he had made to the people and just walks away with hateful and condemning speeches targeting the congress.
;;-0.296;;the congress leader accused modi of dividing the society.
;;0.6486;;singapore: prime minister modi today met us defence secretary jim mattis in singapore and discussed security related issues, days after the pentagon renamed its pacific command as indo-pacific command in a largely symbolic move to signal india's importance to the us military.
;;0.5267;;modi, who is here on the last leg of his three-nation tour, held a closed-door meeting with mattis during which both sides discussed all security related issues of mutual and global interests, sources said.
;;0.0258;;the seat is presently represented by city unit bjp president ranjan bhatt who had contested in a by-election after prime minister modi relinquished it and retained the varanasi seat in 2014.
;;-0.8167;;osaka: prime minister modi on friday said that terrorism is the biggest threat to humanity which not only kills innocents but also severely affects the economic development and social stability.
;;0.3182;;while modi will be addressing a gathering, another religious programme will be held at the thakurnagar fair ground.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday cited a special court's conclusion that cbi's inquiry into sohrabuddin case was a plot to falsely implicate political leaders, to rebut opposition's charge that his government was misusing investigating agencies against political opponents.
;;-0.2263;;see how institutions are misused, said modi in his first public response to the verdict which bjp has hailed as the validation of its charge of political conspiracy under upa to frame its president amit shah and others.
;;-0.3182;;accusations on us is that modi is not taking action against these people (important figures of the previous regime).
;;0.2023;;the company's top executives, including chairman r c bhargava and managing director shinzo nakanishi, met chief minister modi on tuesday to expedite setting up of its manufacturing foothold in the state.
;;0.9337;;a clear improvement in congress numbers will be hailed by the party as evidence that the partys luck, and rahuls leadership, is turning a corner, offering hope that the bjp juggernaut led by prime minister modi can be slowed if not halted.
;;0.0516;;his journeys of discovery in rural india, firmed up his belief in welfare policies preferred by centre-left governments and he took up causes like tribals opposing bauxite mining in niyamgiri and the anti-land acquisition stir at bhatta parsaul the dramatic victory of modi has cast a strong question mark over these policies as the bjp strongman directly blamed rahul and sonia gandhi for the corruption scandals that rocked upa 2.
;;-0.8035;;since the 2014 defeat, congress and rahul have attacked the modi government on various counts using opposition numbers in rajya sabha to block legislation like gst and accusing it of promoting majoritarianism and a culture of intolerance  without significant gains.
;;-0.6705;;rahuls strike at modi over the suit, boot ki sarkar went home as he mocked modis monogrammed suit in 2015, a year that saw bjp lose elections in delhi and bihar.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi (ap photo)houston: howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;, the community event to be addressed by prime minister modi here next month has been sold out with over 50,000 people registering for the programme, the organisers said.
;;0.9578;;prime minister modi is scheduled to visit the us next month to attend the united nations general assembly on september 27, prior to which he will travel to houston to meet the leading businesses, political and community leaders here in houston, the fourth largest city with a population of over 130,000 indian-americans the summit, with the tagline of 'shared dreams, bright futures' will highlight the contributions of indian-americans to enrich the american life as well as the key role it has played in strengthening relations between the two nations.
;;0.4588;;on behalf of the hundreds of thousands of indian-americans in texas, and as co-chair of the senate india caucus, i welcome prime minister modi to houston, said us senator john cornyn.
;;0.8016;;the cultural programme will provide a unique view on the indian-american experience, and promises to showcase the diversity of our community while being an engaging and entertaining performance, said jugal malani, chair of the howdy, modi!
;;0.6808;;new delhi: prime minister modi will visit the united states from september 21-27, during which he will meet president donald trump and address the annual united nations general assembly (unga) session, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will make a visit to the us from the late afternoon of 21 september until the forenoon of 27 september.
;;0.4215;;as the world commemorates mahatma gandhi's 150th birth anniversary, modi will also host a special event 'leadership matters: relevance of gandhi in the contemporary world' on september 24.
;;-0.4404;;the indian government has denied trump's astonishing claim that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate.
;;0.7003;;the simla agreement and the lahore declaration provide the basis to resolve all issues between india and pakistan bilaterally, india said on monday, refuting that prime minister modi ever asked for us mediation on kashmir.
;;0.0;;the churn in the political waters of the state has set some of the statements made by devegowda about prime minister modi , and union home minister amit shah in a different light.
;;0.4404;;at public events, i speak at length about the initiatives undertaken by cm hd kumaraswamy , and i also point to some of the good work done by pm modi.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: prime minister modi signed off on the last episode of his monthly radio programme ' mann ki baat ' before the lok sabha elections, expressing confidence that he would be back to renew the programme in may and looked forward to several years of conversations with the public.
;;0.1027;;balasore/bhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on wednesday reached out to members of women self-help groups (shg)s during his visit to baripada , in tribal-dominated mayurbhanj district addressing a gathering of more than 50,000 people at chhau ground, the venue from where prime minister modi had recently criticised the bjd government over womens safety, naveen spread the message of women empowerment through mission shakti.
;;0.802;;the annual meet, which was opened by prime minister modi on may 23, saw indian policy makers promising greater engagement of india into overall development of the african continent.
;;0.2023;;pm modi underscored that africa has been made a top priority for india's foreign and economic policy ever since he assumed office in 2014.
;;0.6369;;this is a step towards strengthening the dream of prime minister modi , who has pledged to eradicate tb by 2020-25.
;;0.4404;;in an interview to pti, the chief minister said prime minister modi 's charisma was fading with growing anti-incumbency, and pitched for congress president rahul gandhi for the top job while also admitting that there was a lack of consensus among anti-bjp parties on choosing gandhi.
;;-0.8779;;new delhi: a delhi court on friday deferred till october 18 the matter pertaining to a complaint filed against congress leader rahul gandhi for his alleged derogatory remarks against prime minister modi additional chief metropolitan magistrate samar vishal was hearing a complaint filed by advocate joginder tuli seeking direction to the police to register an fir against gandhi under the charges of sedition for accusing modi of hiding behind the blood of soldiers and doing 'dalali' on their (soldiers') sacrifice.
;;0.0;;vijayawada/visakhapatnam: bjp leaders on saturday lashed out at tdp mla nandamuri balakrishna over his remarks on prime minister modi , during chandrababu naidus fast in vijayawada on friday.
;;-0.743;;meanwhile, senior bjp leader and former union minister u v krishnam raju condemned the allegations levelled by chief minister naidu that south india has been neglected by the modi government.
;;-0.0516;;some top political leaders too got stuck in the traffic jam soon after prime minister modi flagged off the marathon.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi: prime minister modi has denied any dichotomy in bjp's stand favouring punishment for those practising triple talaq even after it has been outlawed, and opposing entry of women of a particular age into sabrimala shrine in disregard of an sc judgement.
;;-0.5859;;meerut: in a sharp attack at bhim army chief chandrashekhar azad who has announced to contest from varanasi against prime minister modi , bahujan samaj party chief mayawati has dubbed it a conspiracy by bjp to divide dalit votes.
;;0.0;;azad had announced earlier this month that he will contest the general elections from varanasi, prime minister modi modi's constituency.
;;-0.4404;;he accused modi of only favouring the rich and harassing small borrowers and poor.
;;0.3182;;new delhi: president ram nath kovind , prime minister modi , and lok sabha speaker om birla were among leaders who paid their last respects to former external affairs minister sushma swaraj on wednesday.
;;0.4118;;tirupur: prime minister modi on sunday launched a stinging attack on the congress, the dmk and other political rivals joining hands against the bjp, but spared mention of the aiadmk , keeping open the option of an alliance with tamil nadu's ruling party.
;;0.6249;;moments before addressing party workers at perumanallur near tirupur, which has a sizable north indian migrant population, modi had shared the dais with chief minister edappadi k palaniswami to lay the foundation for a few projects and inaugurate a few others across the state through videoconferencing.
;;0.3182;;taking a dig at political parties that are joining hands to oppose bjp, modi questioned if they had any agenda for people welfare.
;;-0.5106;;they say modi government is a failure.
;;-0.6124;;but they are forming a big alliance to defeat modi , he said.
;;-0.743;;facing criticism on the rafale deal, modi sought to turn the tables on his rivals, saying it was the congress which was associated with several scams in the defence sector while the bjp got rid of corruption.
;;0.1531;;modi singled out former finance minister p chidambaram for attack, without naming him, calling him 'mr recounting minister' - a reference to how chidambaram won by a narrow margin in 2009 after a recount of votes.
;;0.0;;modi also sought to invoke the name of the late congress stalwart k kamaraj.
;;0.6124;;prime minister modi , during his visit to the state earlier, had assured that the government would grant st status to six ethnic communities, including the adivasis, without affecting the rights of existing st communities who are opposing the governments move.
;;-0.4404;;over 1000 homebuyers whose apartments are delayed for delivery by several builders including jaypee, amrapali, unitech and others held a silent protest even as prime minister modi inaugurated the magenta metro line from the city on monday.
;;0.7184;;darul uloom's powerful decision-making body shoora removed vastanvi as the rector on july 24 this year after he reportedly praised gujarat chief minister modi for his development initiatives.
;;0.4019;;claiming that it was a a win-win situation for him, vastanvi said, shoora had already given me a clean chit in the 'modi and murti issue' now let them table the inquiry report and make public the name of those involved in engineering campus unrest in december, he said.
;;0.0;;the first thinking on a joint india-japan moon mission was made public in 2017, during a multi-space agencies' meeting in bengaluru and it was then also part of the intergovernmental discussions during prime minister modi 's visit to japan in 2018.
;;-0.296;;guwahati: the congress in assam on wednesday accused prime minister modi of diverting the attention of the people from the economic slowdown by bringing up issues such as article 370 , triple talaq and ram mandir.
;;-0.3818;;there are signs of severe slowdown in the indian economy under the modi government, state congress president ripun bora told a press conference here.
;;0.8176;;earlier today, swaraj had put out a tweet congratulating prime minister modi after the centre's move to revoke special status for jammu and kashmir and bifurcate the border state into two union territories secured parliament's approval.
;;0.0;;swaraj was appointed the foreign minister in the first term of modi government in 2014.
;;-0.4939;;demonstrators demanded that the indian government and prime minister modi break silence over the ongoing conflict in syria.
;;-0.7269;;pm modi should condemn the air strikes carried out,'' said, ilyas shamshi , a social reformist at the protest.
;;0.5106;;davos: prime minister modi made a strong pitch to investors on tuesday and said the government had rolled out the red carpet and was removing red tape.
;;0.5267;;modi did not name countries, but his 52-minute speech, sprinkled with quotations from scriptures, was a clear attempt to cast india as the big player which, unlike others, had consistently stood for a rule-based global order.
;;0.6124;;in contrast, modi cited recent data and surveys to suggest that india was open for business and added that his governments policies had received widespread endorsement from international agencies, apart from support from the people.
;;0.0;;in his address, interspersed with shlokas and quotes by mahatma gandhi and rabindranath tagore, modi repeatedly referred to the indian way of doing things  be it inclusiveness or environment protection.
;;-0.6369;;co/8ln1y9sehg  pib india (@pib_india) 1516000930000new delhi: prime minister modi on monday held delegation-level talks with his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu during which they discussed a range of key issues including defence, trade and terrorism.
;;0.0258;;on the instructions of prime minister modi , his principal secretary nripendra mishra forwarded it to nine secretaries to look into the matter, including the roads department secretary.
;;0.0;;indian policy makers led by prime minister modi , railway and coal minister piyush goyal, commerce minister suresh prabhu and law minister ravi shankar prasad are scheduled to speak at the event and offer insights on future policy direction.
;;0.0;;but the road ahead could be bumpy for the mild-mannered man whose advisors include a bunch of ministers and even prime minister modi modi.
;;0.296;;this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister modi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
;;0.3612;;india is keen to learn from your (africa's) experiences as we proceed on this initiative, modi added.
;;0.2023;;new delhi/ moradabad: union home minister amit shah , uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and bjp working president jp nadda on sunday tuned in to prime minister modi 's radio programme ' mann ki baat ' which resumed after over two months.
;;-0.3182;;port blair: prime minister modi paid floral tributes to the victims of the 2004 tsunami at a memorial in car nicobar here on sunday.
;;0.0;;later in the day, modi will hold a review meeting with the local administration at raj bhawan, port blair, and hoist a high mast flag at south point sea shore.
;;0.0;;file photo of pm modi.
;;0.0;;new delhi: in a drive against malnutrition , prime minister modi on sunday called for observing the month of september as  poshan abhiyan .
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi too occasionally talks about the problem, and says congress deserves a gold medal for corruption.
;;-0.25;;lucknow: after conferring the dalit mitra award on chief minister yogi adityanath dalit mahasabha has moved a proposal to bestow a similar title on prime minister modi the announcement has come at a time when dalits and backwards across the country have taken to the streets to protest against alleged harassment of their community and a proposed change in the sc/st act.
;;0.9001;;on his part, the cm praised modi for taking forward the tradition of ambedkar by ensuring that the country was truly independent by ensuring equality and harmony.
;;0.0;;if there is someone who has ensured that the poor, dalits and most backwards in the country get respect and has pushed forward the idea of an equal country, it is modi.
;;0.6808;;yogi further added that all those connected with baba sahebs mission should thank modi because he is the only one who has actually accorded any respect to baba saheb after independence.
;;0.0;;he said: if anyone has done work to connect the five places associated with baba saheb it is modi.
;;0.4215;;on monday, chief minister lal thanhawla had written to prime minister modi that as people have lost faith in him (shashank), the only solution for the smooth conduct of the assembly elections 2018 would be removal of ceo s b shashank from office forthwith.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday inaugurated the 4.
;;0.0;;pm modi flagged off the first train from tinsukia in south bank to naharlagun in arunachal pradesh in north bank.
;;0.0;;modi along with assam governor jagdish mukhi and chief minister sarbananda sonowal also walked a few metres on the bridge.
;;0.0;;he recalled the suggestions put forward by prime minister modi last year at the g20 summit in buenos aires for action against fugitive economic offenders and asset recovery.
;;0.5859;;aiming at tackling the issue of fugitive economic offenders, modi had suggested a nine-point agenda, which included strong and active international cooperation, cooperation in legal processes, extradition, exchange of information, and stopping entry and safe haven to fugitive economic offenders.
;;0.0;;the modi government has initiated several steps to extradite economic offenders from countries like the uk and antigua.
;;0.0;;indian investigative agencies are probing nirav modi and his uncle choksi for alleged money laundering and corruption to defraud the punjab national bank (pnb) to the tune of over rs 13,000 crore.
;;0.128;;vijayawada: ap chief minister n chandrababu naidu on sunday accused prime minister modi of trying to destabilise the state government with the help of telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao and ysrc president y s jaganmohan reddy.
;;-0.2732;;modi, kcr and jagan are envious of my achievements.
;;-0.2732;;modi and kcr are projecting me in low light so that they can be portrayed as achievers, said naidu.
;;0.0;;he described kcr middle modi and jagan junior modi.
;;-0.296;;he accused modi of using kcr and jagan to defame him.
;;0.0;;naidu said, modi is using his element (kcr) against me.
;;0.0;;modi helped kcr by lifting elugubanti suryanarayana case against him and now he is working hand-in-glove with modi.
;;-0.7964;;on kcrs cash-for-vote scam threat, naidu said: modi could not blackmail me, then how could kcr?
;;0.0;;amarinder singh, who called on prime minister modi in parliament earlier in the day, said that sidhu was given the key portfolio of power.
;;0.7579;;new delhi: using his last speech in the 16th lok sabha to drive home benefits of a majority government, prime minister modi on wednesday said security in numbers led to distinct advantages on the international stage and faster decision making as compared to a disparate gathbandhan.
;;0.0;;sometimes i hear, and there is a misconception that it was in the regime of modi and sushma that india's reputation has soared globally.
;;0.2023;;credit for this doesn't go to modi and sushmaji but to the 2014 mandate of 125 crore people of the country.
;;0.0;;modi also referred, in a veiled manner, to raking up of the rafale deal by rahul and said, kuch hawai jahaz bhi udaye gaye (some planes were also flown).
;;0.8834;;jaipur: celebrate examinations like festivals, one among the several punch lines in prime minister modi modis exam warriors is set to motivate 45 lakh students of government schools in rajasthan.
;;-0.743;;new delhi: prime minister modi on friday accused the opposition of divisive politics and announced that bjp mps will observe a fast on april 12 to protest the impasse in parliament, for which he blamed the congress.
;;0.7269;;flagging off the ' run for unity ', organised here on the occasion of 143rd birth anniversary of patel, he said prime minister modi has been working relentlessly with the country's first home minister's objective of making india strong and keeping it united.
;;0.4588;;in his speech, the home minister referred to the 182-metre-tall statue of sardar vallabhbhai patel in gujarat, known as the 'statue of unity', which will be dedicated to the nation by modi on wednesday.
;;0.3818;;traffic on several stretches could be diverted during rush hours as prime minister modi , uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and around 80 delegates from some of the 196 participating countries are scheduled to attend the 14th session of the conference of party (cop-14) at the expo mart in greater noida both pm modi and chief minister yogi adityanath are expected to use a helicopter to arrive at the venue, but the traffic police said there could be diversions on the dnd flyway and noida-greater noida expressway in case the vvips take the road instead.
;;0.4939;;apart from modi , other vvips who are set to the attend the session include ralph gonsalves, prime minister of saint vincent and the grenadines, amina mohammed, deputy secretary-general of the united nations, and ibrahim thiaw, under secretary-general and executive secretary of the united nations convention to combat desertification (unccd).
;;0.0;;the gram panchayat , in a meeting held on republic day under the chairmanship of sarpanch chhaya subhash khandare, has passed a resolution to that effect and the copy of it was sent to the prime minister modi and chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister modi will address over 20,000 swachhagrahis from across the country at motihari gandhi maidan on april 10.
;;0.3612;;patna district public relation officer (dpro) anil kumar chaudhary said as per the tentative programme, pm modi would land at patna airport by a special indian air force (iaf) aircraft at around 10am on tuesday and leave for motihari in an iaf chopper.
;;0.8555;;gandhidham: if india wants to cement its position in world trade and make maximum gains from the current global economic situation , it is a must that it has efficient ports that have best infrastructure, prime minister modi said here on monday.
;;0.2263;;modi laid the foundation stone for rs 996 crore worth infrastructure projects at kandla that include dr bababsaheb ambedkar convention centre , construction of berth 14 and 16, mechanization of fertilizer handling, interchange cum road overbridge among others.
;;0.7906;;modi also emphasized on building smart port-based cities, one the lines of rs1,400 crore smart industrial port city (spci) planned at kandla, that would give a major push to the india's growth.
;;-0.5859;;modi immediately struck the local chord when he extolled kutch for rising like a phoenix twice - from the 1998 cyclone and then 2001 killer earthquake.
;;-0.8885;;coming down heavily on prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah , mevani said fascist forces conspired against him and firs were filed against him when violence broke out in koregaon, maharasthra, though he was not involved in it.
;;-0.296;;talking about the way forward, he said, stop chanting modi , modi , start saying gauri gauri.
;;0.7003;;pachpadra (barmer): amid an erupting crowd of over two lakh chanting his name, prime minister modi on tuesday flagged off commencement of work on the rs 43,129-crore rajasthan refinery here and said the project will provide new energy to india when she celebrates her 75th year of independence in 2022.
;;0.0;;guwahati: a video clip showing tripura sports minister manoj kanti deb inappropriately touching social welfare minister shantana chakma at saturdays event where prime minister modi inaugurated several projects went viral on sunday.
;;0.0;;he is known to have espoused the cause of farmers, something which was repeatedly referred to by prime minister modi in his election speeches.
;;0.8271;;the united states has deep ties to the nation of india, and i am grateful for my friendship with prime minister modi.
;;0.296;;jaipur: congress party workers under the leadership of partys district head pratap singh khachariyawas on friday protested and burnt an effigy of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.128;;gandhi's remarks came days after bjp leaders, including prime minister modi , attacked the congress during the campaigning for the may 12 karnataka assembly polls for promoting dynasty politics and called rahul gandhi a 'naamdar'.
;;0.7184;;pm modi himself is a fan of didi and i will write to him to take all my collections for a museum in her honour.
;;0.6249;;singapore: prime minister modi today met his singaporean counterpart lee hsien loong and discussed ways to enhance bilateral cooperation in areas like trade and investment, connectivity, innovation and technology.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and prime minister lee had delegation-level talks said raveesh kumar , spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.4588;;modi, who arrived here yesterday on a three-day visit, also called on singapore president halimah yacob after his arrival at the presidential palace istana, he was accorded a ceremonial welcome.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi was accorded a ceremonial welcome on his arrival at istana - presidential palace of singapore.
;;0.4019;;modi and yacob exchanged views to strengthen bilateral relations and explored further cooperation in the flagship initiatives of the government.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi called on president of singapore halimah yacob, kumar said in a tweet.
;;0.5719;;modi received a 'guard of honour' at the palace.
;;0.3182;;during his talks with singaporean leaders, modi discussed ways to further strengthen bilateral ties.
;;0.0;;modi is in singapore on the last leg of his three-nation tour.
;;0.25;;surat: wrapping up the campaigning for the first phase of elections, prime minister modi launched a broadside against congress, saying party which knows nothing about development has no right to ask the account for bjp rule in gujarat.
;;0.3612;;striking a local chord, modi promised expediting the international airport and a world-class railway station for surat.
;;0.1531;;ajmer: priests and local people of pushkar have asked prime minister modi to intervene in the matter of the drying pushkar sarovar, as it is hampering feelings of devotees who come to pushkar.
;;0.0;;parashar had asked modi to make such a plan that water in the pond remains all through the year to maintain purity of the place.
;;0.0;;as voters in karnataka exercise their franchise, we analyse various scenarios in the state-bjp will be heavily banking on an adrenaline-charged election campaign spearheaded by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6705;;while bjp used pm modi who led an entourage of party leaders from across the country to campaign in the state, the congress has firmly bestowed its faith in siddaramaiah.
;;-0.5423;;noida: ncr rwa (confederation of ncr residents welfare associations-conrwa) has urged prime minister modi and hrd minister prakash javadekar to put a stay on cbse's decision to re-conduct class 12 economics and class 10 mathematics exam as it amounts to harassing lakhs of students and their parents for a folly of few.
;;-0.9168;;we have written to prime minister modi and hrd minister prakash javadekar today urging them to scrap and disallow the cbses decision for a re-exam of class xii economics and class x maths papers following their leak as is its very disheartening to lakhs of students across the country who appeared for the said exams and would be harassed for no fault of theirs, said ps jain, president conrwa.
;;-0.7269;;hence conrwa urged pm modi to issue appropriate instructions to hrd minister prakash prakash javadekar, secretary hrd ministry and chairman cbse against the decision to re-conduct the said examinations and at the same time, expedite investigations in the matter to punish the guilty.
;;-0.5574;;he also reminded everyone that he had called prime minister modi a fascist in 2014.
;;0.296;;the cm, who skipped the niti aayog meeting in delhi headed by modi three days ago, said the aayog had recommended rs 24,000 crore financial assistance to the state for two flagship water schemes  mission bhagiratha and mission kakatiya.
;;-0.7096;;but i recall, i had called modi a fascist prime minister after seven mandals from telangana and sileru project were transferred to andhra pradesh in 2014, kcr said at a press conference after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.0772;;during the lok sabha elections, a large number of turmeric farmers from telangana had gone to varanasi to file nomination papers and contest against modi.
;;-0.1027;;talking to media, gadkari said that all disputes over ken-betwa river linking project between madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh have been resolved and prime minister modi would lay the foundation stone of the project in two months.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: prime minister modi will arrive in gujarat on monday, on a two-day visit to the state.
;;0.0;;on monday, modi will dedicate to the nation the narmada water pumping station at bhachau in the arid district of kutch.
;;0.6486;;modi will participate in the inaugural session of the event whose central theme is 'transforming agriculture for wealth creation in africa'.
;;0.5267;;at the beginning of 2017, modi had embarked on two-day visit to gujarat on january 9-10 to inaugurate the vibrant gujarat global summit and a host of high-profile pre-summit events.
;;-0.4767;;chennai: dmk working president m k stalin on saturday said tamil nadu mps should resign if prime minister modi refused to meet an all party delegation from the state to exert pressure on setting up a cauvery management board.
;;-0.296;;the chief minister told me that pm modi refused to meet and wants the delegation to meet the minister concerned.
;;0.5267;;an all party meet convened by palaniswami on february 22 unanimously resolved to meet pm modi.
;;0.2023;;leaders have been asked to begin urban-and-rural connect drives to publicize welfare schemes and significant decisions taken by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4215;;during the recent assembly polls, shah had attacked congress with the raja, maharaja and corporate jibe, but the party will refrain from such direct attacks and instead focus on propaganda of the bjp government, led by pm modi , said a senior state functionary.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi modis special emphasis is the development of j&k, he said adding that several steps are being taken in this regard.
;;0.0;;ample opportunites for india in russi's far-eastthe bilateral relations between moscow and new delhithe eastern economic forumnew delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday visited russia's far-east city of vladivostok, a first by an indian head of state, to participate in the eastern economic forum and hold bilateral discussion with vladimir putin.
;;0.0772;;pm modi will be the chief guest at the forum, which will also see participation from a number of other countries at ministerial level, including china, south korea, north korea, singapore and indonesia.
;;0.0;;motihari: prime minister modi will flag off swachhagraha express from bapudham railway station during his visit to motihari on april 10 to mark the concluding ceremony of champaran satyagraha centenary celebrations by the state government.
;;0.7906;;new delhi: the bjp is to organise a two-day training programme for all its mps, including prime minister modi and party chief amit shah the party on sunday communicated to all its mps to ensure that they attend the abhyas varga starting august 3.
;;0.4019;;sources said prime minister modi and party chief shah are expected to brief mps about various relevant issues and topics.
;;0.4215;;the applause was just as loud for prime minister modi as it was for manik sarkar.
;;0.34;;when modi shook hands with sarkar, the applause was louder.
;;0.886;;the people left, long after modi and every vip had left the venue, with dreams of the better days that modi had just promised.
;;0.5719;;wearing a defence cap and medical appendage attached, parrikar, 63, charged up the audience when he asked them how is the josh, a popular dialogue from bollywood film uri the surgical strike, which has become popular with many politicians including prime minister modi how's the josh?
;;0.34;;the governor also reminded the people that prime minister modi , at the recently concluded south east asian summit, has spoken about the ancient relation that india shared with japan.
;;0.0;;before proceeding for morbi, khurshid, while talking to media persons in rajkot, alleged that prime minister modi did only campaigns in its four years of rule rather than some real work.
;;0.4588;;he, however, laughed it off when asked whether he meant prime minister modi or bjp.
;;0.6486;;even for one with extraordinary popular appeal like prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4019;;more so when modi has emerged as the only politician around who can persuade farmers to support the idea of a tax on agricultural income.
;;-0.6124;;though they were promised agriculture land and other facilities, the government failed to walk the talk angering tribal activists, who have now written to prime minister modi seeking his intervention.
;;0.0;;vijayawada: in what appears to be a political tit-for-tat move, prime minister modi will launch three central projects in andhra pradesh before addressing a pre-election public meeting in guntur.
;;-0.4215;;tdp has been protesting the visit of modi alleging that the centre did nothing concrete for the state in the last four-and-a half years.
;;0.0516;;before modi reaches the public meeting venue, he will be briefed by local bjp leadership on the projects and funds sanctioned by the centre to the state thus far.
;;0.0;;saturdays event was attended by union minister of state for ayush shripad naik, mps modi sawaikar and vinay tendulkar, dhavalikar, health minister vishwajit rane, sanvordem mla, chairman of goa state infrastructure development corporation deepak pauskar and chief secretary dharmendra sharma.
;;0.5267;;information commissioners had suggested different names, including that of chief justice of india, after prime minister modi could not spare time for the event.
;;0.6486;;the bonhomie is evident in the photo ops graced by prime minister modi and chief justice of india js khehar.
;;0.34;;by pulling down the government, we may play into the hands of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6369;;incidentally, thangamani called on prime minister modi on may 8 ostensibly to thank him for the centre's support.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi: congress dubbed the three years of modi government as allround failure, and said it would launch a nationwide agitation to expose the centre before the country's voters.
;;-0.3818;;at a press conference featuring its young leaders, congress launched a scathing attack on the u-turns made by pm modi from his stint in the opposition to his ascension to power at the centre.
;;-0.743;;in the video, congress cited 30 tricks of modi by juxtaposing his virulent criticism of aadhaar, gst, mgnrega, pink revolution-meat export and falling value of rupee with his embracing these key upa schemes and his silence on currency devaluation.
;;0.5574;;congress said modi repeatedly accused upa of being soft on china and pakistan over border intrusions and beheadings, and promised a strong stand against the neighbours.
;;0.1531;;now, farmers are tired seeking justice, he said, adding that farmers had sought attention of prime minister modi in the matter now.
;;0.7906;;gorakhpur: chief minister aditya nath yogi, on friday, praised prime minister modi for completion of three successful years of nda government with its policy of 'sabka saath, sabka vikas' and setting new milestones for development.
;;0.0;;during his tenure as the chief minister of gujarat, modi had initiated excavations in the town, which resulted in the discovery of a buddhist monastery.
;;0.6124;;(toi file photo)new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday condoled the demise of former madhya pradesh chief minister babulal gaur , saying he continuously worked to strengthen the party.
;;0.0;;mumbai: prime minister modi will be in maharashtra on saturday to unveil projects at dhule and yavatmal the pm will launch central and western railway projects.
;;0.5267;;surat: the 'national salt satyagraha memorial', which recreates the spirit of dandi march of mahatma gandhi against the salt tax imposed by british in 1930, will be dedicated to the nation by prime minister modi in dandi in navsari district on wednesday.
;;0.3612;;modi, who will be in the diamond city to attend various programmes, will reach dandi at around 3.
;;0.2263;;modi is also likely to address a public meeting near the airport premises and electronically dedicate and lay foundation stone of projects worth rs1,058.
;;0.0;;modi had earlier visited surat on 19 january to dedicate the armoured system complex at hazira.
;;-0.128;;surat: wrapping up the campaigning for the first phase of elections, prime minister modi launched a broadside against congress , saying party which knows nothing about development has no right to ask the account for bjp rule in gujarat we are fighting this elections on the development plank.
;;0.4215;;magnetically attracted to the initiative, prime minister modi lauded the effort on his mann ki baat programme.
;;0.8442;;on samajwadi party supremo mulayam singh yadavs statement praising prime minister modi , poojary said, it is his personal opinion.
;;0.7579;;i will also praise modi if he does a good job.
;;-0.7269;;new delhi: from sonia gandhi 's infamous maut ka saudagar and zehar ki kheti to rahul gandhi 's recent jawano ke khoon ka dalal, bjp on monday released a long list of abuses hurled by congress leaders at prime minister modi as the party reacted strongly to the rival asking the president to advise the pm against using unwarranted, threatening and intimidating language against political opponents.
;;-0.659;;congress leaders led by manmohan singh , who have complained misleadingly about modi modi's language should check their own record of repeated denigration of a popular leader modi with the most abusive language, law minister ravi shankar prasad said.
;;-0.25;;prasad added that sonia had called modi maut ka saudagar while another congress leader had dubbed him lowly and advised him to open a tea shop.
;;-0.4767;;congress has been targeting modi because of its reluctance to accept that a man born in poverty has become prime minister, a post which only one family can lay claim to, prasad said.
;;0.0;;in the gujarat assembly campaign in 2007, sonia had called modi maut ka saudagar (merchant of death).
;;0.0;;karnataka congress chief dinesh gundurao's remarks against modi and shah were also in the list.
;;-0.7269;;as were aiyar's neech (lowly) remark, anand sharma saying modi had an unhealthy mentality and the official twitter handle of youth congress mocking the pm's tea-selling background.
;;0.0;;pramod tiwari had equated modi with hitler, mussolini and gaddafi.
;;-0.796;;it also mentioned rashid alvi calling modi the most stupid pm and saharanpur mla imran masood's threat to chop modi into pieces.
;;0.0;;speaking to the media here on completion of three years of the modi government, siddaramaiah said yeddyurappa's act was evidence enough to prove bjp's double standards.
;;0.3182;;if bjp is serious, let it take up inter-caste marriages instead of inter-dining programmesmahesh chandra guru | dalit activist and professor, university of mysorechief minister siddaramaiah on friday made a gaffe when he uttered the name of party mp m veerappa moily, instead of pm modi who was being targeted by the congress party moily is full of lies.
;;-0.2023;;pune: shiv sena on wednesday hailed gujarat chief minister modi for protecting himself from 'topi-kand' (cap-scam) by refusing to don an 'imami cap' offered by a muslim clergy during his three-day 'sadbhavana mission' fast.
;;-0.4215;;one imam came on the podium and offered modi a (skull) cap, but modi refused to wear it.
;;0.0;;if modi sticks to this line, his delhi bound horse can race along the rajpath in delhi, the paper commented.
;;0.1695;;the shiv sena patriarch, bjp's oldest ally, had also asked modi not to forget that after maharashtra, gujarat was the laboratory of hinduism and had said whatever he was today, it was because of hindu vote bank.
;;0.7351;;modi was on a three-day fast in gujarat capital for peace, unity and communal harmony.
;;0.4215;;dubai: prime minister modi 's third official visit to the uae on august 23-24 is another important milestone in the bilateral comprehensive strategic partnership and the indian community is looking forward to it, india's envoy in the country has said.
;;0.4767;;modi would also meet the crown prince of abu dhabi, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan to discuss bilateral, regional and international matters of mutual interest.
;;0.0;;india's ambassador to the uae, navdeep singh suri on monday tweeted that the indian community was looking forward to the visit of prime minister modi.
;;0.6808;;the 3rd visit of prime minister modi to the uae emphatically underlines the importance and respect india has for the uae, said yusuffali ma, chairman & managing director, lulu group.
;;-0.1027;;against the backdrop of the rising prices of petrol and diesel, he said relieving the burden of farmers in the country, including bihar, who use diesel to run pumping sets for irrigation purposes, was on the high-priority list of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;new delhi, apr 27 () senior congress leader p chidambaram today slammed the modi government for reportedly approving the diversion of 77 hectares of forest land for the mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project and said 99 per cent of india's population would not travel in the elitist train.
;;0.0;;shows priorities of modi government.
;;0.4767;;prime minister modi has reportedly given in-principle approval for the diversion of 77 hectares of forest land for the rs 1.
;;-0.836;;lucknow: having taken a serious note of bjps shocking defeat in byelections and the recent resentment shown by four dalit mps against the state leadership, prime minister modi is learnt to have expressed his concern to chief minister yogi adityanath over the state of affairs in uttar pradesh.
;;0.3612;;officially, yogis meeting with modi and shah is being described as a courtesy call and routine discussion.
;;0.0;;a rattled modi , had called yogi to delhi late on saturday evening.
;;-0.7506;;new delhi: former prime minister and congress leader manmohan singh on sunday attacked prime minister modi , saying democracy is in danger under his regime.
;;0.3182;;singh said modi had not been able to fulfil a single promise made to the people four years ago before coming to power.
;;-0.8176;;slamming the bjp-led nda government over the agrarian crisis, singh said: the modi government's anti-farmer policies have resulted in an unprecedented agrarian distress.
;;0.296;;panaji: modi , younger brother of prime minister modi , said he doesn't feel the need to join politics.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is likely to almost double indias financial contribution to the commonwealth when he heads to london this week for the commonwealth heads of government meeting (chogm).
;;0.0;;modi himself skipped the last one in malta.
;;0.4215;;modi arrives in the united kingdom on tuesday night after a bilateral meeting in sweden and an indo-nordic summit with norway, iceland, sweden, denmark and finland in stockholm.
;;0.0;;in london, modi will start off with a day of bilateral meetings on wednesday before a chogm dinner hosted by british pm theresa may at sky garden in london.
;;0.6597;;the list of leaders who contested from more than one seat is long and includes indira gandhi, biju patnaik and n t rama rao and present-day leaders like prime minister modi , congress leader sonia gandhi , sp chief mulayam singh yadav and rjd supremo lalu prasad.
;;0.0;;addressing the second day of the tdp mahanadu here on monday, naidu said, i had already told prime minister modi that all central funds will be accounted for.
;;-0.25;;zirakpur: prime minister modi modis dream project to have public and community toilets in every corner of the country is still a far cry as any initiative regarding this is yet to reach the town of zirakpur.
;;0.765;;he said that he is hopeful of getting full public support since prime minister modi has called for tackling solid, liquid, and plastic wastes.
;;0.3612;;new delhi: prime minister modi , who had said a few months ago that he would return with his monthly radio address after the elections, sunday credited the people for his return to run the government.
;;0.5106;;the confidence was not modi's.
;;0.0;;in his first term, modi had addressed the nation on 53 occasions between october 3, 2014 and february 24 this year through his monthly broadcast after coming to power in 2014.
;;0.0;;varanasi: two years after hosting his japanese counterpart shinzo abe in his parliamentary constituency, prime minister modi will roll out the red carpet for french president emmanuel macron and his wife here on march 12.
;;0.34;;as per the tentative itinerary, the french president will land at lbs international airport with his wife and will be welcomed by modi.
;;0.0;;after lunch, when the french president will be busy in site-seeing tour, modi will attend other events.
;;0.0;;this is the second time that modi will host head of a nation in his parliamentary constituency.
;;0.0;;in december 2015, modi had hosted his japanese counterpart shinzo abe.
;;0.2023;;the date of the arrival of german president has also been finalized by the german embassy in india, although the officials here have no intimation regarding the person who will welcome him on the behalf of modi in varanasi.
;;0.1779;;on the issue of an all-party delegation calling on prime minister modi to press him to constitute the board immediately, the meeting resolved to get dmk working president m k stalin to work on it.
;;0.0;;the appointments committee of the cabinet comprises prime minister modi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.7184;;nashik: blaming the congress for the plight of kashmiris for decades, prime minister modi on thursday called for hugging each kashmiri and creating a new paradise in the valley.
;;0.0;;shimla: the 900-megawatt arun-3 hydroelectric power plant in kathmandu, whose foundation stone was jointly laid by prime minister modi and his nepalese counterpart k p sharma oli on saturday, will be executed by shimla-based company sjvn.
;;0.0;;pm modi speaks at a plenary session of eastern economic forum at far-eastern russian port of vladivostok.
;;0.3612;;read morevladivostok: prime minister modi on thursday said the sanctions imposed by the us on russia have no effect on india bolstering cooperation with moscow in strategic sectors like energy and defence.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi said indian companies have made investments in russian oil and gas sector and russian firms have investments in energy, defence and technology transfer to india.
;;0.4019;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1495942728000new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday congratulated the manipur's bharatiya janata party (bjp) for their victory in rajya sabha elections in the state.
;;0.8834;;prime minister modi took to twitter to express his happiness over the victory and tweeted, was delighted at bjp winning its first ever rajya sabha seat from manipur by a big margin.
;;-0.2263;;the book is in sharp contrast to bjp's 'congress-mukt bharat' narrative, though prime minister modi specified that it was limited to the corruption 'culture' that seeped into congress and firmed its roots.
;;0.0387;;malkajgiri residents had even submitted a representation to prime minster modi through the official public grievance portal, but the matter is far from being resolved.
;;-0.6249;;in a tweet, kejriwal slammed modi for fighting his political battles through law-enforcement agencies.
;;-0.0;;new delhi: about 70  houses sanctioned under the pm awas yojana pmay ) for the poor are in the name of women, prime minister modi said on tuesday while linking his government's flagship programme to the dignity of people.
;;-0.7506;;new delhi: the bjp on sunday advised congress chief rahul gandhi to worry about his own chances in the 2019 lok sabha elections , after the latter predicted that prime minister modi might lose the electoral fight in his constituency varanasi, reported pti.
;;0.93;;he also challenged pm modi to stand from varanasi when faced with three united parties - the congress, samajwadi party and bahujan samaj party gandhi asserted that his party knew how to carry people and would achieve and ensure opposition unity.
;;0.5574;;chennai: amma makkal munnetra kazhagam (ammk) founder t t v dhinakaran has urged chief minister edappadi k palaniswami to lead an all-party delegation to meet prime minister modi after the supreme court on monday asked the centre to file a draft plan on setting up a cauvery management board by may 3.
;;0.0;;fc goa's new owners, which includes casino entrepreneur modi , took over the franchise only in 2016.
;;0.0;;mahametro is in a hurry to get cmrs green signal by february end so that prime minister modi can flag off the trains before general elections are declared.
;;0.6259;;ahmedabad: the shadow of encounters may have lifted from modi and amit shah , as the report of the special task force headed by justice bedi, which probed 17 encounters between 2002 and 2007 when modi and shah were at helm of gujarat, has not named any top cops and politicians with no big names being recommended for trial.
;;-0.4767;;shahs indictment often led the critics of prime minister modi to drag him into the controversy because he was the chief minister and held the cabinet portfolio of the home department in gujarat.
;;0.4754;;in fact, the most popular steamed snacks from prime minister modi modi's home state is tantalizing tastebuds in his counterpart imran khan's constituency of karachi.
;;-0.6369;;watchers are waiting to see if pm modi will betray convention and announce tax concessions.
;;0.1027;;pm modi aims to woo voters with pre-election perks the measures are likely to be a drain on finances in asia's third-biggest economy, where prime minister modi modi's government is trying to stick to a decade-low fiscal deficit target of 3.
;;0.3818;;guwahati: the week leading up to the mizoram assembly election promises high-voltage election rhetoric, with prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi both scheduled to campaign in the state within three days of each other.
;;0.0;;the congress president will set foot for a day in mizoram on november 20 followed by modi , who will arrive in the hill state on november 22.
;;0.0;;bjp is yet to finalise the venues for modi , but he is likely to address three rallies in aizawl, lunglei and serchhip - the last is chief minister lal thanhawla 's home constituency.
;;0.0;;recently, when prime minister modi visited nagpur, over 2000 cans of chilled water were ordered for people.
;;0.0;;ranchi: chief minister raghubar das on wednesday said the jharkhand government is preparing for simultaneous statewide rollout of pradhan mantri shram yogi maan-dhan , a pension scheme for workers of the unorganised sector that prime minister modi is scheduled to launch on march 5.
;;-0.101;;the most awaited guest was prime minister modi , who wished the couple and gave them a red rose each.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: in a surprise move, chief minister arvind kejriwal on sunday visited tughlak road police station to meet telugu desam party mps detained by police while marching towards the official residence of prime minister modi .
;;0.128;;kejriwal justified tdps demands for special status and put the blame for the detention of the mps on modi.
;;0.7184;;his rapport with opposition leaders was such that during the debate on demonetisation in 2016 in rajya sabha, then samajwadi party mp naresh agarwal in the presence of prime minister modi had said he did not take even then finance minister jaitley into confidence.
;;-0.4215;;assistant us trade representative (austr) for south and central asia , christopher wilson and deputy assistant brendan lynch are in town after a meeting between modi and trump at osaka broke the logjam in the negotiations.
;;0.0;;this would be the first meeting on trade issues after the meeting of prime minister modi with the us president in japan on the sidelines of the g20 summit.
;;0.4215;;bhopal: chief minister shivraj singh chouhan met prime minister modi , on wednesday during a meeting of chief ministers of three states  madhya pradesh, gujarat and maharashtra  to discuss export potential with regard to the united arab emirates (uae).
;;0.0;;last month, bjp had organized a rally of prime minister modi in kangra district , known as the political capital of state.
;;0.8658;;there has been multifaceted growth of the party under prime minister modi , and the party has emerged as the biggest political party with the largest organizational base in the world, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi flagged off the scheme from sahebganj in april 2016.
;;0.3818;;in march, president macron and prime minister modi had placed our peoples, particularly the youth, at the heart of their joint commitment.
;;-0.2023;;in april 2015, when prime minister modi travelled to france, negotiations between dassault and hal had stalled.
;;0.7579;;we share the vision expressed by prime minister modi in his shangri-la speech in june and indias policy of a free, open and inclusive region.
;;-0.8834;;without naming any country, the five leaders -- including prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping -- reiterated that it is the responsibility of all states to prevent financing of terrorist networks and of terrorist actions from their territories.
;;0.9022;;the sanctioned strength of sc judges was increased days after chief justice of india ranjan gogoi wrote to prime minister modi to increase the number of judges in the top court.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference on the first 100 days of the modi 2.
;;-0.6808;;emphasizing that countries develop a reputation, jaishankar recalled prime minister modi 's remarks in afghanistan about information technology vs international terrorism '' and how it has two different meanings, in a reference to india, which is known for its it professional, and pakistan.
;;0.0;;we will present the data to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: prime minister modi poked fun at congress heir imminent rahul gandhi by saying that he was remembering bhole baba more than babasaheb (ambedkar) these days, continuing the exchange of barbs with the congress vice-president in the run-up to the gujarat election campaign on thursday.
;;0.296;;in the same vein, pm modi accused congress of undermining ambedkars role in freedom struggle for the benefit of one family.
;;0.743;;modi expressed hope that daic will serve as an inspiration in spreading the teachings of ambedkar and become a centre for research on social and economic issues.
;;0.6124;;naidu will deliver the keynote address at sagar or security and growth for all in the region, as coined by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1531;;modi has paid a heavy price for undermining the popularity of (congress president) rahul gandhi .
;;-0.049;;modi took critical decisions without considering their adverse impact on the people.
;;0.0;;however, the survey has not included the sabarmati riverfront from where prime minister modi flew to dharoi dam near ambaji on a seaplane in december 2017.
;;-0.7184;;calling on prime minister modi , who was on a whirlwind tour of lakshadweep, southern tamil nadu and thiruvananthapuram, soosa pakiam, archbishop of the latin rite archdiocese of trivandrum, demanded concrete steps to address the impact of the disaster on the fishermen.
;;0.5267;;the council asked modi for steps to waive off all outstanding loans of the fishermen affected by the cyclone.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is expected to chair the conference.
;;0.0;;this will be the second time that the dgp conference is held in gujarat after modi took over as prime minister in may 2014.
;;0.0;;a key official familiar with the development said, pm modi and union home minister rajnath singh have confirmed their participation at the all-india dgp conference.
;;0.0;;co/3u2wstfzgm  mamata banerjee (@mamataofficial) 1542591686000new delhi: prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi and several other political leaders paid tribute to former prime minister indira gandhi on her 101st birth anniversary on monday.
;;0.0;;tributes to india's former prime minister, mrs indira gandhi ji on her birth anniversary, modi tweeted.
;;0.4939;;for the record ' is a chronicle of 52-year-old cameron's personal as well as professional life, specifically covering the period between 2010 and 2016 when he was in charge at downing street and had close dealings with both singh as well prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8442;;as part of a considerable focus on the india-uk relationship in his memoirs, the 52-year-old former conservative party politician is all praise for the two indian leaders and relives hugging modi on stage during his address at wembley stadium in november 2015.
;;-0.296;;before introducing modi , i told the 60,000-strong crowd that i envisaged a british indian entering no 10 downing street as pm one day.
;;0.7906;;and as modi and i hugged on stage i hoped that this small gesture would be a signal of the open armed eagerness with which britain approached the world.
;;-0.6808;;surat: designer saris depicting public outrage over the pulwama terror attack, prime minister modi as well as priyanka gandhi's entry into politics are attracting traders from across the country to surat, country's biggest synthetic sari-making centre.
;;-0.3818;;if a designer sari maker in pandesara has give vent to 'we want revenge' feeling of people post-pulwama, many others have started selling saris with pictures of modi and priyanka.
;;0.0;;naimish jiyani, a textile manufacturer, has developed saris with images of modi.
;;-0.9607;;london: amid a nationwide outrage over the kathua and unnao rape cases, prime minister modi today said rape is rape and should not be politicised.
;;0.0;;modi, during the 'bharat ki baat, sabke saath' programme at the iconic central hall westminster here, said, we always ask our daughters about what they are doing, where they are going.
;;0.4939;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday met leaders of various political parties having representation in parliament to explore possibilities of holding lok sabha and assembly elections together amid no show by various opposition parties.
;;0.4019;;pm modi had invited the heads of all political parties which have at least one member either in the lok sabha or the rajya sabha for the meeting to discuss several issues, including the one nation, one election idea, celebration of 75 years of independence in 2022 and the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi this year.
;;0.4404;;the prime minister called for widespread debate and consultations on simultaneous elections for lok sabha and vidhan sabhas, keeping in view various aspects such as the resulting financial savings and consequent better utilisation of resources, an official release said last week after modi addressed a niti aayog meeting here.
;;0.7003;;the architectural marvel in the heart of the city, was the centre of attraction when prime minister modi visited it with japanese pm shinzo abe and his wife akie.
;;-0.2263;;the 182 metres tall statue, dedicated to sardar vallabhbhai patel , was inaugurated by prime minister modi in october 2018.
;;0.0;;flutter as bjp functionary enters into argumentmeanwhile a commotion was created during the function as a bjp functionary entered into an argument with the corporation officials and aiadmk party leaders for missing prime minister modi modis name in the banner set as the backdrop of the function.
;;0.4404;;later selvaraj and his supporters left the function hall, raising slogans invoking modi .
;;0.0;;the isha foundation had submitted its draft recommendation to prime minister modi after conclusion of the rally for rivers in october.
;;0.0;;the central governments stance on this issue under prime minister modi has been that the rss is not a political organisation so does not come under the ambit of similar instructions under the central civil services (conduct) rules, 1964.
;;0.0;;vice president mike pence had raised this issue during his meeting with prime minister modi in november.
;;0.0;;he added that the government led by prime minister modi has managed to provide jobs to only 4.
;;-0.8852;;vadodara: prime minister modi , addressing a public rally here on sunday night, asked his predecessor manmohan singh why did he not show the courage to order a surgical strike post the 26/11 mumbai terror attack, despite the readiness of the army.
;;-0.6249;;modi also questioned congress leaders, including its vice president rahul gandhi, for raising doubts over the surgical strikes.
;;0.5423;;after winning two lok sabha seats from vadodara and varanasi in the 2014 general election, modi had retained the varanasi seat.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 23, 2018prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4215;;noida/ghaziabad: nearly a year after prime minister modi came to noida to inaugurate the botanical garden-kalindi kunj stretch on december 25, the up government is hoping to get the pm visit the city again.
;;-0.5994;;upset with the protracted delay by the civic agency in initiating work on the revival of the waterbody, the residents of nr mohalla, udayagiri and surrounding areas have decided to circumvent the entire bureaucratic machinery and place the issue in the hands of prime minister narendta modi.
;;0.3612;;while a victory would help boost the sagging morale of the congress, which is on a downhill journey losing state after state since modi came to power at the centre, defeat in karnataka, the only big state it rules apart from punjab, may further slowdown the momentum for the party.
;;0.0258;;in case the bjp gets the mandate, it reflects the enduring charisma of prime minister modi and his capacity to power his party to victory across the country, clearing demographic and topographical obstacles, in combination with party's president amit shah's strategy.
;;-0.3291;;prime minister modi raises ' beti bachao ' slogans, but his government has failed to provide minimum security to women.
;;0.0;;lucknow: chief minister yogi adityanath and his cabinet are all set to host the biggest congregation of business heads before the 2019 lok sabha elections in the presence of prime minister modi and 18 union ministers.
;;0.0;;the two-day investors summit at indira gandhi pratishthan would showcase the combined development agenda of modi and yogi.
;;0.4215;;besides, with the lok sabha elections less that a year away, its time for the bjp governments at the centre and in up to show how far they have succeeded in achieving the development goals modi had set after victory in 2014.
;;-0.2023;;new delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal, who is also the delhi jal board chairman, has written to prime minister modi seeking his intervention in convincing haryana to increase the amount of water being released for the wazirabad treatment plant to avert a crisis in ndmc areas and central delhi next month.
;;0.6705;;washington: president donald trump does not make up things, a top presidential advisor said on tuesday when asked about a question on his stunning claim that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, remarks which has been strongly refuted by india.
;;0.0;;trump, who is known to make inaccurate statements, claimed that prime minister modi asked him to mediate on kashmir when they met in osaka, japan on the sidelines of the g20 summit last month.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister s jaishankar refuted that prime minister modi ever made that request.
;;-0.296;;prime minister modi arrived at mia later in the day from shivamogga as part of his ongoing election rallies in the state.
;;-0.872;;pmo india (@pmoindia) 1495596607000new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday announced ex gratia of rs two lakh for the next of kin of each of those killed in a bus accident in uttarakhand my prayers and solidarity with those who lost their loved ones in the unfortunate bus accident in uttarkashi .
;;-0.4767;;they also welcomed prime minister modi modis statement that the armed forces have been given a green signal to do whatever is necessary to avenge the killings of indian jawans and teach pakistan an unforgettable lesson.
;;0.4767;;vichar, however, insists he was impressed with prime minister modi modis three-hour visit to the site in june 2018 when he announced more than rs 400 crore projects, including a museum-cum library, four-lane road and sound-and-light show at maghar.
;;0.0;;modi visited maghar on the occasion of kabirs 620th anniversary.
;;0.6597;;he taunted prime minister modi and the bjp, saying, vaade kam, kaam zyada (less promises, more work) is what the congress swears by unlike the bjp which only makes false promises.
;;0.0;;claiming that a 14-year-old studying scripture at sringeri knows more about religion than modi , he said: during my visit to sringeri i interacted with children who have taken up studying religion and a 14-year old explained the meaning of religion to me when i asked him what it meant to him.
;;-0.4019;;g20 summit sidelines: pm modi hold talks with donald trumpnew delhi: india and the us found a mechanism to tackle trade tensions after a meeting between prime minister modi and us president donald trump in osaka on friday, with the ministers of the two countries expected to meet in the coming weeks to work out the contours of a deal.
;;0.5267;;trump congratulated modi for winning the elections and bringing together different factions.
;;0.6249;;modi signalled that india has been ready for negotiations for a while, and that though it has taken retaliatory action after removal of gsp concessions, it will look forward to resolve these issues.
;;0.0;;on the last day of filing of nominations for the seat from where prime minister modi is in the fray, only two activists from prakasam in andhra pradesh were able to file their nominations.
;;0.0;;dibrugarh: preparations are on full swing at kareng bali ghat, where prime minister modi will inaugurate the bogibeel bridge on december 25.
;;0.5106;;he recommended faster decision-making and project clearances like in gujarat when prime minister modi was chief minister.
;;-0.34;;aap mla alka lamba put the blame on prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;maken should ask modi.
;;-0.1531;;they did not know that modi will expose them this time, he said.
;;-0.3612;;meanwhile, dhaval patel said, it will be difficult to attend the function because prime minister modi will be in city on january 19.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 19, 2018pm modi at foundation stone laying ceremony of metro phase 3 via remote in pune on dec.
;;0.0;;pune: prime minister modi on tuesday laid the foundation stone for the over rs 8,000 crore third phase of the citys metro rail project from hinjewadi to shivajinagar.
;;0.0;;the programme in the city was the fourth that modi attended in the state on tuesday to inaugurate infrastructure works.
;;0.3818;;new delhi: two years after prime minister modi introduced the demonetisation scheme, both the central government and the opposition highlighted the benefits and ills of the note-ban move.
;;0.2732;;two years ago, on this day, prime minister modi in a surprising move had declared rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes as non-legal and introduced new rs 500 and rs 2,000 notes.
;;0.9062;;this story is from november 17, 2018raipur: taking a swipe at congress for its leader shashi tharoor 's 'chaiwala could become pm due to pt nehru' statement, prime minister modi on friday slammed the grand old party and dared it to make someone from outside the gandhi-nehru family their party chief 'just for five years' so that people could believe that nehru created a truly democratic system.
;;0.0;;the group has organized an exhibition on the life and works of modi which will be held at science centre and will be open for public on both days.
;;0.7845;;prime minister modi acted through his public comments on saturday to set the party line and quell any ambiguity over bjps response to the protests in favour of the accused irrespective of the communal fault-lines in jammu, where the party has consolidated its electoral support since the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.128;;the national-level programme was launched by prime minister modi on march 8, 2018 .
;;0.946;;it's time for everyone to get on board, support the united nations, support prime minister modi , support president ghani and all those who are trying to maintain peace and make for a better world here, he said.
;;0.3818;;the reference to pm modi and india answered some of the gloating among pakistan analysts and kvetching from indian experts over trumps letter to imran khan seeking pakistans facilitation to resolve the afghan tangle that was seen as sidelining india.
;;0.3818;;amaravati: andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu on tuesday challenged prime minister modi for a debate on what benefit the country got under the latter's rule.
;;0.3818;;reacting to the prime minister's interview, telecast on several television channels, the chief minister, who has been going hammer and tongs at the prime minister on various issues, asked what was the (economic) growth rate achieved under modi.
;;-0.1027;;the country's economic system 'collapsed' because of the measures implemented by the modi government, he alleged and challenged the prime minister for a debate on the issue.
;;0.0;;lucknow: prime minister modi will inaugurate the two-day up investors summit in lucknow on wednesday.
;;0.5106;;union minister for environment, forest and climate change prakash javadekar said india, under the leadership of prime minister modi , was taking decisive steps in achieving nationally determined contributions (ndcs), which is the heart of the 2015 paris pact.
;;0.5106;;kanyakumari: coming down heavily on mdmk general secretary vaiko for announcing a black flag protest during prime minister modi modis visit to madurai on january 27, union minister of state for shipping and finance pon radhakrishnan said that vaiko should give up his plan to protect the dignity of the statethe kanyakumari mp was interacting with reporters in nagercoil on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;khandu urged prime minister modi to intervene and resolve the matter.
;;-0.5023;;arunachal pradesh has a lot of potential, but due to objections by the neighbouring country, foreign investment is not making it to the state and making it difficult to tap the resources, khandu said at indira gandhi park here, after modi laid the foundation of and inaugurated several projects.
;;0.4404;;yavatmal: devising a novel way of protest to highlight the paltry financial aid offered to farmers by the centre in its budget for 2019-20, congressmen in yavatmal have resolved to send a demand draft for rs 17 to prime minister modi through district collector.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: all the wooing by prime minister modi , and congress president rahul gandhi of late, notwithstanding, only a minuscule 24,348 non-resident indians (nris) have registered to vote with the election commission (ec).
;;-0.5194;;accusing the trs government of not sincerely implementing the welfare schemes of the central government in telangana, laxman said the state government feared that prime minister modi 's popularity would rise.
;;-0.7717;;new delhi: as delhi continues to battle the soaring heatwave , chief minister arvind kejriwal on tuesday requested prime minister modi to intervene to end the current coal crisis that has led to a reduced generation of thermal power for delhi.
;;0.0;;davos: prime minister modi today met swiss president alain berset here and discussed ways to deepen bilateral ties on the sidelines of the world economic forum (wef) annual summit.
;;0.3182;;thanking modi , the swiss president said he would continue to strengthen our relations with india.
;;0.0;;modi, who arrived at the ski-resort today, would be delivering the keynote address at the summit's plenary session today.
;;-0.2732;;naidu hit out at the centre saying the union government did not implement many things mentioned in the andhra pradesh reorganisation act - 2014, and many promises given by prime minister modi the union government meted out injustice to the state even in the last budget.
;;0.1665;;new delhi: there is nothing wrong about raising aspirations and expectations as this is an expression of faith and a negative atmosphere is not conducive to achievement, prime minister modi said on tuesday in response to a students question on how he dealt with the weight of public expectation.
;;0.4588;;the pm arrived at the venue to a rousing welcome with students chanting modi , modi.
;;0.3612;;though modi in an interaction with the chief secretaries had said gem could provide efficiency, savings and transparency in government procurement, it minister and info-tech corp chairman rohan khaunte said the new arrangement was done to put systems in place to bring accountability.
;;0.6249;;new delhi: prime minister modi will interact with leading economists and experts on saturday to deliberate on economic policy roadmap for promoting growth and employment generation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi in his independence day speech had said that rs 100 lakh crore would be invested on infrastructure in the next five years and would include social and economic infrastructure projects.
;;0.4404;;rajya sabha member prabhakar kore thanked prime minister modi for including belagavi under the udan scheme.
;;0.0;;in his first cabinet meeting of the year, the us president also referred to prime minister modi for funding a library in aghanistan, wondering who would use it in that country.
;;-0.2144;;the us president referred to his friendly terms with prime minister modi , but appeared critical of a library funded by india in afghanistan.
;;0.3384;;i could give you an example where i get along very well with india and prime minister modi.
;;0.8402;;washington: indian americans on monday congratulated prime minister modi and the union home minister amit shah for taking the bold step to revoke article 370, which gave special status to jammu and kashmir the indian government abolished article 370 and moved a separate bill to split the state into two union territories of jammu and kashmir, and ladakharticle 370 granted special status to jammu and kashmir and allowed it to have its own flag and constitution, among other rights.
;;0.7351;;we congratulate prime minister modi and home minister (amit) shah for taking this bold step.
;;0.1249;;it was long due, but it took the courage and vision of prime minister modi to remove this unjust provision, said jagdish sewhani, president of american india public affairs committee (aipac).
;;0.4391;;indian american forum for political education (iafpe) president sampat shivangi said it is a historic and a very bold act by modi and shah.
;;0.886;;prime minister modi and party president amit shah wanted me to convey regards and best wishes for his early recovery, good health and long life.
;;-0.5023;;but there has been no improvement in the situation till now due to off and on rebukes by the bjp leadership and there is no guarantee either of it in future, said the bsp president in her tweet in hindi the bsp supremo's remarks came a day after prime minister modi 's stern warning to his party men against instances of arrogance and misbehaviour.
;;0.6597;;modi censured his party's mla in presence of his father and party general secretary kailash vijayvargiya during a bjp's parliamentary party meet.
;;0.4019;;chennai: aligning with the bjp would help veteran actor rajinikanth assume power in tamil nadu , according to thuglaq magazine editor s gurumurthy , who said that the combination of prime minister modi and rajinikanth would do wonders for people of tamil nadu.
;;0.3612;;speaking on the sidelines of the national executive committee meeting of federation of indian chamber of commerce and industry (ficci), in which rajini's political opponent kamal haasan also participated, gurumurthy said that bringing together the administrative nous of modi and the mass appeal of rajini would work like magic.
;;-0.5719;;while gurumurthy sought to shift blame for the delay in setting up of cauvery management board away from modi , haasan said the issue was not insurmountable.
;;0.34;;the highlight of pus centenary celebration was its formal inauguration by prime minister modi at patna science college on october 14.
;;0.1779;;mumbai: armed with the success in its 'sangharsha yatra' to press the demand for a farm loan waiver, the congress will now launch a statewide agitation to demand a rollback in petrol prices from may 26, on the day prime minister modi completes three years in office.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi on thursday hosted a dinner for members of lok sabha and rajya sabha at a state-run five-star hotel.
;;-0.936;;new delhi: the rss-affiliated sjm has urged prime minister modi to create hurdles for chinese companies doing business in india as china continues to block new delhi's attempts to designate masood azhar, whose jem carried out the terrorist attack on a crpf convoy in pulwama, as a global terrorist.
;;-0.802;;in a letter to modi , swadeshi jagran manch (sjm) co-convener ashwani mahajan monday said the dastardly terrorist attack in pulwama has shaken the conscience of the nation and at this time steps should be taken to prevent the economic gain of any nation that directly or tacitly supports such terrorists.
;;0.7964;;kashmiri pandits, who had gathered in washington dc from various parts of the united states, raised slogans in support of prime minister modi for taking the bold and historic step.
;;0.0;;new delhi: president pranab mukherjee , vice president hamid ansari and finance minister arun jaitley raised a toast to prime minister modi 's communication skills at the launch of two books on friday to mark the third anniversary of the bjp government at the centre.
;;0.8553;;describing modi as one of the most effective communicators of the times, mukherjee compared him to jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi for his ability to inspire people.
;;0.25;;he said various initiatives taken by modi had resulted in the indian economy moving forward in a steadfast manner.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi will deliver an important message of gender balance in the city.
;;0.0;;congressman josh harder in a letter asked pompeo to address new retaliatory tariffs on almonds with modi during his meeting in new delhi next week.
;;0.0;;his visit comes ahead of a meeting between us president donald trump and prime minister modi on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka, japan on june 28-29.
;;0.0;;during his visit, pompeo will meet prime minister modi and his new indian counterpart external affairs minister s jaishankar.
;;0.0;;new delhi: hitting out at maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis ' wife amruta on her recent remark of calling prime minister modi as father of the country, senior congress leader mallikarjun kharge on wednesday said that only mahatma gandhi can be given the title of 'father of the nation'.
;;0.0772;;if they want to consider prime minister modi as their father of nation, let them, kharge said.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, amruta fadnavis wished modi on his birthday and called him father of our country.
;;0.8313;;wishing the father of our country modi ji a very happy birthday - who inspires us to work relentlessly towards the betterment of the society, amruta fadnavis tweeted.
;;0.4767;;the bjp is also trying to use prime minister modi to woo young voters and fence sitters.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had caused a buzz about seaplanes when he used one to fly from the sabarmati river in ahmedabad to dharoi dam near ambaji in december 2017, on the last day of campaigning for the 2017 assembly polls.
;;-0.6249;;in a memorandum to prime minister modi on tuesday, the cpm politburo asked for his immediate intervention to end the violence in tripura.
;;0.0;;the water ceremony began with prime minister modi pouring sacred water from the river ganga into the lotus pond at matrimandir on february 25.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 20, 2018prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: prime minister modi will address the valedictory function of the national convention of the bjp mahila morcha on saturday.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi is likely to address the nation on thursday during which he is expected to explain government's decisions on abrogating special status to jammu and kashmir and splitting the state into two union territories, sources have said.
;;0.0;;before masol came into limelight in 2014, when fossils found in the village caught the attention of prime minister modi and the then france president, franois hollande, during a visit to chandigarh, the village had been relegated to oblivion.
;;0.4019;;read morenew delhi: opposition parties, including the congress, which are opposed to holding of simultaneous elections to lok sabha and state assemblies, will take a call on wednesday morning whether to attend a meeting convened by prime minister modi on the 'one nation, one election' issue.
;;0.4019;;modi has invited the heads of all the political parties that have at least one member either in the lok sabha or in the rajya sabha to discuss the issue.
;;0.7269;;earlier in the day, prime minister modi said hardworking fraternity of chartered accountants has been furthering the culture of honesty and better corporate governance in the society.
;;0.9136;;kathmandu: india is ready to be the sherpa to help nepal scale the mountain of success, prime minister modi said on saturday, hailing the himalayan nation's successful journey from bullets to ballots.
;;0.8519;;addressing a civic reception, modi stressed on the special relationship shared by the two neighbours and admired nepal's spirit of resilience and commitment towards democracy.
;;0.5859;;choosing his words carefully, modi appealed to hearts of the people in a bid to regain trust and reset relationship.
;;0.0;;nepal-india ties scaled new heights after modi's visit, said gyawali, who saw modi off at tribhuvan international airport.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister modi will lay the foundation stone for patna metro rail project on february 17, cm nitish kumar announced on wednesday.
;;0.2263;;modi likely to open three cng stations: pm is also likely to inaugurate three newly built compressed natural gas (cng) stations in patna through remote control from barauni the same day, sources in the gas authority of india limited (gail) said on wednesday.
;;0.7906;;kochi: to celebrate its first anniversary kochi metro will offer free rides on june 19, the date when the commercial services were declared open by prime minister modi in 2017.
;;0.7351;;lucknow: assuring a student that ram temple will definitely be constructed in ayodhya, up chief minister yogi adityanath on friday hailed prime minister modi as a man who can turn the impossible into possible.
;;0.0;;(pm modi can turn the impossible into possible).
;;-0.0516;;when another student asked why all opposition parties were coming together against bjp, yogi said that it was because they were scared of pm modi who would return to power again.
;;0.4019;;puducherry: after june, the congress party will have only puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy to showcase as a congress cm in the country, said prime minister modi on sunday.
;;0.4767;;modi urged intellectuals to analyse the reasons for the lack of progress in the country and asked them to compare 48 years of rule directly or indirectly by one family with the 48-month rule of the current bjp-led nda government at the centre the countrys first prime minister (jawaharlal nehru) was in power for 17 years, his daughter (indira gandhi) for 14 years and her son (rajiv gandhi) for five years.
;;0.0;;earlier, lt governor kiran bedi, narayanasamy and his cabinet colleagues received modi on his arrival.
;;0.8442;;modi visited sri aurobindo ashram and meditated for a few minutes at the samadhi of the freedom fighter turned philosopher sri aurobindo and his spiritual collaborator mirra alfassa, revered as the mother by followers.
;;0.3182;;cm palaniswami, who forwarded the resolution to prime minister modi seeking action, said that in the guise of storing water to meet the drinking water needs of bengaluru, karnataka wants to increase its storage and irrigation capacity.
;;0.0;;nadda said that ayushman bharat was the brainchild of prime minister modi .
;;0.8271;;brand hyderabad for modi , managing director (india, sea, middle east) of global online recruitment biggie monster.com, stands for its strong foundation: its fundamentals are its unmatched talent pool, physical infrastructure, educational infrastructure, cosmopolitan culture, a good quality of life and a reasonable cost of living as compared to mumbai or delhi.
;;-0.3612;;brushing aside allegations by siddaramaiah that central assistance to karnataka had fallen drastically under prime minister modi , shah said under the 13th finance commission, when upa was in power, the state had got rs 88,000 crore.
;;0.25;;this is keeping with prime minister modi modis the vision of making a new india by 2022.
;;0.5574;;sudhansh pant during his three-day stay to jaisalmer said that pm modi under the new india vision by 2022 got evaluation done by niti aayog to identify backward districts in regard to education, agriculture, health, drinking water and other parameters in regard to development and national growth in which 115 districts throughout the country were identified of which 30 were in most backward districts.
;;-0.0516;;with general elections less than a year away and prime minister modi facing a united opposition, political uncertainty looms large too.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister modi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan have been working for the poor.
;;-0.128;;new delhi: as soon as the lok sabha assembled on wednesday morning, congress leader of the house adhir ranjan chowdhury raised demand for the presence of prime minister modi in the house and a statement from him on the kashmir mediation issue.
;;0.4767;;prime minister modi will be honouring kharbanda and current dc of tarn taran pardeep sabharwal on the occasion.
;;0.4019;;the main aim of the meeting was to charge up the party workers for bringing back modi as pm of nation and formation of bjp government in 2019.
;;0.8074;;the members resolved that the party workers would convince the voters for again voting in favour of sad-bjp candidates and inform people about the policies initiated during the tenure of nda government under prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0772;;if people want these public welfare schemes to continue, they should re-elect nda government by re electing modi as pm, he said.
;;-0.2732;;washington: a lone donald trump aide insisted on tuesday that the president doesnt make up things when asked about the u.s presidents claim that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, even as officials on both sides sought to tide over the gaffe.
;;-0.4767;;i cant get over the fact that he seems to have concocted an entire fake exchange involving modi.
;;0.3182;;new delhi: prime minister modi 's monthly address - 'mann ki baat' - being aired to about 150 countries -- has evoked a huge response from people of indian-origin living abroad, an all india radio (air) director has said.
;;0.0;;in one such message, a listener from new zealand said it was enchanting to hear modi and asked when the prime minister would visit his country.
;;-0.7269;;it will be difficult to locate the bundle in which modi had put the womans head as theres no systemic way of dumping garbage and theres no one to monitor as well.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the poll results in mp, rajasthan and chhattisgarh spell a setback for pm modi and bjp chief amit shah .
;;-0.296;;while the elections were not about modi , he will be under pressure to come out with something spectacular to counter the perception of a slide in bjps fortunes, especially as the ls polls rule out the scope for attempting something whose results may not be visible shortly.
;;-0.0279;;eventually, modi and shah went by the suggestion of state leaders and curtailed the scope of culling, perhaps also because they didnt want to risk being held responsible in case of a defeat.
;;0.0;;modi addressed around 30 rallies and shah participated in over 170 public events.
;;0.0;;there are already a few murmurs about a few moves of the modi government, including demonetisation, which seem to have boomeranged, a suggestion which is countered by others.
;;-0.2057;;observers feel the recent meeting between prime minister modi and dmk working president m k stalin did not go down well with the minority communities.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi kept election schedule in mind while suspending his monthly radio programme for over two months.
;;0.0;;a few minutes later, bjp president amit shah asserted at a rally in amritsar that modi would be pm again.
;;0.0;;modi is once again going to be pm.
;;0.7269;;prime minister modi , a man of humble origins, and trump, a billionaire and a flamboyant reality tv personality,during a white house visit in june, their hitherto phone friendship was sealed with hugs.
;;0.4404;;i am thrilled to salute you, prime minister modi , and the indian people for all you are accomplishing together.
;;0.7003;;co/y6pufijdkw  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1524249472000berlin: prime minister modi on friday night said he had a wonderful meeting with german chancellor angela merkel and discussed multiple aspects relating to bilateral cooperation as well as other global issues.
;;0.0;;modi met merkel during a brief stopover in berlin after wrapping up his visit to the uk where he attended the commonwealth heads of government meeting ( chogm ) and held a series of bilateral meetings.
;;0.2732;;we discussed multiple aspects relating to india-germany cooperation as well as other global issues, modi tweeted.
;;0.7096;;he expressed his gratitude to prime minister modi , external affairs minister sushma swaraj and said that the post department is playing an important role in connecting general public with all the public welfare schemes.
;;0.7351;;simultaneous elections to bring good governancelucknow: the uttar pradesh governments report on validity of one nation, one poll  mooted by prime minister modi  has made strong recommendations to the centre seeking inclusion of mobile numbers of voters to remove duplication and maintaining their database starting with their age as early as 16.
;;0.34;;during their election campaigns across the state and the country, the political leaders, from prime minister modi to congress president rahul gandhi, will be welcomed with a safa.
;;0.4767;;some traders have attributed the popularity of rajasthani turban to prime minister modi who was seen wearing traditional rajasthani safa on republic day, 2015.
;;-0.128;;sources said the current plan started as a follow up of the october 12 meeting called by prime minister modi to review domestic production profile of oil and gas and the roadmap for cutting import dependence by 10 per cent by 2022.
;;0.0;;but, the actual anti-nationals are prime minister modi , chief minister sonowal, himanta biswa sarma and bjp president amit shah .
;;0.4588;;brushing aside the internal rebellion as spurred by political forces, nirmal on april 14 also announced that the next dalit mitra award would be given to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4086;;new delhi: the congress today upped the ante in the lok sabha over the issue of prime minister modi 's remarks against his predecessor manmohan singh , with the party protesting the speaker's decision not to allow them to raise the matter and asking her where was justice.
;;0.4588;;he also took a swipe at the ruling party saying they want to listen to only mann ki baat, referring to prime minister modi modi's monthly radio address.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi will today inaugurate the up investors summit in lucknow.
;;0.34;;* pm modi arrived at the summit earlier today and was welcomed by the governor of uttar pradesh, ram naik, the union home minister, rajnath singh, and the chief minister adityanath.
;;0.6115;;* pm modi and cm yogi want to make up a dream destination for investors, who are very excited to attend the summit.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 29, 2018reuters file photo of pm modi with us president trumpmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi , us president donald trump and japanese premier shinzo abe will hold their first trilateral meeting this week on the sidelines of the g20 summit in argentina.
;;-0.1761;;at the recently concluded est asia summit, modi met all the members of the quadrilateral separately japan, us and australia  even though india remains the most cautious in that group.
;;0.0;;modi, in his keynote address at the shangri la dialogue in singapore in june expounded india's stand on the strategic indo-pacific region.
;;0.2732;;briefing journalists before the visit, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said modi would meet chinese president xi jinping as well.
;;0.4404;;the supplementary budget also focuses on development of varanasi, the lok sabha constituency of prime minister modi with provison of rs 40 crore for the beautification and widening of road connecting ganga ghats with kashi vishwanath temple.
;;0.4404;;the cm also thanked prime minister modi on behalf of the farmers of haryana.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister modi and bjp manipulated the governors office and indulged in horse trading to hijack mlas to form the government, he said.
;;0.0;;imphal: prime minister modi on friday inaugurated the 105th indian science congress at the manipur university in imphal .
;;0.34;;modi, who stressed on making advancements in construction of houses, social security and power sector through scientific methods, talked about utilizing land and human resources of the state in boosting science.
;;0.4019;;this story is from november 12, 2018late union minister ananth kumar (toi)new delhi: prime minister modi is likely to chair a special meeting of the union cabinet monday to condole the demise of senior minister ananth kumar, official sources said.
;;0.0;;after shouting slogans against the union government and prime minister modi , the protestors gave a memorandum to deputy commissioner pradeep aggarwal.
;;-0.8782;;all promises made by pm modi before coming to power have turned out to be a bundle of lies, and both modi and bjp are nothing less than sweet poison who are killing our people and the nation slowly.
;;0.128;;this scheme was launched by prime minister modi in september 2017.
;;0.6369;;in 2015, in the visakhapatnam congress, the kerala unit led by state secretary modi and former state secretary pinarayi vijayan tried their best to anoint s ramachandran pillai (srp) as the general secretary.
;;-0.4767;;the congress had suspended aiyar from its primary membership and slapped a show-cause notice on him for his neech remark against prime minister modi , which had mushroomed into a massive controversy just ahead of the gujarat polls.
;;-0.4497;;approximately 70 per cent of indian electorate did not vote for modi in the last election, but lost because they were completely fractioned among themselves.
;;0.7964;;pm modi highlights pmjdy, mudra, start-up india at g20 opening session prime minister modi on friday highlighted the flagship programmes like the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojna, mudra and start-up india undertaken by his government to modernise the economy and promote inclusive growth at the opening session of the g20 summit here.
;;0.0772;;co/oviziagu9c  modi (@narendramodi) 1543623766000g20 summit: looking forward to wide range of interactions, says pm modi prime minister modi , who is in argentina's capital of buenos aires to attend the g20 summit, will discuss ways to meet the new and upcoming challenges of the coming decade with other world leaders, including us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;pm modi interacts with trump, putin and may on sidelines of g20 prime minister modi on friday interacted with us president donald trump and russian president vladimir putin and british prime minister theresa may ahead of the g-20 summit here.
;;0.0;;the agenda was presented by prime minister modi in the second session of the g20 summit on international trade, international financial and tax systems.
;;0.0;;tirupur: without obtaining permission from the district administration, more than 50 trees were uprooted from the venue in the city where prime minister modi would address a public meeting organized by the bjp on february 10.
;;0.7351;;he also thanked prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah for the strong willpower shown by them.
;;0.5267;;this will help the people of the state get rid of terrorism, said sharmahe also hailed the modi government's decision as the one realising the concept of one nation, one flag and honouring the promise of syama prasad mookerjee (founder of the bharatiya jan sangh), besides the public sentiments.
;;0.0;;in the past, prime minister modi , sundar singh bhandari, k n govindacharya and kushabhau thackaray have worked in the key position, which requires daily coordination between bjp and rss.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the government will auction over 2,700 gifts received by prime minister modi from september 14 until october 3 and contribute the proceeds for the conservation and rejuvenation of ganga, union culture minister prahlad patel said.
;;0.0;;this is the second time this year that the gifts received by pm modi will go under the hammer.
;;0.0;;in february this year, ngma had organised a similar fortnight-long in-store and e-auction of mementoes received by pm modi.
;;0.0;;5 lakh, a portrait of modi done on silkhas been tagged as the most expensive item.
;;0.4404;;attacking the saffron party, he said it had changed its uttar pradesh in-charge only to save one seat (of prime minister modi ).
;;0.1027;;co/oruoac8hj9  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1564120932000new delhi: prime minister modi along with lok sabha speaker om birla, defence minister rajnath singh and home minister amit shah participated in a tree plantation drive organised by the lok sabha secretariat on friday.
;;0.128;;the minister said that being a signatory to 24x7 power for all scheme, the state government is working closely with the centre to implement various key schemes, including the saubhagya scheme which was launched by prime minister modi last year.
;;-0.3716;;prime minister modi modi's ban of high-value currency notes last year had a major short-term impact on demand but private and public consumption has recovered.
;;-0.0516;;the incidents of unprovoked firing and attempts to infiltrate the ib have increased in the last few days even as prime minister modi is expected to reach jammu and kashmir tomorrow as part of an official visit.
;;0.0;;stating that prime minister modi was behind kcrs proposed federal front, gowda said west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is a secular leader and she would sail with the congress-led coalition.
;;0.3612;;hubballi: prime minister modi sounded bjps lok sabha poll bugle in karnataka on sunday by taking a swipe at hd kumaraswamy , calling him a punching bag heading a majboor (helpless) government that was at the mercy of alliance partner congress .
;;0.0258;;new delhi: rajya sabha was adjourned till 2 pm on tuesday as the opposition created uproar and demanded that prime minister modi make a statement on us president donald trump 's claim on the issue of kashmir mediation.
;;0.0;;chidambaram utilized the meeting to answer the allegations levelled by prime minister modi against the upa government and him recently at permanallur in the district.
;;0.3612;;modi promised to double the income of farmers during his tenure.
;;0.2732;;shimla: bjp is all set to launch its campaign for 2019 parliamentary election from dharamshala as prime minister modi has accepted the request of the state government to be the chief guest at the event to mark one year of the partys rule in himachal pradesh.
;;0.0;;chief minister jai ram thakur said that a mega rally would be organised at dharamshala on december 27 and would be attended by modi , along with bjp national president amit shah.
;;0.0;;it may be mentioned that jagan mohan reddy had taken up the issue with prime minister modi immediately after election results were out.
;;0.6597;;the maoist targeting the bus came just a day before prime minister modi modi's visit to jagdalpur, the divisional headquarters of bastar, to address an election meeting to canvass support for his party candidates on friday.
;;0.4019;;this story is from november 17, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityjaipur: prime minister modi , party president amit shah and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath would be the bjps star campaigners for forthcoming assembly elections.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi and union sports minister rajyavardhan singh rathore were scheduled to attend the festival but pulled out at the last moment.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis on friday briefed prime minister modi on the flood situation in the state.
;;0.0;;cm fadnavis briefs pm modi on maharashtra floods situation.
;;0.6249;;incorporating the vision make in india vision of prime minister modi , my aspiration was to launch a well reputed international brand in india under the leadership and guidance of my son akshat who is a graduate from the uk and will be handling the manufacturing, marketing, selling and promotion of the brand in india.
;;0.6705;;at a time when prime minister modi modis brainchild swachh bharat mission is gaining traction under the union ministry of urban development, the gujarat chamber of commerce and industries , (gcci), has undertaken an initiative to develop clean sanitation facilities on state and national highways in gujarat.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had inaugurated kiran hospital in april 2017.
;;0.0;;modi had laid the foundation stone for the hospital in 2013 when he was chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.3612;;we would like to see south asia integrated much more closely with india, so we cannot be seen as taking sides, parthasarthy said, adding that india's prime minister modi hosted both rajapaksa and wickremesinghe in separate visits to new delhi last month.
;;0.0;;bonne called on prime minister modi and held wide-ranging talks with doval on thursday, his counterpart for the strategic dialogue, it said.
;;-0.7906;;kurukshetra: prime minister modi on tuesday inaugurated two healthcare institution  national cancer institute at jhajjar and the esic medical college and hospital, faridabad  and laid the foundation stone of national institute of ayurveda, panchkula; pandit deen dayal upadhyaya university of health sciences, karnal; shri krishna ayush university, kurukshetra; and battles of panipat museum, panipat.
;;0.4767;;''the people have stood with prime minister modi s politics of development and the people of the north east have given the stamp of approval for four years of modi government at the centre,'' an official release said quoting him.
;;0.6597;;the people have reposed full faith in the dynamic leadership of prime minister modi and his call of 'sabka saath, sabka vikas', he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is expected to inaugurate the bridge this december.
;;0.0;;the comments by trump were his first and comes two weeks since his meeting with prime minister modi on the sidelines of the g7 summit in france on august 26.
;;0.1779;;during his meeting with modi in france last month, trump had said kashmir is an issue that needs to be resolved between india and pakistan.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi is all set to inaugurate the 4.
;;0.0;;jai ram and his team of ministers will take oath at the ridge in shimla on wednesday in the presence of prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah, senior leader lal krishan advani, union ministers and chief ministers of 12 states.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and iranian president hassan rouhani could not hold a planned meeting on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in bishkek on friday due to scheduling issues.
;;0.0;;it was expected that modi and rouhani would discuss a range of issues including the us sanctions on import of iranian oil and implementation of the chabahar port project.
;;0.7783;;houston: huge digital billboards on major highways across houston welcoming prime minister modi and indian flags fluttering outside the homes of indian-americans are signs that they are eagerly awaiting his arrival here on september 22 for the mega diaspora event.
;;0.0;;a record audience of over 50,000 people have already registered for the howdy, modi!
;;0.128;;jaipur: leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad on saturday said prime minister modi modis foreign trips failed to create an environment that would help bring back fugitives or black money stashed abroad.
;;-0.7184;;azad said the modi government failed to extradite those who allegedly committed scams and fled with public money.
;;0.2568;;he added, but in the last four-and-a-half years, the pm could not create enough influence to bring back those like nirav modi , mehul choksi and others.
;;0.3612;;during the last lok sabha elections, modi promised to bring back black money, which did not happen, the leader of opposition said.
;;-0.1027;;visakhapatnam: kicking off her campaign for the lok sabha polls, chief minister mamata banerjee on sunday challenged prime minister modi to a us presidential-style debate on key issues.
;;0.0772;;throwing the gauntlet at the pm, cm banerjee said: i challenge modi to an open debate.
;;-0.3089;;even appealing to bjps sister groups not to support modi and bjp chief amit shah in polls, she said: bjp has sister organisations.
;;0.7745;;i would like to request them that if you love the country, please dont support modi and amit shah.
;;0.0516;;i feel everyone will come forward, keeping aside their petty interests, to collectively vote against the modi government, banerjee told reporters earlier at nscbi airport in kolkata.
;;0.0;;if modi and amit shah come back to power, the country will not remain the same anymore.
;;0.5423;;the reserves field director and chief conservator of forests, v naganathan, received the award from prime minister modi in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;durgapur (west bengal): bjp national secretary rahul sinha on saturday stated that west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee 's posters were deliberately being put above prime minister modi modi's banners in durgapur.
;;0.0;;speaking to ani, sinha said: just 50-70 metres away from the meeting venue of prime minister modi in durgapur, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee's posters were deliberately being put above the prime minister's banners.
;;0.0;;he further urged the people of ap to give prime minister modi the cold shoulder on his tour to the state.
;;0.296;;stating that pm modi , amit shah and arun jaitley were unsympathetic towards the state, srinivas noted that members of the old guard, such as rajnath singh and uma bharti, were supportive of the andhra cause.
;;0.3818;;the report card of four years of modi government draws a blank, projecting a negative performance in checking price rise, creation of jobs, agricultural growth, industrial growth, and unearthing black money.
;;-0.6705;;according to cpi finance secretary ms bhatia: the dramatic move of demonetization by modi has inflicted colossal damage on the indian economy, resulting in closure of several lakhs of small and medium enterprises, and loss of jobs to millions of workers.
;;-0.5256;;according to cpi city secretary ramesh rattan: modi is an instrument to perpetuate the ideological agenda of rss, and it is this divisive communal hindutva agenda that is being used to polarize indian masses on the basis of religion, which is very dangerous.
;;0.0;;in the days to come, we are gearing up for the most crucial general elections of 2019 to overthrow the modi government.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 13, 2019gangajal project was inaugurated by prime minister modi on january 9download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4767;;agra: water supply to several parched localities in the cities has improved ever since the gangajal project was inaugurated by prime minister modi on january 9.
;;0.0;;jaipur: with a close finish in the assembly polls showing that prime minister modi will continue to be a factor in the state in the 2019 general elections, it is likely that congress will consider aicc general secretary ashok gehlot as the more apt chief minister for rajasthan for such circumstances.
;;-0.3182;;while the bjp has been aggressively posting speeches and pictures of prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah among others, the congress is content with speeches and clicks of the activities conducted by aicc national president rahul gandhi.
;;0.0;;chennai: with the election commission's deadline to submit affidavits in the two-leaves symbol case nearing, former cm-turned-rebel leader o panneerselvam is expected to meet prime minister modi on friday.
;;0.5267;;during his meet with modi , ops is likely to extend support to bjp in the presidential polls.
;;0.0;;appealed only for conscience vote: bjpin case the low-key swearingin ceremony goes ahead at raj bhavan, it is likely to be skipped by both prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.0;;vadodara: major roads in city will remain closed from afternoon as prime minister modi is scheduled to address a public rally at navlakhi ground in the evening.
;;0.0258;;however, whether modi will land at airport and reach the venue by road is not known yet.
;;0.2023;;top railway sources said, however, prime minister modi will not inaugurate the train on february 10 as was decided earlier.
;;-0.6705;;staging a protest on the day of prime minister modi modis visit to the state on friday, akrsu burnt effigies of the pm, home minister rajnath singh and chief minister sarbananda sonowal , expressing their grievances over non-fulfilment of their st demand and and the centres unwillingness to discuss their demand for a separate kamatapur state.
;;0.4019;;congress legislature party leader mukesh agnihotri asked him to tell about the rallies of prime minister modi and money spent on those.
;;0.7351;;on the issue of cghs cover for international medal winners, tendulkar had recently sought the intervention of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5574;;the scheme was launched following the approval of cabinet committee on economic affairs which recently met under the leadership of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.7845;;new delhi: the opposition hit back at prime minister modi on wednesday for his remarks that the mention of the word 'cow' raises hackles of some people, saying he should talk about the economy instead and be alarmed when people are killed in the name of cow.
;;0.4215;;nationalist congress party mp majeed memon said modi is the prime minister of a secular country and he should not refer to religious matters too often.
;;0.4767;;former prime minister h d deve gowda (file photo)bengaluru: former prime minister h d deve gowda on monday requested prime minister modi to release rs 5,000 crore as interim relief to flood-ravaged karnataka and to notify it as national calamity.
;;0.4585;;in a letter to modi , the jd(s) patriarch said he had not seen such destruction to both human lives and properties in his six decades of political career.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had inaugurated three cng stations at naubatpur, rukanpura and bypass road from barauni on february 17.
;;0.4215;;gehlot, the congress election in charge for gujarat, said rahul gandhi ran a nice campaign in the home state of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5574;;this campaign, too, was clearly siddaramaiah versus prime minister modi , a fact acknowledged by congress president rahul gandhi a self-proclaimed agnostic, the 69-year-old now makes way for a successor.
;;-0.0772;;ahmedabad: in a symbolic message against prime minister modi , dalit leader jignesh mevani, who is contesting the election from vadgam seat with congress support, said on saturday that vadgam will defeat vadnagar (modi's hometown).
;;0.0;;mevani further said that now the people of vadgam had made up their mind to give a befitting reply to the man of vadnagar (prime minister modi modi).
;;-0.3818;;i will begin such a fight that modi will not become the prime minister again.
;;0.0;;mevani alleged that gujarat chief minister vijay rupani and prime minister modi had not given anything to vadgam.
;;0.1779;;in his speech, rahul gandhi alleged that prime minister modi had tried to play the obc card but it did not work in the gujarat elections and stated that the bjp had released its manifesto in haste.
;;-0.4019;;delhi: prime minister modi , sonia gandhi and eam sushma swaraj pay tribute to people who lost lives in 200 https://t.
;;0.0;;co/5mm0w1iefz  ani (@ani) 1513143568000#delhi prime minister modi meets former pm manmohan singh at the parliament.
;;-0.4767;;co/b4rd1zprfk  modi (@narendramodi) 1513146620000tributes to the martyrs of the 2001 parliament attack.
;;-0.5719;;co/jjizbozk2g  congress (@incindia) 1513142442000new delhi: political leaders cutting across party lines began the day by remembering those who lost their lies 16 years ago during the parliament attack politicians from various political parties, including prime minister nrednra modi , gathered at the parliament on wednesday morning to pay floral tributes to the bravehearts.
;;0.6486;;in a highly-charged moment, pm modi and former prime minister manmohan singh appeared to set aside their differences, warmly greeting one another on their way to the house.
;;0.0;;the kalkaji mandir-botanical garden stretch of magenta line will be inaugurated by prime minister modi on december 25 and the new section will be opened for public from 5pm that day.
;;0.886;;(ani)kobe: prime minister modi on thursday invoked the three wise monkeys from mahatma gandhi 's teachings to underline the strong bond between india and japan when we talk about india's relations with the world, japan assumes an important place, modi , who is in japan to attend the g20 summit to be held in osaka from friday, told an enthusiastic indian community at kobe our relations with japan are centuries old.
;;0.5106;;pm modi (ani photo)(with inputs from pti)new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday said the first 100 days of new nda government have been of development, trust and big changes in the country.
;;0.2732;;narendra modi also touched upon various initiatives coined by the government in agriculture sector and announced that in addition to a pension scheme for farmers, the government will soon introduce a pension scheme for medium and small businessmen as well.
;;0.3071;;trump himself, embroiled in having to defuse racial tensions in the us, appears to have no bandwidth to deal with a distant situation even though he enthusiastically offered mediation, ostensibly to comfort pakistans prime minister imran khan and get islamabads cooperation in the us drawdown from afghanistan the us president later refined his offer of mediation to clarify he would do so if prime minister modi invited him to do so, but since then, even as new delhi has moved to strengthen its writ in the valley, trump has tuned out of the issue, leaving many regional pundits to speculate how the us president views the situation.
;;0.0;;when a student inquired about becoming a politician, chouhan cited example of prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;this story is from november 21, 2018paresh dhanani (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citygandhinagar: senior congress leader paresh dhanani , who is also the leader of opposition in the gujarat assembly, on tuesday called prime minister modi and gujarat chief minister vijay rupani chor (thieves).
;;0.4588;;this story is from november 1, 2018aerial view of statue of unity in kevadiya colony of narmada district, on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citykevadiya (narmada district): kevadiya, the tiny tribal hamlet nestled amid satpura and vindhya ranges, got etched in history as prime minister modi dedicated to the nation statue of unity, the worlds tallest statute, builty as a towering tribute to indias iron man sardar vallabhbhai patel, here on wednesday.
;;0.0772;;the 182 m tall statue built on sadhu beyt near sardar sarovar dam was conceptualized by modi in 2010 when he was the gujarat chief minister as glorious acknowledgement of sardars painstaking yet uncelebrated contribution in unifying india by merging over 550 princely states.
;;0.7184;;modi also exhorted people to rise above caste, class and religion and imbibe the sole feeling of being indian to realize the dream of 'ek bharat shreshtha bharat (unified india, superior india).
;;0.0;;modi also blasted his critics who questioned the construction of this monument and lamented that his governments efforts of bringing to life the contribution of indias iconic freedom fighters are being seen as political gimmick.
;;-0.7351;;new delhi: indias slowdown and a simmering shadow banking crisis is putting prime minister modi modis goal of crafting a $5 trillion economy by 2025 at risk.
;;0.0;;we expect the first-term reforms of the modi government, including a clean-up of the banking sector, a new bankruptcy law, and a new indirect tax structure, to mark a transition to a faster-growth trajectory.
;;-0.0258;;while modi has seen through far-reaching reforms -- giving rbi an inflation targeting mandate, introducing a nationwide consumption tax and passing an insolvency law  in his first term, hes fallen short of overhauling the banking system.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 16, 2019small talk: onstage during the kollam bypass inauguration on tuesday, prime minister modi and chief m.
;;-0.705;;kollam: prime minister modi modis claim that what happened in tripura will happen in kerala might seem a desperate attempt to shore up the morale of his party workers, but by branding congress-led udf and cpm-led ldf as two sides of the same coin he left no doubt that bjp and its nda allies would do their utmost to disrupt keralas decades-long bipolar political order in the upcoming general elections.
;;0.6908;;addressing a huge gathering of bjp workers here on tuesday, modi sought to tar both ldf and udf with the same brush on a host of issues, ranging from sabarimala and gender justice to corruption and economic reservation.
;;0.0516;;modi arrived in the state capital on tuesday evening and inaugurated the 13-km long kollam bypass, a project that had been hanging fire for almost four decades since its conception in the early 70s, with both the state and central governments now seeking credit for its belated completion.
;;-0.8591;;reacting to modis reference to its shameful behaviour and the hatred it was spawning, the cpm said it was shameful that modi chose to attack the ldf government for implementing the supreme court verdict on sabarimala.
;;0.0;;modi should read the indian constitution which he is sworn to uphold, rather than manusmriti or rss oath!
;;0.0516;;and modi should stop giving lectures on culture and history.
;;0.5859;;the two-day dialogue, announced last summer when prime minister modi had a successful meeting with president trump at the white house , was tentatively scheduled for april 18-19.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi , who was called a dear friend of israel by netanyahu, accompanied his israeli counterpart to the event but did not speak, leaving the centre-stage for him.
;;0.296;;while netanyahu and his wife visited agra earlier in the day to see the taj mahal, modi was in barmer (rajasthan) and came back to join his guest for the showcase event.
;;0.0;;modi will receive the netanyahus in gujarat on wednesday, with a reception as they go to the sabarmati ashram.
;;0.4019;;lucknow: ramping up preparations for the 2019 general elections, bjp has summoned all the state presidents of its youth wing, bharatiya janata yuva morcha (bjym), for an interaction with prime minister modi and party president amit shah on thursday.
;;0.0772;;while the objective of the meet has not been disclosed, sources said that pm modi and shah want a direct ground level feedback of the prevailing sentiment and political situation in states and give instructions on wooing the young voters ahead of 2019 elections.
;;0.0;;sources said that bjym state presidents will interact with pm modi and shah in two different sessions on thursday.
;;0.2263;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday laid the foundation stone for developments projects worth rs 1,100 crore on his first trip to rae bareli, the traditional seat of the gandhi family.
;;-0.4019;;setting the tone for the 2019 general elections, pm modi underlined a range of programme introduced by bjp in rae bareli across health, housing and employment sectors criticising congress for not being able to deliver in a region that is considered to be its homeground.
;;0.3612;;after flagging-off the 900th coach and a humsafar rake of modern coach factory, pm modi targeted congress for delaying development work in rae bareli and assured that the factory will become a global manufacturer.
;;0.4215;;pm modi added that while the earlier government said 5,000 employees will be hired for work in the factory, only half of these recruitments were approved.
;;0.0;;other than the rail coach factory, pm modi speaking about the aiims branch that is due to come up in rae bareli said that the work on building a medical college and hospital is on fast track.
;;-0.6908;;chief priest of ramjanmabhoomi temple, acharya satendra das, also accused modi and bjp of betraying hindus on the issue.
;;0.0;;tumakuru: a day after bjp swept the polls in tripura and bettered its performance in nagaland , prime minister modi on sunday claimed that the partys performance in north-east has integrated the country while lauding the power of youth.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis was one of those who pushed for the proposal with prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had on february 15 flagged off the semi-high speed train from new delhi railway station.
;;0.0;;shah also drew attention to prime minister modi 's ' act east policy '.
;;0.0;;gujarat is a state ruled by prime minister modi for over a decade.
;;-0.2263;;meanwhile, the union has written separate letters to prime minister modi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath demanding action against right-wing activists for tarnishing the reputation of the educational institution by engineering the controversy over the removal of jinnahs portrait.
;;0.0;;jalandhar: prime minister modi has a date with three nobel laureates at a private university in jalandhar on january 3.
;;0.9769;;the three nobel winning scientists who will be part of this discussion with modi are avram hershko, winner of 2004 nobel prize for chemistry; f duncan m haldane, winner of 2016 nobel prize for physics; and thomas christian sdhof, winner of 2013 nobel prize for medicine.
;;0.0;;modi to take driverless busthe first prototype of the solar-powered driverless bus, designed and made by the students of the private university, will ferry the pm to the venue.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi will showcase the new goods and services tax (gst) during his summer tour of high-power diplomacy that will take him across germany , russia and the us over the next two months, leading up to the g-20 high table in july.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will begin his tours with a trip to germany, spain and russia from may 29 to june 3.
;;0.5719;;in russia, modi will be the guest of honour at the prestigious st petersburg international economic forum (spief), a russian-led economic platform that.
;;0.4404;;dubbed the davos of eurasia, the forum will see modi and russian president vladimir putin jointly address a large audience of over 5,000 influential political leaders, economists and business heads.
;;0.4404;;the us visit in june, a source said, is aimed at allowing modi and trump to get to know each other better.
;;-0.5994;;as a part of the stir they will stage a sit-in and hold a public meeting in front of police stations to expose the failure of police and will also obstruct prime minister modi 's movement in his parliamentary constituency during his next visit.
;;-0.8001;;they said that as the people in the pms constituency are living in fearful atmosphere due to the failure of police they would not allow modi to move on city roads during his next varanasi visit.
;;0.0;;he said, if needed, he would take up the issue with prime minister modi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.836;;washington: india and the united states have pledged to continue their strong bilateral strategic partnership, the pentagon said after a meeting between prime minister modi and us defence secretary jim mattis mattis met the prime minister on the sidelines of the international institute for strategic studies' 17th asia security summit - also known as the shangri-la dialogue - in singapore on saturday.
;;0.0;;unshackling of jammu and kashmirnew delhi: one of the biggest decisions taken by prime minister modi in the first 75 days of his government is undoubtedly the.
;;0.6808;;unflinchingly, as his wont and style, pm modi responded unequivocally, please see the list of people who have opposed the decisions about kashmir - the usual vested interest groups, political dynasties, those who sympathise with terror and some friends in the opposition.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said that india and russia need to take advantage of the low production cost in india to produce military equipment under joint venture framework at cheaper rates for the third-world nations.
;;0.4404;;modi expressed hope that his meeting with russian president vladimir putin on the sidelines of the eastern economic forum will give a new impetus to bilateral ties between the two countries.
;;0.4939;;this new focus to fulfil the basic demands of the local people in a timebound manner comes after prime minister modi in his mann ki baat address this july praised the j&k administrations back to village programme.
;;0.886;;while hailing congress president rahul gandhi for giving a good fight to the bjp, which has won six consecutive elections in the state, urdu dailies mostly credited prime minister modi modis use of polarising statements during the aggressive campaign, and not vikas, as a plank to woo voters.
;;0.6918;;a leading urdu daily, inquilab, said the victory in gujarat was less than satisfactory for pm modi and the bjp as his party had just about managed to form government, ceding space to not just the rahul gandhi-led congress but also to young leaders like hardik patel, jignesh mewani and alpesh thakor.
;;0.0772;;the papers editorial concluded that modi was now seeing the young gandhi as a leader who can challenge him.
;;0.128;;then urdu daily taasir credited the gujarat victory to modi and modi alone.
;;0.3818;;pm modi and bjp president amit shah left no stone unturned to win the gujarat elections.
;;0.0;;he also lauded rahul gandhi, who has emerged as an able competitor to modi.
;;-0.5859;;adhir ranjan chowdhury (pti photo)new delhi: congress leader adhir ranjan chowdhury stoked a controversy on monday with an objectionable remark against prime minister modi in the lok sabha , with the bjp launching a scathing attack on him and his party, saying this arrogance will finish them.
;;-0.3612;;speaking during the debate in the lok sabha on the 'motion of thanks' to the president's address, chowdhury said he made the comment in response to some bjp leader's comparison of modi with swami vivekananda which provoked and angered him.
;;-0.8227;;the congress leader from west bengal later told reporters that his hindi was not good and he was misunderstood as he made the analogy after he got provoked and enraged by the bjp for comparing modi with swami vivekananda.
;;-0.7351;;i got enraged when bjp member tried to humiliate swami vivekananda by comparing him with modi modi.
;;-0.5574;;sources said, the action was in line with prime minister modi 's address to the nation from the ramparts of red fort when he said some black sheep in the tax administration may have misused their powers and harassed taxpayers, either by targeting honest assesses or by taking excessive action for minor or procedural violations.
;;0.6369;;in his 15-minute address at naga heritage village, kisama, singh, who is visiting nagaland for the first time as the home minister, said the government of india, under the leadership of prime minister modi , is trying to do its best to fulfil the aspirations of the naga people.
;;0.0;;later, madhav had told a gathering of indian-americans here that the india-us relationship was scaling new heights as strategic partners under prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.0772;;new delhi: leading a united opposition charge against the home ministry's directive empowering central agencies to monitor all computers and phones, congress president rahul gandhi said the government's blanket surveillance order had exposed prime minister modi as an insecure dictator.
;;-0.5994;;ehsan jafris widow, zakia, moved a petition before the apex court, which is pending, against prime minister modi being exonerated in a case relating to the alleged larger conspiracy behind the 2002 gujarat riots.
;;0.0;;jaitley, a lawyer by profession, had been a key member of prime minister modi modi's cabinet in the bjp government's first term.
;;0.5965;;kpycc president basangouda patil badarali claims the siddaramaiah government has done much more to create jobs than modi has promised.
;;0.4215;;(file photo)mumbai: amid reports that maharashtra's ruling bjp and shiv sena are hardening their positions on sharing of seats to contest the assembly polls, sena chief uddhav thackeray on saturday said, in the presence of prime minister modi , that the saffron alliance is inevitable and it will return to power once again.
;;0.765;;speaking at a function here, thackeray lavished praise on modi for nullifying article 370, and gave a call for construction of grand ram temple in ayodhya and introduction of uniform civil code.
;;0.4215;;pm modi has provided leadership and direction to the country which has immense capacity to progress and develop.
;;0.6808;;i thanked modi for abrogating article 370 (which provided special status of jammu and kashmir) and the 'chandrayaan-2' mission.
;;0.0;;modi has proved this in deed and not just in words, he added.
;;0.0;;india has immense capacity, and in modi , the country has got a leadership to give (right) direction, he said.
;;0.5719;;i am glad that pm modi is providing facilities for growing population in the state, he said.
;;0.0772;;earlier in the day, modi gave a long and tight hug to an emotional isro chief k sivan, who was in tears, after 'chandrayaan-2's lander vikram's unsuccessful bid to soft-land on the moon.
;;0.5423;;habib said, now, the only special status that kashmiris will have is that they would have no rights, no freedom and everything will be controlled by prime minister modi .
;;0.0129;;prime minister modi pledged to electrify every home, a promise that helped in his re-election this year but one that could prove costly for state utilities unless businesses purchase more electricity.
;;0.0;;vijayawada: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu along with union civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju tried out a a sea plane on river krishna on wednesday, a day after prime minister modi achieved a similar feat.
;;0.4019;;(ap)new delhi: west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee on tuesday declined an invitation by the parliamentary affairs minister for a meeting of chiefs of all parties with prime minister modi scheduled for wednesday on the issue of 'one nation, one election'.
;;0.4019;;modi has invited heads of political parties for a meeting on june 19 to discuss several issues, including the one nation, one election idea, the celebration of 75 years of independence in 2022 and the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi this year.
;;-0.296;;banerjee, who had skipped a niti aayog meeting last saturday and also stayed away from the swearing-in ceremony of prime minister modi on may 30, had called the niti aayog meeting fruitless, as it had no financial implications for the states.
;;0.4215;;co/bbp432g4nt  shashi tharoor (@shashitharoor) 1563817293000washington: a furore erupted on monday as us president donald trump offering to mediate in the kashmir issue, claiming that prime minister modi has asked him to help in the matter.
;;-0.296;;the ministry of external affairs issued a late-night denial, saying, no such request has been made by pm modi to the us president.
;;-0.6124;;by then, cpm's sitaram yechury had dared modi to rebut trump, while congress's randeep surjewala accused the pm of a sacrilegious betrayal of the country's interests and asked him to answer to the nation.
;;0.3612;;us president donald trump claimed on monday that he was with pm modi two weeks ago and the indian prime minister asked him if he (trump) would like to be a mediator or arbitrator.
;;0.0258;;in fact, when the chinese president xi jinping offered to be a facilitator during his talks with modi at the sco summit in june, modi firmly rebuffed him by asserting it was a bilateral matter.
;;0.5106;;sources also said the bjp was trying to coordinate and see if prime minister modi was free to travel to goa for the inauguration of the bridge.
;;0.3818;;vladivostok: prime minister modi on thursday said india will walk shoulder-to-shoulder with russia in its development of the far east and announced a $1 billion line of credit for the development of the resource-rich region.
;;0.3699;;addressing the plenary session of the 5th eastern economic forum here, prime minister modi said the friendship between india and russia was not restricted to governmental interactions in capital cities, but was about people and close business relations.
;;0.7845;;modi appreciated the vision of putin for the welfare for russia's far east, saying the president has opened up investment opportunities for india in the region.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi also emphasised on india's commitment to become a five trillion dollar economy by 2024.
;;0.0;;modi, who arrived in russia on a two-day visit on wednesday, is the first indian prime minister to visit to the russian far east region.
;;0.2023;;along with his tweet, rathore also posted a video of himself where he talks about the significance of fitness as stressed by prime minister modi , before goes down to do ten push-ups.
;;0.4939;;whenever i see prime minister modi , i get inspired by him.
;;0.0;;read moreread full article:new delhi: prime minister modi on monday asked people to make yoga an integral part of their lives and urged them to take part in the international yoga day celebrations on june 21.
;;0.3818;;pm modi added that yoga also helps bring families together.
;;0.0;;the prime minister has been regularly tweeting asana videos since june 5 in the run-up to the international yoga day, which was started after modi , in 2014, suggested it in his speech at the un general assembly.
;;0.0;;lt commander ambika sudhakaran at the head of the indian navy contingentflying officer ragi ramachandran leads the indian air force squadprime minister modi walks down rajpath, waving to the crowd having seen off the chief guest, south african president cyril ramaphosa, and president ram nath kovindmajor khushboo kanwar of the all-women assam rifles unitdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi wearing yellow and orange safa arrived at rajpath in usual fervour.
;;0.4404;;modi also walked up to and greeted former prime minister manmohan singh tears flowed among the family members of lance naik nazir ahmed wani as the ashok chakra, awarded posthumously, was collected by his wife and mother.
;;0.3818;;after the event, prime minister modi , as usual, strode along rajpath greeting the children and youngsters lined up along the barricades and waving out to the others.
;;0.2493;;the aircraft suddenly tilted heavily +hugs not good enough for us visas, tweets rahul in jibe at modi congress president rahul gandhi on thursday described the proposed us visa rules as a huge setback for india, and in a jibe at prime minister modi said there were some things a hug can buy, but for visas you're on your own.
;;0.0;;congress sources said prime minister modi called up rahul gandhi to enquire about the incident.
;;-0.5106;;the union government under prime minister modi has failed in all fronts.
;;0.0;;khandre added that during the ndus tenure under modi , youths became jobless due to demonetization.
;;0.4019;;i requested the home minister to prevail upon prime minister modi to soften his heart on the special status to the state.
;;0.8885;;prime minister modi being enthusiastically welcomed by the indian community, in manama, bahrain (pti)in a kind and humanitarian gesture, the government of bahrain has pardoned 250 indians serving sentences in bahrain https://t.
;;0.2732;;co/qtb2opcxmt  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566712521000manama (bahrain): in an humanitarian gesture, the bahrain government on sunday pardoned 250 indians serving sentences in the gulf nation during the maiden visit of prime minister modi to the oil-rich country.
;;0.6124;;in that letter deshmukh had asked fadnavis to use his good offices with prime minister modi and bjp preisdent amit shah to hasten creation of separate vidarbha state.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 13, 2018prime minister modi (afp photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;new delhi: a review of india-asean ties, participation in east asia and rcep summits and a meeting with us vice-president mike pence will be among the highlights of prime minister modi 's two-day visit to singapore starting wednesday.
;;0.4215;;the government said in a statement that modi will attend the rcep summit to review the progress made on the ongoing negotiations to finalise rcep.
;;0.0;;modi will also deliver the keynote address at the singapore fintech summit, said mea secretary (east) vijay thakur singh.
;;0.0;;modi will also hold a bilateral meeting with pence on november 14, officials said.
;;0.0;;asked if there will be a meeting between modi and chinese premier li keqiang on the sidelines of the summits, she said the details of the bilateral meetings were still being worked out.
;;0.34;;dibrugarh: security has been beefed up in the two upper assam districts of dibrugarh and dhemaji on the eve of prime minister modi modis visit to inaugurate the bogibeel bridge the pm will first land at the dibrugarh airport at 1.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister modi would visit motihari on april 10 to preside over a swachh bharat mission (sbm) gramin programme.
;;-0.501;;new delhi: congress on tuesday accused the modi government of hiding behind the colossal veil of corruption (cvc) and not acting on complaints against central vigilance commissioner k v chowdary, against whom charges of graft had been levelled.
;;-0.4019;;congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said the department of personnel and training headed by prime minister modi abdicated its constitutional responsibility by not acting on two complaints against chowdary.
;;-0.4767;;we want to ask pm modi , why is there no action against the cvc on the complaint, singhvi said.
;;-0.5994;;the modi government has said that there are presently no guidelines to handle complaints of corruption and other misconduct against chief vigilance commissioner/vigilance commissioners are in place, in response to an rti query filed by whistleblower indian forest service officer sanjiv chaturvedi.
;;-0.1585;;pm modi , who was so eloquently giving gyaan to youngsters on pariksha on tuesday has failed himself and has scored a 0/10 in his pariksha to govern this country singhvi alleged.
;;-0.9081;;rajkot: former prime minister manmohan singh on thursday attacked prime minister modi on the issue of demonetisation calling it a disastrous move for the economy and demanded that all documents and files related to the note ban be made public and made available for scrutiny of parliamentary committee.
;;-0.7964;;he also criticised modi governments policy on jammu & kashmir, terming it as a total failure that has offended its people.
;;0.0;;on modis claim during his poll campaigns that the former pm never gave him time to discuss narmada dam issue, singh said modi , when he was chief minister of gujarat, never approached him.
;;0.0;;singh had earlier too clarified that modi had never sought his time over narmada dam issue.
;;-0.4767;;however, modi has been claiming in his public address that singh may have forgotten about him due to old age or was under pressure from congress.
;;-0.6377;;he further criticised modi governments foreign policy saying there were instances where steps taken by the centre were not necessarily useful for the country.
;;0.7351;;they said that while prime minister modi was working hard to help the richest of the rich in the corporate world, rahul was thinking of welfare of the poor and farmers.
;;0.2732;;stating that modi had waived off rs 3 lakh crore debts of top 15 corporates, patole said it was unfortunate that modi was not willing to come to the rescue of farmers by waiving off crop loans.
;;0.0;;a wave against modi has started ahead of the lok sabha polls, he said.
;;-0.1027;;noida: hundreds of homebuyers , whose apartments were delayed by builders like jaypee amrapali and unitech , held a silent protest even as prime minister modi inaugurated the magenta line of the delhi metro.
;;0.128;;prime minister modi on sunday launched the rs 75,000-crore pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi (pm-kisan) scheme in gorakhpur, uttar pradesh, by transferring the first instalment of rs 2,000 each to over one crore farmers.
;;0.0;;prime minister jugnauth was received by prime minister modi in the forecourt of the official presidential residence.
;;0.6486;;thereafter, he inspected a tri-services guard of honour and then proceeded to the tented receptorium where he was introduced to members of the prime minister modi's cabinet and other dignitaries.
;;0.0;;he also introduced prime minister modi to his delegation.
;;0.3612;;speaking to the media after the ceremonial reception, prime minister jugnauth said, firstly, let me thank pm modi for invitation extended to me.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra ranked eighth in responding to prime minister modi modis appeal to give up lpg subsidy.
;;-0.101;;in march 2015, modi had appealed to well-to-do sections to voluntarily give up the lpg subsidy, saying this would enable the government to benefit more poor.
;;-0.2748;;his address was more focused on boasting of achievements made by the delhi government and attacking prime minister modi over ousted cbi director alok verma, the controversial rafale deal, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojna and on recalling modis unfulfilled promises.
;;0.6908;;reacting on the ongoing controversy in cbi, kejriwal shared his partys stand that verma is an honest officer and was about to file an fir against modi on the day he was removed for his role in rafale deal.
;;0.7506;;in his address to the nation, prime minister modi hailed isro's scientists saying that they live for the country and irrespective of setbacks, the country's resolve to reach the moon has strengthened more.
;;0.0;;guterres met prime minister modi on the sidelines of the g7 summit last month in biarritz, france and has also spoken to pakistan's foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi, un chief's spokesperson stephane dujarric said at a daily press briefing here on tuesday.
;;0.0;;dujarric was responding to a question on whether guterres plans to mediate between india and pakistan on kashmir during the un general assembly session later this month which would be attended by both modi and pakistan prime minister imran khan you know, the position .
;;0.7184;;new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi said prime minister modi should know that he would not be able to win the trust of dalits no matter how many ambedkar statues he garlands because of his regressive mindset about the community.
;;0.4019;;modi is only interested in modi , in how he can become the prime minister, he said.
;;0.0;;rahul said pm modi was afraid of facing parliament because of glaring instances of corruption and malgovernance.
;;0.0;;let me speak for 15 minutes on rafale, nirav modi , modi , and modi will not be able to stand there, the congress leader said.
;;0.6597;;chennai: aiadmk rajya sabha member and senior party leader v maitreyan will be leading the celebrations of former j jayalalithaa 's 70th birthday, organised by aiadmk party workers from uttar pradesh , in varanasi, the lok sabha constituency of prime minister modi , on saturday.
;;-0.3612;;on sunday, chief minister modi , while inaugurating the sand stone murals along the boundary wall of kankaria lake, called upon historians from the city to spend at least two hours at the site to point out mistakes.
;;0.6369;;modi also referred to the recent survey by toi survey which ranked ahmedabad as the best city to live in.
;;0.6908;;modi who walked down the lake also spent some time standing on the bank enjoying the cool breeze.
;;0.0;;madurai: four hashtags -- #gobackmodi, #gobacksadistmodi, #maduraithanksmodi and #tnwelcomesmodiare trending on twitter on sunday morning ahead of prime minister modi modis visit to madurai .
;;0.0;;modi is coming here to lay the foundation stone of all india institutes of medical sciences ( aiims ).
;;-0.5994;;some organisations are planning to show black flags to modi during his visit here to protest 10  quota for economically weaker sections in the general category.
;;-0.6249;;patole had quit the lok sabha to protest against prime minister modi and now the people of bhandara-gondia have defeated the bjp nominee.
;;0.2732;;people have accepted the stand taken by patole against modi , he said.
;;0.6369;;lucknow: up chief minister yogi adityanath on sunday credited the bjp's historic performance in north eastern states to development-oriented policies of prime minister modi and organisational skills of amit shah and said the day is not far when one party will be in power right from kashmir to kanyakumari.
;;0.4019;;the up chief minister, who had campaigned for the saffron party in these assembly elections, said prime minister modi modi's development oriented policies and organisational skills of bjp president amit shah led to his party's sterling performance.
;;0.0;;puducherry: the opposition aiadmk has sought prime minister modi to take appropriate steps to end the 'deadlock' between the lt governor kiran bedi and council of ministers of union territory of puducherry.
;;-0.6808;;in a memorandum submitted to modi during his visit, the four aiadmk mlas said 'hatred and disharmony prevailing between the lg and council of ministers' had paralyzed the administration and the 'interest and welfare of people has become the casualty.
;;0.0516;;they requested modi to take appropriate steps to end the deadlock and ensure smooth functioning of the administration.
;;0.0;;they urged modi to review the funding pattern of centrally-sponsored schemes.
;;0.885;;insisting modi to constitute cauvery management board without any delay as per the order of supreme court, they urged him to expedite the karaikal-peralam-thirunallar railway project, which was approved by the union government as early as 2003, for the benefit of the pilgrims visiting the region.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is scheduled to address a rally in silchar on friday and it remains to be seen if he refers to the issue.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was chief minister of the state then.
;;0.0;;this even as prime minister modi has been talking about sabka saath, sabka vikas.
;;0.0;;jd(s) leader h d kumaraswamy sought to know from prime minister modi when 'kannada diwas' would be organised across the country.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: prime minister modi will be in the city to witness live, chandrayaan-2 's landing module ' vikram ' trying to pull off a historic soft-landing on the lunar surface in the early hours of saturday.
;;-0.0516;;prime minister modi will arrive in bengaluru on september 6 and will view the chandrayaan landing during the wee hours on september 7 at isro telemetry, tracking and command network (istrac) near peenya, and will leave for mumbai on the same day, karnataka government's official release said.
;;0.0;;around 60- 70 students from across the country will be watching live india's proposed soft landing on the moon in the early hours of saturday, along with prime minister modi , isro has said.
;;-0.4404;;insisting that the enormity of flood-related damages in the state warranted maximum aid from the centre, karnataka chief minsiter b s yediyurappa had recently said, he would apprise the situation to prime minister modi during his bengaluru visit on september seven.
;;-0.8462;;pm modi speaking in rs (rstv/pti photo)new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday said the lynching of a young man by a mob in jharkhand had pained him but said it was unfair to blame the entire state for it.
;;0.4215;;referring to prime minister modi and former president apj abdul kalam , he said if a tea stall vendor can become a prime minister and a son from a fishing community can become the president of the country, why are the doors of the supreme court shut to aspiring judges from marginalized communities.
;;0.0;;the up government said in astatement that it was working on the principle of sabka saath sabka vikas laid down by prime minister modi , besides keeping deen dayal upadhyays idea of inclusiveness and humanism at the centre of all development projects.
;;0.3612;;the cm had arrived in greater noida to oversee preparations for prime minister modi modis visit to inaugurate petrotech 2019 on monday.
;;0.3182;;referring to his recent conversation with prime minister modi , he said the fantastic man informed him that india has reduced tariffs on imported motorcycles, but the us was getting nothing.
;;0.3818;;former chief minister j jayalalithaa had dispatched a letter to prime minister modi , seeking his intervention to ensure that the centre speedily set up the facility.
;;0.6124;;in jayalalithaa's letter to modi in february 2016, she requested that the prime minister directed the officials concerned to act with urgency to set up the aiims campus in tamil nadu so people of the state could benefit from an advanced medical facility and have access to state-of-the-art medical facilities and healthcare.
;;0.8271;;however, now i am hopeful that the process would be put on the right path and fast-tracked as there is a strong and committed government under prime minister modi that can act against all wrongdoers decisively, shah said.
;;0.5719;;(ani photo)paris: prime minister modi on thursday arrived in france on the first leg of his three-nation tour during which he will have a summit interaction with president emmanuel macron to further boost the bilateral comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was received by the minister for europe and foreign affairs jean-yves le drian at the airport here.
;;0.0;;during his two-day visit, modi will also meet his french counterpart edouard philippe and interact with the indian community.
;;0.4215;;from france, modi will travel to the united arab emirates on friday where he would receive the 'order of zayed', the highest civilian decoration conferred by the uae government.
;;0.0;;modi will then visit bahrain where he will hold talks with king shaikh hamad bin isa al khalifa and also witness the formal beginning of the re-development of the temple of shreenathji - the oldest in the gulf region before returning to france on sunday to attend the g7 summit meetings.
;;0.4019;;it (hcmtr) will help infuse a new life into the existing integrated transport system as it will connect to metro and the ring road, the chief minister said after the foundation laying ceremony of the third metro line by prime minister modi on tuesday.
;;-0.4594;;though we are very much in the aiadmk alliance, most of our people did not like the idea of chief minister jayalaithaa sending two emissaries to express solidarity during gujarat chief minister modi modi's recent fast, and this has made our people very unhappy, said tmmk's district secretary a abdul hakkim on tuesday.
;;0.0;;two years ago, nirmal had also invited prime minister modi to the mahasabha headquarters.
;;0.4939;;a framework agreement between the centre and the nscn(im) was signed on august 3, 2015, in presence of prime minister modi apart from the nscn(m), six other naga nationalist political groups (nnpgs) have joined the dialogue last year.
;;0.4019;;mehbooba mufti (file photo)srinagar: former jammu & kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti on friday appealed to prime minister modi not to tinker with the state's special status.
;;0.4019;;i appeal to prime minister modi not to tinker with jammu and kashmir's special status, she said.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: bjp president amit shah on thursday termed prime minister modi modis speech in parliament powerful while union minister arun jaitley said the pms reply demolished the false narrative and slogans of opposition parties.
;;0.7003;;powerful speech by pm modi modiji, shah tweeted soon after modi completed his speech in lok sabha jaitley threw a challenge to the opposition parties, including congress, to counter the data in the pms speech.
;;0.4019;;he could have spoken to prime minister modi and convinced him on the necessity for cauvery management board.
;;0.6249;;london: prime minister modi 's visit to the uk for the commonwealth heads of government meeting ( chogm ) this week will mark india's enhanced engagement with the multilateral organisation, including increased financial and other contributions.
;;0.0;;the indian government has said that prime minister modi's attendance at the summit, from april 18 to 20, symbolises the country's wider efforts to step up its role across global forums.
;;0.0;;according to senior officials, prime minister modi's decision to attend the summit was also influenced by a very personal letter addressed to him by queen elizabeth ii, the head of the commonwealth.
;;0.0;;modi arrives in the uk on tuesday night and will embark upon a packed day of bilateral meetings on wednesday before a chogm dinner hosted by british prime minister theresa may at sky garden in london on wednesday night.
;;0.4215;;mysurus young yoga exponent kushi h recently got the opportunity to meet prime minister modi in new delhi, during which she put on a presentation to consider yoga a sport.
;;0.0;;chennai: prime minister modi is likely to inaugurate the chennai-madurai tejas express on march 1, southern railway officials told toi on tuesday.
;;0.6597;;gandhinagar: the new bharatiya janata party government led by vijay rupani and his deputy nitin patel will take the oath of secrecy today in presence of prime minister modi and party chief amit shah at the new secretariat.
;;0.0;;after the ceremony, rupani will host a lunch for modi and other high-profile guests at the mahatma mandir.
;;-0.128;;sources said the committee is a follow up of the october 12 meeting called by prime minister modi to review domestic production profile of oil and gas and the roadmap for cutting import dependence by 10 per cent by 2022.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi meets sooronbay jeenbekov, president of kyrgyz republic at the ala archa preside.
;;0.5994;;prime minister modi graced the occasion and gave away cash prizes to the participants.
;;0.5574;;file photomumbai: former congress mp milind deora has heaped praise on prime minister modi for the latter's houston event, where us president donald trump was present.
;;0.4767;;donald trump's hospitality and recognition of indian americans' contributions make us proud, milind deora tweeted after the howdy, modi event.
;;0.891;;responding to the tweet, modi on monday recalled his friendship with former congress leader murli deora , adding the commitment of milind's late father had made ties with the united states strong.
;;0.296;;sardesai also said the bjp should pursue the matter with prime minister modi the ball is in bjp court, they have to get it solved.
;;0.0;;earlier, netaji subhash chandra bose 's grandnephew, chandra kumar bose, in an open letter, had asked prime minister modi to announce the former's birth anniversary as 'patriots day' or 'deshprem diwas'.
;;0.6705;;the bjp relied on a development agenda and gujarati pride to woo voters in prime minister modi modi's home state.
;;-0.7506;;new delhi: the war of words over rafale intensified on tuesday with congress chief rahul gandhi accusing prime minister modi of treason and of violating the official secrets act by leaking information related to india's national security to capitalist friend anil ambani rahul on tuesday released an email dated march 28, 2015, purportedly written by airbus executive nicolas chamussy to three recipients with the subject line ambani.
;;0.0;;narendra modi is doing what spies do.
;;-0.7964;;even as bjp attacked gandhi and called him a lying machine for accusing modi , law minister ravi shankar prasad asserted that the email referred to a chopper deal and not the rafale purchase.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 6, 2018prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0258;;jaipur: sharpening his attack on senior congress leaders including sonia and rahul gandhi over corruption, prime minister modi on wednesday claimed it was the courage of a chaiwala that brought those ruling the country for four generations to the doors of the court.
;;0.0;;dont know where and how far it will go, said modi.
;;-0.0772;;meanwhile, the congress and the left parties on monday termed the gujarat election results as moral defeat for prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4939;;ap congress president n raghuveera reddy said the congress could restrict the bjps victory to a double digit, which shows the falling image of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4019;;he said modi had campaigned heavily, ignoring the the rest of the nation.
;;0.4404;;washington: the white house has given a thumbs up to last week's meeting between prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping , saying it was a good thing that the world leaders were getting along.
;;0.7579;;after their informal summit meeting in china for two days, modi and xi agreed to improve communication over military and security matters.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, cpm state secretary modi said pm modi could not even guard the lives of soldiers.
;;-0.7506;;the constable suresh vats (48) was killed on saturday when protesters hurled stones at vehicles returning from the venue of a public meeting addressed by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.743;;this story is from october 21, 2018new delhi: in a veiled attack on the nehru-gandhi family, prime minister modi said sunday that to keep one family above the rest, efforts were made to forget the contributions leaders such as sardar vallabhbhai patel , bhim rao ambedkar and subhash chandra bose made in the independence struggle.
;;-0.34;;modi lamented that post independence, india's policies were based on the british system as things were seen through british glasses.
;;0.1027;;once my application was cleared, i quickly booked a ticket, said desai, who was at the bandra-kurla complex grounds on friday to hear prime minister modi speak.
;;0.7184;;prime minister modi on saturday said isro scientists, despite the hurdle faced on friday night, would soon ensure that india reaches the moon successfully in near future.
;;-0.296;;i can't and thus get no space, said modi , a loader, who lives near a posh city hotel.
;;0.6249;;panaji: goa pradesh congress committee (gpcc) president girish chodankar said that it will be a great achievement if union ayush minister and north goa mp shripad naik manages even an appointment with prime minister modi for mining dependants to discuss the issue of restarting mining activities in the state.
;;0.0;;he also said that the video conferencing with modi , scheduled to be held in panjim, will reveal whether the prime minister even knows naik as during the similar event in south goa, modi sawaikar had to introduce himself to the pm.
;;0.0;;as soon as yediyurappa gets the green signal, the date for the cabinet expansion will be decided, he addedearlier in the day, yediyurappa met prime minister modi and sought early nod for the proposed rs 5,912-crore reservoir in mekedatu on the cauvery river.
;;0.0;;pm modi and iranian president rouhani (file photo)bishkek: prime minister modi on friday could not hold a bilateral meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani on the sidelines of the sco summit here due to scheduling issues, official sources said.
;;0.0;;according to a schedule put out by the external affairs ministry, modi was to meet rouhani at 3:35 pm (local time).
;;0.0;;modi arrived here thursday on a two-day visit to attend the annual summit of the sco.
;;0.0;;he held bilateral meetings with chinese president xi jinping , russian president vladimir putin and afghan president ashraf ghani it was expected that modi and rouhani would discuss a range of issues including the us sanctions on import of iranian oil and implementation of the chabahar port project.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi visited tehran in may 2016 with an aim to craft a strategic relationship with iran and expand india's ties with the west asia.
;;0.5994;;new delhi: how did bear grylls converse with prime minister modi in the special episode of ' man vs wild ' when the famed adventurer and survivalist does not understand hindi?
;;0.0;;pm modi revealed the secret on sunday in his monthly radio broadcast 'mann ki baat'.
;;0.3818;;walking through the wild and taking a ride on a cold river in a makeshift boat were some of the things that modi put up with as he teamed up with grylls to promote causes close to his heart  conservation of nature and cleanliness.
;;0.0;;ludhiana: irked by the alleged derogatory statement made by prime minister modi in london where he spoke about an alleged nexus between indian doctors and pharmaceutical companies, the doctors of the indian medical association (ima) ludhiana held a rally at ima house on tuesday.
;;-0.3182;;such was bavaliyas clout that bjp lost the 2017 election here despite prime minister modi addressing a massive public gathering.
;;0.128;;new delhi: prime minister modi unveiled a 12-point action plan on friday for micro small and medium enterprises (msmes)  including subsidised loans, higher procurement and easier labour and green rules  as he sought to address concerns of small businesses, many of whom have been critical of demonetisation and the goods and services tax.
;;0.0;;a ceremony has been planned at school of artillery at deolali near nashik in february, which is expected to be attended by prime minister modi , sources said.
;;0.0;;a ceremony has been planned at school of artillery deolali near nashik in february, which is expected to be attended by prime modi , said sources.
;;0.0;;the bjp is seeking votes in the name of pakistan , but it has not allowed prime minister modi to fly in its airspace.
;;0.2263;;thiruvananthapuram: with the cpm party congress deciding to follow a soft approach toward the congress party in its fight against the modi government, bjp state president kumanam rajasekharan here on saturday demanded that the cpm and the congress should field a joint candidate in the upcoming chengannur byelection.
;;0.0;;kodiyeri modi and ramesh chennithala should hold discussions in open.
;;-0.3182;;chandigarh: after eight years of delay, a 250-bed hospital in pgi would be inaugurated by prime minister modi next month.
;;-0.3182;;after eight years of delay, a 250-bedded hospital in pgi would be inaugurated by prime minister modi next month.
;;0.5574;;prahlad modi , the president of the gujarat fair price shop owners association, on monday was at the rally in the amraiwadi and hatkeshwar areas of the city along with hundreds of fair price shop owners.
;;-0.6124;;however, the government is not only turning a deaf ear to us but it has also instructed the concerned dsos (district supply officers) to cancel licences of all shop owners who have joined our protest, said modi , the brother of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;it is rs 200 in rajasthan and delhi, rs 220 in kerala, rs 150 in maharashtra and rs 230 in goa, added modi.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 31, 2018#watch: inauguration of sardar vallabhbhai patel's #statueofunity by pm modi in gujarat's kevadiya https://t.
;;0.0;;sadhu-bet island (gujarat) : prime minister modi inaugurated sardar vallabhbhai patels statue of unity on the occasion his 143rd birth anniversary on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;apart from prime minister modi , gujarat chief minister vijay rupani, madhya pradesh governor anandiben patel and bhartiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah were also present at the event.
;;-0.3612;;he termed the resolution about rajiv gandhi a suicidal move, because it has been moved at a time when talks are on to form a grand alliance against prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;earlier the state used to have fewer roads but now, under the leadership of prime minister modi , we have roads connecting the remote corners of the state, he added.
;;0.128;;co/va6nfg7fye  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1567668170000vladivostock: prime minister modi on thursday visited the india business pavilion here and launched an indo-russian online platform, to bridge the gap between indian and russian startup ecosystems.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi visited the pavilion, called 'india lounge' on the sidelines of the fifth meeting of the eastern economic forum (eef) here in the russian far east region.
;;0.0;;at the invitation of russian president vladimir putin , prime minister modi is the chief guest of the forum.
;;0.0;;modi, who arrived in russia on a two-day visit, is the first indian prime minister to visit to the russian far east region.
;;-0.4215;;but in varanasi, which witnessed a mega show of 'ganga darshan' by the french president emmanuel macron with the prime minister modi just four days back on march 12, it remained a low-key affair on the inaugural day as no major activities were seen on friday.
;;0.3818;;the cabinet meeting chaired by zoramthanga had adopted a resolution resolving to oppose the passage of the citizenship amendment bill and the chief minister had informed prime minister modi and union home minister rajnath singh that the state government and the people of mizoram were opposed to the legislation of the proposed amendment, sources said.
;;0.0;;file photo of prime minister modi with his japanese counterpart shinzo abe.
;;0.0;;(ap)osaka: prime minister modi is slated to meet his japanese counterpart shinzo abe in osaka, japan on thursday.
;;0.1027;;pm modi reached osaka to attend g-20 summit early this morning.
;;0.34;;upon his arrival, the indian diaspora welcomed pm modi at swissotel nankai hotel in osaka.
;;0.0;;, tweeted pm modi.
;;0.0;;modi will hold 10 bilateral meetings, including the ones with france, japan, indonesia, us, and turkey, on the sidelines of the g20 summit in japan.
;;-0.8176;;four civilians were killed and 11 others injured on friday in the jammu area due to the firing, which increased in the wake of prime minister modi modi's day-long visit to jammu and kashmir on may 19.
;;-0.1877;;trichy: prime minister modi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to urge him to set up the cauvery management board, said chief minister edappadi k palaniswami talking to reporters in the city on sunday, palaniswami said the pmo has not granted appointment for a delegation of all-party representatives and farmers even after a reminder of the request was sent.
;;0.5859;;he said a resolution was passed at an all-party meeting convened by aiadmk in february that representatives of all the political parties as well as those from farmers associations would personally meet prime minister modi and urge him to constitute the cauvery management board.
;;-0.6369;;the complainant also says that bapu once wrote a post on social media against prime minister modi in his written complaint to the police, saiyed stated that bapu was imposing the unwanted sharia.
;;0.6256;;the party also asked fadnavis not to be scared of prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah to declare this, adding that having shivajis statue taller than that of sardar patel wont diminish the iron mans prestige.
;;0.3412;;it said fadnavis should not be scared of prime minister modi and shah over the issue of the shivaji statues height.
;;-0.2382;;we explain development programmes initiated in the past five years without making any personal attacks, but bjp leaders including prime minister modi are making baseless allegations.
;;0.1779;;this story is from november 6, 2018hsiidc said minor work like cleaning and setting up boards is leftdownload the times of india news app for latest citygurugram: the inauguration of the 83-km kundli-manesar stretch of the kmp expressway by prime minister modi has been postponed by a week from its earlier date of november 10.
;;0.0;;union minister and gurugram mp rao inderjit singh said, pm modi will come to inaugurate the kmp expressway in the city.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 13, 2019pm modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4767;;patna: deputy chief minister modi on tuesday said patna metro rail project is likely to get central cabinets approval on thursday, following which prime minister modi will lay its foundation stone on february 17 during his visit to barauni in begusarai district.
;;-0.6249;;mumbai: world banks india chief junaid ahmed said, that beti kamao needs to be added to prime minister modi modis beti bachao, beti padhao programme as the country faces a crisis where women are dropping out of the workforce.
;;0.0;;previously, on november 25, 2016 maluka got embroiled in a controversy when he had an altercation with a policeman during prime minister modi modis visit to bathinda to lay the foundation stone of all india institute of medical sciences.
;;0.9001;;alona suresh, a second-year undergraduate student of mcc ( madras christian college ), who won the all india best cadet gold medal and director generals baton from the prime minister modi is just back to chennai after visiting her parents in oman.
;;0.886;;he said the bjp's landslide victory in the lok sabha election was a triumph of prime minister modi 's extraordinary popularity and credited the party workers for the victory.
;;0.4404;;after his re-election, nadda thanked prime minister modi , bjp national president amit shah and the state congress.
;;0.1531;;the likes of prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah had compared trs with congress and accused kcr of concentrating power in the family.
;;0.0;;on the related issue, mayor vishnu lahta said, we all have to work towards the goal of swachhta in the country, as dreamt by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.1786;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday urged the people to be more conscious about preventive healthcare because prevention was not only beneficial for a person but also for his or her family and the society.
;;0.5574;;the grand convention hall at mahatma mandir hosted pm modi and representatives from 56 african nations and experts from across the globe with the plush couches for the dignitaries.
;;-0.0772;;meeting the old acquaintancespm modi who was leaving the convention hall to meet african dignitaries on tuesday morning stopped for a while when he spotted nirmal kumar , iim-a alumnus and founder of g-auto, in the crowd and called upon him to chat.
;;-0.2263;;in chennai, stalin demanded that prime minister modi should intervene to end the controversy.
;;-0.6808;;winding up his high decibel poll campaign in karnataka on thursday, rahul, accompanied by all top congress leaders, interacted with the media here and responded to issues on rising incidents of crime against women, his visits to temples and personal attacks on siddaramaiah and him by prime minister modi , during the election campaign.
;;-0.5719;;modi has anger inside him.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who returned to office for a second term in may, has pledged to grow india to a $5 trillion economy by 2024, from $2.
;;0.3612;;panaji: goa governor mridula sinha on tuesday assured mining dependants that she would take up the issue of resumption with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi arrives in india on december 6.
;;0.3818;;new delhi: in the first ' pragati ' review meeting of his second term in office, prime minister modi reiterated on wednesday his government's commitment for the  housing for all by 2022  mission and urged bureaucrats to remove hurdles to achieve the objective.
;;-0.3612;;towards this end, modi also reviewed the resolution of public grievances related to the department of financial services.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi with us president donald trump.
;;0.7003;;(pti)osaka: donald trump had a productive discussion with prime minister modi on topics like iran, 5g and national security during their meeting here, the us president's daughter and top adviser ivanka trump has said as she described india as a critical trading partner, security partner and ally of america.
;;0.7579;;modi and trump met in the japanese port city of osaka on the sidelines of the g20 summit, the first since the indian prime minister led his bharatiya janata party to a landslide win in the general elections.
;;0.0;;in a video of ivanka tweeted by the white house on saturday, the final day of the g20 summit, she gave a brief summary of trump's separate bilateral meetings between her father and prime minister modi and japanese prime minister shinzo abe.
;;0.4939;;we are here at the g20 in osaka and prime minister modi and prime minister abe just concluded a meeting with the president talking about 5g technology, particularly with focus on its security implication, ivanka said about the meeting between the top leaders of japan-america-india here.
;;0.1027;;a one-on-one meeting between the president and prime minister modi where the same issues were covered, of course 5g, as well as trade relationship between the united states and india, a critical trading partner, a critical security partner and a critical ally, she said while commenting on the trump-modi meeting.
;;0.0;;modi himself tweeted that the topics discussed during his talks with president trump were wide-ranging.
;;0.0;;foreign secretary vijay gokhale told reporters that prime minister modi and president trump had a very open and productive meeting.
;;0.1027;;president trump congratulated prime minister modi on his victory and the two leaders discussed issues related to iran, to 5g, to trade and to defence relations.
;;0.7717;;on the issue of iran, modi outlined india's energy concerns as well its concerns regarding peace and stability in the persian gulf region.
;;0.6705;;he said prime minister modi underlined the importance of indo-us collaboration in the further development of 5g technology for mutual benefit.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi: with the tailwind of victory over bjp in the hindi heartland, congress president rahul gandhi resumed his campaign-style attack on prime minister modi by saying that there was a popular perception of his being corrupt, adding that the opposition would defeat bjp in 2019 elections.
;;0.7581;;addressing the media at the party headquarters, an elated rahul said the results were a clear message to the modi government that people were not happy with its performance and it was time for a change.
;;-0.4019;;rahul said modi had squandered the massive mandate of 2014 by refusing to listen to the heartbeat of the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and union home minister rajnath singh also expressed condolences.
;;0.8689;;new delhi: congress, bahujan samaj party, and aam aadmi party were among the eight political parties who skipped prime minister modi modis all party meeting to discuss the one-nation-one-election proposal on wednesday.
;;0.0;;mangaluru: prime minister modi on saturday gave a new name to congress , ppp, saying it will be reduced to punjab, puducherry and (gandhi) parivar after the karnataka election results.
;;-0.3182;;if it loses karnataka, it will just remain as ppp congress, modi added.
;;-0.1531;;meanwhile, hitting back at modi over his ppp jibe, karnataka cm siddaramaiah on saturday called bjp a prison, price rise and pakoda party.
;;-0.4215;;soon after notification, thousands of engineers, especially from undivided dakshina kannada district, did a campaign on twitter, where they appealed to peoples representatives and union ministers including prime minister modi , but got no response.
;;0.5994;;new delhi: prime minister modi called chinese president xi jinping to offer congratulations for his re-election and discussed efforts to enhance high-level exchanges and deepen bilateral cooperation.
;;0.8126;;state-run xinhua news agency reported modi as having told xi, that both countries are ancient civilisations with global influence, adding that india will work with china to enhance high-level exchanges, deepen bilateral ties, strengthen coordination and cooperation in international affairs to further a closer developmental partnership between the two countries and promote global and regional peace and development.
;;0.0;;xi briefed modi on the annual sessions of the npc and the cppcc.
;;-0.2023;;sources said the event has been postponed due to the visit of prime minister modi to tirupur on february 10.
;;0.34;;kolkata: the prestigious theatre olympics being hosted next year by the government of india has invited a play that is a veiled critique of prime minister modi .
;;-0.2411;;he hit out at prime minister modi for not granting him an appointment while choosing to meet rival aiadmk leader o panneerselvam.
;;0.8807;;new delhi: an advisory committee comprising members of indian olympic association (ioa), national sports federations (nsfs), government officials, private bodies and celebrated fitness enthusiasts has been formed to advise the government on the  fit india movement  which will be launched by prime minister modi on august 29.
;;-0.2263;;sukhbir also demanded a package for agriculture from prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5994;;while the bjp attacked the congress and asked it to explain ca's role in its social media outreach, the opposition party said it was the bjp which hired the services of the controversial firm during bihar and other state polls as well as for its 'mission 272-plus' campaigncongress president rahul gandhi recently claimed that prime minister modi modi's official mobile application works as a spying tool and dubbed him as the big boss who likes to spy on indians.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 27, 2019prime minister modi with bjp leaders, including state bjp chief tamilisai soundararajan, during a pub.
;;0.0;;madurai: prime minister modi laid the foundation stone for the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in madurai on sunday.
;;0.128;;new delhi: pakistan returned as a weapon in the gujarat election campaign again this time, when prime minister modi insinuated that congress party leaders, including former prime minister manmohan singh met pakistans former foreign minister khurshid kasuri and discussed the gujarat election campaign.
;;-0.1901;;no specifics were mentioned, but it resulted in singh throwing out a rare, stinging rebuke to modi , with a promise of further disruptions by congress in parliament during the winter session.
;;-0.1027;;in 2012, modi dashed off a letter to then prime minister manmohan singh on the eve of elections saying gujaratis were fearful for their safety if india planned to give sir creek to pakistan.
;;0.0;;just as in 2017, when modi alleged that congress leaders including manmohan singh had held secret talks with khurshid kasuri, a former pakistan foreign minister.
;;-0.7845;;jaipur: chief minister ashok gehlot on monday said prime minister modi has no right to speak on the alwar gang rape case as such cases were on the rise in bjp ruled states.
;;0.8595;;gehlot expressed confidence that bahujan samaj party (bsp) would continue to support his government despite being provoked by modi to the contrary.
;;-0.4588;;a day earlier, modi had dared bsp chief mayawati to withdraw support to gehlot-government, citing the dalit womans gang rape case in alwars thanagazi.
;;-0.8176;;the war of words between modi and mayawati over the gang rape case continued in the two leaders election rallies on monday as well.
;;-0.2382;;gehlot, while addressing a press conference at his residence here, said that mayawati, with her track record in protecting dalit rights, was justified in speaking on the alwar incident but modi had no such right.
;;-0.8126;;why is modi seeing only thanagazi, though here we have removed the district sp, suspended the sho, sent the entire police station staff to lines and arrested all accused?
;;0.5106;;referring to prime minister modi 's speech during the opening of the indian science congress, haldane said: pm modi wanted to encourage state universities.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi created huge momentum for india during his nepal visit.
;;-0.2263;;after the communal riots in 2002 after the torching of the sabarmati express at godhra railway station, gill was appointed security advisor to the then gujarat chief minister modi .
;;0.5106;;while chief minister edappadi k palaniswami praised prime minister modi for his bold efforts against terrorism, dmk chief m k stalin tweeted, proud of our #indianairforce pilots for their exceptional act of valor.
;;-0.6486;;modi was tasting success in rooting out terrorism, which was threatening the entire world, palaniswami said in a statement and lauded him on behalf of the people of tamil nadu.
;;0.7506;;we extend our greetings and thanks to the iaf, centre and prime minister modi for iafs befitting response to pakistan, dmdk chief vijayakant said in a statement.
;;0.0;;we have approached prime minister modi to inaugurate the summit.
;;0.5106;;for one, there is increased focus on transparency in the corporate sector, which went up further after prime minister modi spoke last july at an icai event and questioned their integrity.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi at an election rally in koderma on mondaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.1779;;bokaro: prime minister modi on monday said people who left their homes in jharkhand due to the terror of maoists years ago are returning home due the reassuring work on law and order and development done by the bjp government in the state and at the centre in the last five years.
;;-0.4404;;in a scathing attack on the congress-led mahagathbandhan of opposition parties, modi added: you all have faced the brunt of unstable governments.
;;0.5667;;modi will not tolerate terrorism .
;;-0.4404;;congress workers will burn the effigy of prime minister modi for increasing the financial burden on common man, said kachriyawas.
;;0.2023;;earlier, the union cabinet, headed by prime minister modi , had a hour-long meeting, where the top leadership is believed to have discussed issues concerning jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7184;;gowda assured the protesters that he will take their issue in parliament and, if needed, would also raise it with prime minister modi the union leaders are hoping to get their demands heard in parliaments winter session and if that doesnt happen, they are ready to intensify their protest in the capital as well in goa.
;;0.0;;modi, who had to interru-pt his speech, requested people to come down several tim-es before he ended his speech.
;;0.0;;while there were nearly 80,000 people on the ground and in nearby areas when the pm arrived, crowd started coming in hordes by the time modi started addressing the rally.
;;0.6597;;this even though the party has long insisted on its one-family-one-ticket rule and prime minister modi and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar have both targeted the congress, inld and other parties for dynastic politics.
;;0.0;;singapore: prime minister modi today visited hindu and buddhist temples and a mosque in chinatown here, demonstrating the age-old people-to-people contact between india and singapore.
;;0.0;;after the mosque, modi visited the buddha tooth relic temple and museum.
;;-0.4404;;times news networkchandigarh: punjab rural and urban development minister tript rajinder singh bajwa, on sunday, questioned prime minister modi claiming credit for the conviction of congress leader sajjan kumar in a case relating to the november 1984 anti-sikh violence in delhi.
;;-0.4019;;he slammed modi for misleading the nation saying that the conviction was the result of an sit constituted by his government, that had re-opened several cases from november 1984, which had been closed by investigators.
;;0.0;;the reforms that prime minister modi has brought over the last few years are nothing but a game changer.
;;-0.296;;questioning the decisions like demonetization and gst, sharma said after independence, the modi government has brought the maximum pain to the country and its people.
;;-0.6249;;interacting with media persons in shimla, he said the pakistan policy of the modi government has been a disaster and the prime minister owes an explanation about his decision to land in lahore on december 25, 2016.
;;-0.5106;;he also accused modi of distorting history just to mislead public during election time.
;;-0.296;;he said the modi government had claimed that demonetization was done to end corruption, black money and to check terror funding, but the results were just the opposite.
;;-0.296;;he said the modi government had promised to give two crore jobs every year, but the reality is that people have lost jobs after demonetization.
;;0.4404;;he said instead of celebrating four years of rule with massive propaganda and by spending crores of rupees to misguide people, modi government should tender an apology to the nation on this day.
;;-0.3612;;waterlogging and puddle on roads leading to the red fort, where prime minister modi will hoist the national flag on the 73rd independence day, caused inconvenience to visitors.
;;0.4404;;some visitors were also upset as a major attraction like the laser show in the evening remained closed from the second day after the inauguration by prime minister modi on october 31.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 30, 2018arvind kejriwal (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal on thursday hit out at prime minister modi and his government after the centre granted sanction to the cbi to prosecute health minister satyendar jain in a disproportionate assets case .
;;-0.7506;;the aap government has pointed out that despite the modi government having used all its might and agencies against the cm, ministers and aap mlas, it has miserably failed in proving even a single case in any court so far in the past four years.
;;-0.2023;;the modi government is trying to stall the regularisation of unauthorised colonies, he said.
;;0.0;;he said the 1998 resolution of the aicc conclave proves that it is an abiding congress plank which has been adopted by the bjp and pm modi.
;;0.3818;;though forever a national concern, the issue gained currency after modi mentioned it in his independence day speech this year.
;;0.6474;;referring to prime minister modi , who initiated the swachh bharat campaign, she said, i think thats a man doing everyday, normal life politics it might seem not-so-visionary, not up in the skies but its everyday politics and we need that to solve this sustainable development challenges because sanitation is an extremely important part.
;;0.1027;;the tweet was widely seen as a sneer at the yoga day celebrations conceived and promoted by prime minister modi , and raised many eyebrows, besides drawing fire from bjp.
;;-0.3818;;trump last week took a jibe at modi for funding a library in afghanistan, saying it is of no use in the war-torn country as he criticised india and others for not doing enough for the nation's security.
;;0.9199;;patna: deputy chief minister modi on friday pleaded for more support to games like kabaddi and khokho and said that sustained support given to games of foreign origin like cricket has led to the decline in popularity of sports of indigenous origin.
;;0.7845;;in fact, success of players depend on their physical strength, agility and skill, added modi.
;;0.0;;rai dubbed prime minister modi a sullendra (liar).
;;-0.8481;;bjps defeat in the 2019 lok sabha elections will be possible only if it is defeated in karnataka, said mevani, who called modi the number one thief in the country.
;;-0.7269;;questioning modis silence on heinous acts such as rape, mevani said, modi follows those who upload objectionable videos on the internet.
;;-0.4588;;on o'brien's remark that if the anti-bjp forces come together, they can defeat prime minister modi in the 2019 elections, moily said it's possible.
;;-0.4019;;coming down on prime minister modi , she said, his concern towards muslim women is a farce.
;;0.6098;;had there been an arrangement like triple talaq for modi , then even he may not have simply abandoned his wife.
;;0.4939;;on march 8, around 6,000 women had participated in the river cleaning drive which was praised by prime minister modi on mann ki baat.
;;0.2023;;he is followed by prime minister modi and several top bjp functionaries on twitter.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 27, 2018bihar deputy chief minister modi and others during the inaugurationdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.3818;;patna: deputy cm modi on wednesday urged the residents to visit eco park as the patna zoo will remain closed until further orders due to outbreak of bird flu .
;;0.4215;;modi inaugurated three new attractions  mig-21, cafeteria and water cascade.
;;0.7579;;the young scientist said that prime minister modi gave the group a free hand, and urged them to make a contribution to the army in any manner possible.
;;0.0;;joshi told reporters on the sidelines of the golden jubilee celebrations of dharampeth science college that he would not react to statement of prime minister modi on the temple issue in an interview as he had not heard the same.
;;-0.3535;;more so, there is no customs duty levied in other countries, especially bangladesh and sri lanka (on import of yarn to produce fabric and garments meant for exports), except in india, the minister said, pointing to the concerns raised by chief minister edappadi k palaniswami to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6249;;sehore: asserting that saving kashmir is their prime focus, senior congress leader digvijaya singh has appealed prime minister modi , union home minister amit shah and national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval to act thoughtfully or else kashmir will slip out of our hands.
;;0.4019;;i appeal to modi ji, amit shah ji and ajit doval ji to work thoughtfully otherwise kashmir will slip out of our hands.
;;0.6486;;he urged chief minister edappadi k palaniswami, who is in delhi, to meet prime minister modi , to take the issue with him and get a solution for the benefit of the students who were waiting for the examination, he added.
;;0.25;;after taking part in the human chain protest in the fort city as part of the state-wide protest on monday, durai murugan said that the black flag protests by dmk and its friendly parties against modi had a big impact on modis saga.
;;0.4215;;parmar said bjp will win more than 150 seats out of the total 182 in the recently held assembly elections in the state because of the good work done by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8176;;meanwhile, the industrial development department is taking special care to ensure that the suggestions given by prime minister modi during the inaugural event of the investors' summit are implemented at the earliest.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: a committee for giving time-bound suggestions on the issue of 'one nation, one election' will be set up by prime minister modi , defence minister rajnath singh announced on wednesday after a meeting of chiefs of political parties.
;;0.4019;;in a bid to build a consensus on holding simultaneous polls to the lok sabha and state assemblies, modi convened the meeting of presidents of all political parties for which 40 were invited.
;;0.3818;;singh said modi made it clear at the meeting that the simultaneous polls is not government's agenda and that it is the nation's agenda.
;;0.6908;;quoting modi , singh said he told presidents of the political parties that if there is any difference of opinion it is welcome.
;;0.4019;;modi had invited the heads of all political parties which have at least one member either in the lok sabha or the rajya sabha for the meeting to discuss several issues, including the one nation, one election idea, celebration of 75 years of independence in 2022 and the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi this year.
;;0.0;;besides modi and singh, the government was represented by union home minister amit shah, his cabinet colleagues nitin gadkari and pralhad joshi.
;;0.4404;;the prime minister called for widespread debate and consultations on simultaneous elections for lok sabha and vidhan sabhas, keeping in view various aspects such as the resulting financial savings and consequent better utilisation of resources, an official release said last week after modi addressed a niti aayog meeting.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was present in the house during azad's address.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 13, 2018prime minister modi during a global meet on infant and maternal health in new delhi on wednesdaymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi will on thursday address a meeting of bjp mps, which will be followed by a seven-hour brainstorming session with key organisational leaders to analyse the results of the recent assembly polls, which came as the biggest electoral setback to the party since it stormed to power at the centre in 2014.
;;0.7351;;the recent elections were charged with brimming hope for a bright and stable india, she said while presenting the first budget of the modi government in its second term.
;;0.4215;;earlier in the day, the union cabinet headed by prime minister modi approved the budget for 2019-20.
;;0.4767;;the modi government in its first term stood out as a performing government, sitharaman said, adding voters stamped their approval on a performing government in general elections.
;;0.0;;on april 27, prime minister modi will address a rally at csn degree college, as he did ahead of the 2017 assembly elections.
;;0.0;;chennai: prime minister modi is coming to madurai in two days only to mislead people of tamil nadu, dmk president mk stlain said on friday.
;;-0.7845;;addressing a rally in chennai, to mark the anniversary of those killed in the anti-hindi agitation, stalin questioned the intent behind the modi government.
;;0.0;;even now, modi is coming only to lay foundation stone, not inauguration, stalin said.
;;0.1779;;independence day celebrationsfield marshal manekshaw parade groundchief minister bs yediyurappamadras engineer groupmartial artphotos: bengaluru glows in the spirit of the 73rd independence day 1 9 pm modi unfurls the national flag at red fort for the sixth consecutive year, prime minister modi unfurled the indian tricolour at the red fort in new delhi.
;;0.5423;;pm modi even greeted the children later and they too seemed excited to meet their prime minister.
;;0.0;;together, both the congress and the shiv sena raised slogans against prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah.
;;-0.2425;;new delhi: the government is looking to step up its oversight over three professional institutes , including the institute of chartered accountants of india icai ), for their failure to discipline errant auditors, despite being ticked off by prime minister modi 15 months ago.
;;-0.5719;;ahmedabad: the gujarat high court on monday adjourned the hearing on a plea which seeks that directions be issued to the nanavati commission to summon chief minister modi for questioning in connection with the 2002 riots.
;;0.0;;ngo jan sangharsh morcha (jsm) had filed an application urging the commission to summon politicians including modi , late health minister ashok bhatt, former state home minister gordhan zadaphia, some bureaucrats and senior cops for cross-examination.
;;-0.7003;;appearing for jsm, mukul sinha had earlier argued that summoning of modi and others was required for collecting evidence with regards to the godhra train burning incident and the post-godhra riots.
;;-0.296;;the state government had opposed jsm plea contending that the ngo had no locus standi to seek summoning of modi.
;;0.0;;chief minister modi will inaugurate the bridge along with the one at navayard.
;;0.4939;;chennai: despite being coy about its relationship with bjp, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami and deputy chief minister o panneerselvam were among the first to congratulate prime minister modi on the party's victory in the karnataka polls, much before the official results were out.
;;0.743;;your diligent and conscientious efforts not only yielded the desired fruits in the 15th state but also added another feather in your cap of glory, panneerselvam said in a letter to modi , which he later posted in his official twitter handle.
;;0.0;;neither panneerselvam nor palaniswami got an appointment with modi since.
;;-0.7579;;new delhi: aap would protest outside the residence of prime minister modi on sunday to urge him to speak on the kathua and unnao rapes.
;;0.6486;;at that time, bjps pm candidate modi had come out with a slogan promising to protect women.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: prime minister modi was once again the top newsmaker in india in the year 2018, according to the yahoo year in review list.
;;0.2023;;modi has featured at the top of the list for at least a couple of years now and is followed this year by congress president rahul gandhi.
;;-0.8225;;m j akbar, who resigned as minister of state for external affairs after allegations of sexual harassment, also featured on the list at number 6, behind alleged economic fraudsters vijay mallya and nirav modi.
;;0.0;;did modi really touch owaisi's feet?
;;0.4767;;), modi hires personal make-up artist for rs 15 lakh a month (an old photo from when madame tussaud's took pm modi's measurements) and rahul gandhi holds woman's hand on stage (taken before a large group lifted hands in solidarity at a jan andolan rally), the statement said listing out the top three fake news doing the rounds online during the year.
;;0.8176;;the us government must be speak out boldly in support of a un backed peaceful resolution, sanders told a largely muslim audience at the islamic society of north america (isna) convention in houston, a city where prime minister modi is scheduled to address the indian-american community later this month on september 22.
;;0.743;;in fact, support for indias move remains strong in conservative circles, flowing from president trumps own stand that prime minister modi appeared to have the kashmir situation under control and it up to india and pakistan to sort out the issue, unless they both want his mediation.
;;0.0;;virat co-owns fc goa along with modi , rakesh jhunjhunwala, venugopal dhoot, ashish kapadia and akshay tandon.
;;0.0;;shriver's letter was read out during the event and presented to the chief minister modi by the organization's indian representative air marshal d keelor on friday.
;;0.0516;;the performance of women was impressive as out of the 88 record breaking feats, 42 were broken by women and most of them in the swimming, said modi.
;;0.1027;;vijila sathyananth of the aiadmk said the governor's rule was necessary in jammu and kashmir after the mess it had witnessed and expressed confidence that prime minister modi would lead the way for a transformative solution to its problems.
;;0.5106;;sp leader balwant singh ramoowalia said at a press conference here on sunday that if prime minister modi had ever partaken in langar, he would know it was served for free.
;;0.0;;modi has stayed in punjab and should know this, he said.
;;0.6705;;lucknow : the uncle of the rape survivor said on saturday that he felt relieved after hearing prime minister modi say that his niece will definitely get justice and the culprit will not be spared.
;;0.0;;pm modi had given the statement on friday.
;;-0.1027;;while former lok sabha mp anwhar rajhaa opposed the controversial triple talaq bill thrice in the lower house, and termed it barbaric, kumar on thursday said the amendment bill was a commitment of the union government headed by prime minister modi to give equal power to women in society.
;;-0.3612;;besides approaching the apex court, phadnis has also shot off a letter to prime minister modi for expunging of adverse unfounded remarks made by the kapur commission against savarkar, whose portrait was unveiled in 2003 in the central hall of parliament.
;;0.7269;;finally i have filed a special leave petition (appeal against the high court order) in the supreme court, phadnis stated in the letter to modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had recently even inaugurated patanjali research institute (pri) established with outlay of over rs 250 crore for r&d in field of ayurved, he added.
;;-0.7906;;new delhi: four swiss bank accounts of fugitive diamond merchant nirav modi , the main accused in the $2 billion punjab national bank (pnb) fraud case, and his sister purvi have been frozen by authorities in switzerland as part of the criminal money laundering probe being conducted against them in india, official sources said.
;;-0.34;;official sources said while the accounts of nirav modi , the diamantaire under arrest in this case in london, have deposits of $3,74,11,596 while the accounts in the name of his sister modi has deposits of gbp (british pound) 27,38,136.
;;0.0;;the ed along with the cbi are investigating nirav modi , his uncle mehul choksi and others for alleged money laundering and corruption to defraud the brady house branch of the pnb in mumbai to the tune of over rs 13,000 crore.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the central information commission cic ) has directed the prime ministers office to disclose the names of delegation members who accompany pm modi on foreign visits.
;;0.0;;sharma had sought the list of ceos of private business, owners or partners, private business officials etc who accompanied modi on his international visits.
;;-0.1027;;surat: the onslaught of goods and service tax (gst) may have adversely hit the textile business of surat, but traders here are bating for prime minister modi and have already started campaigning.
;;0.0;;these traders are issuing bills to their counterparts across the country appealing them to bring modi back to power in 2019.
;;0.3412;;modi did not worry about vote bank while implementing gst.
;;-0.5106;;the hyderabad mp also took a jibe at prime minister modi , who had described the attack as a diplomatic, political and intelligence failure.
;;0.0;;i request you to introspect if you get time from photographers, owasi said referring to modi.
;;0.4215;;as the bjp has to face 2019 parliamentary elections and nadda is a key team member of prime minister modi and party president amit shah, his services could be retained in the centre.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had on sunday congratulated the five students on their feat, in his 'mann ki baat' radio address.
;;0.34;;new delhi: prime minister modi has instructed bjp mps to embark on 'padayatra' in their constituencies and cover a distance of 150-km between october 2 and october 31, the birth anniversaries of mahatma gandhi and vallabhbhai patel respectively, parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi said on tuesday.
;;0.2263;;pune: a group of former vice-chancellors of universities in maharashtra has written to prime minister modi proposing a ram temple , as well as other places of worship, on government land around the disputed ayodhya site.
;;0.2924;;new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi on monday alleged that prime minister modi , trs chief k chandrasekhar rao and aimim leader asaduddin owaisi were one and urged the people of telangana to not be fooled by them.
;;0.0;;he also claimed the telangana rashtra samithi was the bjp's b team and its chief k chandrasekhar rao operates as prime minister modi's telangana rubber stamp.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi shakes hand with deputy chairman of rajya sabha harivansh narayan singh (l) as vi.
;;0.0;;read morenew delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday released a book  chandra shekhar  the last icon of ideological politics written by deputy chairman of rajya sabha harivansh and ravi dutt bajpai.
;;0.4767;;speaking on the occasion, prime minister modi said that it was remarkable that even after about 12 years of his death, the thoughts of former prime minister chandra shekhar are as vibrant as ever and continue to guide us.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi , national bjp president amit shah, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, several union ministers, several bjp-ruled state cms and senior party leaders are likely to take part in the oath-taking ceremony.
;;0.0;;earlier, modi had taken oath as gujarat chief minister at sardar patel stadium in 2012.
;;0.0;;people look up to prime minister modi for development.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modichennai: prime minister modi will be the chief guest at the 56th convocation of iit-madras , scheduled to be held on september 30, the institute has announced on its website.
;;0.5106;;pm modi has graciously consented to be the chief guest of the convocation, the institute said.
;;0.0;;on february 26, prime minister modi unveiled the worlds largest gita weighing some 800 kg, at the iskcon temple situated in east of kailash, new delhi.
;;-0.1779;;in the run-up to elections, the ruling congress has been highlighting its achievements, misdeeds of the previous bjp government and purported failure of prime minister modi in fulfilling his poll promises.
;;0.4019;;mdmk leader vaiko who came to participate in a party function in madurai on friday said they would wave black flags at prime minister modi when he came to lay the foundation stone for the all india institute of medical sciences on january 27.
;;0.4588;;furthermore, gadkari announced that prime minister modi will receive the container vessel which traveled for the first time on inland waterways nw1 ganga at varanasi on november 12 at the newly-developed multimodel terminal dedicated to the nation.
;;0.0;;argentina's president mauricio macri (l) shakes hands with prime minister modi before a meeting in ne.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: sending a strong signal to international peace-makers, prime minister modi on monday unequivocally declared that the time for talks was over and india was determined to take concrete steps against terrorism.
;;-0.2732;;india, modi indicated, would have no time for any mediation or attempt by the saudis to prevent it from taking action.
;;-0.2023;;india clearly disagrees, with modi emphasising that india would brook no more discussions.
;;0.3818;;i also reiterate the commitment of the modi government to complete the work on kartarpur sahib corridor within the time frame.
;;0.0;;chinese president xi jinping is scheduled to visit india in october for the second round of an informal summit with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8895;;chavdas connect with the gujarati diaspora is so strong that canadas law makers heavily banked on him to ensure the success of prime minister modi modis event in ricoh coliseum on april 15, 2015.
;;0.4019;;last month, pakistan gave special permission to prime minister modi modi's vvip flight to use its airspace for his official trip to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation summit in bishkek, the capital of kyrgyzstan.
;;-0.34;;however prime minister modi's vvip aircraft avoided flying over pakistan.
;;0.0;;chouhan also referred to prime minister modi as the sun and said, suraj ke upar agar thookenge to wo unke chehre par hi aega.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday inaugurated phase 1 of the delhi-meerut expressway (dme) and eastern periphery expressway (epe).
;;0.0;;* the foundation stone of the greenfield project was laid by prime minister modi on november 5, 2015.
;;0.0;;throughout the time, he stood by prime minister modi in all the situations and crises.
;;-0.4588;;youth congress vice-president gunjan patel said it was youth which had given prime minister modi the mandate in the general election and the same youth was the reason behind bjps defeat.
;;0.0772;;hyderabad: attempting to play down the increasing confrontation between the bjp and trs, which was reflected in chief minister k chandrasekhar rao 's criticism of prime minister modi and the right-wing party taking umbrage to that, union defence minister nirmala sitaraman said on thursday that she has been informed by industries minister kt rama rao that his father's remarks against the pm was a 'slip of tongue'.
;;0.0;;last week, kcr had 'criticised' modi on issues related to farmers.
;;0.0;;trump, who is known to make inaccurate statements, had claimed that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;-0.4019;;the congressman added he was concerned over the fact that prime minister modi modi's recent action in kashmir had contributed to tensions that were now higher than ever.
;;-0.5574;;vijayawada: speaking at the week-long nava nirmana deeksha, which began in vijayawada on saturday, chief minister n chandrababu naidu criticised prime minister modi and opposition parties for ignoring the needs of andhra pradesh the cm accused modi of betraying telugu people and giving importance to gujarat at the cost of ap.
;;-0.3716;;modi believes in misleading and deceiving the people with his trumped-up allegations and fabrications, but the voters of the country would not be taken in again by his jumlebaazi, said amarinder.
;;0.4215;;e sreedharandownload the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: former delhi metro rail corporation chief e sreedharan has urged prime minister modi to turn down aap governments proposal to give free travel to women in delhi metro, saying it would set an alarming precedent for all other metro rail projects in the country.
;;0.7269;;exuding confidence of the jd(s)-congress alliance putting up an impressive show in the upcoming polls, vishwanath said, the bjp-led nda government at the centre, under the leadership of prime minister modi , has lost the trust of the people, and is likely to find the going difficult in the coming days.
;;0.0;;people will not believe modi , said vishwanath, predicting that the interim budget slated to be presented in parliament early next month would be the nda governments last.
;;0.128;;this story is from october 25, 2018mk stalin (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citychennai: the centre has changed the cbi chief as prime minister modi is feeling the heat of a possible rafale-deal probe, said m k stalin on wednesday.
;;0.0;;cbi officials had expressed reservations when modi inducted rakesh asthana into the agency.
;;0.1779;;last month, prime minister modi revoked article 370 granting special statues to the state, igniting outrage in pakistan.
;;0.0;;trump told the 50,000 crowd of mostly indian-americans that modi was doing an exceptional job.
;;-0.5719;;upset with the low prices, farmers from nashik district had sent the money earned through the auction to prime minister modi and chief minister of maharashtra devendra fadnavis.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi , quoting studies, has been saying that even a 20-25  reduction in imports could directly create an additional 1 lakh to 1.
;;0.4767;;all that was left was taking the proposal to prime minister modi for approval.
;;0.4019;;vaiko, known for his abrasive remarks on several issues, made the dramatic assertion while reacting to a question from reporters here on monday on film star rajinikanth lauding prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah for junking the special status to jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.4019;;bengaluru: former chief minister siddaramaiah on monday followed chief minister hd kumaraswamy in taking a swipe at prime minister modi , calling him anti-farmer for criticising the state governments farm loan waiver scheme.
;;0.296;;ok, we have given lollipops, what has modi given?
;;0.1901;;modi had at a rally in ghazipur, uttar pradesh, last week said the congress promised loan waivers to lakhs of farmers, but the jd(s)-congress coalition in karnataka had waived loans of only 800 farmers.
;;0.6597;;the high-octane campaign for the december 7 assembly polls saw political heavy weights like prime minister modi , congress chief rahul gandhi and trs president and chief minister k chandrasekhar rao and tdp supremo n chandrababu naidu criss-crossing the state addressing rallies.
;;0.128;;this was at a time when prime minister modi launched the skill india campaign in july 2015, that aimed to train over 40crore people in different skills by 2022.
;;-0.6705;;the response by bhatt, who has accused chief minister modi of complicity in 2002 post-godhra riots, came after sessions judge g n patel made the proposal during hearing on the state government's revision application for his remand.
;;-0.7964;;nagpur: even as prime minister modi has directed to take strictest action against guilty railway officials, a senior divisional medical officer (srdmo) with central railway, who declared a live patient dead, has been extended an olive branch.
;;0.1779;;he said no questions were raised on evms when congress emerged victorious in rajasthan, chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh in the recently-concluded assembly polls which were also conducted by evmsi am not able to understand why the credibility of evms are being put into questions when the countrymen delivered their mandate in favour of prime minister modi in 2019 general elections which were also conducted by the same evms, he said.
;;-0.4767;;prasad said that the poor people of the country made modi country's prime minister again as his policies were pro-poor.
;;-0.6486;;washington: the united states on sunday delivered a devastating snub to pakistan by announcing that president trump will attend a rally in houston next sunday with prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5574;;unmindful of criticism from liberal quarters about the human rights and civil liberties situation in the muslim majority and insurgency-stricken kashmir valley, and ignoring pakistans hate campaign, the trump white house has chosen to engage modi is a format that is unprecedented in modern diplomatic history  a large public rally on its home turf.
;;-0.4391;;i dont know whats more embarrassing - that modi will appear beside trump or that trump will appear beside modi.
;;0.0;;in some of the most toxic rhetoric to emerge from pakistan following its 72-year old separation from india, khan and his cohorts have compared modi to hitler and the purported ideology of the bjp and rss to nazism and fascism, with overwrought talk of an ongoing or imminent genocide of muslims in kashmir and across india.
;;0.4215;;what is apparently galling for pakistan is that trump has agreed to appear with modi even as imran khan has raised the pitch on the kashmir issue and warned that he will be banging on the doors of the united nations next week seeking global intervention.
;;0.0;;modi will also be in new york at the same time.
;;0.34;;in fact, islamabad has been gearing up the pakistani-community in the us and making cause with other anti-india groups such as separatist khalistanis to stage demonstrations in houston and new york in an effort to highlight its kashmir claim during the modi visit.
;;0.0;;islamabad had recently commandeered the pakistani-american community for a rally in washington dc in july during imran khan's visit in an effort to showcase its diaspora the way modi has done twice in new york and san francisco over the past five years.
;;0.1531;;his pieces retail for rs 5,000 ($74) and rs 50,000, with one motif called the tree of life much in demand after word spread that prime minister modi gave one such creation to u.s. president barack obama .
;;0.3612;;bhupesh kumar, a resident of pakistan wali gali, interacts with a journalist (ani photo)download the times of india news app for latest citygreater noida: residents of 'pakistan wali gali' in greater noida on tuesday urged prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath to change the name of their colony as they were not being able to access basic amenities provided by the government due to their locality's name.
;;0.2023;;the summit will be attended by a galaxy of top politicians including prime minister modi , heads of state, industry captains, and thousands of high-profile delegates from over 100 countries.
;;0.0;;police have also trained their eyes on the inauguration by modi of the new, state-of-the-art vs hospital.
;;-0.4767;;the first one, ins kalvari , a diesel-electric attack submarine was commissioned by prime minister modi on december 14 last year.
;;-0.4588;;the agitated congress workers burned the effigy of prime minister modi here on thursday.
;;-0.0772;;after visiting 27 villages of my constituency, there is a growing demand in villages of telangana to link agriculture with mgnregs, nizamabad mp kavitha kalvakuntla said and urged prime minister modi and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh to consider the demand.
;;0.296;;of the 90 constituencies in haryana, khattar has covered 52 constituencies so far and will conclude the yatra in rohtak on september 8 where prime minister modi is likely to join him.
;;-0.6705;;download the times of india news app for latest cityhubballi: karnataka chief minister bs yediyurappa has said that a complete report on crop loss and damage caused due to flooding of river krishna would be sent to prime minister modi within two days.
;;0.25;;he said he would be visiting delhi on monday night and would meet modi and other ministers and convince them about the flood situation in the state and seek funds from the centre.
;;-0.4767;;though nitishs jd(u) felt a bit slighted after prime minister modi refused to oblige the cms plea from the stage for central university status to patna university at its centenary celebration function in october last year, his government, known for a secular image, strongly differed with alliance partner bjp over the reason behind the murder of a saffron party workers father in darbhanga district.
;;-0.9325;;while union minister giriraj singh and bihar bjp president nityanand rai insisted that ramchandra yadav (65), father of a bjp worker, was hacked to death for naming a chowk near his village after pm modi , senior jd(u) leaders and even state police claimed the murder was a fallout of a land dispute.
;;0.0;;deputy cm modi , bihar bjp in charge bhupendra yadav, state ministers nand kishore yadav, prem kumar, mangal pandey and state bjp chief nityanand rai were among the senior leaders who attended the meeting.
;;0.1531;;chandigarh: the punjab congress on wednesday contested prime minister modi modi's charge on the state government's farm debt waiver scheme and released a complete list of 4,14,275 beneficiary farmers.
;;0.128;;sharing the list of farm debt waiver scheme beneficiaries from punjab, in the parliament house precincts after cancellation of the zero hour, jakhar told media persons that it was obvious that modi had lied on the issue.
;;0.7579;;the young scientist said that prime minister modi gave the group a free hand, and urged them to make a contribution to the army in any manner possible.
;;0.0;;the issue of india's haj quota was discussed during prime minister modi 's bilateral talks with crown prince of saudi arabia mohammed bin salman.
;;0.5423;;modi, who is in japan for the g20 summit , discussed the deepening cooperation in trade and investment, energy security and counter-terrorism with the invaluable strategic partner.
;;0.3612;;addressing a press conference after the meeting, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said that the crown prince had promised prime minister modi that india's haj quota would be raised from 170,000 to 200,000 annually.
;;0.0;;ramzan has made a representation to various authorities, including prime minister modi , drawing attention to the way the swachh bharat mission was being taken lightly when its comes to dealing with heritage sites.
;;-0.4767;;kanpur: former vhp leader and international president of antarrashtriya hindu parishad, pravin togadia, on wednesday blamed prime minister modi for farmers suicides in the country.
;;0.0;;smriti irani described iranshah udvada utsav as a super-initiative of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5719;;chandigarh: a delegation of the shiromani akali dal (sad) on friday met prime minister modi to urge him to set up a national committee under his own chairmanship for celebrating 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak dev as a major national and global event.
;;0.34;;the sad leaders also urged modi to ensure the swaminathan reports implementation by which the farmers would be ensured of a profit margin of 50  over their input cost.
;;0.8176;;this story is from november 8, 2018chandrababu naidu (l) with deve gowda (r) and hd kumaraswamy (pti photo)bypolls in karnatakabengaluru: andhra pradesh chief minister and telugu desam party (tdp) supremo n chandrababu naidu wants to repeat a 1996 united third front formula in the 2019 lok sabha elections to prevent prime minister modi from returning to power, with former prime minister hd deve gowda being the senior moderator.
;;0.6705;;prime minister modi announced the nal se jal scheme which aims to ensure piped safe drinking water for every household in next five years.
;;0.0;;pm modi shakes hands with russian president vladimir putin during the joint press statements at vladivostok in.
;;0.0;;a memorandum of intent was signed between the indian ministry of shipping and russia's ministry of transport for the development of maritime communications between the ports of chennai and vladivostok in russia's far east region after prime minister modi 's talks with russian president vladimir putin modi , who arrived in russia on a two-day visit on wednesday, is the first indian prime minister to visit to the russian far east region .
;;0.34;;he said that prime minister modi proposed and president putin was also optimistic about manpower exports as russia has a shortage of labour and in this context the mou on opening a route between chennai and vladivostok assumes significance.
;;0.3612;;earlier, modi after talks with putin said they discussed ways to bolster cooperation in trade and investment, oil and gas, nuclear energy, defence, space and maritime connectivity.
;;0.7334;;with the worlds biggest election around the corner, prime minister modi is under pressure to boost spending, especially to help farmers, to shore up voter support and spur an economy thats starting to slow.
;;-0.5267;;a loss for modi in the general election is a risk in terms of policy continuity, and investors are watching the events closely.
;;-0.6124;;shivamogga: a day after the dalit protests and the subsequent loss of lives shook the nation, aicc president rahul gandhi on tuesday questioned prime minister modi on his silence over the dilution of the scheduled caste and scheduled tribes atrocities act.
;;0.0;;there is large scale opposition against the dilution of the act, and yet, modi remains silent.
;;-0.6705;;expressing his condolences on the loss of life in the dalits agitations  11 people were killed across parts of north india  rahul charged modi with making false promises of removing disparity in society and on providing equal opportunity to all.
;;-0.4588;;rahul also attacked modi for his silence on the incomparable corruption which took place under the bjp reign of karnataka in 2008.
;;0.0;;according to him, all major decisions are taken by pm modi and rss chief mohan bhagwat.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 7, 2019prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.4404;;jalpaiguri: prime minister modi is expected to make some government announcements before addressing a bjp meeting during his scheduled visit to churabhandar in the districts maynaguri block on friday.
;;0.0;;diptiman sengupta, bjps observer for jalpaiguri district, said: there is a basic difference between modi and mamata (banerjee).
;;0.5499;;but modi will never do that as he understands the difference between the government and the party in power.
;;-0.2263;;roy hinted that modi may speak on setting up a calcutta high court circuit bench in jalpaiguri, which north bengals people have been demanding for six decades.
;;0.4019;;the agenda of the meeting was to brief party workers about the upcoming rally of prime minister modi at gurdaspur.
;;0.6369;;malik also added: when parkash singh badal was the chief minister of punjab, pm modi strengthened the infrastructure of the state so much that every village in the state was connected with a robust road network, and all- round development of the state was ensured by the duo.
;;0.0258;;prime minister modi on friday asserted his government will not let the law to prevent atrocities on scs and sts to be diluted.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 25, 2018edappadi k palaniswami (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citychennai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on wednesday urged prime minister modi to direct the union environment ministry to withdraw its conditional permission for an environment impact assessment study for a new dam at mullaperiyar in idukki district of kerala.
;;-0.0772;;in a letter to modi , palaniswami urged him to advise the ministry and its agencies to desist from entertaining kerala governments proposal on mullaperiyar dam in future and to negate the proposals which are in violation of court orders.
;;0.4019;;on thursday, a delegation comprising national conference president farooq abdullah, former chief minister omar abdullah and a party mp met prime minister modi and urged him not to take any step which may lead to deterioration in the law and order situation in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;they also urged modi to facilitate holding of assembly election in the state by the year-end.
;;0.2144;;the congress has been protesting against prime minister modi 's now infamous statement on job creation by setting up pakoda vends in various states, which has earned the ire of the ruling bjp but congress legislators got a surprise when cm manohar lal khattar, en route to attend the budget session in the haryana assembly, stopped by their 'rehri' (cart) and bought some pakodas.
;;0.7096;;slamming congress for putting hindrances in the judicial process to save its leaders, tiwari said prime minister modi had decided to form a special investigation team (sit) just after coming to power as bjp understood the sufferings of the sikhs.
;;0.0;;her efforts did not go unnoticed as in march 2015, prime minister modi tweeted about her work and subsequently mentioned her once again in his toronto speech later that year.
;;0.7184;;the acknowledgement fuelled her into fame, which led to a meeting with modi in july 2015, honourable mentions by the president, and recognition from all quarters.
;;0.8625;;thiruvananthapuram: congress leader shashi tharoor , at the centre of a controversy for stating that prime minister modi should be praised for doing the right things, on thursday said he was relieved the party accepted his explanation.
;;0.4019;;tharoor had remarked on the performance of the modi government after his party colleagues jairam ramesh and abhishek singhvi had expressed similar sentiments.
;;0.7096;;in a tweet, munavvar said tharoor had always taken a strong stand inside and outside parliament against modi and his stand had always been loud and clear.
;;-0.5106;;kpcc chief ramachandran had said the modi government was a failure in all fields.
;;0.3903;;on wednesday, tharoor, in his explanation emailed to the party, said he had never justified modi , saying that he has in fact been a strong critic of the bjp government.
;;0.0;;he said he wanted the kpcc leadership to examine his recent parliamentary debates and point out one other leader from the state who had made at least 10 per cent of his efforts to study, research and oppose the modi government on every bill introduced.
;;0.0;;bhopal: as part of the main bhi chowkidar campaign of bjp, prime minister modi will interact with people through audio conferencing on sunday.
;;-0.6908;;naidu has also hinted at the north neglecting the south when he said that prime minister modi should not think that ap is far away from delhi so that the centre could neglect the southern state.
;;0.2146;;he has also raked up modis utterances at a public meeting in guntur on sunday saying modi has not insulted him but an andhra leader and chief minister of a state with five crore people.
;;0.0;;modi had brought two pots  one with earth from parliament complex and other with yamuna water  during the foundation stone laying ceremony of amaravati in 2015.
;;0.0;;this is unwarranted, naidu told modi in an open letter.
;;-0.8705;;the ysrc leader has been confining himself to criticising naidu on the scs issue, but naidu took his fight a step further holding not only modi but also jagan for the alleged conspiracy against the tdp government in the state.
;;0.0;;the initiative comes ahead of the upcoming 2019 climate action summit which may be attended by prime minister modi in new york on september 23.
;;0.0;;pm modi himself holds the charge of department of space.
;;-0.3182;;(this story originally appeared in on jul 24, 2019)new delhi: prime minister modi had closely monitored the launch of chandrayaan-2 by staying in touch with the indian space research organisation (isro) chief k. sivan and deputed his key officials including his additional principal secretary, p.k. mishra, the principal scientific advisor to government, k. vijayraghavan and the former isro chief and the honarary distinguished advisor to the department of space, k. radhakrishnan to coordinate with isro, especially during the 6-day delay in the launch.
;;0.1027;;modi acknowledged this as a big achievement of isro in his congratulatory address to scientists post the launch, saying the moon will be reached in even lesser time now.
;;0.0;;modi himself holds the charge of department of space.
;;0.0;;patole had quit bjp some months ago personally targeting prime minister modi and state cm devendra fadnavis, and then joined congress .
;;-0.2023;;patole had quit bjp alleging that modi was indifferent towards farmers cause.
;;-0.5267;;he had also said that even though modi was an obc, the community was being neglected.
;;-0.128;;in new delhi, the view even beyond the more hawkish elements in prime minister modi 's government is that the world has seen and heard these kinds of promises before, only for pakistan-backed islamist groups to attack india.
;;0.8658;;since taking office in august, khan has also consistently offered talks with modi , and pakistani officials are hopeful that the indian leader will eventually say yes if he wins a second term in office.
;;0.4215;;asked about pu's centenary celebrations, the vc said an invitation will be sent to prime minister modi and education minister prakash javedekar in a day or two to grace the event.
;;0.5267;;a delegation of nda's sc and st mps, led by ljp chief ram vilas paswan and union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot, had last week met prime minister modi to discuss the apex court's judgement diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
;;0.0;;in an interview, badal told toi that the concern has been flagged by the big retailers and she has raised it with prime minister modi internationally, it's food plus other related items.
;;-0.4767;;the sad nominee in the modi government also suggested a new tax policy for beverages that contain 5  juice.
;;-0.4019;;while karnataka recently approached the centre for environmental clearance, tamil nadu approached prime minister modi , asking him to reject the proposal completely.
;;-0.4019;;however, on monday, tamil nadu chief minister edappadi palaniswami shot off a letter to prime minister modi seeking his intervention to reject karnatakas entire project proposal.
;;0.2263;;while the preparations for the event began six months ago, fadnavis singlehandedly drafted an action plan, invited prime minister modi for the inauguration and prepared a plan for signing of the mous.
;;-0.128;;prime minister modi has set a target of cutting oil import bill by 10 per cent to 67 per cent by 2022 and to half by 2030.
;;0.2732;;import dependence has increased since 2015 when modi had set the target.
;;0.4767;;prime minister modi had inaugurated the ambitious pumping station in bhachau, which is used to pump water into the canal.
;;0.6249;;new york: india's engagement and outreach at the 74th session of the un general assembly, set to begin here next week, is unprecedented and prime minister modi 's visit to the world organisation will result in a concrete, tangible, action-oriented outcomes, india's permanent representative to the un ambassador syed akbaruddin has said.
;;0.0;;he said a total of over 75 heads of state and foreign ministers will be meeting with modi , external affairs minister s jaishankar and minister of state for external affairs v muraleedharan during the week across various platforms.
;;0.0;;modi, who will be addressing the general debate for the first time in five years, has a packed bilateral and multilateral agenda beginning september 23 till september 27.
;;0.4588;;akbaruddin said modi will articulate his vision of how he sees india's place in the multilateral arena, based on his past experience, but a forward looking vision.
;;0.0;;modi arrives in new york on the evening of september 22 from houston, where he will address a massive community event along with president donald trump on the morning of september 23, he will be among the first set of speakers at un secretary general's high-level climate action summit in the un general assembly chamber along with prime minister of new zealand jacinda ardern, president of marshall islands hilda heine and german chancellor angela merkel.
;;0.0;;immediately after this session, modi will address the first-ever high-level meeting on universal health coverage, which will launch new efforts to provide access for all to affordable, inclusive and resilient health systems.
;;-0.8625;;later in the day, modi will address the 'leaders' dialogue on strategic responses to terrorist and violent extremist narratives', organised by a group of countries, along with the un secretariat, which deals with the office of counterterrorism.
;;-0.6808;;akbaruddin said modi has made a call for international conference to counter terrorism and he will make that pitch in his meeting.
;;-0.7506;;the move comes less than a fortnight after vice president mike pence had a meeting with prime minister modi in singapore, during which he is believed to have himself raised this issue and rued that even 10 years after the mumbai terrorist attack its perpetrators have not been brought to justice.
;;0.0772;;should have given mr. modi a better fight in up than what the cyclist or rahul did.
;;0.5574;;with adversaries like these, does mr. modi need friends?
;;0.4404;;if mr. modi hits 272 not out, then he is home, safe and dry, for another seven years.
;;0.3818;;may boil down to who among mr. modi and gadkari has stronger corporate backers.
;;0.0;;the decision of modi government to introduce pension scheme for unorganized sector workers has evoked mixed reactions in the city.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had said in 2015 that all unorganized sector workers would get minimum wages.
;;-0.4215;;jamtara ( jharkhand ): union home minister amit shah on wednesday said prime minister modi showed pakistan its place by abrogating article 370 and 35a and established that jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india.
;;0.8807;;bjp working president jp nadda (file photo)chandigarh: bjp working president jp nadda on tuesday asserted that his party is the only one in the country giving primacy to its workers with many of its top leaders, including prime minister modi , emerging from amongst them, in contrary to other parties banking upon dynasty.
;;0.7351;;to drive home his point, nadda cited the examples of several top leaders of the party, including prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah , who, he said, were all once ordinary party workers.
;;0.4019;;on scrapping of the article 370 by the modi government, tomar said even former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee had once said a day will come when the bjp on the basis of its full majority will scrap the jammu and kashmir's special status.
;;-0.1531;;there were no elections around, but modi government scrapped article 370 within 100 days of its resuming power, he said.
;;0.6705;;he hailed the ayushman bharat yojana, rolled out by prime minister modi and wanted the private hospitals to play a vital role in taking the schemes to the people.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi today called up jd (s) leader h d deve gowda to wish him on his birthday.
;;0.6369;;i pray for his good health and long life, modi tweeted.
;;0.5927;;minister of state for social justice vasan ahir said cattle owners had long been neglected but things took a turn for the better under the leadership of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;87 crore for the project, came at a cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister modi on wednesday.
;;-0.5859;;prime minister modi undertook an adrenaline- charged campaign for the bjp, while congress president rahul gandhi helmed his party's electoral offensive.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister modi telephoned dattatreya and expressed grief and sent two union ministers nirmala sitharaman and santosh gangwar as governments representatives to attend the last rites.
;;-0.8779;;kolkata: the centre sought a detailed report on the panchayat polls yet again on wednesday, a day after prime minister modi took serious note of the violence hit polls, calling it a murder of democracy on tuesday.
;;0.91;;new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi said prime minister modi symbolises corruption, accusing him of encouraging horse-trading to help chief minister b s yeddyurappa win the trust vote in karnataka.
;;-0.4019;;keeping the focus of his attack on modi , rahul seized the win to claim, we have explained to bjp and rss that there are limits to your arrogance.
;;0.7096;;while bjp state president b s yeddyurappa termed siddaramaiah as baccha (child) when compared to prime minister modi modis political astuteness, union minister for parliammentary affairs and chemicals and fertilisers h n ananth kumar questioned the cms integrity by alleging that the latter's dreams of the colourful sex scandal of former excise minister h y meti you claim bjp is a jail and bail party, but remember you misused the acb and cid to get a clean chit in firs lodged against you.
;;-0.743;;yeddyurappa, on cms comments of modi being savages of siddaramaiah said, cm siddaramaiah speaks of pm modi being scared of you, you are a baccha (kid) in front of him.
;;-0.5859;;capdownload the times of india news app for latest citysurat: federation of indian art silk weaving industry (fiaswi) has written to prime minister modi saying that anti-dumping duty on imported nylon filament yarn will ruin man-made fibre sector.
;;0.3818;;we have requested prime minister modi to revoke anti-dumping duty on nylon yarn to protect powerloom weaving industry from the onslaught of local yarn manufacturers.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday temporarily assigned charge of the ministries of finance and corporate affairs to railway minister piyush goyal till arun jaitley recovers from a kidney transplant, while removing the controversy-scarred smriti irani from the high-profile i&b ministry.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, rathore will be the modi government's fifth i&b minister in four years.
;;0.5859;;it also signals prime minister modi modi's continued support for goyal who was facing allegations related to the non-disclosure of the sale of his company to the piramal group, a charge that the minister has strongly rebutted.
;;-0.3182;;chouhan lauded prime minister modi for building the nation and alleged congress prime ministers nehru, indira gandhi and rajeev gandhi weakened' the country.
;;0.4019;;the voters had lined up in support of modi.
;;0.3818;;patna: the bjp on sunday said it has coined a new slogan 'sabse bada dhan - beti, jal aur van' in order to promote the government's 'beti bachao, beti padhao' campaign in a week-long programme on the occasion of prime minister modi 's birthday.
;;-0.6908;;in a memorandum to prime minister modi on tuesday, the cpm politburo said saturday, 514 marxist cadres have been injured and 1,539 houses attacked.
;;0.0;;houston: around 40,000 people have registered themselves for indian-american community summit howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;here, which will be addressed by prime minister modi on september 22 during his visit to the us for the un general assembly session, organisers of the event said.
;;0.7645;;houston mayor sylvester turner said, i look forward to welcoming pm modi to houston, home to one of the biggest and most vibrant indian communities in the us.
;;0.4588;;us senator john cornyn said, on behalf of the hundreds of thousands of indian-americans in texas, and as co-chair of the senate india caucus, i welcome prime minister modi to houston.
;;0.7263;;a number group of organisations from a wide spectrum of the indian diaspora in the united states has mobilized support for the howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;co/q4prnjmpok  ani (@ani) 1513574200000gujaratgujaratnew delhi: as early trends emerging from counting centres indicated that the bjp will likely form the next government in both gujarat and himachal pradesh , prime minister modi flashed the victory sign to cameras outside parliament on monday.
;;0.0;;addressing the media here on friday, the officials of both the companies said prime minister modi will lay the foundation for these projects on december 24.
;;0.0;;it would seem that prime minister modi modi's jibes at the congress's zamanati sarkar (on bail) in the state echoed with the people.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister modi is closely monitoring the situation and has directed cabinet secretary p k sinha to convene a meeting of the national crisis management committee (ncmc) to take stock of the situation with the state governments and the central ministries and agencies concerned to ensure necessary preparations to deal with the situation.
;;0.4019;;the actor had spoken against prime minister modi , and participated in a harmony rally against the bjp, that had left saffron outfits red-faced.
;;0.3612;;chamarajanagar/udupi/ chikkodi: prime minister modi hit the campaign trail in karnataka on tuesday, targeting the siddaramaiah government for its culpability in promoting ease of doing murders and the congress culture of promoting family politics.
;;0.3612;;modi assured dalits that reservation facilities provided to them in accordance with the constitution will not be withdrawn under any condition.
;;-0.8934;;in his udupi address, modi came down heavily on what he said were murders of hindu activists in karnataka, alleging that the siddaramaiah government was apathetic to these killings.
;;0.0;;modi ended his first day of campaign with a public meeting at chikkodi in belagavi district.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minster modi on friday said that the government has set a target of setting up 12,500 ayush centres across india, 4000 of which will be set up this year.
;;0.4215;;bhopal: prime minister modi is likely to address about 11 rallies in poll-bound madhya pradesh to boost the bjp campaign in a state where his party is locked in a close fight with the congress.
;;0.4019;;party sources said that bjps biggest crowd-puller modi is likely to address rallies in the chambal and tribal-dominated shahdol regions from november 16.
;;0.0;;after imposition of model code of conduct for elections, prime minister modi has not hit the campaign trail in mp.
;;0.0;;after gwalior , prime minister modi will address poll meetings in chhindwara and indore on november 18, jhabua and rewa on november 20, mandsaur and chhatarpur on november 23, besides vidisha and jabalpur on november 25, bjp leader and rajya sabha mp prabhat jha told toi.
;;0.7783;;sushma swaraj ji was one of her kind, who was a source of inspiration for crores of people, prime minister modi said in a series of tweets.
;;0.8176;;swaraj had put out a tweet in the evening congratulating prime modi after the centre's move to revoke special status for jammu and kashmir and bifurcate the border state into two union territories secured parliament's approval.
;;0.3612;;narendra modi ji - thank you prime minister.
;;0.9349;;prime minister modi , in his tweets, hailed swaraj as a prolific orator and outstanding parliamentarian and said she was admired and revered across party lines.
;;-0.5216;;reddy said he had told the cm many times that prime minister modi will not grant special status to ap.
;;0.4215;;i had the opportunity to have tea with modi twice.
;;0.2406;;as long as modi is pm, special status will not be granted to andhra, he said.
;;0.6808;;addressing a gathering of bjp supporters here, the former foreign secretary praised prime minister modi for his vision of new india, stressing things were changing under his leadership.
;;0.8074;;united nations: prime minister modi will address the annual un general assembly (unga) session on september 28, according to a provisional list released by the un of the world leaders scheduled to speak at the 74th session of the united nations modi is also expected to attend multiple high-level summits on the margins of the general assembly session as well as hold bilateral and multilateral engagements during his visit to new york.
;;0.0;;as prime minister, modi had given his maiden address at the unga in 2014.
;;0.0;;according to the first provisional list of speakers for the general debate of the unga session, modi will address the summit in the morning of september 28.
;;0.4767;;in 2015, modi had addressed the high-level un sustainable development summit ahead of the general debate when world leaders had adopted the ambitious 2030 agenda for sustainable development, an intergovernmental set of aspiration goals with 169 targets.
;;0.4588;;modi had also attended the un peacekeeping summit hosted by the then us president barack obama .
;;0.0;;this story is from november 12, 2018pm modi will have to take the final decision on india's negotiating stance at east asia summit.
;;0.0;;with the next ministerial scheduled for november 13, prime minister modi , who will have to take the final decision on india's negotiating stance, is involving himself more deeply, spending long hours with the indian negotiators.
;;0.2732;;with elections due next year (in india, indonesia, thailand and australia), the modi government would like to ideally reveal the details after the polls, for fear of unintended consequences.
;;0.0;;sources said modi had directed that india should strive to stay in the deal.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 28, 2019pm modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.5994;;madurai: once again prime minister modi modis visit to the state triggered a hashtag war on the social media as twitter going rife with tweets against his visit trending worldwide on sunday.
;;0.4019;;when it started, the tweets against modi were less than 50  of those in support of his visit.
;;0.0;;in february, he had also written a letter to prime minister modi suggesting streamlining the sale of lotteries in the country.
;;0.0;;several years ago, the then chief minister (prime minister modi modi), had once written to the then pm (dr manmohan singh), that the name of the ahmedabad should be changed to karnavati.
;;0.4019;;the congress leader also apprised prime minister modi about the flood situation and sought the centre's support to deal with the situations.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who watched the launch live on television, said the event will be etched in the annals of history.
;;-0.5106;;amaravati/new delhi: telugu desam (tdp) formally pulled out of the central government on thursday after a conversation between prime minister modi and andhra pradesh cm n chandrababu naidu failed to reverse the downturn in ties between the allies a little more than a year ahead of the next lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;while naidu had said he had waited to speak to modi but the call did not come, the conversation finally took place on thursday.
;;0.4215;;they argued that the modi government had moved to deliver a significant part of the assistance promised when telangana was created.
;;-0.2263;;the phone call from modi is also seen as being aimed to counter the suggestion that the pm is insensitive to the public mood and a formality rather than an effort to retain tdp ministers.
;;0.0;;in delhi, tdp ministers ashok gajapathi raju (civil aviation) and y s chowdary (mos science and technology) had to wait till evening to meet modi because of the pm's trip to rajasthan for a rally to mark international women's day.
;;0.0;;modi telephoned naidu around 4.
;;0.5994;;chandigarh: despite tall claims of implementing prime minister modi modi's vision of 'digital india' and 'good governance', the bjp-ruled haryana is one of those four states which have not provided data to the union ministry of home affairs (mha) about registration of birth and deaths.
;;0.0;;there were speculations that rupani was called by the prime minister modi for some political issues.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 11, 2019prime minister modi (l) with bjp state president kanna lakshmi narayana (c) in andhra pradesh's guntu.
;;0.4404;;guntur: a day before n chandrababu naidu joins opposition parties for a sit-in in new delhi against the centre, prime minister modi on sunday accused the andhra pradesh chief minister of splurging public funds for political gains.
;;-0.1779;;modi, who was in guntur on a whirlwind tour amid criticism by the ruling tdp of neglecting andhra pradesh, launched projects worth rs 9,200 crore for the state even as the cm decided to stay away from extending protocol courtesy to the pm.
;;0.4588;;the chief secretary and other senior officials, too, confined themselves to only according welcome to modi at vijayawada airport and skipping the official programme in guntur.
;;-0.101;;dubbing naidu as the most opportunistic leader on the earth, modi talked about his u-turns during his long political career.
;;-0.7964;;but, naidu proved that he is more senior in switching sides, speaking lies, back-stabbing his own father-in-law, losing elections and making monies, said modi.
;;0.0;;according to officials, since prime minister modi represents varanasi in the lok sabha , the expenses have shot up in the past few years.
;;0.5267;;26 crore) was incurred after modi became prime minister, winning elections from varanasi.
;;-0.4404;;during their address, the two trs legislators wondered how shah could criticise their government when it had been lauded by none other than prime minister modi and the niti aayog.
;;0.0;;pmsa also seized seven boats, all from porbandar, said modi of porbandar machihmar boat association.
;;0.0;;before assuming her role as the president of the 73rd session of the un general assembly in september 2018, becoming only the fourth woman to lead the general assembly in its 73-year history, espinosa had visited india and met prime minister modi and swaraj.
;;0.0;;this is in line with prime minister modi modis call to eliminate single-use plastics by 2022.
;;-0.6597;;adyar cancer institute chairman dr shanta wrote to prime minister modi in january, requesting him to visit the centre to inaugurate four facilities.
;;-0.6597;;modi will be at the cancer centre for an hour from 12.
;;0.34;;due to security reasons, modi will not be visiting many wards or touring the hospital.
;;0.6249;;security arrangements were beefed up, as several political parties and organisations have announced that they would show black flags to modi during the visit.
;;0.5574;;questioning the silence of prime minister modi , congress members ghulam nabi azad, veerappa moily and pawan khera alleged that a company associated with piyush goyal in the past was given a haircut loan waiver of 65  on the outstanding loan amount of over rs 650 crore.
;;-0.5106;;they said that shirdi industries was declared sick on june 8, 2015, almost a year after the modi government came to power.
;;0.4215;;tuticorin: a group of students from subbiah vidyalayam girls higher secondary school, on wednesday in tuticorin, got an opportunity to interact with prime minister modi through video conferencing.
;;0.0;;new delhi: in a first for the country's inland water transport , prime minister modi on november 12 will receive a container vessel in varanasi on the river ganga, union minister nitin gadkari said sunday.
;;0.0;;he said that prime minister modi will receive the container vessel travelled for the first time on inland waterways - nw 1 on the ganga at varanasi on november 12 at the newly developed multi-modal terminal and shall dedicate the terminal to the nation.
;;0.2023;;a raft of mega defence deals, including procurement of an air defence system for the indian navy, are likely to be sealed during prime minister modi modi's upcoming visit to israel which will be the first by an indian pm to the jewish nation.
;;0.9246;;speaking at the meeting, andhra pradesh chief minister y s jaganmohan reddy made a strong pitch to grant special category status to the debt-ridden state and urged prime minister modi to be gracious in fulfilling the promise made in parliament and also in the bjp's 2014 poll manifesto.
;;0.0;;in his inaugural remarks, prime minister modi stressed that niti aayog has a key role to play in fulfilling the mantra of sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabkavishwas.
;;-0.6652;;the congress leaders took pot shot at the prime minister modi who addressed a meeting at the vidhyadhar nagar stadium but failed to visit the samadhi which was very close to the venue.
;;0.3612;;they said, it reflects the mindset of modi who had sidelined leaders like l k advani and murli manohar joshi.
;;0.8271;;congress leaders said, we may differ ideologically, but we respect leaders from other political parties unlike modi.
;;0.0258;;through sitharaman, they are able to reach out to prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah, whenever there is need, said another leader.
;;0.0;;doval's talks with his russian counterpart nikolai patrushev covered preparations for prime minister modi 's visit to vladivostok for the eastern economic forum in early september, according to an official statement.
;;0.0;;in the last four years, prime minister modi has travelled to different counties of the world and different indian states, but never has he set foot in ayodhya.
;;0.5709;;asserted that minorities are feeling completely safe under prime minister modi 's leadership as he has not indulged in any political exploitation of minorities for votes and has done development without discrimination.
;;0.7351;;asked if prime minister modi's popularity among minorities has gone up after the government's triple talaq law,said the government's move on triple talaq, article 370 , demonetisation and gst, were reform measures and not intended for popularity.
;;-0.0258;;however, he said minorities have strong trust on modi as they have realised that there are no riots and no atmosphere of discrimination under the his leadership.
;;0.1265;;also hit out at those contending that intolerance has been growing in the society, saying it was modi who has been the biggest victim of political intolerance despite overwhelmingly winning people's confidence.
;;0.0;;lucknow: participants registering for the third international yoga day programme in the city to be led by prime minister modi on june 21, will each get a yoga mat, a t-shirt and refreshments.
;;0.0;;kathmandu: prime minister modi today prayed at nepal's iconic muktinath temple that is regarded sacred by both hindus and buddhists, becoming the first world leader to offer prayers there.
;;0.0;;modi wore a buddhist traditional red dress and carried out rituals both according to the hindu and buddhist tradition.
;;-0.1027;;modi will be the first foreign guest to pay homage at the main sanctum of muktinath temple when he offers his prayers on saturday, nepal prime minister k p sharma oli said yesterday.
;;0.0;;city-based advocate ajay jagga has sent a letter to prime minister modi stating that in september 2013, the country witnessed highest fuel prices as petrol touched rs83.
;;0.5859;;das said that his government was committed to fulfil the aspirations of prime minister modi who expressed his desire to constitute new india.
;;0.926;;new delhi: finding something good prime minister modi has done would be like looking for a needle in a haystack, senior congress leader salman khurshid said on sunday, days after some party leaders called for praising the pm whenever he does good work.
;;0.1877;;his remarks come days after congress leader jairam ramesh said prime minister modi's governance model is not a complete negative story and not recognising his work and demonising him all the time is not going to help.
;;-0.3618;;on the remarks by ramesh and other leaders calling for not demonising modi , the former union minister said he would not like to give one on one responses as it would create more confusion.
;;0.6486;;as i said, for me saying something nice about mr. modi would be like looking for a needle in a haystack, he said.
;;-0.1531;;ahmedabad: prime minister modi 's elder brother modi , who is the president of gujarat fair price shop owners and kerosene licence holder association, threatened that all fair shops owners in gujarat would go on an indefinite strike from may 28 if the centre failed to accept their demands.
;;0.0;;new delhi: former cabinet secretary p k sinha has been appointed the principal adviser to prime minister modi , an official order said on wednesday.
;;0.2263;;coimbatore: ruling out the need for a common leader to be projected against prime minister modi in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha election, the cpi called for secular and democratic parties to join hands to defeat the bjp.
;;0.0516;;we dont need rahul gandhis leadership for us (cpi), he said to a specific question if he saw an inspiring leadership in rahul to lead the fight against modi in 2019 election.
;;-0.3182;;when asked if they dont need a common leader to project against modi , reddy said that there are enough examples from the past where elections where fought based on policies rather than individuals.
;;-0.9652;;new delhi: prime minister modi said on wednesday that the lynching of a muslim man in jharkhand pained him and the guilty should be severely punished, while also stressing that it would be unfair to label the state a hub of mob violence as the law applied equally to incidents in all states.
;;-0.5267;;while condemning the jharkhand incident where an alleged thief was lynched, modi countered the oppositions suggestion that the bjp-ruled state was particularly prone to such incidents.
;;-0.0258;;he lashed out at prime minister modi for accusing congress leadership of hobnobbing with pakistani officials to influence the gujarat elections verdict.
;;0.0516;;modi should be ashamed of making such derogatory remarks against former prime minister manmohan singh , who is recognized world over as an honest politician, said pawar.
;;-0.3182;;the harshness with which pawar attacked modi , with whom he had cordial relations till recently, indicated there was growing political perception that the tide was turning against modi.
;;-0.6124;;azad condemned the low level of politics by prime minister modi in his gujarat election campaign.
;;-0.0516;;referring to the dinner meet recently held at congress leader mani shankar iyers delhi house, where some prominent pakistani leaders were present, they wondered how could modi doubt patriotism of ex-pm manmohan singh and a retired army chief, who were also present at the dinner.
;;-0.4588;;now that modi and bjp are staring at defeat in gujarat, they are searching for all sorts of excuses, said azad.
;;0.0;;jaishankar was foreign secretary in the earlier modi government.
;;0.0;;it is also the home state of prime minister modi and home minister amit shah .
;;0.4019;;the thirdnew delhi: addressing an election rally in karnataka's tumakuru, prime minister modi on saturday said the janata dal (secular) is working towards saving the congress party in the upcoming assembly elections.
;;-0.0516;;the prime minister, however, insisted he still has respect for deve gowda, who had announced before the 2014 lok sabha polls that he would commit suicide if modi became the prime minister.
;;0.0;;recently, prime minister modi had suggested that any decision on an ordinance on ram temple in ayodhya can happen only after the completion of the judicial process.
;;0.0;;surat: union minister of state for road transport and highways tushar chaudhary and valsad congress mp, kishan patel will hold a one-day fast, parallel to chief minister modi modi's sadbhavna fast in navsari on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is expected to attend the event.
;;0.0;;read morenew delhi: prime minister modi on monday led the swearing-in of new members of lok sabha to the chants of modi , modi and thumping of the desk from the bjp ranks, setting in motion the 17th lok sabha which bears an overwhelming bjp presence and a heavily shrunk opposition camp.
;;0.0;;the panel of presiding officers, k suresh of congress, brij bhushan saran singh of bjp and bhartruhari mahtab of bjd, followed modi in taking oath.
;;0.5574;;modi and shah were among those who enthusiastically thumped the desk.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 6, 2019file photo of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4724;;panaji: a day after mining-affected people threatened bjp not to support the party for the lok sabha elections and the bypolls if the issue is not resolved by february 13, prime minister modi finally gave an appointment to the state delegation for a meeting on wednesday.
;;0.3612;;on january 20, modi spoke for the first time on goas mining issue through video conferencing and assured the people of taking steps to restarting mining in the state.
;;0.25;;following the vision of prime minister modi who has set a target of electrifying around 18,000 villages by 2019, we have also set up a deadline of 2018 to complete electrification of the district, he said.
;;0.1901;;amarinder, who met prime minister modi for a courtesy call, told media persons that he had changed the departments of 13 ministers, including sidhu, in the reshuffle of portfolios but of them only sidhu has not taken charge of the power and renewable resources portfolio.
;;0.765;;in his 3-minute speech in punjabi, loaded with famous dialogues from his bollywood films, sunny emphasised that if gurdaspur parliamentary constituency votes for him, it will ultimately result in prime minister modi modis win.
;;0.3182;;co/sj4uib2vnn  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1560946402000new delhi: external affairs minister s jaishankar met russian deputy prime minister yury trutnev on wednesday and discussed ways to strengthen ties between the two nation and prime minister modi 's visit to vladivostok for the eastern economic forum later this year.
;;0.3182;;jaishankar's meeting with trutnev comes days after prime minister modi met russian president vladimir putin on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation summit in bishkek , where the two leaders reviewed all aspects of bilateral relations to further strengthen the strategic relationship.
;;0.5859;;president putin formally invited prime minister modi to be the main guest at the eastern economic forum in vladivostok, russia, in early september, and he warmly accepted the invitation, gokhale had said.
;;0.0;;gujarat government is aiming to inaugurate the 182-metre tall statue by prime minister modi on october 31 this year  the birth anniversary of indias iron man - sardar vallabhbhai patel.
;;0.0;;* the bjp , whose election campaign in karnataka was spearheaded by prime minister modi , appears to be on course to form the government in karnataka, with the congress settling at a distant second after initial rounds of counting.
;;-0.5994;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1527386555000new delhi: prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi paid homage to the first prime minister jawaharlal nehru on his 54th death anniversary on sunday.
;;-0.5994;;tributes to our first prime minister, pandit jawaharlal nehru on his death anniversary, modi tweeted.
;;0.296;;reacting to the congress's attack on the government for having the upcoming event 'howdy modi' in houston, usa despite an economic slowdown, javadekar said the congress would never get such an opportunity like prime minister modi the stadium is already houseful for the 'howdy modi' event.
;;-0.5994;;he pointed out that the bjp, to which gadkari belongs, and prime minister modi lose no opportunity to speak ill of the gandhi-nehru dynasty.
;;0.2023;;a screenshot of pm modi's twitter handle @narendramodi, showing he is followed by 50m usersnew delhi: prime minister modi , known for reaching out to masses through social media, continues to be the most followed indian on twitter with his followers crossing 50 million mark on the microblogging site.
;;-0.296;;no indian politician is even close to prime minister modi.
;;0.4576;;modi, who is quite famous for his oratory skills, is also very active on twitter and regularly puts out texts on everything- from his speeches at various platforms to the places he went and the people he met.
;;0.2023;;last year, an international survey ranked modi among the top three leaders of the world.
;;0.0772;;an annual survey by gallup international put prime minister modi at number three among the global leaders.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: prime minister modi celebrated his 69th birthday on tuesday with his mother hira ba at her house in the outskirts of gandhinagar in gujarat .
;;0.1655;;normally, pm modi goes to greet his mother early in the morning but this time he preferred to meet her over lunch.
;;0.1027;;lauding prime minister modi for his decisiveness, jaitley said unlike the previous prime minister (manmohan singh), modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to demonetisation, surgical strike against pakistan and the goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.0258;;jaitley said in the last three years, not even a single allegation of corruption has been levelled against the modi government, for it has divested itself from discretionary power and allowed the system to decide all matters.
;;0.0;;while campaigning for state polls in december last year, prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah and up cm yogi adityanath had made reference about the nizam.
;;-0.296;;meanwhile, modi had accused the nizam of organising massacre of people on the lines of jallianwala bagh massacre mir osman ali khan did not flee india after the police action.
;;0.0;;new delhi: legendary sachin tendulkar has written to prime minister modi , requesting him to include all international medallists in central government health scheme (cghs).
;;0.7964;;i am writing to you as a concerned sportsperson on behalf of all the sportsperson in our country requesting your kind intervention for inclusion of all sportsperson who have won medals internationally in the list of sportsperson eligible for cghs facilities, tendulkar wrote to modi on october 24, a copy of which is in possession of pti.
;;0.0;;tendulkar, in his letter to pm modi , informed him that he had earlier taken up the issue with both sports ministry and health ministry.
;;0.4019;;the new bridge is part of prime minister modi modis special package of rs 1.
;;0.5106;;united nations: un secretary-general antonio guterres urged all parties to avoid any sort of escalation in kashmir during his meeting with prime minister modi on the sidelines of the g7 summit in the french town of biarritz, according to his spokesman.
;;0.0;;briefing the reporters in biarritz on monday, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said that there was some discussion on kashmir between prime minister modi and the un chief.
;;-0.1531;;khan's address to the nation came after prime minister modi , during his meeting with us president donald trump on the sidelines of the g7 summit in france on monday, categorically rejected any scope for third party mediation between india and pakistan on kashmir.
;;0.4019;;my party members would work to uproot the modi government at centre and nitish kumar-led government in bihar , manjhi said.
;;0.4767;;ahead of the session, the bjp parliamentary party was reconstituted with prime minister modi as the leader of the house in the lok sabha and defence minister rajnath singh being his deputy.
;;0.3182;;on sunday, prime minister modi chaired a customary all-party meet where he said that the parliament session should begin with fresh zeal and new thinking.
;;-0.128;;addressing the media after the all-party meeting, parliamentary affairs minister prahlad joshi said that modi has urged leaders of all parties to introspect whether members of parliament are able to fulfil people's aspirations as their representatives and the manner in which last two years of the 16th lok sabha were wasted.
;;0.3612;;the state has been unrest since prime minister modi had announced to bring in the cab to grant indian citizenship to non-muslim from bangladesh, pakistan and afghanistan who had entered india before december 31, 2014.
;;-0.8074;;new delhi: in a bizarre punishment, a border security force bsf ) jawan who forgot to affix 'honourable' or 'shri' while referring to prime minister modi has been penalised by the force, which called the mistake disrespect to the prime minister.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference, congress leaders kc venugopal and randeep surjewala alleged prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah were involved in attempts to topple the jd(s)-congress government in karnataka.
;;-0.8402;;hours before presenting the state budget amid coalition discord and bjp's alleged toppling game, kumaraswamy dropped the audio bomb at a press conference, targeting prime minister modi in his attack.
;;0.0;;kumaraswamy alleged that destabilisation efforts were being carried out with the permission of modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi modi's slogan of driving out every single illegal bangladeshi migrant from the country, drove voters to opt for bjp.
;;-0.296;;the congress leader also accused prime minister modi of selectively talking about laws that do not apply for jammu and kashmir on the day--august 8-- he addressed the nation after abrogation of article 370 i can list out 90 other laws that apply to j&k, he said.
;;-0.6249;;by express news servicemysuru: pejawar mutt seer sri vishwesha teertha on tuesday said he will be leading a delegation of priests to prime minister modi with a demand to enforce a ban on cow slaughter in total, build ram mandir and expedite the work on cleaning the ganga.
;;0.2732;;in a momentous day in indias energy history, prime minister modi will lay the foundation stone of city gas distribution (cgd) projects in more than 60 geographical areas (gas) spread across 124 districts on thursday.
;;-0.0516;;guwahati: putting on a brave face against opposition to the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016, bjp on saturday said concrete steps to check illegal migration from bangladesh have been taken under prime minister modi it was after modi came to power that the land-swap deal with bangladesh paved the way for sealing the indo-bangla border.
;;0.2732;;modi on friday said at a public rally in silchar that the government is committed to pass the bill which seeks citizenship for non-muslims from bangladesh, pakistan and afghanistan soon.
;;0.4404;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1560912839000new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday wished good health and a long life to congress president rahul gandhi on his birthday.
;;0.4767;;30 lakh hectaresformer prime minister h d deve gowda on monday requested prime minister modi to release rs 5,000 crore as interim relief to the state and to notify the floods as a national calamity.
;;0.4585;;in a letter to modi , the jd(s) patriarch said he had not seen such destruction to both human lives and properties in his six decades of political career.
;;-0.4939;;led by pfi goa state president sayed iftiyaz, the members said that arresting a police officer who spoke out against gujarat chief minister modi and bjp legislator amit shah was a human rights violation.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 4, 2018pm modi will receive this shipment to mark the formal inauguration of the terminaldownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4767;;varanasi: prime minister modi is likely to inaugurate two ambitious projects - inter-model terminal at ramnagar on haldia-allahabad national waterway-i on river ganga and ring road phase-i - in his parliamentary constituency on november 12.
;;0.0;;modi will receive this shipment to mark the formal inauguration of the terminal.
;;0.0;;following formal announcement of pm's visit to inaugurate these two mega projects by union minister nitin gadkari through a tweet on saturday, district magistrate surendra singh also confirmed to have received verbal intimation of the proposed visit of modi on november 12.
;;0.0258;;modi will reach ramnagar to inaugurate the terminal by receiving the shipment.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi 's government second term has already run aground, it said.
;;-0.296;;this story is from february 8, 2019the accused modi (l), sandhya (r)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.7845;;impressed by her beauty, director modi had married sandhya, who came from an underprivileged background.
;;0.0;;with modi spending most of his time in chennai, sandhya stayed with her in-laws in duvipuram.
;;0.3818;;swaraj met ramaphosa who recalled his meeting with prime minister modi at the commonwealth summit in london and conveyed his commitment to take the bilateral relations to the next level, according to a statement by the ministry of external affairs.
;;-0.4588;;we are hopeful that kartarpur corridor will bring the two countries nearer and our miseries will be put to an end by seeking the whereabouts of the prisoners and ensuring their early return to their families, kour said, making an emotional appeal to prime minister modi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj for securing the release of the prisoners.
;;0.128;;nilangekar lauded the initiative launched by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6124;;panaji: reacting to prime minister modi modis meeting with mining dependants from goa, the congress party on wednesday said that the assurance given by modi was an election gimmick to create confusion among the mining dependant families and workers.
;;-0.6124;;chellakumar said that modi and bjp had miserably failed and complicated the mining industry issue while all the time providing false assurances.
;;0.4215;;say 'yes to digital payment, no to cash': pm modi in a fresh push towards digital payments, prime minister modi on thursday told businesses to shun cash and go digital to bring transparency and root out black money.
;;-0.6908;;despite prime minister modi modis shock decision to abolish high-value notes in 2016, cash as a proportion of gross domestic product has actually been rising in the past two years, hitting a three-year high of 11.
;;0.0;;vadodara: vadodara, the parliamentary constituency that prime minister modi relinquished, will get a direct mahamana superfast express train to varanasi, the seat that modi decided to hold.
;;-0.128;;in 2016, bhatt had raised the demand of starting a new long distance train from vadodara to varanasi - connecting the two constituencies from where modi had contested during the lok sabha polls.
;;0.6808;;he also thanked prime minister modi for launching the farmers income support scheme across the country on jayalalithaas birthday.
;;0.0;;modi, who referred to her as jayalalithaa ji, tweeted saying her contribution to the development of tamil nadu will be remembered for generations.
;;0.7783;;not to be outdone, aiadmk functionaries have put up old photographs of modi and jayalalithaa sharing pleasantries at their party offices.
;;0.4404;;he recalled that jayalaithaa, while ending her monthlong election campaign in 2014 in chennai, had asked the large gathering whether gujarats modi or tamil nadus lady was a better administrator.
;;-0.3182;;asked about prime minister modi 's visit to china amid tension along the border, singh said the government believed in establishing a cordial relationship with the country's neighbours.
;;0.3818;;the credit for this goes to the prime minister modi , besides i had also noticed that previously people visiting the park would perform yoga in a scattered manner within the garden.
;;0.0;;madurai: the visit of prime minister modi to lay the foundation stone for the all india institute of medical sciences on sunday will be the first by a pm to the city after nearly 14 years.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 9, 2019preparations: prime minister modi will address a rally at kle medical college ground near gabbur bypa.
;;0.7269;;hubballi: bjp candidates who are likely to get tickets to contest the forthcoming lok sabha election in north karnataka are confident of victory, thanks to prime minister modi modis visit to the city on sunday.
;;0.0;;modi has chosen hubballi to launch bjps campaign for the lok sabha election.
;;0.8625;;on one hand, prime minister modi is celebrating the international yoga day for a healthy living on june 21 and has initiated a swachh bharat drive across the country.
;;0.3818;;other demands include constructing a 'marathi bhavan' in mumbai or allot four floors from the air india building which the state government is planning to buy, prepare a master-plan to ensure marathi schools in the state don't shut down, and to meet prime minister modi to get marathi declared as a classical language.
;;0.128;;bengaluru: the startup india initiative, launched three years ago by prime minister modi , has allocated just under 20  of its rs 10,000-crore corpus to venture capital (vc) funds.
;;0.2023;;narendra modi will remain pm and nda will remain intact, he told reporters.
;;0.4404;;while he was critical of a section of bjp leaders in bihar, paswan said the party has leaders like deputy cm modi , nand kishore yadav and shahnawaz hussain in the state, who cannot be considered communal.
;;-0.2057;;visakhapatnam: people of the country would not forgive prime minister modi and will send him back to gujarat in the ensuing elections, chief minister n chandrababu naidu said on sunday.
;;0.0;;addressing a public meeting at the indira priyardarshini municipal stadium, alongside west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and delhi cm arvind kejriwal , naidu said getting rid of modi is an imminent need.
;;-0.4767;;modi has no right to even enter the state, forget asking for votes.
;;0.0;;modi claims that he is a chowkidar.
;;0.4019;;all the parties are uniting against modi.
;;0.25;;naidu further said that modi failed to keep his promises made at the same venue (indira priyardarshini municipal stadium) and even in the temple town of tirupati, pertaining to special category status, financial assistance for new capital amaravati etc.
;;-0.128;;modi has been creating trouble for my government to construct the proposed bhogapuram international airport, he alleged.
;;0.6124;;a day after prime minister modi assured karnatakas farmers that the bjp would resolve the mhadei water dispute if it came to power in the state, shah, on sunday, set a six-month deadline to resolve the issue.
;;0.0;;sardar sarovar damahmedabad: a day before prime minister modi is scheduled to arrive in gujarat , the water level in the sardar sarovar dam touched the full reservoir level of 138.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , will arrive in ahmedabad, on monday night and visit the sardar sarovar dam on tuesday to mark the occasion of the dam being filled to capacity for the first time.
;;0.0;;september 17 happens to be the birthday of pm modi.
;;0.4215;;the organizations, campaigning for safeguarding manipur's territorial integrity and unity, also demanded that prime minister modi clarify ravi's statement.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 26, 2019prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0772;;pune: the state education department has issued a circular on january 21 making it mandatory for all government schools to make arrangements for viewing the ' pariksha pe charcha' programme by prime minister modi on january 29.
;;0.0;;modi will interact with students of standards ix to xii and their parents and teachers in new delhis talkatora stadium in the programme between 11am and 1pm.
;;0.0;;modi will interact with students of standards ix to xii, their parents and teachers in new delhis talkatora stadium.
;;0.7184;;they have witnessed the changes brought in by the bjp government and have, therefore, placed their confidence in the party under the leadership of prime minister modi .
;;0.34;;now 104 laws passed by parliament would be applicable to j&k, he said hailing the will power and tactics of prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah , respectively, for the decision.
;;0.0;;the bjp leader said he told the chinese envoy that prime minister modi had changed the narrative of politics in the country.
;;0.0;;whenever it was the issue of allocation of land for development of infrastructure facilities for the community, we always remained cooperative, said patel, adding, whether it was the government of keshubhai (patel) or narendrabhai (prime minister modi modi), we gave patidars more than any other community.
;;-0.0258;;the jac alleged the move was aimed at ensuring that no students would be present on campus during the 105th indian science congress (isc) to be held in ou from january 3-7, the inauguration of which will be attended by prime minister modi and chief minister k chandrasekhar rao they can't keep students away from one of the major events happening in the varsity.
;;0.0;;he also moved a representation to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: in a late night announcement on monday, prime minister modi said he will take a seaplane to travel from sabarmati river on tuesday morning to reach dharoi.
;;0.0;;all this is for 125 crore indians, pm modi tweeted.
;;0.4939;;though since morning there were news doing rounds that modi will board seaplane, top government functionaries were tightlipped about this showing security reasons.
;;-0.1779;;surat: prime minister modi on wednesday urged the youths to counter the negative propaganda of the opposition through positivity and said 125 crore people of the country have resolved to work for new india that he has been envisioning.
;;-0.34;;modi interacted with youngsters at the new india conclave at the indoor stadium where he tore into the congress and detractors, who he said, were working overtime with an obsession of unseating him from power.
;;-0.5267;;by congress-mukt bharat, our challenge is to root out all their evils of dynastic politics, corruption and casteism , he said amid continuous chants of modi modi that resonated the stadium.
;;-0.9633;;in response to a question how he is bringing about a change in the country, modi launched a vitriolic attack on the previous congress-led upa government for its weak handling of terrorism post the 26/11 mumbai attacks and massive corruption scams.
;;-0.5574;;modi even referred to the national herald case of cheating and misappropriation case.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 16, 2019prime minister modi inaugurated works at sree padmanabhaswamy temple under swadeshi darshan schemedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: prime minister modi , on tuesday, inaugurated the first phase of works under swadeshi darshan scheme at sree padmanabhaswamy temple in the capital, even as several ldf and udf leaders alleged breach of protocol and politicization of the official function.
;;0.5423;;88 crore  modi spent another halfan-hour for darshan at the temple and sought blessings, before returning to new delhi.
;;0.0;;this is the second time modi is visiting the famed temple.
;;0.1027;;governor p sathasivam, chief minister pinarayi vijayan and other leaders  including union minister of state for tourism alphons kannanthanam, tourism minister kadakampally surendran, mayor vk prashanth, local mp shashi tharoor and local mla vs sivakumar were present at the eastern entrance of the temple to receive modi , who reached at around 7.
;;0.1027;;after the temple visit, modi reached international airport and flew back to new delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi paying tributes to the former union minister arun jaitley, at his residence, in n..
;;0.1531;;due to engagements abroad including the g7 meeting, modi could not attend the former finance minister's cremation.
;;0.0;;union home minister amit shah and bjp general secretary organisation b l santosh accompanied modi when he visited jaitley's residence.
;;0.0;;modi had spoken with jaitley's wife sangeeta and son rohan on saturday soon after jaitley passed away on saturday and they told him to carry on with his foreign trip.
;;0.0;;amit shah had arrived at jaitley's residence earlier and received modi along with rohan jaitley.
;;-0.3818;;new delhi: congress and some other opposition parties on monday protested in the lok sabha over the government's decisions concerning jammu and kashmir , and demanded a statement from prime minister modi the protest began soon after the house assembled for the day and congress members raised slogans demanding a response from the prime minister.
;;0.6369;;he urged modi to include the expansion and modernisation of parliament house in his resolution for 'nava bharat' on the completion of the 75 years of india's freedom in 2022.
;;0.0;;about 4  of cooking gas users have responded to prime minister modi modis appeal to give up the lpg subsidy, but this proportion varies widely between states.
;;-0.0935;;in march 2015, modi had appealed to well-to-do sections to voluntarily give up the lpg subsidy, saying this would enable the government to benefit more of the poor.
;;0.4767;;2 mobile phone maker and the smartphone industry is central to prime minister modi modi's ambitious make in india drive.
;;-0.5574;;the sena leaders demanded that prime minister modi get tough and initiate immediate action against the terrorists and pakistan which is supporting them.
;;0.3595;;washington: us president donald trump will join prime minister modi at houston 's mega howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;more than 50,000 indian-americans from across the us have registered for the september 22 mega howdy, modi!
;;-0.4926;;indian ambassador to the us harsh vardhan shringla called trump's participation in the howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;it would be quite a historic meeting with prime minister modi and president trump jointly addressing over 50,000 indian-americans, mainly us citizens, shringla said.
;;0.0;;white house officials told pti that a request was made by prime minister modi to president trump when the two met in france last month on the sidelines of the g-7 summit.
;;0.9274;;trump, who enjoys a great chemistry and friendship with modi , immediately accepted the invitation to join him in houston and directed his officials and secret service, officials said.
;;0.2263;;amarinder has written to prime minister modi for grants for the programme.
;;0.25;;sharma said, it is the dream of prime minister modi to achieve swachch bharat.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has directed provision of all necessary assistance.
;;-0.3182;;modi also expressed condolences at the loss of lives and property and said that india stands with her sri lankan brothers and sisters in their hour of need.
;;-0.9584;;tonk (rajasthan): prime minister modi on saturday deplored incidents of harassment of kashmiris outside jammu & kashmir after the pulwama terror attack and said indias fight is not against kashmir or its residents but terrorism and enemies of humanity.
;;-0.8176;;modi also referred to a conversation he had with pakistan pm imran khan to say the onus of taking action against terrorist organisations lies with islamabad.
;;0.3818;;though he said he wants to see if khan acted on his words, modi made it clear that he was intent on action.
;;-0.34;;speaking out against incidents of harassment of kashmiris in the wake of the pulwama attack pm modi , addressing a rally, said: the way indian soldiers have laid down their lives, sons of the kashmiri soil have also fallen victim to the bullets of terrorists but for a handful who offer blessings to tukde, tukde gangs.
;;0.2023;;this story is from november 11, 2018varanasi: prime minister modi will dedicate two important national highways in uttar pradesh's varanasi on november 12.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi is learnt to have made this remark in a lighter vein during his monthly web-based interaction with secretaries and chief secretaries of all states on wednesday as he asked the delhi police to work towards a robust mechanism for getting more feedback from the people.
;;0.891;;chouhan thanked the people of telangana for showering their love and blessings on prime minister modi and the bjp.
;;0.0;;mumbai: prime minister modi on tuesday paid glowing tributes to the late r k laxman, the well-known cartoonist who worked with the times of india for over six decades, saying his 'common man' was timeless and pan-indian, one all generations of people could identify with.
;;0.2732;;(after) we made certain changes in procedure, even common people find their names among the awardees,'' added modi.
;;-0.6249;;kanpur: a day after bjp 's defeat in kairana and noorpur bypolls, up cm yogi adityanath on friday said forces backed by naxal and terrorist organisations have ganged up against prime minister modi these forces are uniting against nationalist modi , who is ushering in stability and development and is committed to build a new india, yogi said in sp's stronghold etawah, where he inaugurated and laid foundation stones of projects worth rs 654 crores.
;;0.4939;;amarkantak (mp): pm modi praised madhya pradesh on monday for turning the conservation of its lifeline, the narmada , into a mass movement, and urged other states to follow its example in their own river-cleaning campaigns.
;;0.6705;;i wish this document should go to all states so that they can emulate it for their respective river rejuvenation plan, said modi.
;;0.5267;;this story is from january 19, 2019prime minister modi speaks during the vibrant gujarat global summit in gandhinagar on friday.
;;-0.0258;;gandhinagar: making an impassioned pitch for india as the ultimate investment destination, prime minister modi on friday reached out to the international business community and said this country is the only place which offers democracy, demography and demand.
;;0.8126;;above all i assure you that i will be always available to hold your hands in your journey,inaugurating the ninth edition of vibrant gujarat global investors summit, which saw investment promises of over rs 6 lakh crore on its first day, modi described how the drastic steps and structural reforms in the last four years have transformed the way business is being carried out in india.
;;0.9442;;we have made doing business easier, smarter, cheaper and faster, modi told a huge gathering of national and international delegates from over 100 countries at the mahatma mandir in gandhinagar modi , who faces the crucial test of his development plank in the lok sabha polls after few months, acknowledged it is a challenge to ensure that the benefits of development reaches the needy in an easy and efficient manner.
;;0.5187;;islamabad: pakistan foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi on sunday tried to defend senate chairman sadiq sanjropting out of his pre-scheduled visit to the uae after the gulf nation honoured prime minister modi with the highest civilian award, but ended up making contrasting statements on sunday.
;;0.0;;shillong: storming into one of the last bastions of the congress in the country in general and the northeast in particular, prime minister modi will address a public rally in this hill city on saturday in an attempt to blow the bjps bugle ahead of the assembly elections slated for early next year.
;;0.0;;hoardings depicting modi along with amit shah and meghalaya bjp president shibun lyngdoh , towering over strategic junctions in the city, have been urging the people to attend the pms public rally.
;;0.3182;;modi, who is coming to the state fresh after the gujarat exit polls indicated a bjp victory on thursday, will address a rally at the polo 5th ground (dalang open stage).
;;0.4019;;modi will also inaugurate a new party office here, he added.
;;0.2263;;according to the tentative programme, modi will land at the upper shillong helipad on saturday at 1pm and proceed straight to the state convention centre, followed by his address at the polo ground.
;;0.0;;i look forward to speaking with prime minister modi about the fact that india, for years having put very high tarif https://t.
;;0.6249;;singapore: us president donald trump looks forward to speaking with prime minister modi about a recent increase in its already high tariffs against the united states, he said on the social network twitter on thursday.
;;0.0;;trump will hold a bilateral meeting with pm modi on friday on the sidelines of the g-20 summit.
;;0.3818;;this would be his first meeting with modi after the bjp's stunning victory in the general elections.
;;0.34;;it comes after the india visit of us secretary of state mike pompeo, during which he met pm modi , external affairs minister s jaishankar and national security advisor ajit doval.
;;0.128;;aizawl / shillong:prime minister modi virtually launched bjps campaign for meghalaya, nagaland and tripura , which go to the polls early next year, by announcing on saturday that the centre would invest rs 90,000 crore on building roads in northeast in the next two to three years.
;;0.0;;modi began his address in chaste khasi, kumno phi long (how are you), and then went on to take a jibe at meghalaya cm mukul sangma.
;;0.0;;in aizawl, modi inaugurated the 60-mw tuirial hydel project, making mizoram the third power-surplus state in northeast after sikkim and tripura.
;;0.0;;deputy cm modi has been a shining example of public service and leadership for over four decades.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: prime minister modi will release on friday commemorative stamps on 12 modern masters in the field of traditional indian systems of medicine and yoga to celebrate their unsung legacy, officials said on thursday.
;;0.0;;raj congratulated prime minister modi for the bjp's victory but tweeted weren't you supposed to sweep with your vikaas?
;;0.0;;he inquired whether modi will pause for a moment to realise that divisive politics has not worked.
;;-0.5574;;patiala: shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee ( sgpc ) president gobind singh longowal has written prime minister modi to have the unofficial ban on the entry of sikhs into gurdwara gurudongmar in sikkim.
;;0.6249;;the research institute, inaugurated by prime minister modi last year, recently bagged a $2 million grant from google under its ai impact challenge for its pest management solution.
;;0.7351;;he said due to the visionary leadership of prime minister modi , the country was moving ahead on the path of progress and prosperity.
;;0.0;;at a rally in sonamura, prime minister modi urged the people to replace manik (gemstone) with hira (diamond)  the latter spelt out in terms of highways, railways and airways.
;;0.3612;;(photo courtesy: ani)new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday arrived in parliament library on the second day of ' abhyas varga ' training programme being organised by the bjp for all its parliamentarians in lok sabha and rajya sabha.
;;0.4215;;while modi spoke on how to become an 'efficient mp', nadda spoke on organisation expansion and party's mantra of 'paanch nishthayen' (that include rashtriyata (nationalism), democracy, gandhiwadi samajwad (gandhian socialism), sarvadharm sambhav (religious harmony) and politics guided by morals.
;;0.6124;;ahmedabad: in a bid to strengthen the party cadre before the 2017 assembly polls, the bjp on sunday started functioning its 48,000 booths across gujarat, where its leaders listened to prime minister modi 's radio programme 'mann ki baat'.
;;0.8591;;in a communique, cm rupani stated: on september 17, namami devi narmade utsav will be celebrated at the kevadiya colony to mark the event of filling up of the water up to the frl level in the dam for the first time as well as celebrate the birthday of pm modi.
;;-0.872;;he was the protagonist and his estranged wife the victim kollywood film director s r modi , who murdered sandhya on january 19 and was arrested on tuesday, told police he smashed her head with a hammer after failing to convince her to give up her dream of becoming an actor.
;;-0.5267;;last week, modi himself lodged a complaint with the tuticorin police, saying his wife was missing.
;;-0.25;;when investigation officer albin raj questioned modi , nothing in his answers created any suspicion.
;;0.0;;panaji: prime minister modi met a state delegation on wednesday over the resumption of mining in goa and said he would look for a resolution to restart operations.
;;-0.5106;;gaonkar also told modi that failure to resume mining in the state would have political implications.
;;-0.1531;;the state delegation told modi that the cessation of mining had affected 12,000 truck owners, 700 machinery and around 3 lakh families.
;;0.0;;he also said they told modi that leases are in private properties and it belonged to existing mining companies.
;;0.3612;;on january 20, modi spoke for the first time on goas mining issue through video conferencing and assured the people of taking steps to restarting mining in the state.
;;0.4767;;new delhi, oct 21 () prime minister modi will attend monday the fourth edition of the niti lecture series focussed on 'leveraging artificial intelligence for inclusive growth', according to an official statement.
;;0.0;;modi will attend the lecture series in which the key note address will be delivered by jensen huang, president and co-founder of us-based technology firm nvidia corporation, the niti aayog said sunday.
;;0.0;;the 'niti lectures: transforming india' was inaugurated by modi in august 2016 featuring eminent speakers from across the world.
;;0.0;;athawale said that although he intends to be part of the nda led by prime minister modi , he would decide on the future course of action on february 25.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 12, 2019bihar deputy cm modi and others releasing economic survey 2018-19 at assembly in patna on monday.
;;-0.6808;;co/jdo1fmi0hi  manish tewari (@manishtewari) 1514273551000new delhi: the congress today hinted that prime minister modi is like the cinematic bad santa for the hardships they believe he caused with the note ban and the introduction of gst.
;;0.7269;;it's fairly obvious tewari is referring to pm modi , who touts the institution of a unified tax regime and the demonetisation of high-value notes as his government's two big successes.
;;-0.3182;;tmc chief mamata banerjee (file photo)new delhi: at a time when the battle for bengal between ruling trianmool congress and bjp is getting intense with an eye on the 2021 assembly polls, chief minister and tmc chief mamata banerjee is set to meet prime minister modi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;the meeting, which comes at a time when several tmc leaders and former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar are under cbi scanner in sarada ponzi scheme scam, would be the first between modi and mamata since pm modi won his second term in may.
;;0.2023;;mamatas meeting with modi is also significant as it comes weeks ahead of talks between the pm and his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina on october 5.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi has previously said that the court process will need to play out before any other initiative on the temple can be considered.
;;0.4588;;this story is from october 21, 2018new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday inaugurated and dedicated to the nation a refurbished national police memorial and a newly-built museum for the khaki-donning forces.
;;0.4939;;while jayalalithaa was known to be a friend of prime minister modi , she maintained an identity of her own.
;;0.0;;the congress leader had said he had spoken to prime minister modi , kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan wayanad district collector and congress workers in the state on the flood situation in his constituency.
;;0.2716;;the move, which comes at a time when china is expanding its maritime footprint in the region, was the most significant decision among a series of other pacts the two sides signed after talks between prime minister modi and president joko widodo during the pms first visit to indonesia.
;;0.4588;;when he was not flying kites with jokowi, modi visited the grand istiqlal mosque, the largest in south-east asia, accompanied by jokowi.
;;0.1027;;it will also hold a sit-in demonstration in delhi on december 11 and submit a memorandum to prime minister modi and union home minister rajnath singh detailing the partys demands, debbarma said.
;;0.34;;this story is from october 22, 2018prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi: the indian carpet industry will capture 50  of the export market of the world in two years, said prime minister modi , adding that the industry should try to take the export value from the existing rs 9,000 crore to rs 25,000 crore by 2022.
;;0.0;;modi was addressing the inauguration of the four-day india carpet expo in varanasi on sunday via a video link.
;;0.4754;;ahmedabad: the most popular coinage by prime minister modi after he undertook the sadbhavna mission as gujarat chief minister in 2011, was sabka sath, sabka vikas.
;;0.0;;the 24-year-old indian made short work of japans nozomi okuhara in the final to claim her first gold in five appearances  she also has two silver and two bronze medals  and shes been busy calling on prime minister modi and sports minister kiren rijiju on arrival in delhi early on tuesday morning.
;;0.5574;;prime minister modi has assured that the government is committed to the protection of arecanut farmers, kateel added.
;;0.0;;we have sent bangles to chief minister and our women workers dispatched postcards to prime minister modi over the incident.
;;0.1779;;new delhi: prime minister modi will observe a day-long fast on thursday along with all party mps in protest against the washout of the recent parliament session.
;;0.4019;;party sources said modi will stick to his schedule and work from his residence at 7, lok kalyan marg despite the fast.
;;0.34;;union minister jp nadda will be in the pms constituency varanasi for the fast as modi will be busy with official engagements.
;;-0.1531;;to expose the congress for its undemocratic style of functioning, and pursuing divisive politics and anti-development agenda, pm modi will observe day-long fast on april 12.
;;0.4588;;on wednesday, modi will chair a cabinet meeting to review the status of schemes dedicated to bhimrao ambedkar.
;;0.4019;;modi will address bjp lawmakers through hotline on wednesday as most mps will be stationed in their constituencies observing social harmony day on the occasion of another dalit icon jyotiba phules birth anniversary.
;;0.4588;;on april 14, modi will unveil several monuments dedicated to ambedkar, including the place where he breathed his last in the capital.
;;0.0;;bjp mp cr paatil, a close confidant of prime minister modi , had lobbied with the loss-making national carrier for the flight.
;;-0.6808;;chief minister mamata banerjee had started a dharna on sunday evening protesting against the alleged highhandedness of the centre and insults meted out to her by prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;-0.8625;;owaisi asked whether prime minister modi would call those who killed ansari terrorists.
;;0.0;;if modi goes to two temples, chandrashekar rao goes to six, he said.
;;-0.3182;;new delhi: continuing with its focus on the removal of cbi director, congress saturday alleged that central vigilance commissioner k v chowdarys late decision to cancel his trip to denmark on october 23 has exposed that the watchdogs report against alok verma was orchestrated by the government and prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1779;;utilising kaginele, the karma bhoomi of eminent saintpoet kanakadasa, who is revered by the kuruba community, as a forum to criticize siddaramaiah, shah told the gathering at the state-level obc convention that prime minister modi wanted to give constitutional status to the obc commission.
;;-0.1531;;while sonia issued the first plea in the meeting of opposition parties on february 1, rahul took the cue to argue that state-level rivalries could be resolved for the larger battle against bjp led by prime minister modi .
;;-0.7964;;new delhi, nov 8 () on the second anniversary of demonetisation, the congress thursday alleged it was the biggest scam of independent india that should be probed and asserted that the people will punish prime minister modi for his wreckless decision.
;;-0.1779;;congress's spokesperson anand sharma, at a press conference, also alleged that demonetisation was a big money laundering project, npas have increased sharply, the banking system was struggling, and now the modi government was bent on snatching the contingency reserves of the reserve bank of india (rbi).
;;-0.4166;;time has come for prime minister modi to take responsibility for this destruction and apologise.
;;-0.5267;;he said prime minister modi gave four reasons for demonetisation - targeting black money, corruption, terror financing and counterfeit currency.
;;0.4404;;she was also trolled recently for her tweets addressed to prime minister modi about making the country safe for women.
;;0.7579;;this was the reason i started this social media campaign where every morning, i tweet to pm modi and the supreme court that they should take some steps soon to make this country safe for women, she says.
;;0.875;;on other hand, central agriculture minister gajender singh shekhawat campaigned and praised prime minister modi for taking the country ahead in a positive direction.
;;0.4019;;district in-charge minister kalu lal gujjar also campaigned for bjp and central minister cr choudhary also talked about various programmes of modi government and sought jat leaders support for bjp.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone for the navi mumbai international airport was laid by prime minister modi and the first flight is set to take off by 2019.
;;-0.5994;;kasargod: the return of modi to power will be the death knell of all the constitutional institutions in india, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said on saturday.
;;-0.5994;;return of modi to power will be the death knell of all the constitutional institutions in india.
;;0.2144;;we have not made any deals with the congress party, but the aim is to oust the modi government.
;;0.0;;cpm state secretary modi began his march from the southern district of the state -- thiruvananthapuram -- on thursday and it was inaugurated by cpi general secretary s sudhakar reddy.
;;-0.128;;in a video that was shared by the bjp on twitter, former union minister vilasrao muttemwar can be seen making personal attacks on pm modi and his father.
;;0.3147;;earlier, responding to raj babbar 's remarks, pm modi launched a scathing attack on the congress and the gandhi family on saturday, saying the opposition party was dragging his mother into the political slugfest as it did not have any real issue and could not fight him.
;;-0.8591;;saying he was speaking in pain, modi added, after all, their weapons to target modi have failed.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone is likely to be laid by month-end when prime minister modi would visit the city.
;;0.5574;;the visit was announced amid diplomatic efforts by both the countries to reset the relations on a positive mode with high-level visits including the expected visit of prime minister modi to take part in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit to be held in june at the chinese city of qingdao.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi had made it clear that reservation wont end at any cost.
;;-0.8779;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday condemned the blast in manchester in the uk which killed at least 19 people and injured around 50.
;;0.4767;;a few names that emerged during recent discussions are that of state home minister and cms blue-eyed boy bhupendra singh, state public relations minister and bjp chief amit shahs close confidant narottam mishra, lok sabha member from jabalpur rakesh singh, national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya , prime minister modi modis trusted lieutenant modi singh tomar and bjp in-charge of manipur prahlad singh patel.
;;0.0;;rakesh singh has maintained close association with prime minsiter modi during the last three years.
;;0.0;;in my individual capacity, i am appealing to prime minister modi and jal shakti minister gajendra singh shekhawat to take over the polavaram project so as to complete it in a span of one-and-a-half-years, he said.
;;-0.4588;;terming the visit of central team as an eye wash, he said he would boycott the visit by prime minister modi to the state by carrying black flag protest if the centre fails to release rs 25,000 crore relief package to the state.
;;-0.0258;;in an apparent backtracking from his comments after meeting prime minister modi on the sidelines of the g7 summit in france, trump on monday said he feels that both india and pakistan can resolve the kashmir problem on their own.
;;0.6597;;prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah had described former chief minister and telugu desam party (tdp) president n chandrababu naidu as u-turn babu during their election campaign in march as he had left nda to support congress.
;;0.4019;;this was the advice given by prime minister modi to party workers during their interactions with him over teleconference.
;;0.6369;;apart from party workers, youth like a g prithvi who was part of modi for pm2019 campaign in south chennai said that they have been posting the photographs of several bjp governments schemes on twitter handle.
;;0.6114;;it was duly acknowledged by modi via his tweet: excellent effort!
;;0.1779;;credit: lok sabha tvnew delhi: lok sabha on tuesday witnessed an uproar over us president donald trump 's remarks on kashmir mediation, with congress demanding a reply from prime minister modi on the issue.
;;0.34;;trump had on monday claimed that prime minister modi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir.
;;0.4404;;the document, a part of the 100 day-plan being prepared by union ministries on the direction of prime minister modi , lays down the vision for the national transporter for the next three months.
;;0.0;;the 182-metre-tall statue was unveiled by prime minister modi on october 31 last year.
;;0.0;;before rahul spoke, scindia gave him advice stating that you need to say what modi (referring to waiving farmers loan).
;;0.8625;;talking about development works taken during the four and a half years long regime of prime minister modi led central government, irani said: under the leadership of prime minister modi , whether it is the interest of the nation, farmers or common men, every sector has witnessed remarkable improvement.
;;0.0;;new delhi: india and south africa will announce a roadmap for their strategic partnership on friday when visiting south african president cyril ramaphosa holds talks with prime minister modi .
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi on thursday launched 'kisan maan-dhan yojana' or pm-kmy and urged the farmers to join the old age pension scheme.
;;0.6597;;while naming amar patnaik and sasmit as bjd's rajya sabha candidates, patnaik had on friday said that prime minister modi and union home minister and bjp chief amit shah spoke to him and his party will support vaishnav.
;;0.0;;co/pkg30itcjf  piyush goyal (@piyushgoyal) 1567693608000vladivostok: prime minister modi on thursday declined a sprawling sofa kept specially for him at a photo session here and instead chose to sit on a chair along with others.
;;0.0;;new delhi: setting the narrative for 2019 general election, the modi government will project the works done during its 48 months at the centre so far, pitting it against the 48-year rule by the gandhi family.
;;0.0;;one family either directly or indirectly ruled the country for 48 years, prime minister modi had said in february while addressing a public meeting in puducherry while referring to the governments of jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi.
;;0.7269;;meanwhile, sivan said prime minister modi modi's address and outpouring of support and kind words for isro after the chandrayaan-2s vikram unsuccessful bid to touchdown on lunar surface have boosted the morale of its scientists and engineers.
;;0.9152;;pm was incredible yesterday, he said, praising modi for inspiring, encouraging and reassuring sivan and isro team and fully backing them.
;;-0.8316;;new delhi: prime minister modi will inaugurate the subhash chandra bose museum at red fort to mark the leader's 122nd birth anniversary modi will also visit the yaad-e-jallian museum, (museum on the jallianwala bagh and world war i ) and the museum on 1857- india's first war of independence and drishyakala-museum on indian art at the same venue, a statement from his office said.
;;0.0;;bhopal: state congress came down heavily on prime minister modi for attending the valedictory function of the narmada seva yatra at amarkantak on monday.
;;0.8807;;congress party reminded that pm modi stood on the red fort and promised to the nation a clean, corruption free country.
;;0.8834;;regarding the india-china bilateral relationship, rao said that informal summit between prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping is a good move and added that such meetings would play a significant role in improving the relationship and bilateral ties shared between both countries.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is scheduled to arrive on march 16 to inaugurate several projects - with the dam being one of them.
;;0.6369;;things have improved a lot in the last few years as awareness has increased with prime minister modi 's focus on ' beti bachao ' campaign.
;;0.6124;;patna: the state jd(u) on sunday assailed the bjp-led nda government for reneging on the then bjp prime ministerial candidate modi modi's poll promise that the new minimum support price (msp) for wheat would be fixed by adding 50  of the cost of production to the existing cost quantum.
;;0.0;;nitish's letter to dave also referred to his letter sent to pm modi on october 6 last year.
;;0.0;;36 lakh land owners in telangana will be benefited by the central governments kisan samaman nidhi programme in its first phase when prime minister modi launches the programme in gorakhpur on february 24.
;;-0.0772;;this story is from december 3, 2018external affairs minister sushma swaraj during a party meeting in bikaner on sundaydownload the times of india news app for latest citybikaner: hitting out at congress president rahul gandhi for questioning prime minister modi modi's knowledge about hinduism, external affairs minister sushma swaraj , on sunday, said that the fight is between the three captains, pakistan cricket captain imran khan, military captain amarinder singh and congress captain gandhi, reacting to congress leader navjot singh sidhu 's series of statements, including that on the punjab chief minister.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 13, 2019file photo of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;nagpur: five years ago as wannabe prime minister modi caused a splash at his chai pe charcha with farmers at dabhadi village in yavatmal district .
;;-0.5267;;with the oppositions main thrust likely to be on farm distress, modi has opted to visit the hotspot and take on his rivals.
;;0.128;;the congress leaders have said they would hold protests to disrupt the rally, a challenge that modi has accepted.
;;0.6249;;the party said prime minister modi waived off the requirement of sovereign guarantee from france despite insistence from the law ministry and the then defence minister that it be sought.
;;-0.4767;;this story is from november 26, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: chief minister shivraj singh chouhan on sunday slammed congress for personal attack on prime minister modi and him.
;;-0.4404;;congress leaders are making personal attacks on pm modi and myself.
;;0.8176;;new delhi: the special cbi court praised former trai chairman nripendra misra , who is now the principal secretary to prime minister modi , for his commitment in seeking implementation of recommendations of the telecom regulator.
;;-0.34;;earlier on friday morning, while taking out a short cycle rally to amaravati, naidu issued a stern warning to prime minister modi and the bjp people of the state have taught a lesson to the congress.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi had promised to waive off loans of farmers.
;;-0.1779;;he added that modi has failed to fulfil the promises made to the farmers before becoming the prime minister.
;;0.4215;;a union cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister modi approved the setting up of the panel.
;;0.6908;;under the strong leadership of pm modi and chief minister sarbananda sonowal , several steps have been taken to provide constitutional safeguards to the indigenous people of assam.
;;0.25;;biplab said, we are indebted to prime minister modi for coming up with a new vision for the northeast.
;;0.0;;president of the meghalaya state unit of the npp, wr kharlukhi said, the lok sabha election will be a different ball game altogether, during which it would be primarily a clash between the personalities of prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi .
;;0.1027;;ahmedabad: as police conducted a rehearsal of security arrangements for prime minister modi modis visit, and with people thronging the ahmedabad municipal corporations flower show on the riverfront, commuters bore the brunt of mismanagement by traffic cops, which led to major traffic jams.
;;0.0258;;ahmedabad: the sardar sarovar dam in gujarat is expected to reach its full storage capacity soon, a milestone that will be witnessed by prime minister modi on september 17, which also happens to be his birthday.
;;0.5719;;prime minister modi will be present at the dam site to celebrate the feat on september 17, which is also his 69th birthday, rupani said on saturday.
;;0.8126;;whoever is the party candidate, work for him or her in the interest of the nation and prime minister modi , he was quoted as telling a party workers' convention in mudhol town of bagalkot district.
;;0.1154;;addressing a women's convention in nippani town of belagavi district later in the evening, shah said aicc president rahul gandhi was asking for an account of the four years of the modi government, but people of karnataka want an account of what the nehru-gandhi family has given the country.
;;-0.5423;;shah said modi , who came from a poor family, knew the plight of poor women and freed 6.
;;0.7543;;ludhiana: the bjp governments last budget may not have gone down well with the micro, small and medium enterprises (msme) sector, but punjabs big business houses are all praise for prime minister modi and finance minister arun jaitley for refraining from announcing a populist budget.
;;0.4019;;the conference, which is annually held at rashtrapati bhavan, delhi, was shifted to chandigarh after prime minister modi had expressed desire to hold the event here.
;;0.0;;president ram nath kovind , vice-president venkaiah naidu , prime minister modi , minister of home affairs rajnath singh and other ministers were also to take part in the two-day event.
;;-0.8442;;coimbatore: the 53-yearold man arrested for boasting of his plan to kill prime minister modi in a telephonic conversation with a truck contractor, was detained under the national security act (nsa) by city police commissioner k periaiah on monday evening.
;;-0.8176;;in light of his past and his recent plot to kill modi , ganesh had requested police commissioner periaiah to detain rafiq under nsa.
;;-0.6597;;the police said the protesters set fire to the effigies of prime minister modi , assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal, and also blocked the national highway shouting slogans against the bjp-led nda government.
;;0.0;;he added that the introduction of this new train is another step towards transformation through transportation announced by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5106;;traffic on the ever-busy bengaluru-mysuru road was disrupted in the morningprotesters in bengaluru damaged buses, burnt tyres and raised slogans against the bjp government on wednesdayconfusion over bandhbengaluru: thousands of congress workers and supporters across the state staged protests over former minister dk shivakumars arrest, condemning the central government, pelting stones at ksrtc and private buses and burning effigies of prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah.
;;0.0;;with heavyweights such as prime minister modi , congress leader rahul gandhi and cpm leader sitaram yechury flocking to kochi, election campaign has started informally and the byelection will test the water.
;;-0.3804;;the chief minister was particularly critical of prime minister modi and the nda government.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is scheduled to inaugurate this extraordinarily conceptualised and implemented gujarat experience on september 2.
;;0.0;;gujarat government had placed a request for a new gujarat bhavan and soon after modi became the prime minister of india.
;;0.6369;;the union minister added that with the abrogation of special status to jammu and kashmir both prime minister modi and home minister amit shah were eager to include kashmir and the rest of the region in the mainstream of india's development process.
;;0.4019;;the pm modi led government has development with dignity as its motto, in jammu, kashmir, leh and kargil people were not in the mainstream development process due to article 370 .
;;-0.6249;;i have brought the crisis to the notice of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0258;;the actor's close association with prime minister modi and his perceived saffron leanings have given rise to conjectures that he may take the political plunge with bjp backing.
;;-0.836;;ramnagar (mandla): on his first visit to a tribal region of mp on tuesday, prime minister modi defended the recent ordinance allowing the death sentence for rapists of children below 12 years.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: prime minister modi 's two-day meet with chinese president xi jinping is widely being seen as a significant thaw as far as the relation between the two asian powerhouses is concerned.
;;0.0;;in a rare gesture, xi will not meet modi in capital beijing, but at mao zedong's private villa in the city of wuhan.
;;0.4754;;xi's elevation as the most powerful chinese leader since mao and the coming of age of the second largest economy, that he is talking about, leaves modi with a lot of levers to pull.
;;0.0;;modi himself, leading to an election year, will be looking to bolster the country's economy which only just seems to be recovering after the twin reform of demonetisation and gst.
;;-0.872;;co/s567nfrdgb  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1563274841000download the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday expressed anguish over the death people after a building collapsed in dongri area in mumbai.
;;0.5106;;maharashtra government, ndrf and local authorities are working on rescue operations & assisting those in need, the prime minister's office tweeted quoting modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.2263;;(file photo)new delhi: prime minister modi will saturday chair the fifth meeting of the niti aayog's governing council which will focus on issues like the drought situation, farm distress, rain-water harvesting and preparedness for kharif crops.
;;0.0;;this will be the first governing council meeting under the new modi government.
;;0.0;;in the third meeting on april 23, 2017, modi had pitched for conducting simultaneous elections of the lok sabha and the state assemblies and shifting to a january-december fiscal year.
;;0.7579;;nadda, who made a brief halt in the city while on his way to delhi from bilaspur in himachal pradesh, told toi that the development work carried out by the union government under the charismatic leadership of prime minister modi was going to win the saffron party all the four seats in the hill state yet again.
;;0.4404;;you will see people voting in favour of bjp to bring back modi , he claimed.
;;0.4019;;bijnor: it came as a surprise to two sisters, aged 10 and 5, who had not expected a reply from prime minister modi when they sent handmade cards with new year wishes to him.
;;0.0516;;along with cards, they also sent a letter urging pm modi to reduce the weight of schoolbags for children and the burden of school fees (private schools) on parents, said proud father piyush kumar mittal.
;;0.0;;the chief minister also spoke to ministers about his meeting with prime minister modi in new delhi and discussed with them the arrangements for the mgr centenary celebrations.
;;0.5106;;as governor, my responsibility will be to see that the state government functions in adherence to the constitution, khan said and expressed gratitude to prime minister modi for the assignment.
;;0.6705;;residents of the diamond city flooded the official twitter handle of prime minister modi and union minister of state for civil aviation urging them to expedite the process for an international airport in surat we work for a working airport at surat (wwwas) members flooded the twitter handle of union minister jayant sinha and prime minister modi posting old pictures of their meetings and representations submitted for improved facilities at surat airport and international air connectivity.
;;0.822;;we trust on your promise modiji and so please put this on high priority, tweeted sandeep shukla to modi.
;;0.8885;;new delhi: india reaffirmed its support to palestine on tuesday with prime minister modi telling palestinian president mahmoud abbas that he hoped to see the realisation of a sovereign, independent, united and viable palestine, co-existing peacefully with israel.
;;0.2732;;india and palestine signed five agreements after talks between modi and abbas, who is on a four-day visit to india.
;;0.8934;;it is the first visit by mahmoud abbas during the modi government's tenure and comes on the heels of his surprisingly successful visit to washington dc where he was given an enthusiastic welcome by donald trump trump is expected to visit israel and palestine later this month on his first tour overseas, which is expected to give fresh oxygen to a struggling process.
;;0.0;;modi will be the first indian pm to visit israel on july 5-6.
;;0.0;;janakpur: prime minister modi and his nepalese counterpart k p sharma oli today jointly inaugurated a direct bus service between janakpur and ayodhya - the two sacred cities for hindus.
;;0.3818;;this is a historic moment, prime minister modi said while inaugurating the bus service as part of the ramayan circuit to promote religious tourism in nepal and india.
;;0.6908;;modi flagged off the bus after visiting the famed 20th century janaki temple, dedicated to the hindu goddess sita, where he offered special prayers.
;;0.4588;;thousands of people have gathered in the janaki temple premises to welcome modi.
;;0.1027;;earlier, defence minister ishwar pokhrel and province 2 chief minister lalbabu raut received prime minister modi at the airport upon his arrival.
;;0.0;;this is the third visit of prime minister modi to nepal and the first high-level visit from india since the formation of the new government in nepal this year.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi is likely to launch the campaign against single use plastic (sup) on september 11 from mathura sources said the government is also likely to come out with a detailed description of what all constitute sup.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has asked him to visit flood-hit areas and submit a report.
;;-0.296;;close on the heels of prime minister modi giving a clarion call to ban single-use plastic, 8,500 students across the district have collected polyethylene terephthalate (pet) bottles over the last two weeks to build a plastic house.
;;0.7003;;srtepc stated that the msme programme launched by prime minister modi on november 2 is designed on 12 key initiatives which will help growth, expansion and facilitation of msmes across the country.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: at a rally at jantar mantar on wednesday that was attended by several opposition parties, including congress, chief minister arvind kejriwal tore into prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1531;;further alleging that the bjp government received commission for purchasing rafale fighter jets at an extremely inflated cost, kejriwal asked modi to explain who benefited from the commission.
;;0.0;;it has been proved that modi himself took the decision to purchase the jets at rs 1,600 crore and officers could do nothing.
;;0.0;;at the cost of hal, the contract was given to anil ambanis company by modi.
;;0.0;;narendra modi wanted to give a message across the country.
;;-0.0608;;had the commissioner been arrested, all the state governments of the country and police of all states would have received a message that now they do not need to fear the state governments but only the modi government.
;;-0.5423;;modi wants to destroy the constitution and democracy.
;;0.0;;the delhi chief minister described the jantar mantar gathering as historic and predicted that the gathering will result in the removal of the modi government.
;;-0.4588;;this election is to defeat modi.
;;0.6808;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said that governors have a pivotal role in ensuring welfare of tribal communities in states with significant population of sts, in what appeared to be an allusion to the much-ignored constitutional arrangement which gives raj bhavans a special place in the administration of scheduled areas.
;;-0.7819;;the last meeting would be held in amaravati , when tdp would bring all its ranks to the capital to expose how prime minister modi had betrayed the state by not extending financial support to build the capital city.
;;-0.597;;banerjee didnt hide her displeasure over prime minister modi modis flagging off of the semi high-speed delhi-varanasi vande bharat express the day after the tragedy.
;;0.0;;the sunni leader also met prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;by the time of the elections, these fronts will become defunct and people will vote for (prime minister narendra) modi , he said.
;;0.7506;;new delhi: bjp leaders greeted prime minister modi on his 69th birthday on tuesday and hailed him as a visionary leader and statesman.
;;0.1027;;he added modi has brought development and worked as a reformist, giving a new direction to politics, and also found permanent solutions to the problems going on for decades along with economic reforms.
;;0.7351;;union minister for railways piyush goyal hailed modi as a statesman, decisive leader and an inspiration for all.
;;0.5719;;happy birthday pm modi , goyal tweeted.
;;0.0;;modi has a packed schedule and will spend most part of the day in gujarat.
;;0.8271;;my greetings to our popular prime minister and a respected world leader pm modi on his birthday.
;;0.1027;;hyderabad: after going to town about telanganas rythu bandhu scheme for farmers in the national media, telangana chief minister k chandrashekar rao will meet prime minister modi to apprise him about the states flagship scheme on june 15 in new delhi.
;;-0.296;;modi has finally given appointment to the telangana cm, after he missed getting one more than a fortnight ago.
;;0.1531;;his earlier appointment with modi on may 28 didnt come through as the pm was busy with other engagements and hard-pressed for time, it is understood.
;;0.0;;according to the chief ministers office, kcr would call on modi at 12.
;;0.0;;an appointment with the prime minister was sought but it could not be accommodated by the pmo that day as modi was off on a foreign tour the next day, sources said.
;;0.0;;kcr is expected to apprise modi about the farmers input subsidy scheme his government is implementing.
;;0.1531;;kcr may invite modi for commissioning of kaleshwaram projectanother ?
;;0.1531;;80,000 crore kaleshwaram irrigation project, which is in its completion stage and may invite modi for a commissioning programme for the project, especially since there are efforts to have the first pump house of the massive project up and running as early as july.
;;0.4019;;the meeting with modi is also the first in the wake of efforts that the telangana rashtra samithi (trs) president has been making to forge an alliance of regional parties as an alternative to bjp and congress.
;;0.0;;the class x english paper examination held on monday reading portion had a passage on life sketch of prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;it termed modi a croad puller instead of crowd puller.
;;0.128;;pm modi is in bahrain in the first ever visit by an indian prime minister (ap)manama (bahrain): prime minister modi on sunday launched the $4.
;;0.0;;modi arrived here on saturday, the first ever by an indian prime minister to bahrain.
;;0.4404;;mumbai: congress chief rahul gandhi's development book has improved much since 2014 and he has his sister priyanka gandhi vadra's support, but they cannot be compared with prime minister modi 's leadership, the shiv sena said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;maintaining that there was no enmity between the sena and the bjp, it said if (bihar chief minister and jd-u head) nitish kumar could join the nda despite differences of opinion with modi and if the congress could forge a mahagathbandhan (grand alliance), then the sena has always been a part of the bjp-led coalition.
;;0.0;;the sena said there was resentment in 2014 against the congress and its allies and there was a wave in favour of modi.
;;-0.5423;;laxman charged chief minister k chandrasekhar rao of standing on prestige rather than simply acknowledging and regretting that he had referred to prime minister modi in his speech.
;;0.5994;;as goyal announced the proposal for full tax rebate to individual taxpayers with annual income up to rs 5 lakh, and to raise standard deduction for salaried persons from rs 40,000 to rs 50,000, lok sabha erupted in loud cheers with treasury benches thumping tables and lustily chanting modi , modi.
;;0.9118;;in the eyes of the ruling party, the modi government had just dealt a winning hand and prime minister modi , usually a dispassionate onlooker, joined the cheering, beaming and thumping his desk.
;;0.0;;banerjee said parliament had been reduced to a cinema hall with pm modi as hero and goyal as the villain.
;;0.0;;pm modi on friday held bilateral talks with crown prince of saudi arabia mohammed bin salman.
;;0.5423;;co/hrwvcy87j1  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561692195000osaka: prime minister modi on friday held bilateral talks with crown prince of saudi arabia mohammed bin salman and discussed deepening cooperation in trade and investment, energy security and counter-terrorism with the invaluable strategic partner in osaka.
;;0.0;;modi, who is in japan for the g20 summit , met with the saudi prince on the margins of the summit after the informal brics leaders' meeting.
;;-0.9633;;modi and salman, in a joint statement in february, condemned in the strongest terms the february 14 pulwama terror attack in which 40 crpf personnel were killed by a suicide bomber of pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammad terror group.
;;-0.4215;;8 per cent in the seven quarters after it against the 8 per cent recorded prior to the note ban , says former chief economic advisor arvind subramanian breaking his silence on the november 8, 2016 decision of prime minister modi , he says that he does not have a strongly-backed empirical view apart from the fact that the welfare costs, especially on the informal sector, were substantial.
;;0.34;;co/krktd06mnq  delhi metro rail corporation (@officialdmrc) 1565688232000new delhi: multi-layered security arrangements are in place for the 73rd independence day celebrations at the red fort, from where prime minister modi will address the nation on august 15, officials said on tuesday.
;;-0.128;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis on friday slammed opposition parties for blaming electronic voting machines (evms) for poll reverses, claiming voters have only prime minister modi in mind.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 10, 2018punjab chief minister captain amarinder singhdownload the times of india news app for latest citychandigarh: after opposing the merger of ut dsps with danips cadre, punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh has now urged prime minister modi to maintain the status quo in filling up of civil posts in the ut.
;;0.0;;in a letter to modi , singh asked the pm to personally intervene and advise the ministry of home affairs to maintain the ratio of 60:40 between punjab and haryana in filling up civil posts in the ut as has been done in the past.
;;-0.2732;;without naming congress or any of the other players in gujarat, shah told a press conference that bjp had not factored in that the level of campaign by its rivals would stoop to such low levels, especially the kind of language that was used against prime minister modi , an obvious reference to the neech remark by congress leader mani shankar aiyer.
;;0.3182;;shah attributed bjps victories in gujarat and himachal pradesh to modi governments development agenda and the hard work of party workers.
;;0.0;;the 182-metre statue was inaugurated by prime minister modi in october 2018.
;;-0.8225;;chayare, in a six-page suicide note purportedly written by him, had blamed prime minister modi and others.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is likely to flag off the train soon.
;;-0.4767;;launching an attack on prime minister modi , he said: making a hole in pocket of small businessmen and start-ups, modi government introduced a new tax overnight, called 'gabbar singh tax' (gst).
;;0.6858;;bjp and rss has no dearth of money, but they take cash from citizens and fill their own pockets or give to their industrialist friends, like anil ambani, mehul choksi, nirav modi , vijay mallya and modi , the aicc chief remarked.
;;0.6124;;tearing into the pm he said: modi had promised that each citizen will get rs 15 lakh credited in their account.
;;0.2263;;if modi waives loan worth rs 3.
;;0.296;;he also accused prime minister modi of encouraging horse-trading so the bjp returned to power.
;;0.4404;;* all eyes are now on karnataka governor vajubhai vala, former rss man from gujarat known to have a good rapport with prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4767;;representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest cityahmedabad: even more than two years after prime minister modi demonetized notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 denominations, gujarat continues to throw up fake rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said it would be a big mistake to think that pakistan would start behaving after just one surgical strike operation, underlining that it will take a long time to rein in indias western neighbour.
;;-0.7351;;guwahati/agartala/itanagar: in his second visit to assam in a month, prime minister modi , facing black flag agitations and nude protests by those opposed to the citizenship (amendment) bill, on saturday said his government would ensure that the proposed amendment would, at no cost, hurt the language, identity and culture of assam and the northeast.
;;0.128;;anticipating protests, a three-tier security arrangement was in place all the way from the agartala airport to the swami vivekananda stadium, where modi addressed a rally.
;;-0.431;;in arunachal pradesh, congress staged a black flag protest before modi arrived but its protesters were not allowed to proceed to indira gandhi park in itanagar, where the pm laid the foundation of and inaugurated several projects.
;;0.4939;;new delhi: in its bid to re-build the trust between doctors and patients , which has been dented severely in the recent past due to reports of overcharging and needless procedures, the delhi medical association has recommended certain steps to prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5267;;along with soldiers, i salute the political leadership of the country under prime minister modi , who has shown zero tolerance towards terrorism, shah said.
;;-0.34;;in his letter to prime minister modi , deshpande stressed on the need to recognize bengaluru as the second capital city of the nation.
;;0.3818;;this, despite prime minister modi trying to take credit for the kartarpur sahib corridor he said.
;;-0.9042;;malappuram: pothukal police on wednesday arrested a teenager for threatening to kill prime minister modi , through a whatsapp post.
;;0.3252;;on sunday, bjp president amit shah had said in lakhimpur that the sacrifices of 40 crpf jawans in j&ks pulwama will not go in vain because the centre is ruled by bjp under prime minister modi and not by congress.
;;-0.4939;;be it kashmir or the northeast, our government is determined to uproot terrorism because at the centre we have the government of modi and not of congress.
;;0.34;;the modi government never compromises on countrys security.
;;-0.6124;;according to ahmedabad fire and emergency services (afes) officials, modi owns kamla quality store in sahajanand complex near aec crossroads in naranpura.
;;0.0;;modi at that time was at back of the shop.
;;0.0;;modi tried to extinguish the flames on his own with water but it was too late.
;;-0.5859;;soon the entire shop was engulfed in smoke, which led to modi's losing consciousness and collapsing at the back of the shop.
;;-0.34;;it was about a month ago that prime minister modi , during his monthly radio address 'mann ki baat', stressed on the idea of bidding adieu to single-use plastic with an aim to make india plastic-free from october 2.
;;0.0;;though we are yet to get final programme details of prime minister modi modis visit to surat airport on january 30th, preparations are going on in full swing for international flight operations from february 16.
;;-0.8442;;new delhi: actor kaushik sen , one of the signatories to an open letter sent to prime minister modi highlighting the increase in  religious identity based hate crimes, on thursday alleged he had received death threats following the letter.
;;0.0;;ric informal meetopensus-india bilateraljai trilateralinformal brics meetingbilateral with kingdom of saudi arabianew delhi: prime minister modi arrived in japan on thursday for the g20 summit in osaka.
;;0.0;;here are the key highlights of at g20 summit so far:* after the formal opening of the g20 summit on friday pm modi held an informal trilateral meeting with ric (russia, india, china) leaders.
;;0.0;;before summit's official opening, pm modi on friday held meetings with us prez trump, japanese premier abe, saudi prince salman and brics leaders.
;;0.1027;;* on friday, pm modi met us president trump and discussed various bilateral and global issues including iran, 5g communications networks, trade and defence ahead of the g-20 summit.
;;0.0;;* trump congratulated modi on his election victory and said that the two countries would work together in many areas including military.
;;-0.4939;;* the meeting comes amidst india's concern over us sanctions on iranian crude and the america first policy while trump administration demanding modi to lower the tariffs on us goods and embrace fair and reciprocal trade.
;;0.0;;* the modi-trump meeting was held ahead of the jai meet * a trilateral meeting with jai (japan, america, india) was held on friday where modi , trump and abe extensively discussed issues of the indo-pacific region, connectivity and infrastructure development.
;;0.0;;* following the trilateral, pm modi tweeted that the meeting was a productive one.
;;0.743;;* in his remarks, modi spoke about strengthening the wto, fighting protectionism and ensuring energy security.
;;0.0;;* modi also spoke about deficiency of resources, underlining that there is a shortfall of almost $1.
;;0.5423;;* modi on friday held bilateral talks with crown prince of saudi arabia mohammed bin salman and discussed deepening cooperation in trade and investment, energy security and counter-terrorism with the invaluable strategic partner.
;;0.7003;;i think devotees should take the lead for construction of the ram temple, singh toldsingh, who originally belongs to jaunpur in uttar pradesh, told a well-attended ram leela rally at azad maidan on thursday that devotees of lord ram should write to both prime minister modi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath that in the larger public interest and also keeping in mind religious sentiments of people, the temple should be constructed as top priority.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday asked the party bjp mps to hold padayatras in their constituencies engaging with eminent citizens from each booth and spread mahatma gandhi 's vision on the rural economy.
;;0.743;;this event will give a major boost to gujarat and the statue of unity --which is the culmination of a grand vision envisaged by modi to pay tribute to sardar vallabhbhai patel.
;;-0.5719;;it must be recalled that when the statue of unity was unveiled by prime minister modi , he had stressed that this was the most befitting tribute to the iron man of india, sardar vallabhbhai patel who was consistently ignored by congress.
;;0.0;;all ias and ips probationary officers will meet prime minister modi at the statue of unity on october 31, which is the birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel.
;;0.836;;cm modi took the decision to honour the son of soil sardar patel and establish him as a key figure in the freedom movement.
;;0.0;;the project was first announced in 2010 by gujarat chief minister modi and the construction of the statue started in october 2013.
;;0.0;;it was inaugurated by prime minister modi on october 31, 2018, the 143rd anniversary of patels birth.
;;0.0;;in a unique experiment, cm modi initiated peoples movement to build this statue of unity.
;;0.3182;;he added that he wished to remind prime minister modi and home minister rajnath singh of their promise and had hence chosen the time before the next lok sabha elections.
;;0.128;;lucknow: justice rang nath pandey of the allahabad high court was on thursday denied an official farewell on his retirement, days after he reportedly wrote to prime minister modi on deficiencies in the collegium system of appointing judges.
;;0.0;;it reads: prime minister modi modis move to abolish rs 500 and rs 1,000 was intended as kala dhan ki safai (eliminating black money).
;;0.0516;;delh: hitting out at the election commission , the aam aadmi party alleged on friday that the vindictive recommendation was made at the behest of the bjp-led central government, adding chief election commissioner a k joti was repaying the debt to prime minister modi before his retirement.
;;0.0;;aap delhi chief spokesperson saurabh bharadwaj said: a k joti was the principal secretary under (the then gujarat chief minister) modi and then the chief secretary of gujarat.
;;0.2028;;party stalwart narasingha mishra said: the falling victory margin of bjp in prime minister modi modis home state shows that people are not happy with the party or the pm.
;;0.5859;;naveen, who tweeted that he had called both modi and finance minister arun jaitley to congratulate them, is yet to officially react on the poll verdict.
;;0.4019;;cpm state secretary modi , who hinted about the party action, termed rajendrans act as immature, on thursday.
;;0.0;;hazaribag: three years after he inaugurated the railway link between hazaribag and koderma on february 20, 2015, prime minister modi will flag off the new ranchi-patna express via barkakana-hazaribag-koderma-gaya-jehanabad route originating in begusarai in bihar at 11am on before coming to hazaribag later in the day.
;;0.0;;during his hour long stay at hazaribag, modi will inaugurate medical colleges at hazaribag and dumka and palamu online.
;;-0.5994;;tributes to our former prime minister, mrs. indira gandhi on her death anniversary, tweeted prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7579;;the bigger challenge for the party workers, however, is the organisation of the national convention on january 11 and 12, which will be attended by prime minister modi , party president amit shah and top leaders from different states.
;;0.4215;;the rss started holding such events in 2015 to reach out to the muslim community, apparently, after prime minister modi modis decision not to host such parties at prime ministers residence.
;;-0.8271;;new delhi: breaking his silence on the kathua and unnao rape cases, prime minister modi on friday said the incidents had shamed the nation and no offender would be spared as the government was committed to ensuring that victims of the crimes received full justice.
;;0.2263;;kartarpur corridor project is an initiative of prime minister modi and no other person knows more than him about the intelligence reports and reality of ground situation.
;;0.0;;mangaluru: the pitched campaigns of prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah in the coast have decimated the congress into oblivion in these parts, especially in the key districts of dakshina kannada and udupi.
;;-0.1232;;it is not that chief minister siddaramaih was not supported by the people, but he did not have the base to counter modi.
;;-0.1406;;we have more information about the bjp than any professional, and hence the cyber army should use their creativity and attack the bjp and expose not only the state government but even prime minister modi , said solanki.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi introduced neem coated urea and abolished black marketing of the product.
;;0.1779;;in the wake of chief minister k chandrasekhar rao challenging prime minister modi and making efforts to form a federal front, the bjp top leadership has taken the state seriously.
;;-0.7783;;talking about the pulwama terror strike, the bjp president said only modi has the political will to respond to such attacks through both diplomatic and military channels.
;;0.34;;the modi government never compromises on the country's security.
;;-0.4939;;be it kashmir or the north-east, our government is determined to uproot terrorism because at the centre, we have the modi government, not a congress government .
;;0.0;;modi has all the answers to all such acts of cowardice, he added.
;;-0.8225;;hailing modi's stance which involves all kinds of responses to terror strikes, shah said: modi has the strongest political will among global leaders to curb terrorism.
;;-0.4215;;the modi government has responded to terror attacks in a resolute, determined manner.
;;0.4939;;mdmk chief vaiko in a statement attacked the nda government at the centre as well as prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah for not setting up the board as they want to win the karnataka assembly election.
;;0.9246;;this story is from november 20, 2018file photo of prime minister modi (pti)new delhi: prime minister modi on monday unveiled the ease of doing business grand challenge aimed at attracting innovative ideas on artificial intelligence , internet of things, big data analytics, blockchain and other cutting edge technology to reform government processes.
;;0.5106;;modi also urged indian inc to work towards achieving the target of a top 50 position in the ease of doing business rankings.
;;-0.4939;;kolkata: chief minister mamata banerjee on saturday reacted sharply to prime minister modi modis jibe on her fear for cbi and ed, saying it was the pot calling the kettle black (chalon kina chhucher dosh dhore).
;;0.0;;the idea of aagc had emerged in a joint declaration issued by prime minister modi and his japanese counterpart, shinzo abe , in november 2016.
;;0.0;;the deal-making: donald trump thinks that he has the art of the deal, but it is mr. modi who has it down pat.
;;-0.5859;;new delhi: prime minister modi will visit japan next week to attend the g-20 summit where issues such as financial stability, wto reform, black money, and terrorism will be on top of the agenda for india.
;;0.0;;modi will attend the 14th g-20 summit in osaka, japan, from june 28-29.
;;0.0;;this would be the sixth time that prime minister modi would be participating in the g-20 summit.
;;0.0;;bjp members poured curd and milk on cutouts of prime minister modi and bjp leader halady srinivas shetty at counting centres after the results were announced.
;;0.0;;amritsar: citing the issue of kailash mansarovar yatra that the government of india had taken up with the chinese government and brought it to a logical end, the sangat langah kartarpur (slk), a sikh body spearheading the drive for kartarpur sahib corridor for the past 17 years, has urged prime minister modi to take up the corridor issue with the pakistan government.
;;0.4767;;slk president b s goraya said they had urged modi to give due respect to the religious sentiments of sikhs and take up the issue of the corridor with pakistan government on the lines of kailash mansarovar yatra issue that he had taken up previously with the chinese government.
;;0.836;;we wish modi to fulfil the heartfelt desire of having a corridor between dera baba nanak in gurdaspur district and gurdwara kartarpur sahib in narowal district of pakistan, a distance of about 4 kms, before 550th anniversary of the founder of sikhism guru nanak dev, he said.
;;0.4877;;bhajan singh, a member of slk, said making of a corridor ahead of the 550th anniversary of guru nanak would be the most sought after gift of the modi government to the sikh diaspora.
;;0.9081;;the union minister of state for home said the bjp's victory in nagaland was a historic one as people have shown tremendous love and affection for prime minister modi and reposed full faith in his vision for nagaland.
;;0.7778;;rijiju said the election in nagaland was a very important one and the dream roadmap of modi for the northeast has won the heart of the people.
;;-0.7351;;this story is from december 12, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citypanaji: the state congress on tuesday said that people have punctured the artificial balloon of prime minister modi and given a fitting reply to the arrogance and lies of bjp and its leaders.
;;0.0;;texas too has a large indian population and prime minister modi is scheduled to address a community rally in houston on september 22.
;;-0.128;;all the media persons in sehore are dishonest), said pragya while laughing out her anger against local media during the birthday celebrations of prime minister modi , in sehore on tuesday.
;;0.3182;;how long pm modi will pardon her?
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday inaugurated the phase 1 of delhi-meerut expressway (dme) built at a cost of rs 841 crore.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone of the greenfield project was laid by prime minister modi on november 5, 2015.
;;-0.9337;;new delhi: a group of 637 academics from india and abroad have come out in solidarity with the 49 retired civil servants who recently expressed their outrage at the kathua and unnao rape incidents blaming prime minister modi for belatedly speaking up on the issue and claiming his dispensation wasnt doing enough to stop the pattern of repeated targeted attacks on minority religious communities, dalits, tribals and women.
;;-0.7096;;in an open letter to modi , academics like noam chomsky and writers like amit chaudhuri , said they were expressing their deep anger and anguish over the events in kathua and unnao and the aftermath of these events including the pms own prolonged (and by now familiar) silence that was broken only recently with wholly inadequate, platitudinous, and non-specific assurances of justice for the victims.
;;-0.9393;;last week, pm modi had condemned the rape and murder of an eight-year-old girl in kathua and the alleged rape of a teenager by a bjp mla in unnao, and said the culprits will be brought to justice.
;;0.0;;he spoke to reporters at the bjp office here on sunday after listening to the last mann ki baat speech delivered by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0258;;co/sp58mukn2o  pib india (@pib_india) 1526887254000sochi: prime minister modi on monday arrived in russia's black sea coastal city sochi for an informal summit with president vladimir putin that will focus on pressing global and regional issues, including impact of the us withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal.
;;0.5719;;it is always a pleasure to meet him, modi had tweeted on sunday.
;;0.8779;;am confident the talks with president putin will further strengthen the special and privileged strategic partnership between india and russia, modi had tweeted.
;;-0.1531;;the sources said possible impact of the us sanctions against russia under countering america's adversaries through sanctions act (caatsa) on indo-russia defence cooperation may also figure during the talks between modi and putin.
;;-0.5423;;the sources said the large part of the informal meeting between modi and putin will be one-to-one and there may be limited segment for restricted delegation level discussions.
;;0.0;;they said president putin will to also host a lunch for modi.
;;0.6486;;sources said there could be more such informal summits between modi and other world leaders in the coming months as india eyes to play an important role in global power dynamics.
;;0.4019;;udaipur: unable to support his differently-abled sister, an unemployed man from the state has written to prime minister modi , seeking euthanasia for her.
;;0.3612;;adityanath made a sudden visit to greater noida on sunday night to oversee preparations for prime minister modi modis visit to inaugurate petrotech 2019 on monday.
;;0.3182;;co/1szu08vtba  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566678878000manama (bahrain): prime minister modi on saturday met the crown prince of bahrain, salman bin hamad bin isa al khalifa, and discussed ways to strengthen the ties between india and bahrain, with a focus on business relations and cultural exchange.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi was honoured with  the king hamad order of the renaissance  on saturday as he held talks with king of bahrain hamad bin isa al khalifa on various bilateral and regional issues.
;;0.2263;;he also said that if prime minister modi wanted to open a new chapter seeking cooperation to build consensus on important matters, then that sincerity of intent must be reflected in the actions of the bjp and its government, which is not the case.
;;0.3818;;8 pc and the global rating agencies have downgraded india's gdp growth even after the assumption of office by prime minister modi for the second time.
;;0.4404;;this story is from december 15, 2018a hoarding welcoming prime minister modi in rae barelipm likely to inaugurate civil enclave at allahabad airportdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.4588;;bihar deputy cm modi (file photo)patna: bihar deputy chief minister modi on monday claimed that congress leader p chidambaram's recent statement on kashmir was unfortunate and meant to incite the muslims against the government.
;;0.8625;;modi thanked union home minister amit shah , governor satya pal malik and national security advisor ajit doval for ensuring a peaceful eid al-adha in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.4767;;true to his gujarati heritage and much like gujarati emigrants to the west have done for ages, modi made no effort to integrate or ingratiate himself into the elite.
;;-0.3869;;prime minister modi stands tall above this desperate fray for the crumbs of political power.
;;-0.0772;;detractors and cynics say it is hype which is keeping modi in the stratosphere.
;;0.4404;;there are three reasons why modi has embedded himself into the public mind as the harbinger of a better future.
;;0.0;;modi did not just rest on the laurel of public acclaim.
;;0.1531;;it is here that the modi government falters because of its irrational stand against spelling out how the outcomes of its policies benefit minorities.
;;0.3182;;self-styled gau rakshaks +calling for strict action +new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday welcomed constructive criticism of his government's performance and said such assessments strengthened democracy and would build an aware nation.
;;0.0;;modi also congratulated people and entities for in-depth analyses of government's work.
;;0.0;;modi also touched upon the upcoming international yoga day on june 21 as he appealed to people that three generations of a family could come together and practise yoga and send their pictures to him.
;;-0.6808;;modi addressed his pet subject of cleanliness as he referred to the massive campaign scheduled across 4,000 cities and towns to distribute two waste bins to each household for segregating household waste at source.
;;0.6124;;he also talked about union minister prakash javadekar's press conference on 100 days of modi government celebrating how wonderfully the gdp is at a 6-year low of 5 per cent as you defiantly pointed out; what an achievement that auto sales have fallen for the 10th month in a row; and of course patting themselves on the back for the sensex crashing to its biggest fall in 2019 earlier this week.
;;-0.2732;;with this situation before us, we have begun working on proper use of each drop of water, he said, citing the pledge of prime minister modi to provide water to every household in the country.
;;0.34;;the cabinet committee on security (ccs), headed by prime minister modi may meet on friday to take stock of the situation in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.3182;;agra: anticipating huge rush during prime minister modi modis visit to the city on wednesday evening, the city police have issued a notification about changes in traffic routes that will be valid till the pm departs.
;;-0.296;;no vehicle movement would be allowed on mg road between collectorate square and st. johns crossing till pm modi leaves the city in the evening.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 9, 2019prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;kollam: even as ldf and udf claimed that their efforts had led to the realization of kollam bypass project, the prime minister's office (pmo) informed kollam mp n k premachandran that prime minister modi will inaugurate the bypass on january 15.
;;0.7184;;this is also the organization which is responsible for the unabated growth of social and religious intolerance as well as the politics of religious polarization during the last four years of misrule of the bjp government at the centre under prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 29, 2018tokyo: hailing the various development projects in india, prime minister modi on monday said that the central government's make in india initiative has emerged as a global brand today.
;;0.0772;;we are rapidly moving towards becoming number one in mobile phones manufacturing, prime minister modi said while addressing an indian community event as part of the 13th 'india-japan' annual summit.
;;0.8201;;prime minister modi further invited the audience to attend the rashtriya ekta diwas(national unity day) scheduled to be celebrated on october 31 on the birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel we celebrate sardar patel's birth anniversary every year, but this time we will surely grab the attention of the entire world.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will next attend a meeting of the india-japan business leaders forum later in the day, prior to addressing the make in india: india-japan partnership in africa and digital partnership seminar.
;;0.6908;;he said a new political culture has emerged under prime minister modi 's leadership and those who are against the politics of 'vote bank and dynasty' are welcome to the bjp which is now an all-pervasive party.
;;0.8484;;this story is from october 21, 2018new delhi: a national award in the name of netaji subhash chandra bose will be given every year to police personnel for excellent work in rescue and relief operations during any kind of disaster, prime minister modi announced sunday.
;;-0.4019;;pm modi (file photo)new delhi: prime minister modi on friday said when space is created for a dialogue, the room for conflict disappears.
;;0.4215;;the idea to hold the dialogue was conceived by pm modi and japanese prime minister shinzo abe swami vivekananda advocated dialogue as a conflict-avoidance model for differing faiths.
;;-0.296;;for prime minister modi , who has so far used the air india chartered flights for 55 days during his 13 foreign visits, no bills for as many as eight visits have been received by the government, bills for four visits are under process and the bill for only one visit has been computed.
;;0.743;;after winning the up and delhi municipal elections handsomely, modi has the political capital to bite the bullet.
;;-0.5106;;co/b9mteaqlet  ani (@ani) 1512802971000new delhi: prime minister modi on saturday accused the congress of misleading the muslims of the country by giving them fake promise of reservation while addressing an election rally in gujarats lunavada.
;;0.3612;;panaji: the cable-stayed bridge over the mandovi , which prime minister modi was expected to inaugurate in august, is unlikely to be ready by then.
;;0.0;;in january, chief minister manohar parrikar had announced that the bridge would be completed by july and that modi would inaugurate the bridge in august.
;;0.0;;confirming that modi was still expected to inaugurate the bridge, kuncalienkar said, the foundation of the bridge was laid by modi.
;;0.0;;he did add that the presence of modi or the date for inauguration had not been finalized.
;;-0.6908;;new delhi: retired civil service officers have written an open letter to the government and prime minister modi , asking for firm action against perpetrators of hate crimes against minorities in the country.
;;0.8591;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday dubbed the bjp's win over the left in tripura a victory of ideology and said the party needs to work hard to maintain its winning electoral streak, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar told reporters.
;;0.802;;modi was addressing the bjp parliamentary party meeting , where he was greeted with the slogan, 'jeet hamari jari hai, ab karnataka ki bari hai' (our winning run continues, now is the turn of karnataka).
;;0.7506;;according to party leaders at the meeting, modi referred to comments from some critics that tripura was a small state with only two lok sabha seats and underlined the significance of the bjp's win.
;;0.4019;;this is an ideological victory, party leaders quoted modi as saying.
;;0.0;;it is finished across the world and is on the verge of oblivion in india as it is now in power only in kerala, kumar said, quoting modi.
;;0.6705;;an alliance of several parties, including the bjp, was sworn in meghalaya today and modi extended his greetings to new chief minister conrad sangma.
;;-0.8625;;modi also paid tribute to nine bjp workers, who were killed in alleged political violence in tripura during the run up to the state polls.
;;0.0;;the first phase of shendra node of the delhi-mumbai industrial corridor project, recently inaugurated by prime minister modi , will act as a magnet for investments in the marathwada region, he said.
;;0.5859;;jd(s) has decided to recreate prime minister modi modi's successful `chai pe charcha', which propelled bjp to power in 2014.
;;0.0;;the 182-metre-tall statue was unveiled by prime minister modi on october 31 last year.
;;0.0;;pm modi with indonesian president joko widodog20deepening the close & multifaceted strategic partnership pm @narendramodi & brazilian president @jairbolsonaro hel https://t.
;;0.4019;;co/to2uhvoi6c  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561770232000osaka: prime minister modi met the presidents of indonesia and brazil separately on the sidelines of the g-20 summit here saturday, and discussed ways to boost bilateral ties and enhance cooperation in trade and investment.
;;0.0;;soon after, modi met brazil president jair bolsonaro deepening the close & multifaceted strategic partnership.
;;0.5267;;anwar announced he was quitting the ncp and was also giving up his lok sabha membership on september 28 after sharad pawar's defence of prime minister modi on the rafale fighter jet deal.
;;0.4019;;pawar was quoted in the media as having given a clean chit to modi on the deal.
;;0.128;;pawar, however, had clarified he was misquoted in the reports and he had given no such clean chit to modi.
;;0.5574;;chennai: heaping praise on the prime minister , calling him 'a towering personality and statesman', chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on wednesday invited modi to unveil the portrait of former chief minister j jayalalithaa in the legislative assembly hall this was one of the chief minister's key missions in meeting modi in new delhi.
;;0.91;;besides extending a personal invite to modi , the chief minister in an official letter to modi said, sir, a towering personality and statesman like you, who has upheld the finest traditions of our vibrant democracy and maintained the cher ished values of our parliamentary system, would be the befitting person to unveil the portrait of our revered leader.
;;0.0;;he also requested modi to articipate in the conclude participate in the concluding celebrations in december of former chief minister m g ramachandran 's centenary year.
;;0.6124;;mamata banerjee (file photo)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on tuesday wrote to prime minister modi to stall and reverse the process of corporatising ordnance factories in the interest of national security and the country's defence.
;;0.0772;;earlier today, sitharaman had stated that the government-led by prime minister modi has taken landmark steps in its second term for india to emerge as a $5 trillion economy in the next five years amid a domestic and global slowdown.
;;-0.296;;karnataka elections 2018: pm in nepal to influence hindus in karnataka, says ashok gehlot 01:25new delhi/kathmandu: congress on saturday accused prime minister modi of timing his temple visit in nepal to coincide with voting in karnataka, saying his schedule was aimed at influencing the mandate in the crucial southern state.
;;0.2249;;as modi visited the revered pashupatinath and muktinath temples, aicc general secretary ashok gehlot said, this is not a good tradition in a democracy.
;;0.0;;foreign secretary vijay gokhale, who was in kathmandu along with pm modi , refuted gehlot's charge when he was asked about it by reporters.
;;0.0;;when pm modi had telephoned prime minister oli upon his election as the prime minister of nepal, they had discussed the visit then.
;;0.4019;;prime minister oli had then expressed his desire for an early visit by prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;the former rajasthan cm also said modi was trying to send out a message that he was a religious hindu.
;;0.0;;modi had also offered prayers at pashupatinath temple when he visited nepal in 2014, his first visit to the neighbouring country after taking over as pm.
;;0.763;;yusuff ali ma, chairman of uae-based lulu group, said the first budget of prime minister modi 's second term in office has very efficiently covered almost all critical sectors which will surely boost india's march towards becoming a $5 trillion economy.
;;0.5994;;the music teacher is s v rao, better known as guitar rao, a civil engineer from andhra pradesh , who's on a mission to convince prime minister modi to start a sangeet bharat campaign on the lines of swachh bharat.
;;0.4215;;rao came to delhi on march 12 this year hoping to meet pm modi and urge him to start a sangeet bharat campaign.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi has accepted a plan with target of 2030.
;;0.3818;;asked about the purpose of her visit, moushmi said she wanted to promote prime minister modi as indias tallest leader.
;;0.0;;chatterjee said, hundred political leaders ganged up in west bengal to form the grand alliance with an aim to defeat pm modi.
;;0.0;;chamarajanagar: prime minister modi on tuesday dared aicc chief rahul gandhi to speak about the achievements of karnataka government for 15 minutes without reading from any piece of paper.
;;0.0;;getting even with rahul, who had said last week that if he was allowed to speak for 15 minutes in parliament, modi would not be able to withstand it, the pm said: he is right.
;;-0.1027;;addressing a meet at santhemarahalli in chamarajanagar, modi also challenged rahul to take sir m visvesvarayas name five times in the 15-minute speech.
;;-0.25;;this story is from november 9, 2018youth congress members protest in front of the rbi office in bengaluru on thursday against the modi government.
;;-0.7845;;bengaluru: two years after prime minister modi announced demonetisation , experts and academicians on thursday said the ban of 500- and 1,000-rupee notes failed in its objective.
;;0.0;;(donald) trump has mexico; modi has pakistan.
;;0.0;;even today, you find people saying, 'demonetisation may have not worked, but modi tried, he had the courage', ramakumar said.
;;0.0;;speaking at delhi bjps yuva vijay sankalp maharally at ramlila maidan, chauhan said: everyone knows that bjp has a commander in prime minister modi , but who will be their (opposition parties)commander?
;;-0.1779;;the gathering in kolkata was like thatall of them came together when they saw the flood of modi and feared for their lives.
;;0.0258;;this story is from november 11, 2018file photo of rss chief mohan bhagwatdownload the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi: a day before prime minister modi 's arrival in the city, rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bhagwat will reach here on sunday to attend a six-day meet of full-time 'prachar pramukhs' from six zonal units of northern states at an under-construction private school in vyasbagh of koirajpur locality.
;;0.0258;;this venue of rss meet is a few hundred meters from wajidpur village where modi will reach on monday late afternoon to address a public meeting.
;;0.0;;new delhi: delhi university teachers association ( duta ) has written to prime minister modi against the autonomy of the university as it would pave the way for privatisation of education.
;;0.0258;;boatprime minister modi is in wuhan for a two-day informal summit with chinese president xi jinping to discuss major bilateral and global matters.
;;-0.6597;;* indian prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping will seek to repair strained ties at a summit on april 27-28 after the 73-day long doklam dispute marred relations last year.
;;0.5574;;* modi and xi will also hold two meetings in the presence of six top officials from their respective countries, though sources insisted it would be incorrect to describe them as formal delegation-level talks.
;;0.6597;;* pant pointed out that a pragmatic reason for modi to want to mend ties with china may be the lok sabha elections next year, as he would be better off with stable relations with the world's second-largest economy.
;;-0.3875;;his efforts to seek a meeting with bjp chief amit shah and also prime minister modi not succeeding, kushwaha retreated to idyllic valmikinagar, at the foot of the himalayas, for a chintan shivir along with the rlsp executive on tuesday.
;;0.5859;;the cast list boasts of 350 actors including vinod raut who played the lead role of vajpayee, lata kanhate played indira gandhi, vishnu shrivastava as nitin gadkari, gs khwaja as lk advani, ghanshyam mehta as prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1655;;mysuru: prime minister modi is losing his grip on administration, and the decision to provide 10  reservation of economically weaker sections among the upper castes is nothing but a tactic to protect his government, said president of the hindulida vargagala jagruthika vedike ks shivaramu on sunday.
;;-0.296;;on december 16, 2014, a complaint was given to prime minister modi by the factory workers association for a cbi probe into the entire issue.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 5, 2019pm modi in imphal on fridaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.7506;;imphal: with lok sabha election around the corner, prime minister modi on friday launched projects worth rs 1,500 crore for the development of manipur , which, he said, has a key role to play in the growth of 'new india'.
;;0.4404;;modi alleged that under the earlier government, projects worth rs 100 crore used to be completed at an escalated cost of rs 200-250 crore, and this misuse of national wealth made him impatient.
;;0.6124;;sporting a meitei koyet (turban/headgear) modi recalled that the first interim government of undivided india was set up at moirang in manipur's bishnupur district and the people of the state has a pivotal role to play in the growth of 'new india'.
;;0.0;;during his short visit, modi inaugurated an integrated check post (icp) at the border town of moreh, the dolaithabi barrage project, fci food storage in imphal east and a buffer water reservoir in ukhrul.
;;0.0;;'chief minister biren singh, who was present at modi's rally venue, said modi has been visiting various parts of the northeast, including manipur, since 2014.
;;0.4404;;asking prime minister modi to uphold the law and the constitution, the opposition party hoped that 25 years after demolition of the structure, justice would be done and the guilty would be punished.
;;0.34;;kumar also played down the controversy over us president donald trump 's claim that prime minister modi asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, saying it is time to move on.
;;-0.5719;;to a question, he said if required, he would take up khan's case with prime minster modi if needed, will meet the prime minister to convey to him the injustice to khan, the sp leader, who has appeared before the media after a long time, said.
;;-0.7269;;singh, who had written to the pm two days ago seeking an apology for spreading falsehoods and canards, renewed his attack in a video message, puncturing the impression of return of normalcy in ties generated by an awkward handshake he had with modi at a function to pay tribute to martyrs of the parliament attack earlier in the day.
;;0.1779;;saying he was anguished by falsehoods and canards spread by modi , singh said, i sincerely hope that he will apologise to the nation for his ill thought transgression to restore the dignity of the office he occupies sadly and regrettably, modi is setting a dangerous precedent by his insatiable desire to tarnish every constitutional office including that of a former pm and army chief.
;;-0.0772;;the demand for apology stems from the allegation modi made at a rally in gujarat, claiming that singh and former vice-president hamid ansari met with pakistani officials at the residence of congress leader mani shankar aiyar to influence the gujarat elections.
;;0.1779;;singhs repeat push for an apology appears interesting as the second and final phase of voting in gujarat takes place on thursday, and suggests that congress is eager to underscore its anger with modi ahead of the polling.
;;-0.8225;;let me remind modi that he had gone to pakistan uninvited after the terrorist attacks in udhampur and gurdaspur, the former pm said.
;;0.4939;;mumbai: nearly six months after the proposal was cleared by the lenders board, the union cabinet  chaired by prime minister modi  approved hdfc banks rs 24,000-crore equity issue, which is the largest capital-raising by any private entity.
;;0.296;;yusra alamburdwan: a 14-year-old girl from pirbahram in east burdwan will join prime minister modi and scientists to watch the chandrayan-ii monn landing live from india space research organizations control room in bengaluru early on september 7.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 29, 2018prime minister modi shakes hands with his bhutanese counterpart lotay tshering (ap)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: pm modi on friday announced that india would contribute rs 4,500 crore to bhutans 12th five-year economic plan after a meeting with visiting bhutanese pm lotay tshering, a significant outreach with an important neighbour who occupies a strategic geography between india and china.
;;0.6705;;modi thanked tshering for deciding to introduce in bhutan the indian rupay card which is a debit and credit card payment network.
;;0.5719;;tshering said modi had assured him of helping bhutanese traders hit by implementation of gst in india.
;;0.886;;prime minister modi at butterfly garden in kevadia on tuesday (pti)kevadiya, narmada district : prime minister modi on tuesday exuded confidence that the decision to defang article 370 that gave special status to jammu & kashmir would usher in a new era of trust and development in the valley as well as ladakh, which, he said have faced discrimination for the past 70 years.
;;0.5719;;modi celebrated his 69th birthday on tuesday by participating in the namami devi narmade mahotsav at kevadiya colony organised to mark the sardar sarovar dams water level touching 138.
;;-0.5423;;new delhi: a patna court on saturday granted bail to former congress president rahul gandhi in connection with a defamation suit filed against him by bihar deputy cm modi the gandhi scion had said that all thieves had the surname modireferring to prime minister modi , bank-fraud accused nirav modi and former indian premier league (ipl) commissioner lalit modiduring an election rally in karnataka's kolar district the senior bjp leader had filed the case before the chief judicial magistrate's (cjm) court in patna in april, taking exception to rahul's remark.
;;-0.3182;;the decision was announced shortly after rahul gandhi told reporters that the party halted its deliberations on the congress chief issue due to the present situation in jammu and kashmir after the centre's move on article 370 rahul said that some reports have come in from jammu and kashmir about violence there and the prime minister modi must assuage concerns over the matter in a transparent manner.
;;0.3818;;on wednesday, modi government's top minister - anandiben patel presided over the first round of allotment of homes for the underprivileged at theahmedabad: on wednesday, modi government's top minister - anandiben patel presided over the first round of allotment of homes for the underprivileged at the sabarmati riverfront, built under the centre's jnnurm programme.
;;0.0;;on sunday, chief minister modi will be inaugurating two flyovers in vadodara.
;;-0.2263;;a senior bjp leader in the ahmedabad municipal corporation said that the state government was afraid that if there was an inauguration event, the congress leadership in delhi might invite only mayor asit vora as per the protocol and ignore modi.
;;-0.4843;;if this officer does not invite modi for the inauguration, he would be in trouble.
;;0.1027;;noting that no new big industry has come to the region in the last four years, jain said: i would request prime minister modi to ensure that cms do not hold the industry portfolio as they do not have time to sort out the issues facing the department.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister modi , the chief minister, who is also the chairman of the state-level organizing committee, has suggested that a national organizing committee, under the chairmanship of the prime minister, be constituted to oversee the celebrations of this historic event across the country.
;;0.5859;;he urged modi that besides this, the centre should also dedicate certain special projects in punjab to commemorate the historic event.
;;-0.3182;;gandhi also accused modi of using armys surgical strikes for political gains.
;;-0.3612;;gandhi said, surgical strikes were conducted thrice during manmohan singh government, as was done during the modi government.
;;-0.5994;;criticising modi , gandhi said, there is the confusion in the pms mind.
;;0.0;;he said socialist leader ram manohar lohia talked about smoke-less chulha and toilets for women and it is prime minister modi who gave both.
;;-0.128;;the latest data released by the union ministry of power clubs karnataka with uttar pradesh and assam to be among the three worst states in the country, laggards in prime minister modi modi's ambitious saubhagya scheme launched last year to accelerate electrification across the country.
;;0.4019;;new york: india's experience and capabilities in providing affordable healthcare is available for use to all developing countries, prime minister modi told the first-ever high-level meeting on universal health coverage here on monday, underscoring that a healthy life is the right of every person.
;;-0.5216;;addressing the meeting, prime minister modi said, health does not simply mean freedom from diseases.
;;0.1531;;pm modi began his engagements at the 74th session of the un general assembly by addressing the climate action summit hosted by secretary general antonio guterres monday in the general assembly hall.
;;0.7506;;pm modi ended his address with the sanskrit saying, 'sarve bhvantu sukhin, sarv santu nirmaya' that translates into 'wishing all happiness, wishing all a disease-free life.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, hazare told the reporters that he had received a letter (dated january 25) from prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;tirupur: political rivalry between left-wing outfits and right-wing organizations has intensified in tirupur district ahead of prime minister modi modis visit on february 10.
;;0.5994;;new delhi: days after pk misra and pk sinha were appointed as prime minister modi modi's principal secretary and principal advisor respectively, the prime minister's office has defined the work areas for the two officers, and also for national security advisor ajit doval according to an order issued by the pmo , principal secretary misra will look into policy issues and matters relating to ministries of personnel, law, appointments committee of cabinet and other appointments.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi laid its foundation stone on sunday.
;;-0.2263;;prime minister modi will saturday chair the fifth meeting of the niti aayog's governing council which will focus on issues like the drought situation, farm distress, rain water harvesting and preparedness for kharif crops.
;;0.0;;this will be the first governing council meeting under the new modi government.
;;0.0;;he listened to remarks by prime minister modi and german chancellor angela merkel, then departed.
;;-0.7906;;(ani)new delhi: defence minister rajnath singh on friday paid tribute at the national war memorial on the 20th anniversary of india's victory in the kargil war union minister of state for defence, shripad naik accompanied singh at the memorial located next to india gate in the heart of the national capital and which was inaugurated by prime minister modi on february 24 this year.
;;-0.8225;;ahmedabad: what was the explosive yellow powder seized from ishrat jahan and three others allegedly sent to blow up chief minister modi in a suicide attack?
;;0.8225;;he has decided to support prime minister modi so as to extract maximum support from the centre and walk together with telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao to resolve the contentious issue of ap reorganisation act and river water sharing.
;;0.0;;now the change brought in by prime minister modi will give the same rights to people of kashmir as those in the rest of india.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi (toi photo)martyrdom of 40 crpf soldiers'mann ki baat' broadcastmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.8612;;new delhi: the army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers following the pulwama attack , prime minister modi said sunday, asserting that thewill keep inspiring us relentlessly to uproot the very base of terrorism .
;;0.5267;;describing desai as one of the most disciplined leaders, modi noted that the first post-emergency government headed by desai had brought about 44th constitutional amendment, which restored powers of the supreme court and undid many excesses of the emergency.
;;0.296;;modi discussed works of several of these awardees and noted that 12 of them were farmers.
;;-0.3412;;file photonew delhi: congress leader rahul gandhi on wednesday took a swipe at prime minister modi over the state of the economy, saying it seems that it is not too good.
;;0.4215;;he took to twitter to say this ahead of prime minister modi modi's visit to the united states, where he will address indian americans at a function howdy modi.
;;0.296;;us president donald trump will join modi at the event in houston 'howdy' economy doin', mr modi?
;;-0.7003;;the congress has been attacking the modi government over the slowdown in the economy and has criticised it for its economic policies.
;;0.9042;;new delhi: prime minister modi will be honoured with the prestigious 'global goalkeeper award' next week by the bill and melinda gates foundation for his leadership and commitment to improve access to sanitation in india.
;;0.631;;but a group of prominent south asian americans, who say they are allies in philanthropy, have written an open letter criticising the award and urging the foundation to withdraw it, citing concerns over his human rights record since modi came to power in 2014, cnn reported.
;;-0.3182;;jodhpur/jaisalmer: the kharwal community has decided to boycott prime minister modi when he comes to pachpadra for foundation stone laying ceremony on january 16.
;;-0.5267;;former congress mp jitendra singh went on to allege that in fact prime minister modi had threatened both sp and bsp with cbi cases if they did not come together to ensure the defeat of congress in the bypolls.
;;-0.1027;;on july 22, during his joint media appearance with pakistan prime minister imran khan at the white house, president trump stunned india by saying that prime minister modi sought his mediation/arbitration on the kashmir issue.
;;-0.128;;india asserted that no such request was made by prime minister modi to the us president and all issues will have to be resolved with islamabad bilaterally.
;;0.0772;;lunawada (panchmahal): breaking his silence on agitation by patidars for reservation, prime minister modi on friday dubbed congress promise of quota to the community as mere lollipop.
;;0.6597;;while modi has refrained from making any direct reference to patidar demand, his party leaders have relentlessly questioned senior congress leader and lawyer kapil sibal , asking him to clarify how their formula to give reservation to patidars and other non-reserved communities through article 46 and article 31 of the constitution is possible when supreme court has put a ceiling of 50  on quota.
;;0.1531;;modi also referred to how congress has imposed hurdles in fulfilling the demand of giving obc organization a constitutional status.
;;-0.4767;;while agreeing with prime minister modi modis statement that periods of repression, like during the emergency, have left a stain on indias history, patel said: sadly, those dark days are now casting a shadow over india again.
;;-0.2263;;moscow: russia will press india for early placement of final orders for 200 kamov ka-226 light utility helicopters under a $1 billion joint manufacturing deal, delayed by almost a year, when president vladimir putin meets prime minister modi for bilateral talks at the eastern economic forum in vladivostok next week.
;;0.6249;;modi is the chief guest at putins annual gig of world leaders and captains of industry to promote investments in the natural resource-rich far eastern region of russia.
;;0.5106;;we are hopeful that this meeting between president putin and prime minister modi will bring a new development in our ka-226 project.
;;-0.5423;;jalandhar: aam aadmi party (aap) mp and partys punjab president bhagwant mann said on wednesday that allegations levelled by prime minister modi against former pm manmohan singh and others for conspiring with pakistan during a dinner meeting at senior congress leader mani shankar aiyars residence in delhi reflected his desperation and fear regarding gujarat elections.
;;-0.3182;;jaipur: rajasthan pradesh congress committee (rpcc) president sachin pilot alleged that the state government which has lost its credibility tried to influence the voters by launching barmer refinery project by the prime minister modi during the bypolls.
;;-0.5719;;ahmedabad: the gujarat high court on friday adjourned the hearing on a plea seeking direction to the nanavati commission to summon chief minister modi for questioning in connection with the 2002 riots, till december 26.
;;0.0;;ngo jan sangharsh morcha (jsm) had filed an application urging the commission to summon politicians including modi , late health minister ashok bhatt, former state home minister gordhan zadaphia, some bureaucrats and senior cops for cross-examination.
;;-0.7003;;appearing for jsm, mukul sinha had earlier argued that summoning of modi and others was required for collecting evidence with regard to the godhra train burning incident and the post-godhra riots.
;;-0.296;;the state government had opposed jsm plea contending that the ngo had no locus standi to seek summoning of modi.
;;0.6249;;bhopal: a day after mother of raju laxman bheel, who is reportedly in pakistan jail for spying on nuclear enrichment facility, urged prime minister modi to ensure the safe return of her 30-year-old mentally challenged son, chief minister kamal nath said the government would make all possible efforts to bring the youth back to india.
;;0.8197;;the users also said on social media that dholakia not only fooled his employees, but prime minister modi as well by making him hand over the car keys to employees through video conferencing.
;;0.0;;for the first time, four employees, including a disabled woman, were handed over the car keys by prime minister modi in new delhi.
;;0.0;;modi also addressed over 5,000 employees of shri harikrishna exports through video conferencing on thursday.
;;0.0;;jaishankar is accompanying prime minister modi for the g20 summit being held in this japanese port city.
;;0.902;;prime minister modi during his visit to mexico on 2016 signed the india-mexico privileged partnership with mexican president enrique pena nietothe leaders recognised the opportunities to define the path of the india-mexico privileged partnership for the 21st century that allows the growth of bilateral relations in field of economics, science and technology and in the most important issues reflecting a broad convergence of long-term political, economic and strategic goals.
;;0.0;;modi was speaking at the bjp headquarters in delhi following the partys resounding victory in tripura, meghalaya and nagaland elections.
;;0.1511;;countering modi , amarinder said, i dont remember complaining to him against the congress high command.
;;-0.4588;;the chief minister added, i am personally set to take this battle to the finish, mr. modi.
;;-0.6249;;mumbai: prime minister modi on saturday offered prayers to lord ganesh in suburban vile parle in mumbai.
;;0.4939;;modi, who is one a one-day visit to maharashtra, took darshan of lord ganesh at the lokmanya seva sangh (lss) as part of the ongoing ganesh festival.
;;0.34;;at the airport, modi was welcomed by state governor bhagat singh koshyari and chief minister devendra fadnavis apart from koshyari and fadnavis, state bjp unit president chandrakant patil was also present when modi offered prayers.
;;0.4939;;modi also garlanded the bust of lokmanya, who had started ganesh festival at public level to galvanise people against the british, on the lss premises.
;;0.0;;so, it is essential that we learn a language, and understand it, she said, a day after it was announced that prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping would hold an informal summit from april 27 to 28.
;;-0.4215;;chennai: the proposed visit of an all-party delegation to new delhi to meet prime minister modi to stress for immediate constitution of the cauvery management board has run into rough weather with the pms appointment not forthcoming.
;;0.7845;;meeting modi was one of the resolutions adopted by some 40 parties and 13 farmers representatives on february 22 in the secretariat, a week after the supreme court pronounced the cauvery verdict.
;;0.0;;new delhi: as many as 49 celebrities from different fields including singer shubha mudgal, actor konkona sen sharma and filmmakers shyam benegal, anurag kashyap and mani ratnam, among others, have written an open letter to prime minister modi over incidents of lynching in the country.
;;-0.3612;;the celebrities went on to say that while prime minister modi has criticized lynching cases in parliament, merely that is not enough.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: prime minister modi on saturday asserted that india will not succumb to any pressure or influence in matters of national security, as he emphasised the importance his government gives to the armed forces.
;;-0.8442;;in an address at an event to mark the 20th anniversary of kargil war , modi also sent out a strong message to pakistan against repeat of such misadventures, saying the indian armed forces had defeated the neighbouring country's evil designs two decades back.
;;0.3182;;new delhi: terming bjp 's feat of emerging as the single largest party in karnataka as unprecedented and unusual, prime minister modi on tuesday accused congress of playing divisive and regressive politics at the cost of development of the state.
;;0.5984;;modi lauded bjp president amit shah 's hard work as most important factor in the karnataka verdict, making it loud and clear he is the undisputed second in command.
;;-0.2263;;kathiria had in october 2017 written to prime minister modi demanding that a ministry gau mantralaya  be set up for cow protection.
;;0.0;;at the concluding function of the yatra prime minister modi too had expressed concern over pollution in narmada and called for its conservation.
;;-0.7717;;siddaramaiah hit out at prime minister modi , taking a dig at the centres failure in apprehending the pnb fraudsters.
;;-0.1779;;siddaramaiah followed up with a tweet hitting out at modi for accusing his government as a 10  commission one and that the mysuru elected representative was only digging foundation stones and running away.
;;0.0;;the cms social media team went a step ahead with a cartoon of ordinary people standing in queues outside banks during the height of demonetisation, while a caricature shows vijay mallya and nirav modi blowing away the walls of the bank on one side.
;;-0.4215;;the father-daughter duo has approached everyone  from chief minister yogi adityanath to prime minister modi  but to no avail.
;;0.4404;;guwahati: the khanapara veterinary ground here is all set to host prime minister modi on friday, a year after he prime minister addressed supporters at the swearing-in of sarbananda sonowal at the same venue.
;;0.0;;modi will addresses the nation on friday at the khanapara veterinary ground to mark three years of the nda government and one year of the bjp-led assam government.
;;0.7506;;reacting to the overture, state bjp president k laxman sunday said not only reddy, whoever wanted to strengthen the bjp and the hands of prime minister modi and party president amit shah would be welcomed.
;;0.8625;;in nagpur, muttemwar slammed not only prime minister modi but also city mp nitin gadkari for making false promises to voters to win polls.
;;0.0258;;varanasi: prime minister modi on tuesday referred to rajiv gandhis famous remark that only 15  of central funds reached the targeted beneficiaries to attack the congress, saying if his government followed the corrupt practices set by the previous upa regime, nearly rs 4.
;;-0.5994;;the counter attack by modi comes in the wake of continuous barbs by congress president rahul gandhi over the controversial rafael deal.
;;0.0;;gonda: bjp mp from uttar pradesh's gonda brijbhushan sharan on saturday stoked controversy saying said that only prime minister modi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adiyanath are not indulged in any kind of corruption activity.
;;0.0;;our prime minister modi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adiyanath do not indulge in any kind of corruption.
;;-0.4939;;the tdp chief alleged that prime minister modi , jagan and telangana chief minister k chandrashekhar rao have colluded with the aim to damage andhra pradesh.
;;0.4939;;rabris statement came a day after mulayam praised prime minister modi in the lok sabha and wished to see him as pm again.
;;0.6597;;mulayam, an arch rival of bjp, surprised everyone on wednesday by praising modi for taking everybody along.
;;0.7964;;the ruling nda, however, used the opportunity to highlight the good works of the modi government at the centre.
;;0.34;;new delhi: from cheering when prime minister modi made a reference to a popular mobile game, pubg , to nodding at the points discussed for steps taken by the pm for tackling depression, children at delhi schools gave all their attention to the live telecast of pariksha par charcha in their schools.
;;-0.0598;;the students added that they agreed with modi when he talked about how technology should be used for gathering information and not only for entertainment.
;;0.6684;;ahaana ghosh of class ix was glad that modi spoke about the need for students to not be forced to study science.
;;0.0;;he said the government has submitted memorandums and copies of resolutions passed in the legislative assembly and all-party meetings to prime minister modi and others urging them to expedite the process to constitute the board and committee.
;;-0.3818;;he regretted that modi had not responded to the plea so far.
;;0.3818;;under the dynamic leadership of modi , the country has moved forward in all developmental spheres.
;;0.0;;he added, not a single corruption charge has been levelled against modi.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 6, 2019rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot with prime minister modi in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;jaipur: chief minister ashok gehlot met prime minister modi in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.4019;;b'hyderabad: apart from prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah , the saffron party will be roping in uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath to campaign in telangana in the run up to the 2019 elections.
;;0.0;;he asked as he named the other two leaders as modi and adityanath.
;;0.0;;adityanath has emerged as the biggest crowd puller for the bjp after modi.
;;0.6486;;like modi and shah, adityanath will speak only in hindi but we expect him to have an impact in telangana, said a party sources, adding that he can influence the large yadav population in the state.
;;0.7351;;in the pre-election attempt to lay claim to the saints legacy, at one end was prime minister modi laying the foundation stone for the beautification of the birthplace of the bhakti poet in varanasi and on the other was mayawati, who said that instead of observing a ceremony to remember the saint, bjp should free its mind of narrow thoughts, casteism and communalism.
;;0.7184;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday said he would reinforce india's strong support to reformed multilateralism at the g20 summit, crucial to preserve rule-based international order.
;;0.5106;;earlier, prime minister modi , speaking on behalf of the country, told isro scientists that the entire nation stands with them and expressed confidence that the space agency will go on to achieve many milestones in the future.
;;0.4939;;a few days ago, pm modi , in his 'mann ki baat' radio programme, praised isro scientists for fixing the rocket glitch in record time and launching the lunar mission within seven days of the first scheduled liftoff date.
;;0.0;;namo tv, a bjp-sponsored channel that publicised prime minister modi 's rallies and other poll messages, had gone off air last month after the lok sabha polls in a written reply to a question in the rajya sabha, information and broadcasting minister prakash javadekar said, the 'namo tv' is not listed in the list of channels of ministry of information and broadcasting as it was a 'platform service' offered by dth operators to its subscribers.
;;0.8302;;during the credentials ceremony, he said trump referred to a very wide gamut of corporations that the two countries are engaged in, not just at the bilateral level but also as strategic partners involving the region and global areas of interest, particularly the vision of the indo-pacific region envisioned by the leaders of the two countries during the june, 2017 visit of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.7783;;suffering from depression, this morbidly obese woman  weighing close to 200kg  shot off several letters to prime minister modi and the then chief minister, anandiben patel , seeking permission for euthanasia.
;;0.2144;;hyderabad: soon after his press conference where he announced that the telugu desam party was pulling out of the nda government on wednesday night, ap chief minister n chandrababu naidu tried to contact prime minister modi but he could not speak to him.
;;0.1655;;naidu said as a responsible senior politician, he had called modi to inform him about the decision of the tdp to pull out its two ministers from the union cabinet but the prime minister did not come on the phone line.
;;0.1027;;madurai: prime minister modi on sunday said the centre's aim is to make tamil nadu a preferred hub for aerospace and defence industries in the country.
;;-0.3818;;ahmedabad: counting of votes started on monday morning for the high-stakes gujarat assembly polls, considered a prestige battle for prime minister modi in his home state and a litmus test for new congress president rahul gandhi.
;;0.0;;addressing a mammoth gathering of page observers here, shah added that the nda is only going to install the next government under the leadership of prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;congress and the communists have been uprooted from the northeast because the modi government prioritized the core issues of the region with utmost sincerity in the last five years, he said.
;;0.0;;he said against the recommendation of devolution of funds of rs 7,000 crore by the 14th finance commission, the modi government has given about rs 25000 crore only to tripura in the last five years.
;;-0.2023;;jaipur: congress chief rahul gandhi set off a controversy on wednesday when he accused prime minister modi of running away from the debate on rafale deal in the lok sabha and instead letting a woman  defence minister nirmala sitharaman  defend him in parliament.
;;-0.0772;;hours after he sparked a controversy on wednesday by accusing pm modi of running away from the rafale debate in parliament and letting a woman  defence minister nirmala sitharaman  defend him, rahul gandhi sought to regain ground.
;;-0.4019;;my daughter is a defence officer - she can protect any civilian male including @narendramodi @rahulgandhi ,congress has insulted her strength by the patriarchal mocking of @nsitharaman and accusing modi of hiding behind her, reacted nidhi bahuguna on twitter.
;;0.2023;;why is the defence minister of india reduced to being defence minister of pm modi?
;;0.0;;bhopal: prime minister modi is likely to arrive on a day-long visit to madhya pradesh on june 23, and will take part in two programmes in indore and rajgarh districts, said sources.
;;0.2023;;chief minister shivraj singh chouhan in a crucial meeting with the top officials today discussed the preparations in view of prime minister modi modi's visit.
;;0.0;;as per the plan, modi will dedicate a medium irrigation project in mohanpura of rajgarh.
;;-0.8074;;sources in the secretariat disclosed that prime minister modi's visit to the state has been planned in the view of congress president rahul gandhi's visit to mandsaur on june 6, where the congress president will pay tributes to the farmers killed in last year's firing.
;;0.2732;;meanwhile, chief minister pinarayi vijayan wrote to prime minister modi seeking his immediate intervention in resolving the issue and ending the postal strike.
;;0.1027;;singapore: prime minister modi met us defence secretary james mattis on the sidelines of the shangri la dialogue and went on board an indian navy ship at a naval base here on saturday, the concluding day of his three-nation tour of southeast asia, before departing for india.
;;0.25;;at a closed-door meeting, modi and mattis discussed all security-related issues of mutual and global interests, sources said.
;;0.1531;;modi started his engagements on saturday with a meeting with singapore emeritus senior minister and former pm goh chok tong.
;;0.0;;modi visited the national orchid garden where an orchid was named after him  dendrobrium modi modi.
;;0.0;;pm modi also visited the mariamman temple.
;;0.4215;;accompanied by singapore culture minister grace yien, modi visited the chulia mosque which was built by chulia muslim merchants from indias coromandal coast, under the leadership of anser sahib.
;;0.0;;modi and yien also visited the buddha tooth relic temple and museum.
;;0.0;;modi and yien visited the indian heritage centre where the pm unveiled the kala sangam, a permanent platform established by the indian high commission in singapore and the heritage centre to bring indian artisans to singapore to demonstrate their craft.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi also went on board a visiting an indian naval ship ins satpura at the changi naval base in singapore.
;;0.0;;30pm on february 14, but prime minister modi stayed busy campaigning and addressing a meeting till 6.
;;-0.6249;;rahul gandhi also immediately said we are with the government in this hour of crisis, while modi and up cm yogi adityanath stayed campaigning, he alleged.
;;0.0;;new delhi: despite bilateral trade going down and russia increasingly aligning itself with china, india is doggedly pursuing bilateral relations with prime minister modi set to hold the 18th annual summit with russian president vladimir putin in st petersburg during his fournation tour, starting monday .
;;0.0;;modi will meet emmanuel macron, the newly elected french president, on the last leg of his four-nation visit.
;;0.4215;;chennai: prime minister modi on monday invited himself over for a treat of dosas and idlis at the house of a tamil nadu woman who is one of the beneficiaries of the ujjwala yojna, a flagship welfare scheme of his government aimed at increasing lpg cylinder coverage among poor families.
;;0.0;;asked modi to rudraamma , one of the 14.
;;0.0;;asked modi.
;;0.0;;the conversation ended with a vanakkam by modi.
;;0.4019;;former deputy chief minister r ashoka said that prime minister modi , during an interaction with party workers, felt that bengalurus infrastructure should match that of the national capital and that the partys manifesto is also focussed on the same.
;;0.0;;it is from here that prime minister modi will launch the pan-india expansion of beti bachao beti padhao (bbbp) programme to cover all 640 districts on womens day on march 8.
;;-0.6369;;the party alleged him of creating and promoting hatred and insulting prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah , in violation of model code of conduct.
;;0.8271;;mangaluru: the bjp election office at bunts hostel was all smiles as the party supporters, who flocked the premises to listen to prime minister modi modis address, seemed content with his answers that were laced with a heavy dose of wit.
;;0.0;;as modi explained the rationale behind the slew of initiatives undertaken by him, the crowd was hooked to the large screen, and clapped in unison to the answers that appealed to them the most.
;;0.5859;;mutalib belme, a supporter of the prime minister, said it was the path of development treaded by modi that drew him towards the bjp, and due to which he would cast his vote for the saffron party this time.
;;0.0;;a representative from bengaluru sought an answer from modi as to when india would become a developed country.
;;0.4019;;the party cec led by prime minister modi met in the evening.
;;-0.0258;;he demanded that prime minister modi and defence minister nirmala sitharaman should apologize to the nation.
;;0.0;;he said the party's performance was a victory of prime minister modi 's policies.
;;0.5267;;united nations: prime minister modi will address the annual high-level un general assembly session on september 27 and will have a packed agenda of bilateral and multilateral engagements during his nearly week-long stay in new york.
;;0.0;;according to an updated list of speakers for the general debate of the 74th session of the un general assembly (unga), modi will address the high-level session on the morning of september 27.
;;0.0;;as prime minister, modi had given his maiden address to world leaders at the un general assembly in 2014.
;;0.0;;pakistan's prime minister imran khan is scheduled to address the unga session shortly after modi.
;;0.1531;;modi has a packed agenda of bilateral and multilateral engagements in the un and new york area during his nearly week-long visit to the city.
;;0.4215;;as the world commemorates gandhi's 150th birth anniversary, modi will also host a special event 'leadership matters: relevance of gandhi in the contemporary world' on september 24 in the economic and social council (ecosoc) chamber in the un headquarters.
;;0.7506;;during his visit to new york, modi will also inaugurate the gandhi peace garden', an innovative initiative to commemorate gandhi's 150 birth anniversary this year.
;;0.4767;;in 2015, modi had addressed the high-level un sustainable development summit ahead of the general debate, when world leaders had adopted the ambitious 2030 agenda for sustainable development, an intergovernmental set of aspiration goals with 169 targets.
;;-0.3612;;i doubt modi has that team and inclination for building it (the nation).
;;-0.4243;;the issue is serious but modi is not ready to address it, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi in march inaugurated a rifle plant in amethi that will produce 750,000 kalashnikov ak-203 rifles under a joint venture between india and russia.
;;0.0;;as against the target of 4 crore under prime minister modi modi's saubhagy scheme, the state so far has provided 25 lakh household connections.
;;-0.7845;;on allegations of former minister raghuvansh pratap singh that lalu yadav has been jailed in the fodder scam as per delhi's plan, he said it has become a fashion to target modi.
;;0.0;;by express news servicebengaluru: karnataka chief minister bs yediyurappa on tuesday met prime minister modi and a host of union ministers in delhi with a wishlist for the state.
;;0.0;;it is expected that the next delhi metro corridor to be opened will be the kalkaji mandir-janakpuri west corridor of the magenta line, the first section of which was inaugurated by prime minister modi on december 25.
;;0.0;;belagavi: if everything goes according to plan, prime minister modi will kickstart the lok sabha election campaign from belagavi on february 10.
;;0.7096;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday emphasised on participation of more and more women in building 'new india' and urged the scientific community to deliberate on how ' artificial intelligence ' (ai) could help the country in helping differently abled persons, tackling natural disasters, extending health services and assisting farmers .
;;-0.2732;;modi regretted that while people read signboards on safety, they often ignored the messages.
;;0.4939;;the dredger, which is the property of adani port and special economic zone (apsez), has been given contract to do the dredging work at ghogha terminal of the ghogha-dahej ro-ro ferry service launched by prime minister modi last year.
;;0.5267;;new delhi: prime minister modi on saturday set the goal to achieve social justice in india.
;;0.4588;;modi also pointed out that it is essential to identify the areas where districts need improvement and then address the shortcomings.
;;0.0;;on the instructions of prime minister modi , the state government had, in 2016, directed road contractors to mix plastic in tar on an experimental basis.
;;0.0557;;prime minister modi was the star guest at the reception and due to protocol and high security, priyanka and nick didnt accept gifts from anyone except flowers.
;;0.128;;thiruvananthapuram: senior congress mp k v thomas on saturday denied showering praises on prime minister modi after the kerala pradesh congress committee (kpcc) had issued him a show-cause notice.
;;-0.2263;;thomas reportedly said modi has the knack to convince people while making harsh decisions.
;;0.5106;;compared to other bjp leaders, thomas felt comfortable communicating with modi , reports quoted the mp as saying.
;;0.4519;;though there are political and ideological differences with modi , his management abilities cannot be ignored, he reportedly said.
;;0.0;;i said that modi had taken some anti-people decisions and implemented them with his management skills.
;;-0.7269;;new delhi: congress mp shashi tharoor dubbed the police chargesheet accusing him of abetting the suicide of his wife sunanda pushkar as preposterous which he would contest vigorously even as congress accused the bjp top brass led by prime minister modi of using delhi police to hound its leader.
;;0.0;;the bjp including pm modi are behind this, congress spokesman randeep singh surjewala said.
;;0.7906;;he wanted that the centre take over the temple administration and had petitioned against the present temple management to president ram nath kovind , prime minister modi and chief justice of the supreme court dipak mishra.
;;-0.296;;when jaganmohan was opposition leader in andhra pradesh in 2017 february, he had lodged a complaint with prime minister modi against the alleged vindictive and discriminatory action of the then joint director sa uma shankar goud and assistant director bs gandhi and alleged they acted under the undue and coercive influence of tdp government.
;;0.0;;in the complaint to modi , jaganmohan alleged, we have been subjected to a series of orders of provisional attachment at the instance gandhi who has been working at the instance of tdp in andhra.
;;0.3182;;new delhi: prime minister modi on thursday held a telephonic conversation with ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky and vowed to strengthen bilateral ties.
;;0.7506;;modi congratulated zwlensky on his success in the ukrainian presidential elections and also extended felicitations for the victory of his 'servant of the people party' in the recently concluded parliamentary elections, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;0.8074;;referring to the friendly and cordial relations between india and ukraine , modi noted the satisfactory pace of growth in bilateral trade relations.
;;0.4019;;the boost to these ties and tourism from the direct air-link between kyiv and delhi since last year was also noted by the modi , the statement said.
;;-0.2023;;the search for a loan comes a week after the government failed to attract bidders for a stake in the airline, despite prime minister modi modi's efforts to raise capital by selling the ailing carrier.
;;0.34;;hyderabad: elaborate security arrangements have been made for prime minister modi modis public meeting at lb stadium scheduled for december 3 .
;;0.0;;as part of telanganas election campaign, modi will be attending the meeting at lb stadium on monday.
;;0.0258;;modi is likely to reach the stadium by road from begumpet airport.
;;0.8779;;though bjp leaders are still confident to repeating their 2014 performance  the party had won 13 of the 14 seats in kashi prant  under the leadership of prime minister modi , the fast changing equations following sp-bsp alliance formation has left the party cadres worried.
;;0.0;;having risen from grassroots, thakur has worked with prime minister modi during the latters stint as the bjp incharge for himachal pradesh.
;;0.2263;;in a rare gesture, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami agreed to the suggestion from leader of opposition m k stalin that mps from the state should call on prime minister modi to put pressure on the centre against the privatisation of the plant, the dream project of dmk founder c n annadurai.
;;0.802;;adilabad: much before prime minister modi promised to double farmers income, telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao had promised to turn agriculture into a festival for cultivators.
;;0.5106;;yogi also furthered prime minister modi 's swachh bharat call at the event organised by the ministry of panchayati raj under namami gange project, which was attended by gram pradhans of 1,627 open defecation free (odf) villages of 25 districts situated along the ganga.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had invited president trump for a bilateral visit to india during their talks in washington last year.
;;0.2732;;president trump was honoured by prime minister modi's invitation for him to be chief guest of india's republic day on january 26, 2019 but is unable to participate due to scheduling constraints, a white house spokesperson told pti on monday, when asked about trump's decision on modi's invitation.
;;0.8271;;the president enjoys a strong personal rapport with prime minister modi developed through two meetings and several phone calls and remains committed to deepening the us-india strategic partnership, the spokesperson said.
;;0.4215;;the president very much looks forward to meeting prime minister modi again at the earliest opportunity, the white house spokesperson said.
;;0.4019;;surat: the federation of surat textile traders association (fostta) has urged prime minister modi to form a special task force to study the impact of gst on the textile sector.
;;0.0;;in a letter to modi , the fostta office-bearers have stated that the production of man-made fabric has reduced from four crore meters per day to less than two crore meters, the sale of polyester fabric including saries and dress material has decreased by almost 40  and that the export of finished fabrics has reduced by almost 28  in the last 10 months post-gst implementation.
;;0.4588;;the memorial will be dedicated to the nation on monday with prime minister modi lighting the eternal flame.
;;0.0;;a statement from bjd on friday had clarified that prime minister modi and home minister amit shah had spoken to the chief minister for vaishnaw.
;;0.6597;;image used for representational purposedownload the times of india news app for latest citychennai: the regional parties in tamil nadu have a different take on the move by prime minister modi to push forward the one nation; one election move and for which he has convened a meeting of all parties on june 19 in new delhi.
;;0.0;;even last year, when the topic surfaced, modi government was to advance elections to six states, including maharashtra and jharkhand, which are to face assembly polls in a few months from now.
;;-0.296;;there is talk about his name being pushed (as an alternative to modi) and because of that i am worried about him.
;;0.5719;;patnaik said that prime minister modi refrained from giving any assurance to odisha to resolve the dispute with chhattisgarh during his recent visit to cuttack.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi paid his tributes to the martyrs by laying a wreath at amar jawan jyoti before the start of the parade in presence of defence minister nirmala sitharaman and the three service chiefs.
;;0.1027;;later, pm modi reached rajpath to receive president ram nath kovind and the chief guest.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: prime minister modi said on sunday said that in order to see the beauty and understand people of the country, there can be no better teacher than tourism.
;;0.5859;;during his radio programme 'mann ki baat', prime minister modi said, i appeal to all to visit those tourist spots within our country whose scenic beauty is to behold during the monsoon season.
;;0.0;;washington: howdy, modi is bringing together indian-americans and hindu americans from across the us, democratic presidential aspirant and the first hindu woman in the us congress tulsi gabbard has said.
;;0.5994;;gabbard, 38, on thursday extended her warm welcome to prime minister modi for his upcoming us visit beginning on saturday.
;;0.6115;;i'm very happy to see that 'howdy, modi' is bringing together indian-americans and hindu americans from across our country, including many of my colleagues in the us congress, gabbard said on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will attend a large gathering with an audience of over 50,000 at the nrg stadium in houston on sunday, september 22.
;;0.1511;;us president donald trump along with a number of high-ranking us government officials, including governors, members of congress and mayors will attend the howdy, modi!
;;0.3612;;a long-time advocate for greater ties between the us and india, she also congratulated modi when he was first elected as prime minister following the 2014 elections.
;;-0.6833;;during his israel visit july last year, prime minister modi had visited this war memorial.
;;0.0;;this is the first proposal shah has moved in the lok sabha after being appointed as the home minister in the second tenure of the modi government.
;;0.0;;premchandaran said prime minister modi is advocating for simultaneous state assembly and lok sabha polls in the country then why assembly polls were not held along with general elections in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7783;;modi thanked abe for his warm welcome to him and the indian delegation visiting japan for the g20 summit.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said that he was looking forward to the visit of abe to india later this year for the annual summit.
;;-0.6833;;abe referred to the prime minister modi's initiatives on the earlier g20 meetings on the issue of fugitive economic offenders and he said the g20 should deal with this problem as part of its anti-corruption measures.
;;0.0;;the two leaders also had a brief discussion on the mumbai-ahmedabad high speed rail corridor and on a convention centre being built in varanasi, prime minister modi's constituency.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said he is looking forward to seeing abe again at the eastern economic forum in vladivostok in early september.
;;0.5106;;modi will be the chief guest the forum at the invitation of russian president vladimir putin modi appreciated the work japan is doing in the infrastructure projects in north east india.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister modi also sought japan's assistance in building disaster resilient infrastructure.
;;-0.7579;;prime minister modi wants to link the disaster management capacities of the countries together so that if a disaster occurs leaders of counties know whom to go to and how to get help, rather than beginning from scratch, he said.
;;0.0;;apart from abe, prime minister modi will also meet, us president donald trump , chinese president xi jinping , russian president putin and other leaders during the g20 summit.
;;0.0;;this will be prime minister modi's sixth g20 summit on june 28-29.
;;0.0;;pm modi along with bjp mps present during parliament session at lok sabha in new delhi.
;;0.3612;;(photo courtesy: ani)new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday introduced his new council of ministers to the lok sabha it is a customary practice for the prime minister to introduce the council of ministers after the new government takes over or if there is a reshuffle or expansion of the union cabinet.
;;0.0;;modi is likely to introduce the ministers to the rajya sabha on friday.
;;0.0;;ever since the countrys longest rail-cum-road bridge, connecting dibrugarh and dhemaji, was thrown open by prime minister modi on december 25, an estimated 25 to 30 thousand people have come to visit the bridge on a daily basis.
;;0.0;;in six days time, prime minister modi is scheduled to throw open the kalkaji mandir-botanical garden stretch of the magenta line on which this train operates.
;;0.5574;;following the vision of prime minister modi to promote cashless economy, the bank took the initiative at bhagabanpur to make all residents of the village to transact digitally.
;;0.2732;;bhosale, who draws his political influence due to his descendance from maratha king chhatrapati shivaji's family, said he agreed with the policies pursued by prime minister modi and will work for maharashtra as aleader.
;;0.3818;;on friday, he cleared the air, tweeting he will join bjp in new delhi in the presence of pm modi , amit shah, nitin gadkari and cm devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.508;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday trained guns at the ruling siddaramaiah government in karnataka and accused them of not letting the benefits of ' fasal bima yojna ' reach the farmers.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , while addressing kisan morcha karyakartas of karnataka through modi (namo) app, said that a change in the government is needed to bring changes in the farmer's condition.
;;0.0;;a sensitive government, which works for the development of farmers, is needed in the state, prime minister modi said.
;;-0.25;;prime minister modi kickstarted a series of election rallies in the poll-bound state on tuesday, holding three rallies on the first day alone.
;;0.34;;vadodara: a thick security blanket has been thrown around narmada district as prime minister modi on wednesday unveiled the statue of unity at kevadiya colony.
;;-0.8225;;tulsi returned the brief when chief minister modi made disparaging remarks against sohrabuddin in an election speech justifying the killing.
;;0.0;;the chief minister further informed bhagat that arunachal has started its mission to make the state fully organic as per the initiative of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.9001;;coimbatore: the city police have conducted raid at the house of the coimbatore bomb blast case convict, who was arrested on monday after an audio clip of his telephonic conversation with a truck contractor in which he is heard saying he was planning to kill prime minister modi surfaced.
;;-0.7003;;our daughters will get justice, culprits won't be spared: pm modi on rape cases breaking his silence on the unnao and kathua rape cases, prime minister modi today said: no culprit will be spared, complete justice will be done.
;;-0.9382;;although sharma claimed that lal singh and ganga quit on their own, sources said the two were recalled at the instance of pm modi , who held that being ministers, they should not have joined the attack on j&k police for arresting those accused of raping and killing an eight-year-old.
;;-0.765;;modi, who has been attacked by congress and others for keeping mum on the two atrocities, spoke forcefully and said the twin crimes had shamed the nation.
;;0.0;;pm modi has been to sri lanka twice now.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has given a target to union power ministry to provide power connections to all households by march 2019.
;;0.0;;citing a few examples, that his government has achieved in this regard, shah said, the nation now has changed the scale of transformation under prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;he added that he has already submitted a letter to prime minister modi stating that the state unit opposes the move.
;;0.936;;bjp state president kanna lakshminarayana had already won the trust of its national leadership including prime minister modi and party supremo amit shah making him an undisputed leader in the party state wing.
;;0.2263;;ahmedabad: obc leader alpesh thakor , who is contesting from radhanpur seat on a congress ticket , is seen in a video alleging that prime minister modi has become fairer because he eats imported mushrooms worth rs 4 lakh every day.
;;0.3724;;someone had told me that you cannot eat what modi eats every day because it is not the poor peoples food.
;;0.0;;he then told me that modi does not eat what you people eat here.
;;0.0;;alpesh further said in the video that to a query, he was told by the person that modi has been eating mushrooms since he was cm (of gujarat).
;;0.5106;;referring to prime minister modi modis speech during the opening of the indian science congress, haldane said: pm modi wanted to encourage state universities.
;;0.5574;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday inaugurated a memorial 'sadaiv atal' dedicated to former pm atal bihari vajpayee on his birth anniversary at rashtriya smriti sthal president ram nath kovind , vice-president m venkaiah naidu were among the dignitaries who paid floral tributes to the former statesman at the memorial built near the rashtriya smriti sthal, where his mortal remains were consigned to flames on august 17.
;;0.5859;;in a tweet, pm modi while paying his tribute to vajpayee, reiterated the commitment towards creating the india that vajpayee dreamt of.
;;-0.5719;;dear mr modi , after your visit to guruvayur - a huge flood visited kerala, causing death & destruction.
;;-0.4019;;co/ginir06um3  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1567155581000new delhi: congress leader rahul gandhi hit out at prime minister modi for neglecting the flood-hit state of kerala.
;;0.2484;;demanding transparency over the situation in the valley, gandhi said that prime minister modi and the government must make it very clear and transparent on exactly what is happening in the union territories of j&k and ladakh.
;;0.128;;recognising states performance on bbbp, prime minister modi had launched pan-india expansion of bbbp in march 2018 from jhunjhunu.
;;0.6808;;file photonew delhi: an indian delegation of political leaders and foreign policy experts will be visiting the united states ahead of prime minister modi modi's visit there address the united national general assembly on september 27.
;;0.2846;;new delhi: congress chief rahul gandhi on monday led his party on a nationwide fast targeting the modi government but a picture of party leaders having chholebhature before the protest gave bjp fodder to launch a counter-attack and dub the exercise a farce and joke on dalits.
;;-0.5574;;gandhi, whose party had announced the fast over a variety of issues, including alleged caste and communal violence, accused prime minister modi of being anti-dalit.
;;0.0;;he also spoke of bjps dalit mps writing to modi and claimed that the ruling partys members tell him in parliament that modi was casteist and anti-dalit.
;;0.9517;;qingdao: prime minister modi today praised afghanistan president ashraf ghani 's bold initiatives towards peace and expressed hope that it will be respected by all parties, referring to a ceasefire announced by the afghan leader for eid.
;;0.6124;;speaking at the restricted session of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit here, prime minister modi also promised that india will play an active role in the contact group for afghanistan under the sco banner.
;;0.9423;;i hope the bold initiatives towards peace taken by president ghani will be respected by all parties, modi said at the summit, also attended by pakistan president mamnoon hussain modi was referring to the afghan government's surprise announcement of the week-long ceasefire with the taliban for eid.
;;0.0;;the uae minister, who arrived here late last night, will also call on prime minister modi and participate in a business roundtable on tuesday.
;;0.25;;modi had visited the uae in august 2015 during which the two countries decided to elevate their relation to a comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;0.0;;pm modi and president trump at the 'howdy, modi' mega rally at the nrg stadium in houston.
;;0.0;;(file photo)new delhi: in front of a massive gathering of the indian diaspora and with us president donald trump in attendance, prime minister modi held out the message that india would remain a globalised, pluralistic and diverse power.
;;0.6808;;the howdy modi show in houston was a dream that successive indian governments have had  a show of indian power in american heartland, propped up by its educated, wealthy diaspora.
;;0.2732;;modi did well to mobilise the power of the indian diaspora and pull it through.
;;0.6369;;while india sees them as something like a knowledge bridge to leverage technology, capital and influence for indias development, there are other underlying tones  the cohort is willing to support modi so long as india remains part of the globalised world, with an economy, open to trade and investment.
;;-0.4767;;it was no coincidence that the modi government slashed corporate taxes and announced a slew of measures to pull up the economy by the socks, just on the eve of the pms departure for the us.
;;0.3818;;modi began his speech by speaking in almost 10 indian languages, in his own way resolving the language controversy that erupted back home in recent days.
;;0.0;;for everyone who watched the show, modi owned the stage.
;;0.0;;india seemed to have bet on trump for the present, with modi reminding him of his 2016 slogan.
;;0.8689;;on tuesdayon mondayvijayapura/koppal: prime minister modi said the congress had lost faith in its chief rahul gandhis ability to win elections, and has roped in his mother, sonia gandhi , to at least save its candidates deposits.
;;-0.296;;later, addressing a rally in koppal, modi accused the cm of caste discrimination.
;;0.0;;a copy of the letter has also been sent to prime minister modi , finance minister nirmala sitharaman, civil aviation minister hardeep singh puri and commerce minister piyush goyal among others.
;;0.8176;;i dedicate this win to prime minister modi , who is celebrating his 69th birthday today, panghal said after the bout.
;;-0.3182;;bhopal: the madhya pradesh police is apparently on a desperate hunt for 100 'clean' policemen to be deployed for prime minister modi 's gwalior's visit.
;;0.0;;the idea of holding the meeting of police chiefs outside the national capital was mooted by modi after he assumed power in 2014.
;;-0.7269;;thiruvananthapuram: coming down heavily on prime minister modi for his recent remarks on attacks on keralas cultural heritage by the party that rules the state, chief minister pinarayi vijayan said modi should have condemned his own followers for attacking the states cultural and social fabric.
;;-0.5106;;modi insulted kerala with such a statement, and the congress remained mute spectators.
;;0.4019;;he said the political agenda for the debate this year appropriately will be prime minister modi versus an anarchist combination of such parties.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has given 'scam-free' government and his fifth year will focus on consolidation of policies and programmes, he wrote.
;;0.0;;new delhi: river ganga in prime minister modi 's constituency varanasi may be among the first places in india to get a regular seaplane service.
;;0.5927;;but the plane shot to fame three days later when pm modi flew on it in ahmedabad.
;;0.4767;;this story is from november 24, 2018jaipur: former union minister c p joshi apologised on friday for his allegedly casteist remarks against prime minister modi , union minister uma bharti and hindu activist sadhvi ritambhara after his party president, rahul gandhi , epxressed his disapproval.
;;-0.1027;;addressing a poll meeting at sema village in his constituency on thursday, joshi had allegedly questioned the credentials of modi , bharti and ritambhara, who are non-brahmins, to comment on hindu religion.
;;-0.2617;;panaji: the unemployment problem today is the root cause for many crimes across the state and country, all india congress committee secretary a chellakumar said on tuesday, adding that prime minister modi had promised 10 crore jobs but had not delivered.
;;0.8934;;singapore: describing the indo-pacific as a natural region, prime minister modi has said that india's armed forces, especially the navy, are building and expanding partnerships in the strategically vital region for peace and security as well as humanitarian assistance.
;;0.34;;inclusiveness, openness and asean centrality and unity, therefore, lie at the heart of the new indo-pacific, prime minister modi said at the prestigious shangri-la dialogue here on friday evening.
;;0.4404;;modi also underlined the need for good connectivity to enhance trade and prosperity.
;;0.0516;;modi stressed that india's friendships are not alliances of containment.
;;0.891;;in conclusion, prime minister modi said, india will engage with the world in peace, with respect, through dialogue and absolute commitment to international law.
;;-0.3182;;this story is from november 8, 2018arvind kejriwal, delhi cmdownload the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: on the second anniversary of demonetisation aam aadmi party (aap) convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal thursday questioned the rationale behind the modi government's note ban move and termed it as a self inflicted deep wound on the indian economy.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi on november 8, 2016, announced a ban on then in use rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination bank notes with immediate effect.
;;-0.8126;;the effects of demonetisation including its role in culling black money and stemming terrorism and naxalism as well as its impact on the economy are still being discussed with the opposition slamming the modi government, terming its decision as ill-advised and disastrous for the country.
;;-0.1027;;singapore: prime minister modi and singapore's former premier goh chok tong today jointly unveiled a plaque to pay tribute at the immersion site of mahatma gandhi's ashes at clifford pier in the city-state.
;;0.0;;modi, who is here on the last leg of his three-nation tour, unveiled the plaque on the seafront where some of the mahatma's ashes were immersed in 1948.
;;0.0;;emeritus senior minister goh chok tong and i unveiled a plaque marking the site where mahatma gandhi's ashes were immersed at the clifford pier in singapore, modi tweeted.
;;0.4588;;earlier, modi met goh, a veteran leader and an advocate of deeper india-singapore engagement.
;;0.0;;had a productive meeting with emeritus senior minister goh chok tong, modi tweeted after meeting goh.
;;0.0;;modi arrived here on thursday on the last leg of his three-nation visit.
;;-0.0258;;this step has been implemented as the state governments project under the name sone jal sanjivani abhiyan and was initiated after prime minister modi wrote a letter to village heads on june 8 requesting them to join hands to deal water crisis by constructing ponds taankas etc in their respective regions.
;;0.0;;and this is the situation in prime minister modi 's constituency, he said.
;;0.8807;;addressing the fifth meeting of the governing council of niti aayog at the rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi in the presence of prime minister modi , several union ministers and chief ministers of many states, nitish said it is a matter of great pleasure that the union government has implemented the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi yojana to increase the income of farmers from the financial year 2018-19.
;;0.128;;financial assistance of rs 6,000 per annum is provided to small and marginal landholder farmers families with cultivable land holding up to 2 hectares across the country, under the scheme which was launched in february 2019 by modi government.
;;0.0;;reportedly, the state government got into the act after prime minister modi , on october 31, told authorities here to explore the possibilities of developing cruise, seaplane and boating facilities in the dam near the statue of unity.
;;0.5719;;earlier, when modi was the gujarat cm, such tourism services were discussed but were shelved due to safety, as the dam was then incomplete.
;;0.296;;the bjp leader alleged that nehru victimised mookerjee just like he did to the architect of constitution dr b r ambedkar and the first union home minister sardar vallabhbhai patel on abrogation of article 370 , he said everyone believed that the nda government led by prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah would take a definite decision on the matter and bring about change.
;;0.3818;;the chief minister is expected to meet prime minister modi on tuesday with a request to ensure that appropriate changes are made to the presidential order for implementation of cabinet decisions including the new zonal system, local status and 95  reservations in the zonal system in telangana.
;;0.0;;in addition to undergoing dental-related medical diagnosis during his stay, kcr will also take up with pm modi the issue of enhancement of reservations to sts and muslims and the possibility of extending reservations to ebcs.
;;0.4854;;old age pension +health protection plan +new delhi: prime minister modi is set to extend a welfare program to indias 500 million (50 crore) workers as he bids for re-election in 2019, but he has limited time and resources to implement the ambitious plan.
;;0.6124;;modi aims to initially provide three programmes , life insurance and maternity benefits, while leaving out unemployment, child support and other benefits  to most working citizens, government officials said, asking not to be identified as discussions are private.
;;-0.631;;but the timing suggests it's political in nature and modi wants to push it in a hurry so that in election campaign he can claim it's a game changer for poor.
;;0.6908;;the second round of talks on the corridor was announced after the re-election of prime minister modi the first round was held on march 14 on the indian side of the attari-wagah border , during which issues like finalisation of the draft agreement between the two countries were discussed.
;;0.0;;pm modi (file photo)ranchi: prime minister modi will launch kisan maan dhan yojana (kmdy) in ranchi later today.
;;0.0;;co/tlrbsmgexl  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1561789729000osaka: prime minister modi on saturday left for home after concluding his three-day visit to japan where he attended the g20 summit and met with the world leaders including us president donald trump during his stay in osaka, modi took part in a series of summit sessions, bilateral and multilateral meetings.
;;0.0;;this was prime minister modi's sixth g20 summit which was held on june 28-29.
;;0.4019;;on friday, modi held bilateral and plurilateral meetings with many leaders, including us president donald trump, russian president vladimir putin and china's xi jinping on saturday, the prime minister met the presidents of indonesia and brazil separately and discussed ways to boost bilateral ties and enhance cooperation in trade and investment.
;;-0.7579;;modi also invited the g20 countries to join a global coalition on disaster resilience, saying disasters require quick and effective remedial measures as they invariably affect the poor the most.
;;0.4019;;the maiden session of 17th lok sabha commenced on monday with prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi, defence minister rajnath singh, home minister amit shah and transport and highways minister nitin gadkari among the prominent membes who took oath on the first day.
;;0.3818;;co/advztmyfrm  aap (@aamaadmiparty) 1520653774000new delhi: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has written to prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi, seeking time to meet them for resolving the issue of sealing of shops in the national capital.
;;0.2023;;in his letter to modi , the chief minister said, the traders are on the verge of starvation and each shop is means of livelihood for many people.
;;-0.2023;;talking to toi on wednesday, a senior party functionary said that jd(u)'s leaders, especially nitish kumar and sharad yadav, have been fiercely critical of gujarat chief minister modi and have made no bones about expressing their reservation over his projection.
;;0.4404;;a sidelined jd(u), therefore, means more power to modi , he said as he suspected 'hand of pro-modi lobby' in a carefully scripted strategy to do away with the unfavourable ally.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 27, 2018prime minister modi modidownload the times of india news app for latest cityprime minister modi is scheduled to address two poll meetings in telangana on tuesday.
;;0.0;;according to the party's state unit, modi will address a meeting in nizamabad at noon, followed by a rally in mahabubnagar at 2.
;;0.0258;;chandigarh: union minister for food processing industries harsimrat kaur badal met prime minister modi on wednesday to take up the matter of change of name of dayal singh evening college at delhi.
;;-0.4404;;ahmedabad: the ahmedabad police have denied permission for roadshows of prime minister modi and the congress partys president-elect, rahul gandhi , which were scheduled on tuesday.
;;-0.2263;;it is with this in mind that our prime minister modi , during his visit to afghanistan on december 24, 2015 to inaugurate the parliament building, stopped over in lahore, pakistan, he said.
;;0.0;;the two campaign rallies (to be led by modi and kanam rajendran next week) will focus on sabarimala .
;;-0.6249;;this comes days after the aggrieved clubs wrote to prime minister modi , briefing him about the crisis facing indian football.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 28, 2019prime minister modi , chief minister pinarayi vijayan and governor p sathasivam during the inaugural f.
;;0.0;;kochi: prime minister modi inaugurated rs 16,504-crore integrated refinery expansion project (irep) complex at bpcl kochi refinery at ambalamugal in kochi on sunday.
;;0.5859;;(file photo)new delhi: prime minister modi on thursday gave a booster shot to his energy plan months ahead of the general elections by simultaneously launching work on city gas distribution projects in 129 districts across 18 states with a view to piping clean cooking fuel to two crore households, widening the coverage to over 400 districts and installing 10,000 cng stations.
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi had laid the foundation of this centre, which is first of its kind in the country, during a visit to the city in september 2018.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi will host nine back-to-back bilateral meetings with asean leaders starting wednesday and in the run up to the unprecedented presence of as many as 10 heads of state and government at the republic day parade.
;;0.0;;modi will have a separate meeting with cambodian pm hun sen who will stay back for a state visit on january 27.
;;0.0;;modi will hold meetings with vietnam prime minister nguyen xuan phuc, president of philippines rodrigo roa duterte and myanmars state counsellor aung san suu kyi on wednesday itself after their arrival in new delhi for the summit on january 25.
;;0.0;;panaji: the congress , on thursday, took a broad swipe at the bjp-led coalition government saying that getting an appointment with prime minister modi was its biggest achievement.
;;-0.5216;;speaking at pratapsingh ranes felicitation function, state congress president girish chodankar said that despite their best effort, it took the bjp a year to get modi to meet a mining delegation from goa.
;;0.0;;on wednesday, modi met a group of goan bjp mlas, goas three mps and representatives of the goa mining peoples front.
;;0.6808;;kochi: as many as 15 selected beneficiaries of pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay) scheme in ernakulam will get an opportunity to meet prime minister modi through video conferencing on tuesday morning.
;;-0.1901;;but the thing is that the selected beneficiaries cannot interact with pm as only people from tn south india zone have been allowed to interact with modi on tuesday, said an official with the district poverty alleviation unit.
;;-0.296;;indore: the convenor of madhya pradesh bjps disciplinary committee monday said he has no official information that prime minister modi had directly commented on the conduct of bjp mla akash vijayvargiya who was caught on camera hitting a civic officer with a cricket bat.
;;0.0;;the bhoomipooja of the expressway will be performed by prime minister modi soon.
;;-0.7506;;file photobahraich: upset over alleged abduction and conversion of a sikh girl to islam in pakistan , members of the sikh community here have submitted a memorandum to prime minister modi , requesting him to raise the issue before the un.
;;0.0;;following the establishment of international solar alliance in december 2017, prime minister modi hosted its founding conference in new delhi in march 2018, during which the delhi solar agenda was adopted, she said.
;;0.296;;new delhi: prime minister modi will share his thoughts with the people in india and abroad through ' mann ki baat ' today at 11am.
;;0.0;;they were part of the facilities prime minister modi inaugurated from madurai the gpo centre will cater to residents of north chennai.
;;0.0;;the memorandum will then be submitted to prime minister modi and chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi , defence minister rajnath singh, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, congress lawmakers adhir ranjan choudhary, k suresh, national conference leader farooq abdullah and tmc leader derek o'brien were present at the meeting.
;;0.0;;addressing the fifth governing council meet of niti aayog , chaired by prime minister modi in new delhi, the chief minister presented the status of rail, road and air projects in the state.
;;0.5719;;ahmedabad: the state government has been sued for rs 10 crore in a local court one week after it launched the ahmedabad shopping festival amid fanfare, with even prime minister modi pitching for the event.
;;0.7783;;new delhi: prime minister modi will receive the seoul peace prize on friday.
;;-0.5423;;bengaluru: two days after prime minister modi termed karnataka government's farm loan waiver a cruel joke on farmers, chief minister hd kumaraswamy on sunday said modi's remarks were insensitive and factually incorrect.
;;-0.4019;;kumaraswamy took to twitter to say modi is misleading the people of the country without obtaining the full facts of the scheme.
;;0.7717;;during an interaction with bjp's party workers from karnataka through videoconferencing on friday, modi had taken a swipe at the kumaraswamy government for giving away loan waiver benefits to only a handful of farmers after announcing the rs 44,000-crore loan waiver in july.
;;-0.4767;;the cm also accused the modi government of not responding to farmers' protests in new delhi.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister modi will inaugurate a 50-crore building on baba gangnath marg in delhi on march 6 which will house the central information commission (cic) complete with state-of-the-art videoconferencing stations and facilities to address public grievances.
;;-0.5859;;the congress has alleged that the modi government has reduced funds for promoting use of the transparency law and that a large number of rti applications are being rejected, a claim the government has summarily rejected.
;;0.4404;;in 2015, prime minister modi , while addressing a two-day national convention to mark 10 years of rti, had asked government departments to ensure timeliness, transparency and troublefree approach while replying to rti applications, as this would help reduce errors in governance.
;;0.1531;;addressing a press conference here on monday, moghe said the protest in delhi was aimed at reminding prime minister modi of the plethora of promises he had made to farmers at a nationally live telecast from the temple town of dabhdi in arni taluka on march 20, 2014.
;;0.6486;;then, as soon as he became pm with the farmers' support, modi conveniently forgot his promises.
;;0.0834;;today farmers have no option but to end their lives as none of the promises made by modi have been fulfilled in last three years of bjp government, said moghe.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister modi seems to have restricted himself to words.
;;0.0;;his name cropped up in one of three letters that surfaced after an alleged plot by maoists to eliminate prime minister modi was revealed.
;;-0.3716;;modi believes in misleading and deceiving the people with his trumped-up allegations and fabrications, but the voters of the country would not be taken in again by his jumlebaazi, said amarinder.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi was to hand over flat keys to the allottees in may last year, but the project could not be completed.
;;-0.3182;;new delhi: dedicating the wins in the north-east to bjp-rss workers who died in political violence, prime minister modi on friday took a dig at the congress , saying puducherry cm v narayanasamy would soon be the sole chief minister of the party.
;;-0.7506;;after a two-minute pause for azaan from a mosque near the new bjp office, modi observed silence for the victims of political violence, an issue that bjp and rss have raised up in west bengal, tripura and kerala.
;;0.6486;;i have gladly observed in various international events during which i met with prime minister modi , that common political will exists to improve the relations in every field between the two countries.
;;0.2732;;i and prime minister modi agreed upon focusing on the relations in the fields of economy, trade and technology.
;;0.7184;;we are ready to take part in reaching the targets set by prime minister modi in projects such as 100 smart cities and make in india.
;;0.5994;;we will be pleased to contribute also to tourism of india and to the vision of prime minister modi of making tourism one of the five key pillars of the indian economy.
;;0.0;;on may 2, chief minister vijay rupani, along with 113 members of the national committee dealing with the celebrations will present to prime minister modi the detailed plans for the commemoration.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is likely to launch the yearlong celebration in ahmedabad.
;;0.0;;the rs 287 crore revitalization plan for the sabarmati ashram proposed by modi when he was the chief minister of gujarat is awaiting clearance from the centre.
;;0.7783;;last year, when modi visited the ashram to take part in events to celebrate 100 years of the ashram, it was expected that he would announce the approval of the plan.
;;0.0;;on july 6, prime minister modi will plant saplings in a model anand kanan navgrah vatika at harahua, along the panchkroshi parikrama route, as part of the total 2.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modi's radio programme mann ki baat will resume on june 30 at 11:00 am.
;;0.0;;(file photo)new delhi: prime minister modi modi's radio programme  mann ki baat  will resume on june 30 at 11:00 am, modi said on saturday.
;;0.296;;share it on the namo app open forum, modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;modi is also looking forward to discussing public insights in his upcoming episode of mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;this will be the first mann ki baat episode after modi assumed office for the second time.
;;0.5423;;new delhi: in keeping with an announcement made by prime minister modi at the annual meeting of police chiefs in kevadia (gujarat) last year, the home ministry on friday notified the regulations for a new category of civilian award, to be named after sardar vallabhbhai patel , in recognition of notable contributions towards national unity.
;;-0.2263;;banerjee had started the dharna at metro channel on sunday evening  terming it an apolitical satyagraha  demanding an end to the misuse of central agencies by the modi government.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, the trinamool congress chief fished out the purported tell-all letter in 2013 from saradha boss sudipta sen, now in jail, to substantiate her political vendetta charge against the modi government.
;;0.0;;banerjee also had prime minister modi directly in her crosshairs.
;;0.0;;i am the one raising my voice against modi modi.
;;0.0;;pompeo, who arrived here tuesday night, called on prime minister modi in the morning and discussed various aspects of the bilateral relationship.
;;0.0;;secretary pompeo called on pm modi to exchange views on various aspects of indo-us relationship.
;;0.0;;the us secretary of state's talks with the indian leadership are the first high-level interaction between the two countries after the return of the modi government to power last month.
;;0.6597;;mumbai: the country has achieved the target of electrifying its villages 12 days ahead of a deadline set by prime minister modi , the government said on sunday, which could give the ruling party a boost ahead of a general election in 2019.
;;0.4939;;modi wrote on twitter, as various ministers in his government took to social media to congratulate him.
;;0.0;;when modi took office in 2014, there were some 18,452 villages without electricity.
;;0.34;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday addressed the monthly radio programme mann ki baat ' and shared how the idea of the programme came into being.
;;0.4576;;today's broadcast was all the more special as it is the 50th episode of the monthly programme by pm modi that started in october 2014.
;;0.0;;the mann ki baat radio broadcast by pm modi started months after him assuming the office in 2014.
;;0.7096;;as the last address was broadcast days before the festival of diwali , pm modi also urged people to buy indigenous products in order to support countrymen.
;;0.0;;texas: prime minister modi is slated to address a 50,000 people-strong gathering at the nrg stadium in houston here on september 22.
;;0.0;;the event titled 'howdy modi!
;;0.5255;;this will be the largest ever gathering of indian-americans and friends of india, with diverse representation from the region and across the country, said jugal malani, convener of the 'howdy, modi!
;;0.2519;;first announced in 2014 by prime minister modi under un auspices, the international yoga day is now marked by indias efforts to showcase its legacy through hosting public yoga events in various world capitals, most prominently in the us, a country where improvisers have concocted various yoga spin-offs even as fundamentalist communities object its teaching in schools, seeing it as a foreign religious influence, despite significant evidence of its health benefits.
;;0.0;;the new cadre, a brainchild of the modi government, is not part of the foreign service or civil service.
;;0.7003;;modi himself primed the india-sponsored yoga day in a social media post (on linked-in), writing, yogas endearing quality- of furthering oneness has gone a long way in creating a yuga (era) of happiness and brotherhood.
;;0.0;;the book will be released in ahmedabad by hamid ansari, vice-president of india, in the presence of gujarat chief minister modi on january 7, 2012.
;;0.5267;;modi retorted on sunday by tearing into congress for dragging his parents into the election campaign and alleged that its president rahul gandhi was encouraging this tactic.
;;-0.0516;;on sunday, modi trained his guns on congress, saying: a few days ago, a congress leader dragged my mother into politics.
;;-0.5267;;without taking rahuls name, modi blamed him for encouraging the use of crude language.
;;0.0762;;i never questioned the parentage of modi .
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister modi , a copy of which is with toi, singh lambasted his own government for not doing a single work for the welfare of dalits in its four years in power.
;;0.2023;;when modi became the pm and made a statement that the bjp government will work for the welfare of the poor, dalits and obcs, it created hope in the heart of us all.
;;0.2023;;when modi became the pm and made a statement that the bjp govt will work for the welfare of the poor, dalits and obcs, it created hope in our hearts.
;;-0.296;;this story is from january 9, 2019will perform only routine workthe truth of rafale will destroy mr modi.
;;0.34;;new delhi: in a setback to the modi government, the supreme court on tuesday struck down its decision to send cbi director alok kumar verma on leave after divesting him of all powers, reinstating the ips officer as the head of the probe agency.
;;0.4019;;the selection committee consists of prime minister modi , leader of congress which is the largest opposition party in lok sabha, mallikarjun kharge, and cji ranjan gogoi.
;;-0.1027;;the opposition celebrated the embarrassment to the government, with congress chief rahul gandhi tweeting: the truth of rafale will destroy modi modi.
;;0.1027;;the committee, comprising pm modi , leader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge  who had filed a petition challenging the order to send verma on leave  and the cji or his nominee, will meet within a week as directed by the sc.
;;0.0;;i have joined the bjp because of the progressive thinking of prime minister modi and chief minister trivendra singh rawat.
;;0.7506;;likely to be visited in the coming days by prime minister modi , who is personally monitoring reconstruction work at kedarpuri, several new attractions can be availed by devotees at kedarnath this season including a laser show on lord shiva and improved facilities, officials said.
;;-0.7269;;the congress leader also condemned prime minister modi for his indirect taunt against former finance minister p chidambaram during the recent public meeting in tirupur, where he indirectly referred to chidambaram as a recounting minister and termed him arrogant.
;;0.0;;washington: us president donald trump will have a trilateral meeting with prime minister modi and japanese prime minister shinzo abe on the sidelines of the g20 summit in buenos aires on november 30 and december 1, the white house said on tuesday.
;;0.3182;;bolton said the trump-abe bilateral meeting would expand into a trilateral meeting with prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;gorakhpur: on the lines of prime minister modi modi's sansad adarsh gram yojna, inspector general of lucknow zone, mohit agarwal , adopted a primary school in jeetpur under belipar police station on saturday.
;;0.4019;;bhopal: madhya pradesh governor anandiben patel sparked a controversy after urging people of rewa to support prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;while interacting with a group of villagers, who asked for jobs for local youths, the governor said: modi sahab ka dhyan rakhana.
;;0.7984;;however, just before leaving, the governor turned to the villagers and said: in future, you will get more opportunities like this, but for that, you must take care of prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;not a single bjp leader, including prime minister modi , thought of telling parrikar to step down and focus on his health, deshprabhu said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi himself said naidu used polavaram as an atm.
;;-0.836;;they demanded prime minister modi to take harsh steps to curb terrorists and later observed silence for two minutes.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: prime minister modi will visit the sardar sarovar dam (ssd) and offer prayers there on september 17, his birthday, gujarat chief minister vijay rupani said on saturday.
;;0.7003;;modi, who will celebrate his 69th birthday on september 17, has accepted the state government's invitation to attend the 'namami devi narmade mahotsav', rupani said.
;;0.5719;;we are happy that modi is coming to gujarat on his birthday, rupani said.
;;0.0;;this decision shows the pro-corporate stance of the bjp-led union government under prime minister modi , kunal said while interacting with mediapersons in patna two days before the janadhikar mahasammelan that the cpi (ml) has planned to hold at gandhi maidan on may 1.
;;0.4939;;speaking on the occasion, the dmho said, aayushman bharat was the brain child of prime minister modi and had successfully completed one year.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 8, 2019file photo of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: pm modi is likely to visit the city on february 28 to inaugurate the new campus of the ahmedabad civil hospital .
;;0.0;;the membership drive was kicked off by prime minister modi in varanasi earlier in the day.
;;-0.3182;;madurai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami is begging prime minister modi for an alliance on the latter's terms because he is desperate, alleged dmk president m k stalin at theni on saturday.
;;0.0;;it has written a letter to prime minister modi and invited him to wear the doctors apron for a day.
;;-0.3182;;kannauj/hardoi: prime minister modi on saturday went all guns blazing against bsp chief mayawati for her fake obc taunt against him and emphasised his extremely backward caste background during his campaign trail at hardoi, kannauj and sitapur as you are playing the game of forward and backward caste politics and issuing my caste certificate, let me tell you i belong to the most backward caste, which is so miniscule that you may not even trace a single house of my caste in a village, modi said, while addressing a rally in kannauj.
;;-0.5423;;to drive a wedge between yadavs and jatavs and also between yadavs and other backwards, modi recalled sps hostility towards ambedkar and dalits.
;;-0.5106;;modi tore into sp-bsp alliance at a rally in hardoi, saying mayawati is now seeking votes for those who insulted dalit ideologue b r ambedkar by calling him a bhu mafia (land shark).
;;-0.5423;;modi also attacked the bsp supremo for seeking votes for the sp leadership, who implicated dalits in criminal cases and grabbed their land.
;;-0.8402;;modi also took on the sp-bsp combine for standing by the views of pakistan after balakot air strikes after pulwama terror attack.
;;-0.5704;;speaking about their venture, manisha said most of the institutes have always been collecting fees mostly in cash but the government's demonetisation move last november, announced by prime minister modi , made the cash collection very difficult.
;;0.5267;;modi retorted on sunday by tearing into congress for dragging his parents into the election campaign and alleged that its president rahul gandhi was encouraging this tactic.
;;-0.0516;;on sunday, modi trained his guns on congress, saying: a few days ago, a congress leader dragged my mother into politics.
;;-0.5267;;without taking rahuls name, modi blamed him for encouraging the use of crude language.
;;0.0762;;i never questioned the parentage of modi .
;;-0.6977;;rahul also said the bjp would not win the 2019 lok sabha polls and even prime minister modi might lose from varanasi as he will not be able to face a 'united' opposition.
;;0.4019;;at the conclusion of its national executive meeting , the party said on friday that it wanted to check the dictatorship being established in the country by prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah .
;;0.128;;it was launched on the sidelines of the un climate change conference during the prime minister modi modis visit to paris in november, 2015.
;;0.4404;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citywe expected better days after the business-friendly chief minister vasundhara raje and development-oriented prime minister modi came to power.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi inaugurated india's first multi-modal terminal on the ganga river in his parliamentary constituency and received the country's first container cargo transported on inland waterways from kolkata.
;;0.0;;he said that if required the issue would be raised before prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4404;;he said the attacks have been brought before the attention of the central government and prime minister modi he visited the houses of rajyasabha mp v muralidharan, rss kannur vibhag sanghachalak c chandrashekahran and yuva morcha mandalam president reeth.
;;0.0;;as prime minister modi visited patanjali yogpeeth on 3rd may to inaugurate an ayurvedic research centre, patanjali ayurved ltd. (pal) is on course to make history.
;;0.0;;mamata is aware of the ground reality and is not in a mo od to stick out her neck on this issue as she had done while opposing prime minister modi modi's demonetisation drive.
;;0.4019;;speaking to reporters, congress legislature party leader siddaramaiah also reiterated his charge that the bjp was conspiring to topple the congress-jd(s) coalition government and that prime minister modi and home minister amit shah were also involved in it.
;;0.7717;;however, jd(s) minister g t devegowda, who had raised eyebrows with his statement absolving bjp leaders of their alleged involvement in toppling the government, wednesday said he stands by his tuesdays statement, giving a clean chit to modi and shah saying they were not involved in recent political developments in the state.
;;-0.1154;;it is true that initially bjp started it (attempts to destabilise), but after the modi government came in, it has stopped what i said, gowda told reporters in mysuru when asked about siddaramaiah's comments.
;;0.296;;i have said kumaraswamy will be stable as chief minister of karnataka and run the administration for four more years, modi will run the administration for five years at the centre .
;;0.3182;;read moremanama: prime minister modi has been conferred the king hamad order of the renaissance by bahrain 's king hamad bin isa bin salman al khalifa in recognition of his efforts to strengthen bilateral relations with the key gulf nation.
;;0.5719;;modi, the first indian prime minister to visit bahrain, received the honour on saturday night when he called on the king of bahrain.
;;0.3182;;the king bestowed bahrain order  first class on prime minister modi in recognition of his efforts to strengthen bilateral relations with the kingdom of bahrain, the official bahrain news agency reported.
;;0.7717;;on saturday, abu dhabi crown prince, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan honoured prime minister modi with the 'order of zayed', the uae's highest civilian award, in recognition of his pivotal role in building the strategic relationship between the two countries.
;;0.9073;;prime minister modi in his acceptance speech, said that he felt very honoured and fortunate to be awarded the king hamad order of the renaissance by bahrain.
;;0.0;;modi also invited the king of bahrain to visit india, it said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will inaugurate the gangajal project during his visit to agra on jan 9.
;;0.4215;;chouhan also received birthday greetings from prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.7783;;new delhi: about 25 opposition mps in rajya sabha wrote to prime minister modi on thursday and accused the ruling party of gross abuse of power and unleashing cbi raids on lawyer indira jaising and the offices of lawyers collective.
;;-0.4215;;the opposition mps wrote to pm modi asking him to halt such act of coercion and intimidation.
;;-0.296;;my meetings with prime minister modi , india's democratically elected leader, have been highlighted as 'proof' of this and portrayed as somehow being out of the ordinary or somehow suspect, even though president (barack) obama, secretary (hillary) clinton, president (donald) trump and many of my colleagues in congress have met with and worked with him, gabbard said.
;;0.3182;;fadnavis was, however, quick to add that the state government supported the 'one nation, one election' theory, propagated by prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is expected to launch the scheme on august 15.
;;0.6908;;qingdao (china): prime minister modi on sunday called for respect for sovereignty, economic growth, connectivity and unity among the members of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
;;0.7964;;in his address at the plenary session of the 18th sco summit here, modi coined an acronym 'secure' which he explained: 's' for security for citizens, 'e' for economic development, 'c' for connectivity in the region, 'u' for unity, 'r' for respect of sovereignty and integrity, 'e' for environment protection.
;;0.34;;noting that only 6 per cent of foreign tourists in india are from sco countries , prime minister modi said this can easily be doubled.
;;0.0;;besides modi , other leaders attending the summit include president xi, russian president vladimir putin, iranian president hassan rouhani and pakistan president mamnoon hussain.
;;0.8315;;imphal: manipur cm n biren singh on monday said he cannot tolerate humiliation of national heroes like rani of jhansi and prime minister modi the chief minister's remarks came in the context of journalist kishorechandra wangkhemchas arrest under the national security act (nsa) last month for allegedly making derogatory comments against him.
;;0.1027;;jaipur: students enrolled/enrolling in coaching institutesiits and medical have appealed to prime minister modi to exempt gst on coaching institutes in rajasthan.
;;0.0;;in his letter to the cm, he pointed out that at the january 10 cabinet meeting, it was announced that all clearances will be given in a week and prime minister modi will inaugurate the project.
;;0.128;;prime minister modi launched the membership drive from his lok sabha constituency varanasi last week.
;;-0.0772;;new delhi: prime minister modi pointed out the mainstreaming of figures involved in the 26/11 mumbai attacks in the recent elections in pakistan, a clear reference to lashkar chief hafiz saeed, during his interaction with us vice-president mike pence in singapore on wednesday.
;;-0.743;;pm modi also reminded the us vice-president that in one way or another all the traces and all the leads in global terror attacks ultimately lead to a single source and single place of origin, in an apparent reference to pakistan.
;;0.8957;;india also called for an early end to negotiations for an asian free trade agreement, the regional comprehensive economic partnership modi and pence continued their discussion on maintaining a free and open indo-pacific.
;;0.4939;;modi became the first head of government to address singapores famous fintech festival.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the botanical garden (noida) to kalkaji section of delhi metros magenta line will be inaugurated on monday by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.2023;;modi should pay back the share of delhi govt in metro.
;;-0.2411;;if japan pm shinzo abe was modi , he would have inaugurated metro without inviting even pm, he tweeted.
;;-0.0772;;it may be recalled that after a prolonged delay, the rs 150-crore super speciality block of grh began functioning from january 28, a day after prime minister modi inaugurated it during his visit to the city.
;;-0.2263;;new delhi: spread over 40 acres, the national war memorial will be dedicated to the nation by prime minister modi on monday.
;;0.6597;;the 18-kilometre walkathon will see at least 150 volunteers, he said, adding that there was a need to start a clean cauvery campaign, along the lines of the clean ganga initiative advocated by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4404;;ab to main unke bare mein baat hi nahi karna chahta (yogi is better than modi.
;;-0.4019;;rahul also attacked prime minister modi for failing to safeguard the interests of farmers and youth.
;;0.3612;;now that money has been taken away by people like nirav modi.
;;-0.1779;;it will be difficult for debt auctions to sail through without participation from the state banks when prime minister modi 's new borrowing program begins in april, according to sandeep bagla, associate director at trust capital services in mumbai.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is concerned over the issue and suitable measures will be taken, he said.
;;-0.7579;;patna: deputy chief minister modi on monday requested union minister of environment and forests dr harsh vardhan to ban production of plastic below 50 microns throughout the country.
;;0.0;;modi also suggested that land on roadsides should be declared forest land where extensive tree plantation could be carried out.
;;-0.4767;;varanasi: maulvi of a local mosque abid ali was arrested for posting an objectionable image of prime minister modi on his social media account.
;;-0.5106;;kasu was abducted from dharampenta in sukma district on saturday at the same time that prime minister modi was in jangla, bijapur, 150km away, inaugurating development projects.
;;-0.5106;;vijayawada: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on thursday said he differed with prime minister modi during the godhra riots when the latter was chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.4019;;i called then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee, he said, and added that despite his differences with modi he chose to go for an alliance with the bjp as the state needed support from the centre.
;;0.0;;he showed video clippings of prime minister modi's speeches during the 2014 election campaign in tirupati and amaravati.
;;0.4588;;bengaluru: prime minister modi will not compromise on indias data sovereignty, said telecom, law and it minister ravi shankar prasad at the economic times startup awards 2019 here on friday.
;;0.4391;;let me make it very clear: modi will never compromise on data sovereignty of india, said prasad.
;;0.0;;despite the five-month tenure, the poll will be a referendum on development work undertaken by my father and that of the populist schemes by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6369;;meanwhlile, the bengal cm, who has long been trying to find a foothold nationally as a credible opposition to prime minister modi , needs a national party like the congress by her side.
;;0.4019;;she had gone to the extent of requesting all opposition parties including cpm to come together against modi modis government.
;;0.0772;;instead, she volunteered to take up the challenge to stand against the mighty modi.
;;-0.296;;the accused officer has been nabbed 12 days before prime minister modi is set to officially launch international air service from the city airport.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is also expected to take part in the event.
;;0.0;;the hospital building was inaugurated on november 21, 2006, by modi who the chief minister of gujarat at the time.
;;-0.5994;;gandhinagar: on may 26, when prime minister modi modis government completed four years in power, the political circles of gujarat witnessed a war of words.
;;-0.2263;;while bjp started its fortnight-long celebration of the four years of the modi government, congress staged protests at all district headquarters and called the day vishwasghat din (betrayal day).
;;0.7579;;gujarat bjp chief said, we congratulate pm modi for honest and transparent government.
;;0.5423;;kurukshetra: during the swachh shakti 2019 convention of the women sarpanches from all over the country in kurukshetra, prime minister modi conferred swachh shakti 2019 award to two women sarpanches of the region.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will attend the unga session.
;;0.0;;5-2 lakh during chief minister modi modi's three-day fast for amity at the gu convention centre from.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister modi will inaugurate the first hindu temple in abu dhabi during his visit to west asia from february 9-12 when he will visit palestine as well.
;;0.0;;modi will arrive in abu dhabi on february 10 evening and will travel to dubai the next day.
;;0.4588;;modi will also be a star attraction at the sixth world government summit  a three-day annual event in dubai that will see india as the guest country  on february 11.
;;0.0;;modi will start his west asia from palestine.
;;0.4215;;this could also provide modi an opportunity to meet jordans leadership ahead of the visit of jordan king abdullah ii to india later in the month.
;;0.0;;modi used the dynast-worker analogy to ask where rahul got his expertise on the religion from.
;;-0.25;;jodhpur/jaipur:in a sarcastic jibe at the congress chief, modi described himself as a(worker) who never claimed full knowledge of hinduism unlike the(dynast).
;;0.6249;;of late, modi has been referring to rahul aseven the great saints never claimed to have got to the depth of hinduism.
;;-0.8271;;continuing his attack on rahul, modi termed him a generator of lies and congress a university of lies that imparted phd in falsehood.
;;0.0;;congress and lie were synonymous of each other, said modi , speaking at the citys ravan chabootra.
;;-0.1779;;bhubaneswar: a threat call to the biju patnaik international airport on thursday, two days before the arrival of prime minister modi , sent police and special operation group (spg) personnel into a tizzy.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , in a letter written in response to a congratulatory message from his pakistani counterpart imran khan after lok sabha polls, had called for early operationalisation of the kartarpur corridor.
;;0.4767;;this story is from october 21, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityvisakhapatnam: chief minister n. chandrababu appears to have upped the ante against the prime minister modi led nda government by requesting an immediate assistance of rs.1,200 crore for the relief and rehabilitation of the two districts ravaged by titli , political observers said on saturday.
;;0.1531;;ideally, naidu should have requested modi to send a team of central government officials to assess the damage caused by titli, as has been the norm after earlier natural disasters, following which the cm should have sought an immediate relief package.
;;0.5267;;bhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik has urged prime minister modi to set up a defence industry corridor and an aeronautical university in the state for growth of defence industry.
;;0.0;;the two have been invited to have lunch with prime minister modi on thursday.
;;0.0772;;new delhi/ahmedabad: congress on thursday accused the election commission of acting like a captive puppet of bjp for not acting against prime minister modi , who took out a roadshow on the day of polling in gujarat.
;;0.4404;;ravani said, after casting his vote, modi held a roadshow along with supporters who waved bjp flags and wore saffron stoles.
;;0.4019;;party workers, who squatted on the highway, shouted slogans against bjp leaders including prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.6808;;jamshedpur: it was a closure of sorts for manjeet kaur , who received a compensation of rs 5 lakh announced by prime minister modi for the kin of victims of the 1984 anti-sikh riots soon after he came to power in 2014.
;;0.5267;;can the state government at least now state whether prime minister modi has agreed to meet an all-party delegation from tamil nadu or has given a promise to constitute the board?
;;0.2732;;it will take the country towards the 'evergreen' revolution, as desired by prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;prime minister modi (file photo)kalyan: prime minister modi is likely to perform bhoomi pujan (ground breaking ceremony) of mumbai metropolitan region development authority's (mmrda) proposed 25km kalyan-taloja metro route during his visit on september 7 in mumbai.
;;0.2023;;he said: instead of playing politics, prime minister modi has taken this decision for the welfare and development of the people of this region.
;;0.3612;;naidu, who interacted with party leaders through teleconference, criticised prime minister modi , alleging he was capable of resorting to anarchism.
;;-0.8625;;raking up the godhra issue, the cm recalled that about 2,000 people were killed in the gujarat violence when modi was the chief minister.
;;0.0;;pandeys remarks came two days after prime minister modi unveiled an 182-mt-tall statue of sardar vallabhbhai patel in gujarat.
;;0.8807;;the congress leadership demanded that prime minister modi make a statement on the judgment and sought an apology from the bjp leadership and former comptroller and auditor general vinod rai congress leaders calculate that the court ruling would help the party overcome the corruption taint on its image and help it take on the bjp with added vigour in the next round of assembly polls after a good show in gujarat.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is chairing the meeting.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who addressed public meetings at nizamabad and mahbubnagar last week, will address a public meeting at lb stadium here on december 3.
;;-0.9186;;co/xbs4jrehh2  dr harsh vardhan (@drharshvardhan) 1561121465000(with inputs from agencies)new delhi: union health minister harsh vardhan on friday said that prime minister modi is constantly monitoring the situation in bihar's muzaffarpur where over 120 children have died due to encephalitis vardhan said that he visited the district on the prime minister's instructions and said the centre is committed to defeat the illness.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: prime minister modi , bjp national president amit shah , former deputy pm and gandhinagar mp l k advani and union finance minister arun jaitley are likely to vote in ahmedabad on december 14 for the assembly elections.
;;0.2023;;several leaders including prime minister modi , union home minister amit shah and other top bjp and congress leaders had continued to visit jaitley who was kept on life-support.
;;0.2263;;outside the glass cabin of the control room, prime minister modi was sitting and keeping an eye on the events, excitement and tension in the control room.
;;0.0;;modi then entered the control room and consoled the scientists.
;;-0.1531;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday announced that india would raise its target for restoring degraded land from 21 million hectares to 26 million hectares by 2030.
;;0.0;;since then he has been at the target of the bjp, especially prime minister modi modi.
;;0.296;;new zealand is committed to working with nsg members to reach a decision as soon as possible, a joint statement by prime minister modi and his kiwi counterpart john key said after the latter's visit to new delhi in october last year.
;;-0.5994;;the senior cpm leader said that efforts by bjp in 2004 to build an image around the then pm atal bihari vajpayee in the general elections ended in failure and the similar effort by the party with modi will also end in failure.
;;0.6597;;he said that modi became the pm with the support of 42 political parties in 2014.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi greeting union home minister amit shah after the jammu and kashmir reorganisation.
;;0.0772;;read morepresidents ruleparliament sessionrajya sabha number gamenew delhi: the rajya sabha on monday passed two bills and resolutions each moved by the modi government revoking article 370 and article 35a of the constitution and bifurcating jammu and kashmir .
;;0.4019;;it did so only now and these are the three factors which helped the bjp:the modi government largely benefitted from jammu and kashmir being placed under the presidents rule.
;;0.0;;had the bjp-pdp government continued, the modi government would not have been able to bring about legislations on jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.4404;;the modi government introduced two bills - jammu and kashmir reorganisation bill 2019 for the reorganisation of the state and jammu and kashmir reservation (second amendment) bill for providing up to 10 per cent quota for the economically weaker sections (ews) in educational institutions and public employment alongside existing reservations in the state.
;;0.4215;;with parliament in session, it became easier for the modi government to provide legitimacy to the two resolutions and bills each.
;;-0.3252;;the modi government would not have liked to take the ordinance route to take such a major decision.
;;0.0;;this is the reason why the triple talaq bill could not be passed during modi 1.
;;0.4019;;having surmounted the main stumbling block in the passage of crucial bills in the rajya sabha, the modi government succeeded in comfortably getting them passed.
;;-0.6705;;this story is from february 15, 2019the troika hit out at prime minister modi over various issues including farmers suicide, black money.
;;-0.926;;the troika hit out at prime minister modi over an array of issues including farmers suicide, slapping sedition charges, black money, unemployment and destruction of institutions like cbi and communalism.
;;0.8573;;but the pair of modi and amit shah have tarnished the states image which was that of peace, unity, non-violence and progress, he said.
;;-0.1027;;he challenged ministers and spokepersons of modi government for a public debate.
;;-0.5423;;modi has made an ordinary student his enemy.
;;-0.5719;;ahmedabad: the nanavati commission is likely to summon chief minister modi for questioning in connection with the post-godhra riots of 2002.
;;0.0;;while all others, including former ministers i k jadeja and gordhan zadaphia have been summoned, modi and his personal staff remain untouched.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, it was modi himself who enlarged the scope of the commission in 2004 by issuing a notification that the role and conduct of chief minister, ministers, officers and others can also be included in the terms of reference.
;;0.0;;this may be an opportunity for lawyer-activists like jsm's mukul sinha to question modi on why dead bodies were brought to ahmedabad from godhra and why the army was called in late.
;;0.5499;;but it had also given a clean chit to modi and his ministers.
;;0.7003;;the plan will help grow indias manufacturing base and will aid prime minister modi modis flagship make in india initiative, which aims to boost manufacturing to 25  of the economy by 2020.
;;0.5267;;new delhi: in a kind gesture, prime minister modi gifted a gold-coloured garland to a student after he requested the former for the same on the social media.
;;-0.3612;;navsari: congress too organized a parallel hunger strike to chief minister modi modi's sadbhavana fast from thursday morning to evening near navsari railway station.
;;-0.7579;;flaying modi for his statement that he kept gujarat curfew-free in the last one decade, chaudhary said, there are no riots because rioters are now in power and creating fear among the people.
;;0.2263;;instead of this hypocrisy called sadbhavana, it would have been better if modi had apologized for the post-godhra riots.
;;0.1779;;bringing 99  of products and services in the 18  +new delhi: the stage is set for a reduction in goods and services tax on 25-30 items  including air conditioners, dishwashers and digital cameras  over the weekend after prime minister modi on tuesday strongly hinted at only luxury goods being in the top slab of 28 , whileor lower brackets.
;;-0.4767;;since last summer, the government has been pushing for a clean-up of the audit profession with prime minister modi highlighting the poor disciplinary record of cas on july 1.
;;0.0;;in fact, gujarat government filled the dam to facilitate prime minister modi modi's birthday celebrations in village kavadia, claimed bachchan on tuesday.
;;0.6486;;pm modi should immediately sanction relief to the dam oustees of madhya pradesh so that they could be provide immediate relief, demanded sharma.
;;0.2023;;the bjp however, hit out at the congress government for playing politics on the birthday of pm modi.
;;0.2732;;as per the reports, thei, almostbhopal: on his 69th birthday, when prime minister modi exhilarated to witness river narmada water touching a historic 138 meters in sardar sarovar dam , two cabinet ministers of congress-led kamal nath government unhappily alleged that the dam was fully filled before schedule to make pm modi's birthday memorable.
;;0.6249;;cuttack: a special protection group on wednesday reviewed security arrangements at the bali yatra grounds where prime minister modi is scheduled to address a gathering on may 26 to mark completion of four years of his government,the commissionerate police said at least 100 platoons of force will be deployed on the occasion.
;;-0.0516;;modi will leave for delhi from bhubaneswar after addressing the public meeting at baliyatra, he said.
;;0.6369;;the appointments committee of the cabinet (acc), led by prime minister modi , has appointed jitendra asati, a 2009-batch ies officer, as officer on special duty (osd) to minister for petroleum and natural gas and steel pradhan for a period up to october 20, 2021, the order said.
;;0.6249;;i am thankful to prime minister modi and defence minister nirmala sitharaman for clearing it finally.
;;-0.6597;;he added that after pulwama attack shocked the country, prime minister modi , bjp chief amit shah and up chief minister yogi adityanath was busy holding public meetings.
;;0.0;;recently, prime minister modi had flagged off a new train from the balangir side.
;;0.0;;co/7l0cqjphb2  modi (@narendramodi) 1520072160000the victory of @bjp4tripura is not an ordinary electoral victory.
;;0.0;;co/wwboyiv2nn  modi (@narendramodi) 1520072239000tweeted bjp president amit shah +congratulations to shri @rammadhavbjp ji, shri @sunil_deodhar ji, shri @himantabiswa ji, shri @bjpbiplab ji and i a https://t.
;;0.7003;;* this is a revolutionary result all due to the blessings of tripura sundari mata and the people of the state and the hard work of pm modi and party workers, said bjp's ram madhav.
;;0.4019;;i appreciate the bjp karyakartas for their continued efforts in the state to serve the people, tweeted pm modi.
;;0.4588;;i applaud the tireless work of the local bjp unit, tweeted pm modi.
;;0.3818;;when the members of bharat earth movers employees' association and beml officials' forum submitted a memorandum urging siddaramaiah to intervene to prevent the psu from being privatized, the latter assured them that he will write a letter to prime minister modi and also discuss the issue in the coming legislature session.
;;0.4588;;madurai: prime minister modi on sunday sought to defend the 10  reservation for the economically weaker sections in tamil nadu, where it met with stiff opposition from all quarters, promising that the quota will not affect those who enjoy reservation at present.
;;-0.8625;;whatever group they form out of fear and negativity, modi will stand firmly with the poor.
;;0.0;;when modi landed in madurai at 11,30am, a group of protestors led by mdmk leader vaiko, a dmk ally, released black balloons elsewhere in the city.
;;-0.3818;;meendum vendum, modi vendum (we want modi again), she said, lashing out at the dmk for its criticism against the pm.
;;0.0;;significantly, prime minister modi is expected to visit shillong on december 16 to formally launch bjp's poll campaign.
;;0.4019;;bengaluru: the bjp's victory march in karnataka with leads in 114 assembly constituencies is because of prime minister modi modi's extensive election campaign, party mp from the state shobha karandlaje said on tuesday.
;;0.4019;;the victory belongs to the extensive campaign by modi , party president amit shah and our chief ministerial candidate b.s. yeddyurappa, karandlaje said here.
;;0.3818;;new delhi: prime minister modi instructed his council of ministers on wednesday to make only those claims which can be established and also not to appoint their near and dear ones in advisory roles in ministries.
;;0.3818;;modi, who is known for maintaining a disciplined routine, on several occasions had asked his cabinet colleagues to lead by example in terms of discipline, punctuality and commitment to work.
;;0.0;;vijayawada: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on friday took on the bjp-led nda government and prime minister modi in his address to the gathering after breaking his 12-hour fast.
;;0.5106;;before he spoke, prime minister modi said he appreciates abdullahs work towards deradicalisation.
;;0.7992;;the patel revolt may have failed in stopping bjps return to power in gujarat but its success in slowing down the saffron party led by prime minister modi may resonate with quota warriors elsewhere even as the limits of caste mobilisation seem apparent.
;;0.5106;;during his visit, singh will also call on the japanese prime minister shinzo abe india and japan have developed strong ties over the last five years and there is also a personal bonding between prime minister modi and his japanese counterpart.
;;0.0;;karnataka bjp leader jagadish shettar: anihubli: senior bjp leader jagadish shettar on sunday said chief minister b s yediyurappa will discuss the formation of his cabinet with prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah during his upcoming visit to delhi.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: prime minister modi , his ministers and first time lok sabha members -- amit shah , ravi shankar prasad and smriti irani-- have been given front row seats along with upa chairperson sonia gandhi in the lower house, while congress leader rahul gandhi retains his old seat in the second row.
;;0.0;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest cityjaipur : ahead of prime minister modi modis visit to ajmer on october 6, the district administration constructed three helipads on a pasture land meant for the resting place for camels in pushkar normally, a single temporary helipad is made during visit of the president and the pm.
;;0.7003;;prime minister modi modis call to reform, perform and transform could be inspirational to scale new heights in efficiency and transformational leadership.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, the day when chief minister edappadi k palaniswami took a flight to new delhi to meet prime minister modi , the highways department, headed by him, issued the certificate to the nhai.
;;-0.743;;his aggressive campaign against prime minister modi made him bjps enemy no.
;;0.0;;mysuru: that all trains between bengaluru and mysuru would run on electric locomotives would be an assumption that many would be under after prime minister modi flagged off the hamsafar express  the first electric train between the two cities  in february.
;;0.4404;;he thanked prime minister modi and said, the step is in line with the bjp government's 'sabka saath, sabka vikash, sabka vishwas' mantra.
;;0.0;;new delhi: over 2,700 gifts received by prime minister modi will go under the hammer from september 14, culture minister prahlad patel said.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi has said the coming lok sabha election will be one between janata (people) and the opposition alliance (mahagathbandan).
;;0.0;;their single-point agenda is modi.
;;-0.6369;;take any 10 pages of a newspaper, 10 leaders of (this) alliance in different voices abuse modi , he told ani in an interview.
;;-0.6486;;modi also addressed bjps failures in the recent polls to five state assemblies, remarking that while chhattisgarh was a loss, mp and rajasthan had hung houses.
;;-0.4404;;modi sought to beat back opposition attacks that the country was slipping and the government had under-performed.
;;-0.4939;;kathmandu: a bomb exploded today at the office of a hydroelectricity project being developed with indian assistance in eastern nepal, an official said, weeks before its inauguration by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the blast comes at a time when preparations are going on for laying foundation stone of the project by modi during his official visit to nepal on may 11.
;;0.4939;;a project development agreement (pda) for arun iii was signed with india's state-owned satluj jal vidyut nigam (sjvn) on november 25, 2014 in the presence of the then prime minister sushil koirala and visiting indian prime minister modi.
;;-0.1531;;external affairs minister s jaishankar, who is here for talks with the chinese leadership to prepare for the second informal summit between prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping later this year in india, mentioned the trade deficit issue during talks as well as during a bilateral event.
;;0.4767;;his statement comes a day after prime minister modi extended invitation for alliance with former friends (dmk and aiadmk).
;;0.7311;;new delhi: india and france are not looking at the number of agreements but to build a strong strategic partnership during prime minister modi 's visit to the european country.
;;0.0;;the issue of jaitapur nuclear reactors may also come up during prime minister modi's visit.
;;0.0772;;interestingly modi is visiting france ahead of the financial action task force (fatf) meet in paris fatf, also known by its french name -- groupe d'action financiere -- is an intergovernmental organisation founded in 1989 on the initiative of the g-7 to develop policies to combat money laundering.
;;0.0772;;when asked whether india-pakistan tension post abrogation of article 370 will come up in during prime minister modi's visit to france, informed sources told ani that french position is clear that it is a bilateral issue.
;;0.4019;;a special dinner will also be hosted for prime minister modi at the chateau de chantilly, a 19th-century site located in oise , 60 km from paris.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will embark on a two-day state visit to france from august 22 during which he will hold talks with french president emmanuel macron and also attend the g-7 summit.
;;0.0;;on december 16, prime minister modi inaugurated the new bamrauli airport complex at prayagraj  the erstwhile allahabad.
;;-0.4767;;mumbai: juhu police on wednesday arrested a 25-year-old tour and travel firm employee for derogatory tweets against prime minister modi and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.128;;a bjp party worker lodged the complaint against patil and subramanian on may 14 after he noticed the alleged comments against modi on social media.
;;0.0;;during the event, he said he would be meeting prime minister modi and other ministers on june 5 in delhi where he would discuss concerns regarding plastic pollution.
;;0.0;;on september 3, we had written to prime minister modi and chief minister manohar lal khattar in blood.
;;0.836;;besides him, two-time former mp from kannur in kerala a p abdullakutty, who had been in cpi(m) and congress and was ousted from both parties for praising prime minister modi , and tdp spokesperson lanka dinakar also joined the saffron party.
;;0.3612;;abdullakutty was expelled from cpi(m) in 2009 for praising the then gujarat chief minister modi modi.
;;0.296;;hyderabad: after helping the bjp-led nda government on crucial bills in the parliament, especially in rajya sabha, chief minister k chandrasekhar rao is likely to meet prime minister modi soon.
;;0.4019;;senior trs leaders said the cm will submit a slew of demands, seeking national project status for kaleshwaram and financial support to telangana highly-placed sources in the government said the cm has plans to go to delhi after august 20 after getting a confirmation of appointment with modi.
;;0.0;;this will be the first meeting of kcr with modi after the latter assumed charge as prime minister for the second time.
;;0.0;;kcr had last met modi in december third week after he took over as cm for the second time.
;;0.296;;sources said the cm had planned to meet modi in first week of august, but could not make it due to the parliament session, which passed important bills on jammu and kashmir and triple talaq.
;;0.0;;during his last visit, kcr had made a representation to modi with 16 demands but none of them was considered by the centre.
;;0.802;;interestingly, andhra pradesh chief minister ys jaganmohan reddy met modi last week, a day after parliament approved abrogation of special status to kashmir under article 370.
;;-0.4215;;while kcr was unhappy with bjp for pushing hundreds of turmeric farmers enter the election fray in nizamabad lok sabha seat against his daughter kavitha, the bjp leadership saw red when trs reportedly sent some farmers to file nominations against modi in varanasi lok sabha constituency.
;;0.0772;;kcr tried to meet and invite modi during kaleshwaram inauguration in june, but could not meet him due to pms busy schedule.
;;0.128;;kcr had another chance to meet modi during niti aayog meeting in june, but skipped the meeting and instead sent his son, trs working president kt rama rao.
;;0.0;;on october 11, 2015, prime minister modi had laid the foundation stone for the memorial.
;;-0.1027;;top sachivalaya sources said, uid project chief nandan nilekani, who met chief minister modi on monday, gave his nod for such a centre, in which details ranging from property ownership, bank accounts and income tax payments to whether below poverty line and if entitled to state welfare schemes will be entered.
;;0.2732;;to be set up within the premises of directorate of economics and statistics, gandhinagar, sources said, modi and nilekani also agreed to hold a workshop to work out details of what the data centre should have.
;;0.0;;the first one is a cabinet council, headed by modi , and another state implementation committee, headed by state chief secretary ak joti.
;;0.0;;he also said india was moving towards becoming a 5-trillion economy as envisioned by prime minister modi .
;;0.1027;;finance minister nirmala sitharaman reached parliament with a 4-fold red cloth in her hands instead of a suitcase to present the maiden budget of modi government 2.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi led by example by participating in the membership drive in his constituency varanasi on saturday.
;;0.0;;recently, gujarat chief minister vijay rupani had said over 10,000 tourists were visiting the memorial every day since the 182-metre statue, the world's tallest such structure, was unveiled by prime minister modi in october last year.
;;0.0;;his ministry will seek time from prime minister modi to lay the foundation stone for delhi-mumbai expressway project.
;;0.0;;amarinder to modi +who told you that @narendramodi ji?
;;0.0;;amarinder singh (@capt_amarinder) 1520089385000new delhi: punjab's congress chief minister amarinder singh took to twitter to scold prime minister modi for frivolous statements and for attempting to drive a wedge between him and his party.
;;-0.3875;;the punjab cm didn't take kindly to that either and cautioned modi against making frivolous statements.
;;0.9105;;anyways, let me make it clear that such frivolous statements won't help you create a wedge between me and my party, which has full faith in my leadership & vice versa, saidthe congress party's punjab unit also took a dig at modi yesterday, saying that by calling amarinder an independent soldier, the pm was acknowledging that the free and democratic culture prevailing in the congress unlike in the bjp this is quite contrary to the autocratic and dictatorial culture prevailing in the bhartiya janata party (bjp) under modi , where saner and seasoned voices like those of l k advani, murli manohar joshi, yashwant sinha and shatrughan sinha have either been silenced or banished to the marg darshak mandal, said punjab congress president sunil jakhar yesterday.
;;0.1531;;pm modi , pak president mamnoon hussain shake hands at sco summit amid frosty bilateral relationship, prime minister modi and pakistani president mamnoon hussain on sunday exchanged pleasantries after a press conference by the leaders of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
;;-0.0772;;this story is from november 22, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityaizawl: prime minister modi will give the public rally here a miss and only address a public meeting at lunglei, headquarters of one of the three districts where the brus hail from, on friday.
;;0.0;;pm modi will not hold a public meeting in aizawl.
;;-0.128;;congress has resolved to stop any public rally by pm modi here at the assam rifles ground, spokesperson of the mizoram pradesh congress committee lallian chhunga told toi.
;;0.0;;on december 16 last year, modi had addressed a public rally at the assam rifles ground here during his first visit to mizoram since he took charge as prime minister.
;;0.0;;new delhi:: french president emmanuel macron will embark on a four-day visit to india from march 9 to 12 at the invitation of prime minister modi , according to the ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and the french president will co-chair the founding conference of the international solar alliance (isa), which will take place on march 11.
;;0.0;;the isa, an alliance of more than 121 countries, was initiated by prime minister modi in january 2016.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had last visited france in june last year.
;;0.5178;;responding to a question on the prime minister modi not visiting the affected areas, he said the compliant holds good.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , while launching pradhan mantri sahaj bijli har ghar yojana or saubhagya scheme on september 25 last year, had set the target for completing the electrification process across the country by december this year.
;;-0.8074;;thiruvananthapuram: the mysterious hindutva agenda in the mind of prime minister modi has been exposed by his continuous assault on kerala , alleged cpm state secretary modi modi and sangh parivar want to destroy secular kerala which is ruled by the ldf.
;;-0.0772;;by telling lies like this, modi has stooped to the level of an rss pracharak, he added.
;;0.0;;the same modi had earlier compared kerala to somalia.
;;-0.8625;;according to modi , rss had been the nerve centre of political violence in state and 235 cpm workers were killed in kerala.
;;-0.6249;;kodiyeri asked modi to respond on the widespread political violence and booth capturing in tripura and other north indian states where bjp is the dominant force.
;;-0.7269;;prime minister modi has met bjp president amit shah , finance minister arun jaitley and agriculture minister radha mohan singh to discuss farm distress, triggering talk that the government may soon unveil a mega plan to tackle the problem.
;;0.0;;s r modi (l) and r sandhya (r)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.8074;;chennai: the city police who made several attempts to trace the missing head of r sandhya, who was murdered by her husband s r modi on january 19 suspecting her fidelity, have paused the search as they couldnt make a headway.
;;-0.1027;;police sources said they have collected a cctv camera footage which showed modi carrying a huge gunny bag in which he had dumped the body parts for disposal.
;;0.1531;;randeep singh surjewala (@rssurjewala) 1546351536000pm modi did not spare our people of his penchant for false promises, hollow claims and propaganda even on the new y https://t.
;;-0.5719;;new delhi: congress on tuesday dismissed prime minister modi modis interview on new years day on grounds that he did not address his governments failure to deliver on the promises it made in 2014, and that the bjps wipe out in the hindi heartland states had now forced modi to offer explanations.
;;-0.5859;;adding that the pm had lied about there being no allegations of personal corruption against him, he said, in fact, the rafale deal is only about allegations of personal corruption against modi.
;;0.1531;;pm modi did not spare our people of his penchant for false promises, hollow claims and propaganda even on the new year day.
;;-0.296;;congress also accused modi of politicising the indian armed forces.
;;0.0;;let me remind you that pm modi did not acknowledge the historic contribution of smt indira gandhi in the liberation of bangladesh and the surrender of pakistani army.
;;0.0;;police said that modi had left in the afternoon after finishing his work in the morning shift while patel had come to office during afternoon shift.
;;0.0;;fc goas new owners, which includes casino entrepreneur modi , took over the franchise only in 2016.
;;0.34;;ktr, who in june 2018 met prime minister modi , had raised the issue of itir and requested him to revive the project.
;;-0.4881;;now that the government has passed the citizenship bill in the lok sabha , crushing all aspirations and democratic voices of the people, we wont allow prime minister modi to enter assam.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi on thursday arrived in south korea for his two-day visit, during which the two countries will seek to enhance cooperation in diverse areas, including trade and investment.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister s jaishankar will meet his russian counterpart sergey lavrov on tuesday here to further advance bilateral cooperation and prepare grounds for prime minister modi 's upcoming visit to vladivostok in the wake of eastern economic forum (eef).
;;-0.3182;;many opposition leaders have been critical of the prime minister modi modi's move to demonetise high-value currency notes two years ago.
;;-0.3182;;among other opposition leaders, aam aadmi party (aap) convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal also questioned the rationale behind the modi government's note ban move and termed it as a self-inflicted deep wound on the indian economy.
;;-0.0516;;the modi government on november 8, 2016, demonetised high value currency notes of old 500 and 1000 rupee notes, constituting 86 per cent of the currency in circulation.
;;-0.4939;;immediately after chief minister edappadi k palaniswami presented a memorandum to prime minister modi detailing the damage wreaked by gaja, the centre constituted an inter-ministerial team on november 20.
;;0.5106;;this story is from november 6, 2018raipur: confident of winning his fourth term as chief minister of chhattishgarh, raman singh has said the state polls might have some impact on the lok sabha election next year but it should not be seen as a referendum on the modi government at the centre.
;;0.6597;;many political pundits have also called the upcoming assembly polls in five states  chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh, rajasthan, telangana and mizoram  as semi-finals before the 2019 lok sabha election, when prime minister modi will make his bid for a second term with his party bjp eyeing to project him as a nationwide mascot of the party.
;;0.0;;however, the state polls should not be seen as a referendum on the modi government, the three-term chief minister said.
;;0.5719;;modi got a thumping majority in 2014 lok sabha polls, while chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan were among the states where the bjp won big.
;;0.0;;he says he has written to prime minister modi and chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.7783;;pm modi and amit shah (file photo)new delhi: refuting opposition claims over misuse of the nia law, home minister amit shah on monday asserted that the modi government will never misuse it on the basis of religion but ensure that terrorism is finished off irrespective of the religion of the accused.
;;-0.296;;the modi government has no such intention.
;;-0.4939;;touching upon prime minister modi modi's recent meeting with chinese president xi jinping in wuhan , the capital of central china's hubei province, he said that world history has shown the dangers of rising powers remaining self-absorbed.
;;0.4215;;singapore: india and singapore will explore areas of further cooperation and take stock of progress of their strategic partnership during prime minister modi 's june visit here.
;;-0.3089;;bolpur: the desikottam, visva-bharatis highest accolade, will not be awarded by its chancellor, prime minister modi during its friday convocation.
;;-0.7783;;kalyan: prime minister modi took a swipe at the congress on tuesday, saying while it had given people the adarsh scam in the name of homes for the poor, his government was providing real houses under the pradhan mantri aawas yojna.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: the bjp leaders on monday said the outcome of the assembly polls in gujarat and himachal pradesh is a vote for development and trust in prime minister modi echoing his party's mood, pm modi flashed a victory sign after he arrived in parliament here.
;;0.5106;;this is a vote for development and trust for modi , added union minister jitendra singh.
;;0.0;;this is the magic of our prime minister modi , he said.
;;0.7003;;asked if the results were an approval of the modi government's policies, the former party president said, of course.
;;0.2732;;last year, during prime minister modi 's visit to the us, trump had agreed to sell unarmed drones to india so as to enhance india's surveillance capabilities in the indian ocean.
;;0.0;;nagpur: the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) has decided to fully back prime minister modi modis re-election in the coming general elections.
;;0.0;;a less intensive ghar-ghar modi drive started earlier this month was essentially focussed on the ram temple issue.
;;0.4939;;the sangh parivar activists would now try to convince every family they call on the need to have modi back as pm to provide a stable government.
;;0.0;;a booklet on the points to talk highlighting achievements of the modi government in the last five years and comparisons with 55 years of the congress government has also been distributed to the parivar activists.
;;0.6124;;if needed, they will be meeting them repeatedly till they convince them how the country would benefit from modi getting re-elected, sangh sources said.
;;0.5859;;modi as well as bjps victory in 2014 was attributed to the active campaigning done by sangh workers.
;;-0.1779;;rahul gandhi demanded immediate reinstatement of verma as the cbi chief and an apology from prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4215;;he also criticized prime minister modi for sharing the stage with tainted political figures like bs yeddyurappa and janardhana reddy, on his visit to the state.
;;0.9042;;the saffron party has steered clear of cultural collisions such as beef in local diet  bjp neta bernard marak quit the party last june protesting party seniors' opposition to a beef-bitchi (local brew) party he wanted to host to celebrate three years of the modi government.
;;0.0;;pm modi and amit shah and kj alphons, its christian face, have held several rallies.
;;0.7783;;co/zorduhtrys  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1516624984000davos: prime minister modi told top ceos that india means business and presents an exciting opportunity for global businesses.
;;0.3818;;addressing a roundtable before a dinner meet on the sidelines of the world economic forum ( wef ) gathering yesterday, modi narrated india's growth story.
;;0.8481;;after the meeting, mea (ministry of external affairs) spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted about modi narrating india's growth story and presenting exciting opportunities for global business in india at davos the spokesperson also tweeted that the prime minister hosted a roundtable meeting with ceos of top global companies.
;;0.0;;modi, who arrived in davos on monday evening, will deliver opening keynote address on tuesday morning at the world economic forum annual meeting.
;;0.0;;modi also met swiss president alain berset here yesterday and discussed ways to deepen bilateral ties.
;;0.3182;;thanking modi , the swiss president said he would continue to strengthen relations with india.
;;0.0;;modi, who arrived in davos on monday evening, will deliver the opening keynote address today at the world economic forum annual meeting.
;;0.0;;modi is the first indian prime minister to attend davos summit in 20 years.
;;-0.4588;;this story is from november 5, 2018file photo of swami paramhans das (second from right) with other sadhus (photo pti)download the times of india news app for latest cityayodhya: swami paramhans das , mahant of tapaswi chawni temple in ayodhya, on sunday threatened self-immolation on december 6 if prime minister modi and up chief minister yogi adityanath did not announce the date for the construction of ram temple by december 5.
;;-0.7003;;the mahant had sat on a fast unto death on october 6, demanding a law be passed by the modi government for the construction of ram temple in ayodhya.
;;0.34;;i am giving a months time to the modi government to announce the date.
;;0.0;;chandigarh: the vice-chancellor of panjab university , professor raj kumar, along with his delegation, on thursday attended 106th indian science congress, which was inaugurated by prime minister modi at jalandhar at the event, kumar invited three nobel laureates  german-american biochemist thomas sudoph; hungarian-born israeli biochemist avram hershko; and physicist frederick duncan michael haldane  to the university.
;;0.4767;;singapore: prime minister modi on thursday felicitated the winners of the first india- singapore hackathon, a platform for the youth of the two countries to harness and showcase their innovations.
;;0.6705;;pm modi met and felicitated the winning teams of india singapore hackathon, agreed to during the visit of pm to singapore in june 2018, ministry of external affairs spokesman raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi also met the national cadet corps (ncc) cadets thursday who were in singapore as a part of a cadet exchange programme.
;;0.0;;pm modi is in singapore for the two-day visit to the country.
;;0.743;;gorakhpur: using a novel idea to attract voters, the bjp has brought in lookalikes of prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah to campaign in gorakhpur ranvir dahia, who looks and enacts like pm modi , is accompanied by rajendra agarwal , who impersonates shah.
;;0.0;;my appearance is somewhat similar to pm modi's, and in 2012, i went to gujarat for my first bjp campaigning, said dahia.
;;0.4173;;they look very much like pm modi and amit shah.
;;-0.6124;;but, we must defeat the bjp, and so, the congress must yield the seat to jd(s), said vishwanath, who expressed his displeasure at prime minister modi calling the cm a clerk.
;;0.0;;modi is afraid of kumaraswamy, he added.
;;0.0;;pm must talk with dignityreacting to prime minister modi modis jibe about the karnataka cm being a clerk, hd kumaraswamy on sunday said that such statements do not become the office of the pm.
;;0.2732;;the construction of the flats in maloya had begun in june 2014 at a cost of rs 250 crore and prime minister modi was to hand over the flat keys to the allottees in may last year, but he could not as the project was incomplete.
;;0.5719;;guwahati: bolstering bjps quest for a repeat of its 2014 success story in assam, prime minister modi kicked off his assam campaign for 2019 in two upper assam constituencies on saturday.
;;0.5106;;instead, modi spoke of the assam accord and scheduled tribe (st) status for six communities of assam, five of which will play a decisive role in the first phase of the lok sabha election.
;;-0.3182;;in his second address at gohpur, in the tezpur constituency, modi went back to the illegal migrant refrain, but with caution.
;;-0.2263;;modi also skipped talking about nrc, which, anti-citizenship protesters say, would stand nullified if the proposed amendment to the citizenship act were passed.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 2, 2019file photo of pm modi during his visit to barunei in khurda district on dec 24download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;bhubaneswar: the bjp is gearing up for prime minister modi modis january 5 rally in baripada, the district headquarters town of mayurbhanj.
;;0.4767;;chhau dancers will also be welcoming modi when he reaches here after addressing a public meeting at palamu in jharkhand that day.
;;-0.1531;;palaniswami's statement comes close on the heels of rebel leader o panneerselvam meeting prime minister modi in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is the bjp candidate from varanasi parliamentary seat where voting will be held on may 19.
;;-0.6908;;prime minister modi and the cbi are conspiring to kill our leader.
;;0.4767;;chennai : tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami will meet prime minister modi on thursday morning in new delhi to seek central assistance for cyclone relief work.
;;0.2732;;blackman, the north london mp who has been a long-time supporter of prime minister modi , had issued his letter as part of a tit-for-tat letter spat triggered in the uk in the days after the revocation of article 370.
;;-0.1531;;lucknow: echoing congress line against prime minister modi , rebel dalit mp , savitribai phule, said on sunday,  yeh chowkidar nahi, ghotalebaajon ka saajhidar hai (he is not the custodian, he is a partner of scamsters).
;;-0.3182;;the bahujan community has vowed to dislodge modi and appoint a pm from sc community, she said and slammed the government for the delay in womens reservation bill.
;;-0.6486;;the rebel mp attacked pm modi repeatedly accusing him of being a partner in loot by absconding businessmen vijay mallya and nirav modi.
;;-0.5106;;modi has failed as chowkidar of nation and should be dislodged, she added.
;;0.6808;;shah directed party workers to go door to door with the party's development plank and publicise the good work done by prime minister modi , former pm atal bihari vajpayee and bjp state president b s yeddyurappa.
;;0.3182;;will you strengthen the arms of pm modi?
;;0.0258;;he is scheduled to meet prime minister modi to discuss matters related to floods in the country.
;;-0.0258;;earlier in the week, prime minister modi had articulated his government's intent to reduce the number of goods in the top bracket, saying that 99  of the items will be in the 18  or lower slab.
;;0.128;;the reliance chairman made four commitments to up in the presence of prime minister modi and cm yogi.
;;0.0;;new delhi: pm modi has also included france in his itinerary for his tour to europe starting may 29.
;;0.7351;;the government said in an announcement on wednesday that modi will hold official talks with french president emmanuel macron on june 3 and discuss issues of mutual interest with a view to further strengthening india-france strategic ties.
;;0.2023;;before reaching paris, modi will visit germany, spain and russia.
;;0.5859;;on may 29, german chancellor angela merkel will host modi at her official meseberg country retreat where the two leaders would discuss issues of mutual interest.
;;0.0;;modi and merkel would hold the 4th india-germany intergovernmental consultations [igc] on may 30.
;;0.0;;modi will be in russia on june 1-2 for holding the 18th india-russia annual summit in st petersburg with russian president vladimir putin .
;;0.0;;following the summit, modi will participate, also for the first time, in the st petersburg international economic forum on june 2 as 'guest of honour'.
;;0.34;;raipur: prime minister modi was welcomed by chhattisgarh chief minister bhupesh baghel and state bjp leaders at the raipur airport after he made a brief stopover en route to odisha.
;;0.34;;baghel, former chief minister raman singh , senior bjp leaders and officials welcomed modi at the airport, he said.
;;-0.0516;;on the way back, pm modi will arrive at the raipur airport in the afternoon and after about a 5-minute break, he will leave for thiruvananthapuram in kerala, the official said.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi is likely to visit bhutan next month to further deepen the already close relationship between the two countries, sources said on thursday.
;;0.2023;;bhutan was the first country modi had visited after assuming charge of the top office in 2014.
;;0.3802;;a billboard seen in houston, usa, announcing the upcoming 'howdy modi' event on 22 sep (pti)houston: over 60 prominent us lawmakers, including first american hindu congresswoman tulsi gabbard and indian-american congressman raja krishnamoorthi, will attend the  howdy modi !
;;0.4588;;mega diaspora event in houston to welcome prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8442;;this will be the grandest and momentous of all events in the us until now as there is huge amount of keenness among indian-americans, main stream americans, the lawmakers and business heads to listen to the vision of prime minister modi , agrawal said.
;;0.3182;;akhilesh went on to hold prime minister modi and cm yogi adityanath responsible for the lawlessness in up.
;;0.0;;congress saw the moves from the modi government as an opening in the mercantile state.
;;-0.5267;;the bjp, of course, pitched demonetisation as an anti-corruption tool and a class action, with prime minister modi often asking his audience whether the scrapping of notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 denomination last year had hurt them.
;;-0.1027;;rahul termed it gabbar singh tax, drawing a quick response from prime minister modi , who described the then congress vice-presidents comment as a grand stupid thought.
;;-0.4588;;bjp functionaries staged a protest against vaiko by burning his effigy on sunday, for his protest against prime minister modi in madurai.
;;0.7269;;also, approval and acceptance of prime minister modi in haryana is highest in the country.
;;-0.8271;;most recently, the veteran actor had criticised prime minister modi for accusing the congress of colluding with pakistan to defeat the bjp in gujarat.
;;0.3818;;, he had tweeted, the sir a clear reference to modi.
;;0.0516;;vijayawada: even as prime minister modi greeted the people of andhra pradesh on saturday without stating the reason, the anniversary of andhra pradesh bifurcation was observed as a day of protests here.
;;0.4019;;inaugurated by prime minister modi through video conferencing on october 26, its last day had governor ram naik as chief guest and assembly speaker hriday narain dixit as special guest.
;;0.7778;;joshi has since disappeared into oblivion, once considered to be among the most powerful rss-bjp leaders sharing a bonding with the likes of gujarat chief minister modi and leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj.
;;0.8779;;allahabad: fans and supporters of prime minister modi have once again devised a novel way of attracting the attention of voters in view of phulpur byelection by circulating modi chalisa on social media, including popular messaging apps.
;;0.128;;jai modi gyan gun sagar, jai modi tihu lok ujagar, rastra doot aatulit baldhama, damodar putra modi nama (the fame of prime minister modi is spread everywhere and he has himself proved to be the real son of the country.
;;0.0;;foundation stone of this project would be laid on thursday by prime minister modi from delhi and chief minister jai ram thakur from shimla.
;;0.0;;shiromani akali dal mla from delhi and general secretary of delhi sikh gurudwara management committee (dsgmc)  manjinder singh sirsa  had taken up the issue with prime minister modi to include a chapter on char sahibzade in the ncert syllabus.
;;0.0772;;all the four seers also hail the work of prime minister modi .
;;0.1027;;(this story originally appeared in on sep 16, 2019)new delhi: china has reached out to india to smoothen ruffled feathers over the kashmir issue, including the status of the line of actual control (lac) in ladakh, ahead of the informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping in mid-october.
;;0.0;;modi followed by the pakistani pm will address the un general assembly on the same day  september 27.
;;-0.8176;;asserting that the provision of 10 per cent quota to economically weaker sections (ews) in the general category will in no way impact the existing reservation benefits for dalits , tribals and others, modi urged the youth to reject forces of negativity.
;;-0.0772;;the prime minister said modi will firmly stand with the poor, drawing thunderous applause from the crowd.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi is acting like a dictator.
;;0.6705;;speaking in parliament in february, prime minister modi had said he was pursuing mahatma gandhi's dream of a 'congress-mukt bharat' and accused the grand old party of eulogising the gandhi family when in power, at the cost of the country's development.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: stay fit, play games but do not forget the traditional sports, prime minister modi said on sunday, highlighting the role of physical and mental fitness for all-round development.
;;0.2732;;through crowd sourcing, we can create a very large archive of our traditional games, modi suggested.
;;0.5574;;modi also had a word of praise for cuttack 's d prakash rao , a tea seller, who spends 50 per cent of his earnings to run a school.
;;-0.3182;;he, however, advocated a wait and watch approach amid demands from many of his bjp colleagues for a law to construct a ram temple at the disputed site in ayodhya , and said the modi government has not spoken on the matter yet.
;;0.807;;he also claimed that there was growing support for prime minister modi among muslim voters, saying in the four and half years of his government, their mindset and approach had changed a lot and they had become very positive.
;;-0.7906;;every indian thinks modi is the need of the nation, naqvi said, adding that there has not been a single big riot or any terror activity under the bjp-led nda government.
;;0.296;;naqvi, who comes from uttar pradesh, also said the proposed grand alliance of opposition parties to unseat the modi government will fail as two plus two does not make four in general elections.
;;0.0;;its only common minimum programme is 'modi hatao, humein kursi pe lao' (remove modi , bring us to power), he said.
;;-0.6808;;addressing a 'vijay sankalp sammelan', the bjp chief spoke about various issues, including the resolve of the modi government to fight militancy, saying the bjp government has zero-tolerance on terrorism .
;;0.0;;he also talked about discrimination of ladakh and jammu divisions by the previous regimes and said chowkidar, in an apparent reference to prime minister modi , ensured that funds meant for these regions are spent for development.
;;-0.4767;;pm modi , uk pm boris johnsonnew delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday spoke to uk pm boris johnson over phone and raised the issue of violence against indians participating in independence day celebrations outside indian mission in london according to a statement issued by the prime minister's office, modi drew johnson's attention to the challenges posed by vested interests pursuing their motivated agenda, including by violent means.
;;-0.7906;;in his conversation, pm modi also pointed out that terrorism had plagued all parts of the world, including india and europe and stressed the importance of effective steps to ward off the threats posed by radicalisation, violence and intolerance, particularly in the context of the expanding footprint of terrorist organisations such as isis the prime minister congratulated mr johnson on his election to the high office and expressed his readiness to work with him for strengthening the strategic partnership between india and the united kingdom.
;;0.4019;;prime minister johnson also warmly congratulated pm modi on the latters emphatic electoral victory for the second term in his office.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 4, 2019prahlad modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.5106;;vadodara: prime minister modi modis brother modi on sunday threatened to fight against the government in lok sabha polls this year if the demands of fair price shops dealers association (fpsda) are not met.
;;-0.3412;;prahlad said it is not easy to take anything from modi.
;;0.4019;;if someone has got anything from modi , it is due to organizations power, prahlad, who is an active bjp member, said.
;;-0.296;;bhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on monday urged prime minister modi to stop work of polavaram project , saying it would submerge many tribal villages and displace several primitive tribes people.
;;0.6808;;co/wmxef6nfwd  cm of karnataka (@cmofkarnataka) 1565946346000new delhi/bengaluru: prime minister modi on friday assured karnataka chief minister of central aid to speed up relief works in its flood-hit districts, an official said.
;;0.34;;modi assured state chief minister bs yediyurappa of soon releasing central funds for relief works in the state at the earliest and rushing a central team to assess the damage caused by heavy rains and floods across the state, an official of the chief minister's office told ians in bengaluru.
;;0.0;;yediyurappa met modi at the official residence of the prime minister in the national capital along with a delegation, comprising union ministers from the state, the ruling bjp leaders, including mlas and mps.
;;-0.4939;;during the 40-minute meeting, the chief minister briefed modi on the extensive damage caused by the heavy monsoon rains and floods in the coastal, central, south and northwest regions of the state for over a fortnight, said the official.
;;0.0;;'we have explained to modi about the massive flood caused due to excess water released from southwest maharashtra reservoirs, which were overflowing due to heavy rains in their catchment areas over a fortnight, yediyurappa told reporters in new delhi.
;;0.0;;questioning the claims made by prime minister modi and other leaders of the bjp about anna bhagya scheme  one of the previous congress governments flagship initiatives  having been funded by the central government, siddaramaiah asked, the scheme was implemented when i was karnataka cm.
;;0.25;;jaipur: more than 200 women from the jhunjhunu district who underwent sterilization after the birth of daughters will get a chance to meet prime minister modi on thursday.
;;-0.0516;;ayodhya: the government should bring an ordinance to construct ram temple, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray said on sunday in ayodhya , asserting that prime minister modi has the courage to do so and there would be no one to stop it.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi has courage.
;;0.6597;;varanasi: when prime minister modi promised to serve the ailing 'maa ganga' while launching his election campaign here in 2014, a lot of hope was generated.
;;0.4019;;they are clearly not favourable to prime minister modi , he said.
;;0.4939;;speaking to reporters after offering prayers at kashi vishwanath temple, kishan praised prime minister modi for the expansion of the temple area through the kashi vishwanath dham project.
;;0.0;;in his independence day address on thursday, modi voiced concern over population explosion.
;;0.0;;mumbai: a day after prime minister modi made a pitch for smaller families to combat population explosion, bjp ally shiv sena on friday welcomed his remarks saying that late bal thackeray always advocated it.
;;-0.296;;in his independence day address on thursday, modi voiced concern over population explosion, stating that it leads to many difficulties.
;;0.7506;;talking to reporters here, sena mp and party spokesman sanjay raut said, we are happy that the modi government is taking forward the policies of the shiv sena.
;;0.0;;the nda government under modi is espousing the policies of the shiv sena.
;;0.6597;;the modi government has removed it, he said referring to the abrogation of article 370, which accorded special status to jammu and kashmir meanwhile, dhanraj mahale, former shiv sena mla, who had contested the dindori lok sabha seat on ncp ticket earlier this year, returned to the saffron party on friday in the presence of thackeray and other leaders.
;;0.0;;when nothing worked, modi on friday made a full speech only on modi modi.
;;0.128;;as far as i know this is modi modis hometown and a stronghold.
;;0.0;;modi is from here, but our children have to go elsewhere for work and business.
;;-0.4588;;amritsar: two days after constituting a sub-committee to review the controversial movie nanak shah fakir , the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee (sgpc) on saturday approached prime minister modi seeking his intervention to stop its release.
;;0.4019;;colva: curtorim mla aleixo reginaldo lourenco took a dig at prime minister modi for promising to restart mining in goa through a video conference last sunday.
;;-0.0129;;modi claims goa has a special place in his heart but goenkars are aware that he fools them with hollow promises, he said.
;;0.0;;lourenco said 2019 will be different for pm modi.
;;-0.8957;;begusarai: atmosphere was charged and emotions ran high as the crowd gathered here on sunday expected something from prime minister modi to soothe their anger over the terrorist attack in which 40 crpf personnel were martyred at pulwama in jammu & kashmir thursday last.
;;0.2263;;the people at the ullao maidan kept shouting bharat mata ki jai, vande matram and pakistan murdabad throughout the public event where pm modi inaugurated and laid the foundation for projects worth rs33,000 crore in the state.
;;0.0;;besides yechury, cpm state secretary k modi participated.
;;0.4576;;on actor rajinikanth saying prime minister modi was more powerful than 10 people joining hands to fight against him, yechury said i used to like the films in which rajinikanth acted and whenever time permitted i used to watch his films.
;;0.0;;paris: prime minister modi on friday said india will achieve most of the cop 21 climate change goals set for 2030 in the next one and half years.
;;0.0;;beside this, jamaat e islami hind lauded the recent visit by prime minister modi to palestine.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi will flag off india's first engineless train vande bharat express on february 15 from the new delhi railway station , a senior official of the ministry told pti.
;;0.7579;;if yoga is practised regularly for 30 minutes, your health expenses will reduce substantially, he said, while addressing a gathering at tau devi lal stadium on the occasion of international yoga day he said it was prime minister modi who had proposed the idea to celebrate international yoga day on june 21, during his speech at the united national general assembly, after which the entire world has adopted it.
;;0.6808;;topleaders, including prime minister modi and union ministers amit shah , rajnath singh and nitin gadkari , had launched the drive from varanasi, telangana, jaipur and nagpur respectively on july 6, the birth anniversary of party ideologue syama prasad mookerjee.
;;0.4767;;modi is our prime minister and shah is president of bjp and to give respect, i have to bow in front of them as this is our culture.
;;0.926;;the idea behind the dream home is to create awareness among people to use the best of available resources in building best quality homes and also in line with the dream of prime minister modi that every citizen must have a roof over their head, he said.
;;0.8519;;referring to the comments made by chief minister k palaniswami at the niti aayog meeting chaired by prime minister modi last week, panneerselvam said he endorsed his (palaniswami's) views and expressed hope that the budget would spell out appropriate strategies, supported with substantial increase in allocation of resources.
;;-0.1531;;kanyakumari: prime minister modi who will visit the district on tuesday will not be visiting cyclone ockhi affected fishermen or farmers at their place owing to technical reasons and will instead meet them at kanyakumari.
;;-0.1531;;the minister said that affected fishermen and farmers have been invited to meet modi at an alternate location in kanyakumari.
;;0.765;;dehradun: the cave at the kedarnath shrine where prime minister modi meditated last month has seen an unprecedented boost in popularity, with large number of devotees logging into the gmvn website daily to book the facility online.
;;0.6597;;when modi came to visit the shrine, a photograph of the pm wrapped in a saffron shawl, sitting inside the cave with his eyes shut in a pose of meditation had gone viral on social media, giving the newly added tourist attraction the much needed promotional push, the dm said.
;;0.7184;;better facilities created for pilgrims at kedarnath coupled with the prime minister's increased visits (modi visited the shrine four times during his first tenure as pm) have even contributed to a dramatic rise in footfall at the himalayan temple, which received a record 7,62,000 pilgrims in 50 days so far this year, ghildiyal said.
;;-0.3182;;new delhi: on the second anniversary of demonetisation aam aadmi party (aap) convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on thursday questioned the rationale behind the modi government's note ban move and termed it as a self inflicted deep wound on the indian economy.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi on november 8, 2016, announced a ban on then in use rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination bank notes with immediate effect.
;;-0.8126;;the effects of demonetisation including its role in culling black money and stemming terrorism and naxalism as well as its impact on the economy are still being discussed with the opposition slamming the modi government, terming its decision as ill-advised and disastrous for the country.
;;0.7717;;allahabad: wife of former mp atiq ahmed, shaista parveen, on sunday alleged that parties like samajwadi party bahujan samaj party and congress had given prime minister modi a walkover by fielding weak candidates in varanasi, the latters parliamentary constituency.
;;0.9136;;if parties like sp, bsp and congress honestly wanted to challenge pm modi , then why are they fielding candidates with slim chances of winning?
;;0.8807;;my husband believes that he enjoys the support of muslim voters in varanasi and if all parties support him he would surely be able to give a tough fight to pm modi , she added.
;;0.8316;;we are seeking support from anti-bjp parties to help us put up a strong fight against pm modi.
;;0.0;;being the pm, modi should not have made such remarks against doctors of his own country at an international forum.
;;-0.5719;;his profile photo is of prime minister modi and his entire social media presence is filled with hate against kejriwal.
;;0.5267;;the contract was signed in the presence of prime minister modi and uzbekistan president shavkat mirziyoyev, who are here for the vibrant gujarat summit that began friday.
;;0.7003;;meanwhile, the exim bank entered into an agreement with uzbekistan to offer a $200-million credit line to finance housing and social infrastructure projects in the former soviet republic, it said, adding this was announced by modi during the official visit of mirziyoyev last october.
;;0.128;;patna: on a day when bihar cm nitish kumar was meeting prime minister modi in delhi, a member of his alliance partner rjd sat on an indefinite hunger strike against the grand alliance government in patna on saturday.
;;0.0;;raut, the executive editor of the sena mouthpiece 'saamana', also wrote in his sunday column in the newspaper that prime minister modi 's stature has declined while that of congress president rahul gandhi has risen.
;;0.6808;;the country is heading for a fractured mandate and prime minister modi is responsible for it, he said, adding that the full mandate modi won in 2014 was an opportunity wasted.
;;0.3612;;rahul gandhi's leadership is not as towering as modi's but he has gained importance as people are disappointed with the current government, the sena mp said.
;;0.4404;;the anubhava mantapa and its concept of democratic exchange of views shot into limelight after prime minister modi mentioned it in his motion of thanks to the presidents address, in lok sabha on february 7.
;;0.0;;this thursday, prime minister modi inaugurated a new regional air connectivity scheme which aims to put smaller cities on the aviation map.
;;0.8402;;joining the party in the presence of sports and youth affairs minister kiren rijiju , party's general secretary in charge of haryana anil jain and its state chief subhash barala, phogats heaped praise on prime minister modi , lauding him for abrogating jammu and kashmir's special status under article 370.
;;0.0;;salute to prime minister modi and home minister amit shah.
;;-0.6249;;mahavir phogat, a dronacharya awardee who was chief of the jannayak janata party's sports wing, said only modi was capable of taking big decisions like avenging the pulwama terror attack, which had killed over 40 crpf personnel in february this year, or repealing article 370.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi also formed a national committee to monitor the celebrations across the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , state bjp chief madan lal saini and former chief minister vasundhara raje at an .
;;0.1027;;tonk: listing out flagship programmes of his government, prime minister modi in his address at tonk on saturday said that it is now believed that modi hai toh mumkin hai.
;;0.0;;this has made people to believe that possible if it is modi,'' he said.
;;0.3182;;modi lashed out at the recently formed congress government in the state over the promise of farm loans to be waived off within 10 days of coming to power.
;;0.5423;;however, modi needs the blessings of all.
;;0.3818;;she has recently written to prime minister modi seeking his intervention to protect the heritage structures on the church premises.
;;0.5106;;he also expressed confidence that big work will be done on issues such as article 370 and triple talaq under the leadership of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;modi is the first prime minister who performs yoga among people, he said, adding that all central ministers, chief ministers, mps and mlas of the bjp perform yoga.
;;0.7184;;i have confidence that under the leadership of modi and amit shah, big work will be done on article 370, 35a (which give special status of jammu and kashmir), one nation-one-law, one-nation-one-election and triple talaq.
;;0.0;;, kda chairperson s g siddaramaiah said in a letter to the ssc chairman; a copy was marked to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4019;;jaipur: twenty-two-year-old anju raman, third-year ba student at maharani college , has written to prime minister modi seeking help as her family has been evicted from the house.
;;-0.4767;;panaji: the fake news circular that came in for much criticism from the media fraternity and was withdrawn less than 24 hours later by prime minister modi at least had one hard truth, according to minister of state for information and broadcasting rajyavardhan rathore the media has created a myth that the prime minister is the whole and sole in-charge.
;;-0.9022;;but it took the arrival of prime minister modi to wage a war against the disease that kills two indians every three minutes, he said.
;;0.0;;vadodara: union law minister ravi shankar prasad slammed senior congress leader mani shankar aiyer for his remarks on prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0772;;aiyer, who was suspended by the party, had described modi as neech (low life)prasad said that a series of derogatory comments like chaiwala, maut ka saudagar and neech reflected the feudal mindset of the congress.
;;-0.1531;;theres no doubt the government under modi has given an exemplary performance on every front and his popularity has risen.
;;0.0;;we are glad at least pm modi has forced them to turn into believersa.
;;0.4767;;prime minister modi visiting kumbh and cleaning feet of five safai karmis to give them respect is also a watchmans job.
;;0.0;;it was the guidance of modi that people can now visit the sacred akshayvat after 450 years.
;;0.4767;;an official said the ministry is also contemplating to include these two regions under its 'smart city mission', a flagship programme of the modi government.
;;0.34;;under the mission launched by prime minister modi in june 2015, the ministry has selected 100 cities, where 5,151 projects worth rs 2,05,018 crore are proposed to be executed in five years.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi , who had abandoned vadodara lok sabha seat for varanasi after winning both in 2014 polls, also tweeted about the guinness record.
;;0.4767;;prime minister modi said india stands by the people of the island nation and that ships are being rushed with relief material.
;;-0.25;;udupi: prime minister modi on tuesday struck a chord with the electorate, reminiscing about bjps connect with this temple town from its forerunner  the jan sangh.
;;0.4019;;modi recalled how people of the city had voted for candidates of the saffron party more than 40 years ago, when it was hardly known anywhere and was in its infancy.
;;-0.1531;;addressing an election rally at mgm college ground, modi while extolling the partys connect with this coastal town, however, failed to mention a name he was closely associated with in the formative days of the party  late v s acharya .
;;0.34;;in fact, pictures of a young modi with acharya in udupi , whom modi held in high esteem, are widely shared on social media.
;;0.0;;modi also paid tribute to doyens of banking, including t m a pai, khan bahadur haji abdullah haji kasim saheb bahadur and a b shetty, from this part of the state.
;;0.0;;though he did not take any names, he alluded to prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah, having a humble beginning in politics.
;;0.6808;;in his address, jharkhand chief minister raghubar das said, kashmir is ours and will remain ours forever, and thanked prime minister modi for diluting article 370 that gave special provisions to jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;development of the country and the state is happening in the double-engine governments, das said, adding modi has become a global leader and bjps ideology is spreading in the world.
;;0.0;;it is now waiting for prime minister modi to unveil it later this month.
;;0.1027;;the president promulgated the ordinance within hours of it being cleared by the union cabinet headed by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.7506;;the ordinance seeks to confiscate properties of economic offenders like diamond merchant nirav modi , who have left the country to avoid facing criminal prosecution.
;;0.0;;the idea of holding national youth parliament was mooted by prime minister modi last year to ascertain the viewpoint of youths in the age group of 18 to 25 years on various socio-political issues.
;;0.128;;however, on thursday, varanasi created a flutter with demand from workers that priyanka stake claim to the temple town that is represented by prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: western railway (wr) announced that the station at vadnagar, prime minister modi modis home town, will be connected by a broad-gauge track by december 2018.
;;-0.4019;;kanpur: sounding caution to both the central and the up governments ramjanmabhoomi nyas president nritya gopal das said here on friday that if the two together failed to build the temple now, prime minister modi and cm yogi adityanath would lose trust of the people.
;;0.0;;the government should build the ram temple in ayodhya, as at present modi is heading the centre and yogi the state government, he said, adding that whatever hurdles are coming in the way of ram temple should be overcome so that it was constructed within the ambit of the constitution.
;;0.8519;;national leaders, cutting across parties, from prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee as well as several regional party leaders joined in to convey their wishes to karunanidhi, considered to be the tallest regional party leader in the country at present.
;;0.802;;may he be blessed with a long and healthy life, tweeted modi in his birthday wishes to karunanidhi.
;;0.1027;;defence minister rajnath singh flagged off the yatra from kalka on august 18 and prime minister modi will address the rally when it culminates in rohtak on september 8.
;;0.4019;;the visit of jaishankar, the first indian minister to tour china after the modi government began its second term, is taking place shortly after india's decision to revoke the special status of jammu and kashmir and divide the state into two union territories - jammu and kashmir, and ladakh.
;;0.0;;jaishankar's visit is mainly to finalise arrangements for president xi's visit to india later this year for the second informal summit with prime minister modi in his opening remarks, jaishankar said as you know india-china relationship has a very unique place in global politics.
;;0.0;;we have seen the impact of that on the bilateral relations since, he said, referring to the summit meeting between prime minister modi and president xi.
;;0.0;;modi and xi set the bilateral relations back on track with their first-ever informal summit last year at wuhan after a 73-day standoff at doklam between the two militaries in 2017.
;;0.3612;;new delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal on wednesday appealed to prime minister modi to grant full statehood status to delhi.
;;0.34;;we will approach prime minister modi , if needed, said np singh.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the lokpal selection committee comprising prime minister modi on thursday decided to go ahead with the appointment of an eminent jurist on the panel in order to facilitate the process of selection of chairperson and eight members of the anti-corruption ombudsman.
;;-0.2263;;the nude protesters shouted slogans against prime minister modi , chief minister sarbananda sonowal and finance minister himanta biswa sarma.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister modi arrived here on tuesday to attend the concluding ceremony of the champaran satyagraha's of centenary celebrations in motihari.
;;0.1027;;accordding to police officials, modi reached patna in an indian air force aircraft and will go to motihari by a helicopter.
;;0.6705;;chennai: the 2,476-crore modernisation programme of chennai airport got a fillip on wednesday with the cabinet committee on economic affairs , chaired by prime minister modi , giving its approval for a 3,36,000sqm integrated terminal.
;;-0.2263;;meanwhile, a signature campaign by students and teachers of iim ahmedabad and bangalore and iit gandhinagar petitioning prime minister modi to have charges against him quashed gained momentum after the arrest.
;;0.4939;;the move comes days after prime minister modi called for a national effort to save water and augment indias water resources.
;;0.5423;;rajinikanthchennai: actor rajinikanth on wednesday said the developments relating to kashmir, which concerns the security of the nation, has been handled strategically well by prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah .
;;0.0;;the entire kashmir issue has been handled with rajathandhiram (strategic diplomacy) by modi and shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis government had implemented many schemes in tamil nadu.
;;-0.7096;;meanwhile, the activists of the students' federation of india (sfi) took out a mock funeral procession of prime minister modi , chief minister sarbananda sonowal and seven bjp mps from assam, accusing them of backing the citizenship bill and going against the will of the people.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: nepal, with a long history of contentious relations with india, will host prime minister modi for the third time in four years, when modi lands in janakpur on friday to offer prayers at the janaki temple.
;;0.1779;;modi is taking a religious route to nepal this time, stopping at two important places of worship  janakpur and muktinath but, there will be two separate narratives that will govern his trip.
;;0.0;;while modi and oli will jointly inaugurate the 900 mw arun iii hydroelectric project, india is concentrating on building the raxaul-kathmandu rail link that was announced during olis visit.
;;0.4215;;in his conversations with oli and his government, modi will emphasise that nepal should also complete its commitments with regard to land acquisition, forest clearances etc, much of which was responsible for delays in earlier projects.
;;0.0;;modi will arrive in janakpur in the morning of 11th may.
;;0.2732;;after meetings with oli and his cabinet, modi will meet the president and vice president of nepal as well as previous prime ministers.
;;0.1152;;on a parallel track, modi may find it a little more difficult to charm everyone as he had done in his previous visit.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday conveyed to uae foreign minister sheikh abdullah bin zayed his resolve to step up cooperation with the gulf country in key sectors such as trade and energy.
;;0.7906;;prime minister modi reiterated his strong commitment to work with the uae leadership to take the relationship to higher levels in all spheres of cooperation, including in trade and economy, energy, tourism and people-to-people contacts, the statement said.
;;0.9201;;modi also requested the foreign minister to convey his best wishes for health, happiness, and all-round success to the uae president and the crown prince, it said.
;;0.25;;modi had visited the uae in august 2015 during which the two countries decided to elevate their relation to a comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi claimed in davos that he was elected by 600 crore people when the population of india is 130 crore.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister modi , defence minister rajnath singh, union home minister amit shah , andhra pradesh chief minister jagan mohan reddy among others condoled the demise of people in the tragic incident.
;;0.4215;;on january 2, the cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister modi approved the proposal of ut employees' housing scheme pending since 2008.
;;0.0;;in february this year, chief minister edappadi k palanisami went a step ahead and urged prime minister modi to set up the aiims at sengipatti considering several aspects.
;;0.0;;claiming that bjp, under prime minister modi modis leadership, is making strides, the former rss pracharak-turned-politician said the masses will rally behind him (pm) in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
;;0.0387;;people are gradually realizing that the mahaghatbandhan is nothing but a platform for corrupt politicians bent on preventing modi from getting another term to save themselves from getting punished and eventually ending up in jail, khattar said.
;;0.4404;;m k stalinchennai: two days after the centre released the first quarter data on indian economy, dmk president m k stalin wanted prime minister modi to consult economic experts immediately and do whatever is needed to make the economy grow once again at a good rate.
;;-0.4019;;today former prime minister manmohan singh accused the government of concentrating on other things than economic growth and blamed modi for the current situation, said stalin.
;;0.3724;;but neither modi nor finance minister nirmala sitharaman has taken any steps despite their warning, said stalin.
;;0.0;;last week, prime minister modi had inaugurated the 330 mw kishanganga hydroelectric project in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7579;;chandigarh: taking up the issue of agrarian crises with prime minister modi , former punjab chief minister parkash singh badal has urged him to take immediate steps for ensuring guaranteed marketing of crops, along with a broad-based minimum support price (msp) regime and direct income support in the form of production subsidy.
;;0.1027;;the petitioner has said he had made representations to various authorities including prime minister modi , who had forwarded it to the ministry of defence and the indian air force.
;;-0.2732;;jaishankar also discussed arrangements for president jinping's visit to india later this year for second informal summit with prime minister modi during his meeting with wang yi, jaishankar said india's decisions on jammu and kashmir are country's internal matter and have no implication for either the external boundaries of india or the line of actual control (lac) with china.
;;0.5719;;ralegan siddhi: social crusader anna hazare on sunday said that while the country-wide lokpal movement in 2011 played a huge role in prime minister modi coming to power at the centre, the modi government does not appear inclined to implement the jan lokpal and lokayukta enactments despite nearing the completion of its five-year term.
;;0.0;;hazare said, the modi government is nearing completion of its full tenure, but it has not shown any inclination towards appointing a lokpal.
;;0.0534;;such moves clearly show that the modi government is more worried about businessmen than farmers.
;;0.743;;jabalpur: swachh efforts of jabalpur civic body and residents came for special mention and praise by prime minister modi in his 'mann ki baat' address on sunday.
;;0.7351;;during the last mann ki baat speech of this year, prime minister modi said, im saying it with pride that it was collective efforts that made the swachch bharat mission a successful campaign.
;;0.7783;;meanwhile, former cm shivraj singh chouhan in a tweet expressed gratitude towards the pm modi for praising the efforts of jabalpur residents for their efforts towards sanitation drive.
;;0.0;;they said he would impersonate as gujarat director general of police and show morphed pictures of him with prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah and senior bjp leaders to lure people to invest in bogus schemes.
;;-0.25;;according to information accessed from the registrar of companies (roc), in the year after prime minister modi announced demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off, the fifth most in the country after delhi and maharashtra, andhra pradesh-telangana and tamil nadu.
;;-0.2263;;co/qt7xt4nlb4  ani (@ani) 1514345901000bengaluru: farmer groups of north karnataka have called for a bandh on wednesday, demanding the intervention of prime minister modi to implement the long-pending drinking water project by building a canal across two tributaries of the mahadayi  kalasa and banduri.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is running the country on directives of rss, he added.
;;0.4404;;agriculture minister prabhulal saini said that prime minister modi has made efforts to improve the image of india abroad.
;;0.1027;;bjp sources told toi that chandrasekhars name was reportedly cleared by prime minister modi and the partys national president, amit shah.
;;-0.296;;the gag order was relaxed by the court earlier this year with a limited restriction that prime minister modi not be mentioned in the report.
;;0.0;;pm modi flagged off the train from new delhi station on friday morning.
;;0.0;;she has had a breakfast meeting with sports minister kiren rijiju and is set to meet prime minister modi later in the day.
;;0.0;;modi will also lay the foundation stone for the central university of himachal pradesh during his visit here.
;;0.0;;parrikar had met prime minister modi and later attended the ministerial panel meeting in delhi.
;;0.6597;;shimla: after the rally of prime minister modi at shimla, and the recent visit of bjp national president amit shah to palampur in kangra district, now union home minister rajnath singh is going to visit hamirpur to attend the tridev sammelan of the party, where he would give tips to party workers about the coming assembly election.
;;0.4019;;in a note circulated among the heads of political parties at a meeting called by prime minister modi to discuss the one nation, one election issue, cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said holding simultaneous polls would tamper with the constitutional scheme of accountability of the government to the legislature.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: prime minister modi will chair a meet with top industrialists and policy makers on monday to brainstorm on measures required to realise his vision of india breaking into the top 50 in the world banks ease of doing business index, sources said.
;;-0.4767;;in 2014, prime minister modi had defeated aap's arvind kejriwal by a margin of 3.
;;0.0;;the congratulatory call from pompeo comes nearly three weeks after jaishankar was appointed by prime minister modi as his external affairs minister.
;;0.765;;prime minister modi during his recent visit to the maldives underscored india's firm commitment to make the strategic indo-pacific an area for shared economic growth, saying it has been our lifeline, and also the highway for trade and prosperity.
;;0.0;;in july, modi wrote to sibal that the ministry's statistics of school education (ses) for 2008-09 had shown 25.
;;0.0;;modi wanted the discrepancy to be examined.
;;0.0;;co/cv5qq9fct8  gopal baglay (@meaindia) 1496037126000new delhi: prime minister modi embarked on a four nation tour to germany, spain, russia and france on monday.
;;0.3182;;in germany, modi will take part in the 4th indo-german inter-governmental consultations and meet german chancellor angela merkel to strengthen bilateral relations.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is also scheduled to speak ahead of imran khan on the same day.
;;0.0;;akbaruddin also laid out the focus and priorities of prime minister modi when he arrives for the 74th un general assembly session.
;;-0.5106;;the protesting farmers urged prime minister modi to initiate legal action against those responsible for firing at the protesters.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi , chief ministers of more than a dozen states, top business leaders, and eminent persons representing various fields are expected to participate in the event.
;;0.0;;the has already written to prime minister modi , seeking a special package of rs 1,000 crore to address losses resulting from the floods in punjab.
;;0.7579;;lashing out at former cm and leader of the congress legislature party siddaramaiah for his remarks on people of the state having voted for prime minister modi despite the welfare schemes that his government had launched, ashoka said, siddaramaiah is asking people why they voted for modi though he gave them rice free of cost.
;;-0.5423;;dubbing bjp a sinking boat, siddatamaiah said, in poll-bound gujarat, prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shahs home state, bjp will suffer a setback.
;;0.7184;;panaji: prime minister modi will interact with beneficiaries of central government health care schemes from goa on june 7.
;;0.4215;;modi will talk to beneficiaries of the pradhan mantri bhartiya jan aushadhi pariyojana kendra and those who have received coronary stents and knee implants at subsidised rates.
;;0.0;;79 lakh tourists who visited the statue of unity since its inauguration on october 31 by prime minister modi .
;;-0.2023;;new delhi: congress leader jairam ramesh on wednesday took a swipe at the modi government over the proposed ban on use of single use plastic, saying it will only grab headlines and mask this regime's true environmental record.
;;-0.7189;;he also tagged a media report claiming that a complete ban on plastic by the modi government was not a good idea as the economy was facing a slowdown.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had suggested the control on use of plastics while addressing the cop (conference of parties) here.
;;0.0;;lucknow: prime minister modi is likely to inaugurate the up investors summit to be held in lucknow on february 21-22.
;;0.128;;mumbai: prime minister modi digitally launched entrepreneurship cells and skill hubs at 66 colleges across the country, including 12 from the city, on sunday.
;;0.128;;modi also digitally launched 70 model degree colleges from srinagar.
;;0.0;;at 23, he became the face of the reservation stir in prime minister modi modis home state.
;;0.0;;the countdown to modi end game has begun.
;;0.0;;washington dc: us president donald trump plans to hold discussions on kashmir and human rights with prime minister modi this weekend at the g7 summit in biarritz.
;;0.1779;;president trump will likely want to hear from prime minister modi on how he plans to reduce regional tensions and uphold respect for human rights in kashmir, the official said.
;;-0.4404;;following trump's initial offer to mediate on kashmir, last month, new delhi then had also categorically denied his request, saying that prime minister modi had never requested the us president to meditate on the issue.
;;-0.7481;;new delhi: prime minister modi today lamented that many people mocked bhimrao ambedkar and made efforts to ensure that the son of a backward family does not progress but noted that today's 'new india' is altogether different as it belongs to the poor and the backward.
;;0.0;;today our monetary policy, start up india, stand up india initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs, modi pointed out.
;;0.4588;;he will be sworn in as the 10th chief minister of the state and the fourth bjp cm in the north-east region on march 9 at a grand function in agartala in the presence of prime minister modi the bjp legislators also elected partys tribal leader and a scion of the royal family, jishnu dev varma, as the deputy chief minister.
;;0.0;;bhubaneswar: prime minister modi laid the foundation of six new model degree colleges in the state through video-conferencing from jammu & kashmir on sunday.
;;-0.5267;;the demand was also raised to shift the burden on prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;mangaluru/tumakuru/gadag/shivamoga: prime minister modi on saturday described congress move to oppose the triple talaq bill in rajya sabha as symptomatic of its anti-women mindset.
;;0.0;;earlier in shivamogga, modi referred to the hublot watch allegedly gifted to cm siddaramaiah, saying the watch has a connection with the famous jog falls.
;;0.1027;;during previous elections, gowda had said he would commit suicide if modi won and formed the government.
;;0.8519;;kochi: addressing an impressive gathering of his partys booth level leaders from across kerala on tuesday, congress president rahul gandhi tore into prime minister modi , saying that his regime is trying to create two indias, one for the richest of the rich and the other for the poor and marginalised.
;;0.0;;i ask the same questions to modi at the centre and to the chief minister of kerala.
;;0.6249;;for the last five years, modi has provided a maximum income guarantee to 15 of his friends.
;;0.765;;we have decided that if modi can give maximum income guarantee to 15 rich people, we will give minimum income guarantee to every single citizen, he said.
;;0.2732;;we have committed that in 2019, we will have a government that will make up for all the crimes that modi has done against farmers in five years, gandhi said.
;;0.0;;he took a dig at modi , saying that the latter kept talking about how india is ahead of china, but wherever we look we can see made in china items  whether it is cell phones, computers or shoes.
;;-0.6486;;gandhi also criticised the modi government for undermining every major institution in the country.
;;0.5574;;and why did modi remove the cbi chief even after the supreme court reinstated him?
;;0.7184;;fifteen children will be given the awards by prime minister modi , while three of the awards will be given posthumously.
;;-0.765;;bhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister kamal nath on sunday launched a scathing attack on the nda government at the centre and said the bjp government led by prime minister modi betrayed the farmers and youth of the country.
;;0.4767;;the chief minister also said that before coming to power, prime minister modi had promised make in india, skill india, digital india, stand-up india but there was no beneficiary to these schemes.
;;0.0;;the meeting comes days after prime minister modi delivered the keynote address at the shangri-la dialogue, where he articulated india's indo-pacific policy.
;;0.0;;it also comes days before modi will be at qingdao for the sco summit where china and russia are the leading powers.
;;0.0;;significantly, neither modi nor any of the leaders of the four countries had made any direct reference to the quad during the shangri-la dialogue as an emerging mini-lateral grouping in the indo-pacific.
;;0.2732;;that's why it was necessary for modi to clarify at shangri-la that india's indo-pacific policy has its core in its indian ocean outreach.
;;0.7184;;at shangri-la modi emphasised the breadth of indias naval cooperation in the indo-pacific region  indias armed forces, especially our navy, are building partnerships in the indo-pacific region for peace and security, as well as humanitarian assistance and disaster relief.
;;0.3612;;panaji: prime minister modi on sunday spoke for the first time on goas mining issue through video conferencing and assured the states people of taking steps to restarting mining in the state.
;;0.743;;during his 7-minute interaction with the 500-odd bjp karyakartas from the south goa parliamentary constituency consisting of 20 assembly constituencies and around 800 polling booths, modi expressed his happiness over the congregation of party activists.
;;-0.4939;;this story is from january 12, 2019m k stalin (file photo) tn powerless after modi became pm download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.5574;;chennai: a day after prime minister modi said the bjp was open to aligning with old friends, in an apparent reference to every party in tamil nadu except the congress and the left parties, the dmk and the bjp got into a war of attrition on friday.
;;0.3612;;while dmk chief m k stalin said modi was not atal behari vajpayee to attract allies, state bjp president tamilisai soundararajan retorted saying modis invitation was not meant for the dmk, which was already an ally of the congress.
;;0.0;;she said modi was referring to the dmdk and the pmk and not the dmk as stalin sought to make out.
;;0.6486;;reacting to modis statement that tn parties could come forward to tie up with the bjp as they did when a b vajpayee was the pm, stalin said, in the last four-and-a-half years, modi has been only speaking and making promises.
;;0.296;;modi comparing himself with vajpayee is a joke.
;;-0.4939;;after modi became pm, tamil nadu has become powerless.
;;0.0;;co/wi7reszlwe  bjp (@bjp4india) 1565333202000new delhi: prime minister modi will soon be seen expressing his views on conservation of nature, his time in the himalayas, his encounters with wildlife in his youth and the cleanliness drive in india in an episode of man vs wild.
;;-0.1779;;the special episode, which will premiere on august 12 on discovery channel, has been shot in the jim corbett national park modi also says: we should not take this place as a danger zone.
;;0.0;;raipur: preparations are on full swing for prime minister modi 's day-long visit to chhattisgarh on june 14 to inaugurate an expansion of bhilai steel plant and dedicate a new building of iit in bhilai.
;;0.0;;during his two-hour stay in bhilai, modi will also inaugurate an expansion of bhilai steel plant.
;;0.25;;prime minister modi and president joko widodo (courtesy: twitter | @meaindia)taking forward the comprehensive strategic partnership pm @narendramodi had a productive meeting with indonesian p https://t.
;;0.7351;;co/j9geiusfrr  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561768643000osaka: india and indonesia on saturday set an ambitious us $50 billion target for bilateral trade over the next six years as prime minister modi and president joko widodo discussed ways to deepen cooperation in a number of key areas including economy, defence and maritime security.
;;0.1027;;during his meeting between prime minister modi and indonesian president widodo, the two leaders discussed ways to deepen bilateral cooperation in trade and investment, defence and maritime fronts.
;;-0.6124;;navi mumbai: prime minister modi will e-inaugurate a rs 18,000 crore economically weaker sections (ews) and low income group (lig) housing of 90,000 flats in the city during an mmrda function on december 18.
;;0.0;;file photo of pm modi addressing during kargil vijay diwas celebration.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: in his second edition of the ' mann ki baat ' radio programme, prime minister modi on sunday urged students to take part in a unique quiz competition on space and technology students scoring the highest in their respective states will get to witness the landing of chandrayaan-2 at sriharikota .
;;0.7906;;gorakhpur: chief minister yogi adityanath, on friday, praised prime minister modi for completion of three successful years of nda government with its policy of 'sabka saath, sabka vikas' and setting new milestones for development.
;;0.1027;;the yatra was flagged off by union defence minister rajnath singh from kalka and would conclude at rohtak on september 8 in the presence of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4939;;gujarat chief minister modi , who was recently on a four-day visit to china, had taken up the issue with chinese authorities of the indians jailed there since january 2010.
;;0.128;;president of reliance industries limited (ril), hazira, hemant desai, who was a member of the business delegation of gujarat led by modi to china, said, cm has requested the chinese authorities to release the 22 indian diamond traders languishing in their jail as early as possible.
;;0.6478;;new delhi: the head priest of one of the most revered hindu shrines, kedarnath peeth, urged prime minister modi to declare the veershaiva-lingayat community a religious minority, a fact that could help congress counter bjps accusation that the siddaramaiah governments move was intended to divide the majority community.
;;0.0;;it emerged that the jagadguru of kedarnath peeth handed over a letter to pm modi during his visit to kedarnath shrine in uttarakhand on october 20, 2017.
;;0.0;;#watch: #visuals of sea plane prime minister modi will be travelling in, from sabarmati river in ahmedabad https://t.
;;-0.296;;co/ilsjmwhfpk  ani (@ani) 1513051603000new delhi: after being refused permission for a poll campaign road show in ahmedabad city, prime minister modi will sail into mehsana district via seaplane today from the sabarmati river in the city.
;;0.4019;;carrying modi and other party functionaries, the seaplane is expected in on a pond of the dharoi dam in mehsana.
;;0.1779;;he demanded prime minister modi , finance minister arun jaitley and former cag vinod rai should apologise to the nation.
;;0.4966;;shastri said that modi need not apologise for his remarks on former pm manmohan singh and can just withdraw his controversial statement in parliament by saying that he had merely played a stunt to win the gujarat polls.
;;-0.4767;;upcc spokesman kishore varshney demanded resignation of modi and jaitley and action against rai.
;;0.25;;the setting up of biofuel complex at dhuriyapar consisting of compressed biogas (cbg) and 2g ethanol plants at a cost of rs 1050 crores is a historic step towards fulfilling the vision of prime minister modi to double farmers income by 2022, said pradhan.
;;0.4404;;yogi thanked modi for the fertilizer plant.
;;0.0;;the chief minister said he would likely to meet prime minister modi on thursday to seek financial aid.
;;0.7184;;recognizing this, prime minister modi has set an audacious target to build 100 gigawatts (gw) of solar capacity to power india's growing economy, expand energy access, and limit india's contribution to climate change.
;;0.2732;;he also alleged that karnataka bjp chief b s yeddyurappa's personal assistant as well as union minister piyush goyal were carrying out 'operation kamala' on the direction of prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 14, 2018pm modi with us vice president mike pence.
;;0.0258;;singapore: prime minister modi and us vice president mike pence held talks on wednesday on a wide range of bilateral and global issues of mutual interests, including defence and trade cooperation, ways to counter terrorism and the need for maintaining a free and open indo-pacific.
;;0.9186;;spoke about our shared vision of a free and open indo-pacific & reaffirmed our commitment to strengthen security and counterterrorism cooperation and coordination, pence tweeted after his meeting with prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5267;;modi thanked pence and reminded him that in one way or another all the traces and all the leads in the global terror attacks ultimately leads to a single source and single place of origin, without naming any country or organisation.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi said that in the last two years - since president donald trump has assumed office - american exports to india have grown by 50 per cent and it is perhaps one of the countries, perhaps the only one, of the top 10 countries with which the us has a trade deficit where the deficit has actually reduced last year and is on course to further reduce this year, gokhale said.
;;0.8201;;prime minister modi said indians when they come to the us not only bring their talent and capacity to innovate, capacity to excel but also they are imbued in democratic values.
;;0.25;;the indo-pacific region also come up for discussion and prime minister modi referred to his june speech in singapore at iiss shangrila dialogue in which he had outlined india's vision on indo-pacific.
;;0.4019;;in a move clearly aimed at consolidating the opposition against prime minister modi , dmk working president m k stalin has initiated the process to convene a national-level conference on state autonomy.
;;0.0;;modi came to power with a brute majority.
;;-0.0258;;the go back modi slogan, whichstartedin chennai,has now reached distant london, where people protested againstmodi,when he visited the country recently, he said.
;;-0.296;;if the labour market continues to soften, it could put pressure on prime minister modi modis government ahead of next years general elections.
;;0.5994;;davos: indian entrepreneurs at the world economic forum (wef) annual meeting expressed delight over prime minister modi 's address at the plenary session, here in davos talking to ani, co-founder and owner, spicejet, ajay singh, said that pm modi has 'walked the talk'.
;;0.6808;;prime minister modi spoke about a new india, which was about digital india, importance of big data, artificial intelligence (ai).
;;0.4939;;earlier, prime minister modi , while delivering the keynote address, said that data is the real wealth.
;;0.7351;;the global flow of data is creating big opportunities as well as challenges, prime minister modi had said.
;;0.0;;talking about social media, prime minister modi said, the example of breaking, addition, and twisting of technology is being seen in the form of social media.
;;0.4939;;the balance of economic strength and political power is changing due to new changes and new powers, prime minister modi concluded.
;;-0.2263;;new delhi: lok sabha on tuesday witnessed an uproar over us president donald trump 's remarks on kashmir mediation, with congress demanding a reply from prime minister modi on the issue.
;;0.34;;trump had on monday claimed that prime minister modi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modi.
;;0.3818;;(ani)talks with russian president vladimir putin on wednesdaytwo-hour tete-a-tete on board a shipvladivostok: india and russia are against outside influence in the internal matters of any nation, prime minister modi said afterduring which they discussed ways to bolster cooperation in trade and investment, oil and gas, nuclear energy, defence, space and maritime connectivity.
;;0.0;;modi, who arrived in russia on a two-day visit during which he will also attend the eastern economic forum (eef), is the first indian prime minister to visit to the russian far east region.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said a proposal has been made to have a full fledged maritime route between chennai and vladivostok .
;;0.7783;;modi expressed his gratitude to president putin and people of russia for conferring russia's highest civilian award on him.
;;0.7184;;prime minister modi was named for the 'order of st andrew the apostle' award by russia in april for his exceptional services in promoting bilateral ties between the two countries.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, two separate rostrums were made on the stage - one where modi spoke and the rest for the other leaders, including the cm.
;;0.7351;;chouhan called modi a true visionary.
;;0.3818;;tokyo: prime minister modi on monday met japanese foreign minister taro kono and held productive, focused discussion on bilateral, regional and global issues.
;;0.4215;;modi arrived in japan on saturday to attend the 13th india-japan annual two-day summit which will seek to review the progress in ties and deepen strategic dimension of the bilateral relationship.
;;0.4019;;modi also met secretary general toshihiro nikai of the ruling liberal democratic party and the minister of economy trade and industry (meti) hiroshige seko.
;;0.7579;;earlier, modi addressed a gathering of vibrant indian community in japan and also interacted with some respected names in japanese venture capitalists.
;;0.0516;;touted as the biggest ever defence exhibition, defexpo-2018 will be formally inaugurated by prime minister modi on april 12.
;;0.802;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday shared heartwarming pictures with a special guest who came to meet him at parliament in the picture, posted on pm modi's instagram account, he can be seen cradling a child.
;;0.5859;;in the first photo, modi seems to be playing with the kid who seems to be smiling ear to ear.
;;0.4576;;pm modi who is quite active on social media has over 25 million followers on instagram.
;;-0.9501;;new delhi/osaka: as the brics informal meeting in osaka on the margins of g-20 called for strengthening wto and fighting protectionism and terrorism, prime minister modi again called for a global conference on terrorism, saying the world cant remain inactive just because there's a lack of consensus in the fight against terror.
;;-0.4404;;later, in the russia-india-china trilateral meeting too, modi sought help from russian president vladimir putin and his chinese counterpart xi jinping , in organising a global meet on terrorism.
;;-0.2263;;in his remarks, modi spoke about strengthening the wto, fighting protectionism, ensuring energy security and the need to work together to fight terrorism.
;;0.8225;;ani photonew delhi: the government has made clear its intention to undertake reform measures to boost growth and highlighted the need to make the indian economy competitive, prime minister modi told a group of economists and sectoral experts on saturday at a meeting ahead of the presentation of the union budget.
;;-0.7003;;he said that the ldf government, while criticizing prime minister modi , failed to implement several pro-people initiatives of the centre.
;;0.3612;;namo must strike them down for which he can count on my help, said the rajya sabha mp, referring in his second sentence to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1779;;swamy further alleged that chidambaram - accused of money laundering and peddling his influence as union minister - is being protected from scrutiny by bureaucrats, especially 4 in the modi government.
;;-0.8633;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday reaffirmed his governments commitment to the triple talaq bill, which seeks to punish those who choose to practice instant oral divorce despite the supreme court outlawing the practice, as he launched a blistering attack on congress for failing the minority community.
;;-0.431;;to buttress his criticism against congress, modi referred to an interview of arif mohammad khan who, as a minister in the rajiv gandhi government, had pressed for implementation of the sc order but failed to persuade his leader and his party.
;;-0.1027;;modi, who did not mention khans name, referred to the former ministers account of how senior congress leaders had sought to nudge him to drop his insistence for adherence to the sc verdict in the shah bano matter.
;;-0.0772;;ahmedabad: union home minister amit shah said here on wednesday that prime minister modi made the poor people repose their faith in the country's democratic system.
;;0.5423;;modi helped people trust the multi-party democratic system when they were losing faith in it under the then congress-led governments, he said.
;;-0.4767;;modi proved the political pundits wrong by returning to power with a thumping majority due to his performance and policies, the union home minister said.
;;-0.7096;;through air and surgical strikes (against terrorist camps) inside pakistan, the modi government sent out a message that though peace was our priority being the country of mahatma gandhi , no one could trifle with our borders, shah said.
;;0.0;;but modi showed them what pro-incumbency is, he said, talking about the nda's massive victory in the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;-0.4019;;bhopal: a day ahead of prime minister modi 's visit to amarkantak in madhya pradesh, trouble erupted at the location of one of the helipads he may use.
;;0.4215;;if true, pm modi has betra https://t.
;;-0.0516;;co/zxakhm1ygg  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1563866825000new delhi: if us president donald trump 's claim that the indian prime minister had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue is true, modi had betrayed the interests of the country, congress leader rahul gandhi said on tuesday.
;;-0.4404;;rahul also asserted that a weak foreign ministry denial wouldn't do and prime minister modi must tell the nation what transpired in the meeting between him and the us president.
;;0.4588;;if true, pm modi has betrayed india's interests & 1972 shimla agreement, the congress leader said in a tweet.
;;0.2382;;earlier in the day, the congress welcomed the government's reiteration of india's no third party involvement stand on the kashmir issue but asked why modi was mum over trump's claim.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi would inaugurate the 12.
;;0.7964;;file photo for representationnew delhi: prime minister modi will on saturday fulfil, seven months ahead of schedule, his government's promise to help women in eight crore poor households breathe easy by replacing their smoky 'chulhas' (earthen ovens) with lpg connection and stove free of cost.
;;0.0;;the scheme showcases the modi government's prowess in completing projects on time.
;;0.3182;;the scheme has helped expand the use of lpg as cooking fuel to 95  of population in the country from 55  in may 2014, when modi began his first term as the pm, and turned india into the world's second-largest domestic consumer of the clean-burning fuel after china.
;;0.3182;;bishkek: prime minister modi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan exchanged pleasantries on friday during the sco summit in bishkek , official sources said.
;;0.3182;;modi exchanged usual pleasantries with khan in the leaders' lounge at venue of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit here, they said.
;;0.0;;both modi and khan were here to attend the annual summit of the sco.
;;0.4019;;khan had also made a telephone call to modi on may 26 and expressed his desire to work together for the betterment of people of the two countries.
;;0.0;;following the phone call and letter by khan to prime minister modi after his re-election for a second term, there were speculations that both may have a meeting on the sidelines of the sco summit here.
;;0.0;;modi arrived here in the kyrgyz capital on thursday on a two-day visit to attend the annual summit of the sco.
;;-0.6124;;new delhi: prime minister modi on saturday hit out at upa, accusing it of corruption and misgovernance, and said that his government had moved away from the a,b,c mentality  a for avoiding, b for burying and c for confusing.
;;0.3182;;addressing global and indian ceos, modi listed out improvements in various economic parameters and detailed the steps taken for a more balanced development and changing mindsets.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on saturday informed the audience of global and indian ceos of his governments achievements during the last five years and said that the steps had helped india move up global rankings across parameters.
;;0.0;;the union minister was reacting to a letter written by a group of eminent citizens to prime minister modi expressing concern over lynching incidents.
;;-0.5574;;the july 23 letter to prime minister modi also stressed that there is no democracy without dissent.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 16, 2019prime minister modi (pti photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4019;;kollam: prime minister modi 's claim that what happened in tripura will happen in kerala might seem a desperate attempt to shore up the morale of his party workers, but by branding congress-led udf and cpm-led ldf as two sides of the same coin he left no doubt that bjp and its nda allies would do their utmost to disrupt kerala's decades-long bipolar political order in the upcoming lok sabha elections addressing a huge gathering of bjp workers here on tuesday, modi sought to tar both ldf and udf with the same brush on a host of issues ranging from sabarimala and gender justice to corruption and economic reservation.
;;0.0516;;modi arrived in thiruvananthapuram on tuesday evening and inaugurated the 13-km long kollam bypass, a project that had been hanging fire for almost four decades since its conception in the early '70s, with both the state and central governments now seeking credit for its belated completion.
;;-0.836;;reacting to modi's shameful behaviour jibe, cpm said it was shameful that modi chose to attack the ldf government for implementing the sc verdict on sabarimala .
;;0.0;;modi should read the indian constitution which he is sworn to uphold, rather than manusmriti or rss oath!
;;0.0516;;and modi should stop giving lectures on culture and history.
;;0.4854;;the original deadline to start bullet train service was set for 2023, but was later advanced by a year to august 15, 2022, by prime minister modi to mark 75 years of independence.
;;0.2263;;the statement is significant because prime minister modi had indicated on sunday that pakistan was a major stumbling block in the improvement of relations between india and china.
;;0.0;;he said they were looking forward to the next programme of canada-india business council in new delhi on thursday, followed by a dinner with prime minister modi , union ministers, and mps.
;;0.0;;this time, gadkari wants to get the metro inaugurated at the hands of prime minister modi before the general elections are declared and hence he is getting the process fast-forwarded.
;;-0.6124;;a woman hod was denied permission to hold a conference because the speaker is a known critic of prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;joined by about 60-70 high school students from across the country, prime minister modi will be present at the isro centre in bengaluru to witness live the space feat, according to officials.
;;0.0;;the hospital was officially inaugurated by prime minister modi during his visit to the city on wednesday.
;;-0.3291;;london: prime minister modi is expected to have private meetings with queen elizabeth ii and uk prime minister theresa may during his upcoming trip to the uk for the commonwealth heads of government meeting (chogm), but his trip is also set to be blighted by protests.
;;0.0;;modi and 52 other heads of government are due to arrive for the meeting in london and windsor from april 16 to 20, when the uk will assume its chairmanship for the next two years.
;;0.0;;at 4pm modi will have a private appointment with the queen, the source added.
;;0.2023;;on thursday, modi will attend events connected to chogm and on friday he will go to windsor for a retreat with the other state heads.
;;-0.5393;;a protest under the banner modi not welcome and minorities against modi is being planned in london from april 15.
;;-0.8689;;protesters in delhiretired civil servants also joined the protest and read out an open letter, in which they urged prime minister modi to reach out to the families of the kathua and unnao rape victims.
;;0.0772;;earlier this year, bhatt filed an affidavit in the supreme court and implicated chief minister modi in the 2002 riots.
;;0.0;;the shiv sena chief had announced his ayodhya visit at the partys annual dussehra rally held at shivaji park where he had slammed prime minister modi and said he would ask the pm why the bjp had not yet constructed the ram temple.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi on wednesday discussed with heads of various political parties, which have at least one mp either in the lok sabha or rajya sabha, the issue of one nation, one election.
;;-0.1779;;the audio clip, of an alleged conversation between yeddyurappa, devadurga bjp mla shivanagouda naik and sharanagouda, son of jd(s) mla from gurumitkal naganagouda kandakur at a government guest house in devadurga, raichur district on february 7, triggered a storm with kumaraswamy accusing even prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5267;;bengaluru: karnataka industries minister r v deshpande has urged prime minister modi to declare it city bengaluru the second capital of the country, considering its diverse and vibrant culture and geographical position.
;;0.7906;;in a letter to modi on january 5, the senior congress minister justified his demand saying, bengaluru is located in the southern region which is free from natural calamities and extreme weather conditions.
;;0.2023;;he said though prime minister modi talked about target olympic podium scheme for training of athletes, the haryana government cancelled the proposal of constructing a stadium in the village of dronacharya awardee mahavir phogat and phogat sisters.
;;-0.0711;;taking on the bjp , the hyderabad mp said that prime minister modi does not have political wisdom like sardar patel and jawaharlal nehru had.
;;0.0;;owaisi said that modi is following the ideology of the jan sangh, and wants to form government in j&k.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi wants to execute delimitation of assembly segment, increase mla seats and form government, said the aimim chief.
;;0.3612;;if pm modi and home minister amit shah are like lord krishna and arjun, then who are pandavas and kauravas?
;;0.0;;us president donald trump (reuters photo)i look forward to speaking with prime minister modi about the fact that india, for years having put very high tarif https://t.
;;0.25;;co/w28hif3jbi  donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) 1561607225000india-us relations are guided by the big picture- the vision set out by our leaders,pm modi & president trump in 20 https://t.
;;-0.2732;;co/40d4vdlmmg  dr. s. jaishankar (@drsjaishankar) 1561545976000washington: a single, censorious tweet by us president donald trump has cast a shadow on his upcoming meeting with prime minister modi at the g20 summit in osaka, japan, highlighting the uncertainty in bilateral ties subjected to temperamental quirks of a leader obsessed with trade at the expense of broader strategic vision.
;;0.5994;;i look forward to speaking with prime minister modi about the fact that india, for years having put very high tariffs against the united states, just recently increased the tariffs even further.
;;-0.0516;;in an oblique swipe at trump's messaging, which some commentators saw as a pressure tactic before his meeting with modi , india's new external affairs minister s jaishankar tweeted, india-us relations are guided by the big picture- the vision set out by our leaders,pm modi & president trump in 2017.
;;0.6908;;he has repeatedly twitted modi over twitter on trade issues even while affirming their friendship even though india is a relatively minor trading partner of the united states.
;;0.0;;eshwarappa is heavily banking upon the polarization of votes and prime minister modi to weave his magic to see him through.
;;0.8765;;i do agree that there is polarization of votes but the aura of modi is waning due to false promises of creating jobs and financial security to citizens, says congress mla k b prasanna kumar , who hails from brahmin community.
;;0.3182;;speaking on the occasion, nath said prime minister modi launched the nssh initiative in ludhiana on october 18, 2016, and announced that ludhiana, being an important economic centre, would be included in the cities where the union ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises would set up nssh.
;;-0.3818;;with morning headlines indicating that rafale would again be the opposition focus on tuesday, sibal put on his congress hat to slam prime minister modi and ambani.
;;0.0;;even if its the modi wave, what did it represent when modi himself became the prime minister against all odds.
;;-0.3818;;what did the liberals dislike about modi in 2014?
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters in chengannur, opposition leader ramesh chennithala said cpm state secretary modi was now working as the pro of the bjp in chengannur.
;;0.9455;;but modi is trying to boost the confidence of the bjp by saying that the party is powerful in chengannur, said chennithala.
;;0.0;;the bjp, under prime minister modi and president amit shah , has implemented an unwritten rule of retiring leaders who were above 75 years of age.
;;0.0;;in that process, veteran leaders such as lk advani, murli manohar joshi and shanta kumar were kept out of modi government 1.
;;0.6124;;the bjp eased out and promoted ministers in the modi government, such as najma heptulla, who touched 75 years of age.
;;0.0;;yediyurappa, who was in shivamogga to review the situation in the city, said he is going new delhi on august 16 to meet prime minister modi to discuss the situation in the aftermath of the deluge.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi appears to be in fine political fettle at the end of three years in office.
;;-0.4963;;both modi and shah, being outsiders to the bjp's own lutyen's clique, came with almost no baggage, no bias.
;;0.3346;;between modi and shah, they have this well worked out.
;;-0.1027;;ahmedabad: a police inspector with the local crime branch (lcb) and two constables were beaten by an unknown man on friday, after they prevented him from entering the kh road in gandhinagar, for security reasons due to the vibrant gujarat global summit (vggs) 2019, which had many vvips participating, including prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5574;;co/jizbpune2d  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1567933252000new delhi: the abrogation of jammu and kashmir's special status, criminalisation of instant triple talaq and amendment in a law to allow an individual to be designated as 'terrorist' were some of the major decisions taken by the modi government in its first 100 days, union minister prakash javadekar said on sunday.
;;0.0;;while javadekar addressed a press conference here and released a booklet on the government's achievements, prime minister modi talked about his government's works at a rally in haryana's rohtak.
;;-0.296;;taking a dig at the modi government, congress leader rahul gandhi congratulated it on 100 days of no development.
;;-0.7506;;congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra said the modi government is mum after ruining the economy and alleged it is trying to hide the grim situation in the country.
;;-0.3182;;he also lauded the sensitivity prime minister modi exhibited towards space scientists on saturday after the isro centre lost communication with chandrayaan-2 lander 'vikram' when it was about to touch down on the lunar surface.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 2, 2019pm modi spoke in a wide-ranging interview to ani (file photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: hinting that the government is not considering an early ordinance to facilitate construction of the ram temple in ayodhya, prime minister modi said the judicial process should take its own course even as he blamed previous congress governments for stalling a resolution.
;;0.6124;;in suggesting that the judicial process  the sc is expected to decide on friday when the ayodhya title suit will be heard  should be allowed to play out, modi seems to be making it clear that the court will not be pre-empted.
;;0.0;;their single-point agenda is modi.
;;0.0;;do this to modi , that to modi.
;;-0.6369;;take any 10 pages of a newspaper, 10 leaders of (this) alliance in different voices abuse modi.
;;-0.4404;;in the course of the extensive interview, modi sought to beat back opposition attacks that the country was slipping and the government had under-performed.
;;0.5267;;she also draws inspiration from prime minister modi who, she says, has changed the face of rural india in the last four-and-ahalf years.
;;-0.2263;;this story is from november 9, 2018m k stalindownload the times of india news app for latest cityperambalur: the alliance of regional parties will uphold the rights of the states to dethrone the fascist bjp government led by prime minister modi at the centre, dmk president m k stalin said in perambalur on thursday.
;;-0.296;;modi is of no use to the people of india.
;;-0.3612;;thats why we are insisting on uniting all the regional parties to defeat modi though we have no personal enmity against him.
;;-0.5095;;in his tweet, prime minister modi said, the incident is extremely tragic.
;;0.0;;she said the state government is working on the path shown by prime minister modi to double the income of farmers.
;;0.0;;beijing: external affairs minister s jaishankar will make his first visit to china in the second week of august to finalise the preparations for president xi jinping 's visit to india later this year for the second informal summit with prime minister modi while officials are tight lipped about the schedule of his visit, an invitation being circulated to the media here by the china public diplomacy association said jaishankar along with his chinese counterpart wang yi would hold the 2nd india-china people-to-people exchange mechanism.
;;0.0;;he will be the first indian minister to visit china after the modi government began its second term.
;;-0.25;;modi and xi, who struck a personal rapport during their meetings on various forums in the last five years, set the bilateral relations back on track with their first-ever informal summit last year at wuhan after a 73-day standoff at doklam between the two militaries.
;;-0.3818;;shillong: the assembly election is around the corner and politicians are busy chalking out strategies for the battle of ballots, especially after prime minister modi kicked off bjps poll campaign here last saturday.
;;0.8442;;even pm modi made it a point to wind up his election address by wishing people merry christmas and happy new year.
;;0.0;;chennai: the aiadmk (puratchi thalaivi amma) faction has said that prime minister modi confirmed his participation in the valedictory function of the birth centenary celebrations of aiadmk founder m g ramachandran (mgr), organised by the faction, in october.
;;0.6486;;dushyant gautam guided the attendees on membership and praised prime minister modi for upliftment of economically weaker section with amenities like toilets, houses, water, and for the various developments in the country like sanitation and water conservation.
;;0.0;;the first one of this year - named param shivay - was inaugurated by prime minister modi at iit-bhu in varanasi in february.
;;0.0;;manama: prime minister modi on sunday held talks with his bahraini counterpart prince khalifa bin salman al khalifa during which they discussed bilateral and regional issues.
;;0.0;;modi, who is on the third leg of his three-nation tour to france, uae and bahrain, will also hold talks with king hamad bin isa al khalifa on sunday, he will witness the formal beginning of the re-development of the temple of shreenathji -- the oldest in the gulf region.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on friday spoke to the chief minister on the situation in the state.
;;0.6597;;party sources said the central election committee cec ), in the presence of prime minister modi and party president amit shah , will finalise most of the candidates on november 1 or 2 for which initial exercise of finalising the potential candidates have been completed.
;;0.4215;;people have full faith in the bjp leadership and prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;changing candidates has been one of the key poll strategies of modi and shah combine, which they had exercised in gujarat.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi has previously said that the court process will need to play out before any other initiative on the temple can be considered.
;;-0.4767;;around 150 of them were arrested for attempting to slipper an effigy of prime minster modi modi.
;;0.3818;;he also attributed the successful implementation of aadhaar to the decisive leadership of prime minister modi , saying the congress-led upa remained half-hearted towards it because of its own contradictions and indecision.
;;0.2263;;it was only a decisive prime minister modi who decided to go ahead with the idea of aadhaar after the formation of the nda government in may 2014, he added.
;;-0.4019;;the bjp top brass mourned the death of kanchi shankaracharya jayendra saraswathi with prime minister modi and party president amit shah recalling their interactions with the hindu priest.
;;0.4404;;he will live on in the hearts and minds of lakhs of devotees due to his exemplary service and noblest thoughts, modi tweeted and also shared his photos with the priest.
;;0.6124;;however, gaur is upbeat after prime minister modi warmly shook hands with him on stage at the party workers convention in bhopal and said, gaur ji, ek bar aur (one more time).
;;0.3818;;the credit of taking india to the next level in the world arena goes to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.2732;;karur: dmk leader m k stalin, on thursday in karur, said that dmk-congress alliance has emerged as a strong front to scare prime minister modi as bjp experienced a setback in their strongholds.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is afraid of dmk-congress alliance.
;;-0.3612;;pm modi did not expect it and now he started criticizing dmk-congress alliance asking whether it is an alliance of principles, said stalin at the public meeting in karur.
;;0.5859;;since modi is protecting him, eps is feeling comfortable.
;;0.3612;;modi has developed an unfulfilled desire if he could win at least one or two seats by obtaining four to five seats in the aiadmk alliance by coercing chief minister eps with the weapon of corruption cases against him and his colleagues, said stalin.
;;0.3612;;following the wuhan summit with chinese president xi jinping , prime minister modi is now getting ready for yet another one - with vladimir putin in the seaside resort of sochi on monday next week.
;;0.6369;;the modi-putin summit is surprising in another respect - modi will be meeting putin at the sco summit in qingdao in early june, and putin is expected to visit india for the annual india-russia summit also in the next few months.
;;0.296;;the modi-putin summit will be followed swiftly by modi travelling to indonesia and singapore, and then china for the sco summit.
;;0.0;;modi will meet putin for the brics summit in south africa and again in argentina for the g-20 summit.
;;0.0;;it also comes two days ahead of the meeting scheduled between prime minister modi and us president donald trump in osaka, japan on the sidelines of the g-20 summit.
;;0.0;;as part of his state visit, pompeo is also scheduled to meet external affairs minister s jaishankar and prime minister modi later today.
;;0.0;;addressing the farmers at rythu samanvaya samithi meeting, kcr said though he had discussed and urged prime minister modi to take steps for welfare of farmers, but the centre has not come up with any scheme.
;;0.5423;;the initiative has been launched by prime minister modi , which will see quick funding, 25  mandatory procurement by government departments, and other sops as part of plans to boost the msme sector and the countrys economy.
;;-0.4767;;the jd(s)-congress governments much-touted farm loan waiver scheme  a pet project of chief minister hd kumaraswamy  has come under strident attack from prime minister modi , ahead of this years lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;at a rally in uttar pradesh, modi also alleged the scheme helped only 800 farmers.
;;0.0;;ironically, it comes in the wake of prime minister modi modis lollipop jibe.
;;0.0;;raj had held several rallies ahead of the lok sabha elections targeting prime minister modi and the bjp-led government in maharashtra.
;;0.3612;;goyal credited prime minister modi and jaitley for the insolvency resolution plan.
;;0.5423;;referring to prime minister modi 's recent address, he emphasised that peace and prosperity were on their way to the state.
;;0.4019;;varanasi: an fir was lodged against senior samajwadi party leader and party's maharashtra state president abu azmi at saraimeer police station of azamgarh on tuesday for making alleged derogatory remarks against prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;-0.296;;the case was lodged on the complaint of one hanumant singh of ahiraula area of azamgarh who alleged in the fir that azmi, while talking to the media, said that modi has to go back to gujarat after 2019 elections and also used some derogatory words against the pm.
;;-0.8841;;in their 900-year rule, muslims rulers never caused hindi-muslim rift, but in just four-and-a-half years they (bjp government) are raising the issue of temple and mosque and changing the names of cities only to hide their failure, said azmi accusing the modi government of not fulfilling its promises.
;;0.0;;as a result, the highway ministry may not be able to follow through with its plan of prime minister modi laying the foundation stone for the project next month.
;;0.0;;a force of 5,000 cops policemen from different corners of the state has been stationed in amarkantak for the concluding ceremony of narmada seva yatra in the presence of prime minister modi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan on monday.
;;0.9382;;but we bet that nothing made prime minister modi happier than the sight of his favourite dishes arranged neatly in shiny copper thali, and served to him lovingly by his mother.
;;0.802;;he is super busy handling the reins of the nation but, on his birthday, pm modi always finds the time to meet his mother and seek her blessings.
;;0.0;;after an action-packed day including a visit to sardar sarovar dam, the pm  clad in white kurta-pajama and a saffron nehru jacket  visited his mother modi and had a simple but sumptuous lunch with her at vrundavan 2 in raysan village in gandhinagar, where she resides with his younger brother pankaj modi.
;;0.0;;the food was cooked by unnati, daughter-in-law of modi , who along with his wife sarita were out of state when the pm came visiting.
;;0.5423;;new delhi: palestinian president mahmoud abbas arrived here on sunday on a four-day visit during which he will hold extensive talks with prime minister modi on key bilateral, regional and international issues, including the middle east peace process.
;;0.0;;a delegation-level discussion between president abbas and prime minister modi will be held on may 16.
;;0.2732;;the statement assumes significance given that there have been commentaries on the increasing proximity between the modi government and israel which may have a bearing on new delhi's relations with palestine.
;;0.0;;in july, modi will travel to israel, the first indian prime minister to do so.
;;0.875;;prime minister modi (afp photo)new delhi: after statue of unity in gujarat was included in time magazine's 'world's 100 greatest places of 2019' list, prime minister modi on wednesday said that he is glad that it is emerging as a popular tourist spot.
;;0.7003;;glad that it is emerging as a popular tourist spot, prime minister modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;modi had in october last year inaugurated sardar vallabhbhai patel 's statue of unity on the occasion his 143rd birth anniversary.
;;0.0;;shah will be seated in the front row along with pm modi and the leader of the house in the rajya sabha arun jaitley .
;;0.6361;;if both (pakistan and india) want, i am ready to do it, he said, a day after attending 'howdy, modi' rally in houston, where he shared the stage with prime minister modi and displayed a close friendship and a common vision on fighting terrorism at any point of time, i would be an extremely good arbitrator, he said.
;;0.3197;;trump praised the 'howdy, modi' mega rally in presence of khan and said he has heard a very aggressive statement by prime minister modi.
;;-0.8979;;at the rally on sunday, pm modi hit out at pakistan for its support to terrorism and said india's decision to nullify article 370 has caused trouble to those who cannot handle their country as he called for a decisive battle against terrorism.
;;0.4019;;it may be recalled that recently prime minister modi had given a call to shut petrol bunks on sundays as it would be an environmentally-friendly move at the same time it would boost the nation's foreign exchange reserves.
;;0.6249;;as a matter of fact, the air pollution in delhi has reduced by 25 per cent with the opening of the eastern and western peripheral expressways in delhi, thanks to prime minister modi and union road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari, tiwari saidthe two expressways keep out nearly 60,000 heavy commercial vehicles from delhi roads, considerably reducing traffic congestion as well as pollution level, he said.
;;0.8625;;above all it has been energised by the personal commitment of prime minister modi , who set the tone for innovation during the nda governments inauguration itself by inviting neighbouring saarc countries to the swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.7845;;since then modi has improved indias engagement and cooperation with neighbouring countries (save pakistan), invited foreign investment, engaged indias diaspora in many countries, ramped up strategic ties with the us, complemented indias look east programme with outreach to west asia, looked to engage pakistan while also moving to isolate it when pakistan rebuffed his efforts and supported multiple terror strikes in india.
;;0.0;;state congress chief adhir chowdhury petitioned pm na rendra modi against alleged rigging of local polls.
;;-0.5423;;in a dramatic escalation of hostility between state congress chief adhir chowdhury and trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee, the former has petitioned prime minister modi against alleged rigging of local elections.
;;-0.1027;;hours after bjp won a hard fought victory in gujarat , prime minister modi reached out to the patel community, unhappy with the saffron party over the non-fulfilment of its quota demand, and said bygones should be bygones and no effort should be spared to unite all gujaratis.
;;0.7717;;while reaching out to the quota-seeking patels, modi lauded state party leaders for taking over the reins successfully after his departure to become the pm.
;;-0.6858;;modi reiterated that development would continue to be his key poll plank for which he also hinted at congress president rahul gandhis quote vikas gando thayo che as he said, you can criticise the bjp but how can one mock at the agenda of development?
;;0.296;;to counter more emphatically the congress bid to run down the bjp agenda of development, modi at the and of his speech mooted a new slogan jitega bhai jitega, vikas hi jitegaand asked party workers to repeat, hinting that the development agenda will continue to dominate the political discourse in the coming days.
;;-0.4767;;gurugram: the police force remained on its toes in the city on saturday when jat leaders held a conclave in rohtak and announced they would boycott prime minister modi and bjp president amit shahs political events in the state to protest delay in the grant of reservation to the community.
;;0.499;;she does not forget to highlight the prominence given by the modi government for construction of toilets in villages by providing special grants under swaccha bharat abhiyan.
;;-0.2023;;smritis poll plank is arvinds role in construction of interior roads, housing for the poor, establishment of iit in dharwad and the need to strengthen prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.6249;;police in bhubaneswar on sunday arrested six congress workers, one of them the president of the state youth congress wing, for allegedly pulling down a poster of prime minister modi during a protest over the hike in fuel prices at a filling station near delta square.
;;-0.3848;;bagalkot: prime minister modi on friday tore into the congress-jd(s) government in karnataka and described its loan waiver as the most cruel joke on farmers.
;;0.6124;;two of the beneficiaries from the state will receive the financial aid in person from prime minister modi , scheduled to launch the programme in uttar pradeshs gorakhpur on sunday, while 1,000 farmers from selected pockets from across the state would join chief minister edappadi k palaniswami in chennai to witness the programme via video-conferencing.
;;0.296;;qingdao: prime minister modi today held a productive meeting with kazakhstan president nursultan nazarbayev and invited his country to join the international solar alliance.
;;0.0;;modi met nazarbayev on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation here in the eastern chinese port city.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had a productive meeting with nursultan nazarbayev, the president of kazakhstan, on the sidelines of the sco summit, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;0.7269;;prime minister modi invited the kazakhstan president to join the international solar alliance (isa), an initiative announced in 2015 whose primary objective is to work for efficient exploitation of solar energy to reduce dependence on fossil fuels.
;;0.6808;;pm modi invited kazakhstan to join the international solar alliance and the president of kazakhstan responded positively, said ruchi ghanashyam, secretary (west) in the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;modi held nearly half a dozen bilateral meetings with leaders of other sco countries.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi yesterday had seperate meetings with the president of uzbekistan shavkat mirziyoyev and tajikistan president emomali rahmon on the sidelines of the summit here and discussed a range of topics with them to further strengthen india's ties with the resource-rich central asian countries.
;;0.3182;;he added even prime minister modi was in favour of stopping unnecessary water being given to pakistan from the indian rivers and utilize the same for various states needs.
;;0.0;;malik was addressing media at chandigarh on saturday ahead of prime minister modi modis visit to gurdaspur on january 3 to address a rally.
;;-0.4767;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday suspended his monthly 'mann ki baat' broadcast for march and april, and said he will be back with the programme on the last sunday of may, by when results of the lok sabha elections are expected to be declared.
;;0.4019;;in this monthly address through the radio broadcast -- the 53rd since modi came to power in 2014 -- he said he was doing so keeping in mind healthy democratic traditions.
;;0.0;;at the crematorium, where the mortal remains of 67-year-old swaraj were consigned to the flames, were prime minister modi , home minister amit shah, vice-president m venkaiah naidu, leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, veteran bjp stalwart l k advani and congress leader anand sharma.
;;0.1027;;new delhi, jun 6 () prime minister modi today said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country, adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities.
;;0.2023;;modi added that there was a time when startups meant only digital and technology innovation but now things are changing and we are seeing startups in various other fields, including agriculture.
;;0.4215;;in 2014, modi succeeded in making the parliamentary election resemble a presidential contest.
;;0.0;;judged from this quirky yardstick, prime minister modi has completed the third year of his term on an almighty high.
;;0.2732;;above all, the modi government has exuded raw energy.
;;0.34;;kochi: security has been beefed up in kochi on the eve of prime minister modi modis visit to the city and thrissur on sunday.
;;0.0;;modi will unveil a plaque and dedicate the rs 16,500 crore integrated refinery expansion complex at bpcl kochi to the nation.
;;0.0;;45 pm, modi will lay the foundation stone for the second skill development institute complex at ettumanoor via remote and inaugurate the mounded storage vessel at iocl lpg bottling plant, kochi by unveiling a plaque.
;;0.3818;;bhopal: on his 69th birthday, when prime minister modi was feeling exhilarated to witness river narmada water touching a historic 138 meters in sardar sarovar dam, two cabinet ministers of mp's congress-led kamal nath government unhappily alleged that the dam was fully filled before schedule to make pm modi's birthday memorable.
;;0.0;;in fact, gujarat government filled the dam to facilitate prime minister modi modi's birthday celebrations in village kavadia, claimed bachchan on tuesday.
;;-0.2732;;it would have been better if pm modi had paid attention to the flood affected people who had been trapped in the backwaters.
;;0.6486;;pm modi should immediately sanction relief to the dam oustees of madhya pradesh so that they could be provide immediate relief, demanded sharma.
;;0.2023;;the bjp however, hit out at the congress government for playing politics on the birthday of pm modi.
;;0.128;;abu azmi (file photo)mumbai: with the indian cricketers likely to don orange jerseys during a few world cup encounters, abu azmi , a samajwadi party mla from mumbai, on wednesday accused prime minister modi of trying to 'saffronise' everything.
;;0.0;;but modi wants to paint the entire country with saffron, he said.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi , who had come to pune at the beginning of the year for the groundbreaking ceremony of the third phase of the metro project  from hinjewadi to shivajinagar  had urged officials to ensure the project became operational by the end of the year.
;;0.891;;this story is from november 7, 2018new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday celebrated diwali with army and itbp personnel at harsil village in uttarakhand , continuing his tradition of celebrating the festival with jawans.
;;0.0;;later, pm modi also offered prayers at the kedarnath temple.
;;0.8591;;last year also, pm modi had celebrated diwali with the jawans of the army and bsf in gurez valley along the line of control in jammu and kashmir this is the fifth successive diwali that prime minister modi has celebrated with jawans on the border.
;;-0.4588;;panaji: the church in goa appealed to prime minister modi on wednesday to eliminate the growing ideology of hate and subjugation of women within the country.
;;-0.8519;;the church missive to modi came after the recent cases of crimes against women, including the horrendous rapes in kathua and unnao and also across the country over the past few days.
;;0.0;;cpm state secretary modi too echoed a similar view.
;;0.0258;;sources said prime minister modi discussed the matter with members of the informal ministerial core group, which includes home minister rajnath singh, foreign minister sushma swaraj , finance minister arun jaitley and road transport minister nitin gadkari .
;;-0.4215;;a senior official said hazare is unhappy over the manner in which the nda government has dealt with his letters to prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4215;;ever since modi took over the reins in 2014, anna hazare had written 43 letters to modi , but so far, there was no response.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi does not interfere with anybodys business.
;;0.5423;;new delhi: prime minister modi is expected to attend a meeting of bjp's jammu and kashmir core group called here on tuesday, with top party leaders, including its chief amit shah, set to discuss political atmosphere and party's preparedness for assembly elections whenever they are held, sources said.
;;0.5423;;the likely presence of modi and shah in the meeting is significant and hints at the party gearing up for the state assembly elections, whose schedule will be finalised by the election commission after it receives a go-ahead from the central and state governments on law and order situation.
;;-0.296;;co/jizbpune2d  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1567933252000new delhi: taking a dig at the modi government, congress leader rahul gandhi on sunday congratulated it on 100 days of no development.
;;0.0;;the nda government led by prime minister modi completed 100 days after coming to power for a second consecutive term with a massive mandate.
;;-0.7717;;when i saw followers of prime minister modi celebrating her murder, i wanted him to condemn such actions because they were wrong.
;;0.9325;;by iansnew delhi: prime minister modi met newly crowned world champion p.v. sindhu and said the star shuttler has made india proud by becoming the first indian to win gold at bwf world championships.
;;0.8625;;it has not been withdrawn even after a framework agreement was signed on august 3, 2015 by naga insurgent group nscn-im general secretary thuingaleng muivah and government interlocutor r n ravi in presence of prime minister modi the framework agreement came after over 80 rounds of negotiations spanning 18 years with the first breakthrough in 1997 when the ceasefire agreement was sealed after decades of insurgency in nagaland.
;;-0.4767;;read morenew delhi: the congress on tuesday accused the modi government of being anti-dalit and demanded that the guru ravidas temple in delhi's tughlaqabad area be rebuilt.
;;0.5106;;the demolition of the temple in a forest area in tughlakabad led to a big controversy, with the aap seeking prime minister modi 's intervention in ensuring that the land be given back to the community to rebuild the place of worship.
;;0.5994;;the three-time bathinda mp thanked prime minister modi for fulfilling the promise made to the sikh community by initiating the process of refunding the goods and services tax (gst) imposed on religious institutions.
;;0.7096;;after his government pulled the beacon privileges, prime minister modi tweeted that every indian is a vip.
;;0.0;;prior to the assembly polls (in bihar), prime minister modi indulged in auctioning.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: on the occasion of international yoga day, union minister smriti irani on wednesday vowed to practice yoga every day and lauded prime minister modi for his idea of celebrating it every year.
;;0.0;;the first international day of yoga was observed all over the world on june 21, 2015, when over 30,000 people including prime minister modi performed yoga at the rajpath in new delhi.
;;0.4215;;the idea of international day of yoga was first proposed by prime minister modi during his speech at the united nations general assembly (unga) on 27 september 2014.
;;0.3612;;the hearing on friday assumes importance as prime minister modi on tuesday suggested any decision on an ordinance on ram temple in ayodhya can happen only after the completion of the judicial process.
;;0.2023;;washington: prime minister modi and president donald trump are scheduled to meet twice in less than a week this month, india's top envoy to america has said, asserting that the india-us strategic relationship has the potential to become the defining partnership within this century.
;;0.0;;since his re-election in may this year, prime minister modi has met president trump twice.
;;-0.4404;;and later this week when modi arrives in the us, they are scheduled to meet twice more, india's ambassador to the us harsh vardhan shringla told a washington audience on wednesday.
;;0.0387;;modi and trump's predecessor barack obama have the record of maximum number of meetings between the leaders of the two countries, but this is the first time that the indian prime minister and the american president would be meeting four times within a span of four months.
;;0.34;;modinew delhi: pitching for development initiatives in jammu and kashmir , prime minister modi on wednesday asked union ministers to work on schemes and projects for the region, and also called for engaging with officials and students from the state who are currently based in different parts of the country.
;;0.8176;;panaji: in a letter to prime minister modi and union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari, the congress has suggested that the cable-stayed mandovi bridge and the under-construction zuari bridge be named after goas first chief minister dayanand bandodkar and goas first opposition leader dr jack de sequeiranaming the new bridges after such eminent goans would be the perfect way for goans to connect to their past as well as help future generations recall history, said opposition leader chandrakant kavlekar.
;;-0.128;;chennai: a day after the centre introduced rules that would force beef dishes off the menu, more than 50 people from the indian national league protested on venkatnarayana road in t nagar, raising slogans against prime minister modi and burning his effigy.
;;0.3612;;at around 5pm, more than 50 people got off from a van near dr natesan park raising slogans against modi for introducting rules prohibiting sale of animals such as cows, bulls, bullocks, buffalo, calves and camels for slaughter at livestock markets and religious slaughter at fairs and festivals.
;;0.4019;;their talk of high moral values has crumbled after audio tapes emerged on how  at the behest of prime minister modi  a blatant attempt was made to purchase the mlas.
;;0.0772;;post cards were sent to prime minister modi with a common text demanding to constitute an independent body for enabling tamil nadu to receive its due share in river cauvery.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and trump, at the g20 meeting on friday, agreed for an early meeting of their commerce ministers to sort out concerns over bilateral trade disputes.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi: prime minister modi attacked congress for the logjam in parliament , saying democracy reached its lowest point in the budget session due to congress arrogance  and urged party mps to convey to the public how the main opposition had acted.
;;-0.5994;;it will expose the negativity that the congress has spread, modi added.
;;0.8764;;later, in a video address to party workers, modi again targeted congress, saying bjp was the only party to follow democratic values in the true sense and did not swear by dynasty and caste driven politics.
;;0.1027;;india and russia signed a $5 billion s-400 air defence system deal in october last year after wide-ranging talks between prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;as prime minister modi begins his second term.
;;0.8979;;properly conducted trade can be a huge strength to the relationship and that's certainly our focus as we begin our engagement with prime minister modi in his second term as how do we fix this part of the relationship, wells added.
;;0.0;;why does prime minister modi need to address dozens of campaign rallies when he is needed in delhi to govern the country?
;;-0.5994;;this story is from november 1, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citykevadiya (narmada): prime minister modi said here on wednesday that the 182 metre worlds tallest statue - statue of unity- packed a potential to catapult narmada district on to the global tourism map.
;;0.0516;;in his speech, modi stressed that the statue would generate immense employment opportunities for the local tribals living near the dam in narmada district.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi chairs the fifth meeting of the governing council of niti aayog.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityhyderabad: after chief minister k chandrasekhar rao decided not to participate in the meeting of governing council of niti aayog, chaired by prime minister modi in delhi, none of the officers from the state attended the meeting.
;;0.7003;;this time he skipped the meeting and instead wanted to meet modi separately and invite him for the inauguration of kaleshwaram project on june 21and also seek financial support for various projects being implemented in the state like mission bhagiratha, mission kakatiya.
;;0.1027;;ahmedabad: prime minister modi and his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu reached the sabarmati ashram after completing the 8-km roadshow from the ahmedabad airport.
;;0.5994;;netanyahu and his wife sara had embarked on the mega roadshow after receiving a warm welcome from pm modi at the sardar vallabhbhai patel airport.
;;0.0;;the israeli pm is the third international leader modi is hosting in his home state.
;;0.0;;modi and japanese premier shinzo abe had held a joint roadshow during the latter's visit here in september last year.
;;0.0;;modi had also accompanied chinese president xi jinping and his spouse to the riverfront during the latter's india visit in 2014.
;;-0.3182;;bhachau (kutch): prime minister modi urged people of kutch to value each drop of narmada water as budget meant for poor was cut to ensure large budgetary allocations to bring narmada water to the arid district of kutch.
;;-0.3818;;modi was addressing a public meeting after inaugurating the third narmada pumping station at bhachau that will bring water for irrigation and drinking purpose to many parts of kutch reeling under severe water scarcity since ages.
;;0.7959;;at this time, do not forget the poor, pledge to use narmada water judiciously so that it greens your farms and brings prosperity not just to you but the poor as well, said modi.
;;0.0;;modi also mentioned the new bhuj bus port.
;;0.4019;;with holi and rang panchami just days away, water guns in orange and green with the tagline i support pm modi are flying off the shelves.
;;0.5106;;mumbai: notwithstanding the open exchange of threats between allies bjp and shiv sena about finishing the other off in the general election, prime minister modi may share the dais with uddhav thackeray while laying the foundation stone for the rs 55,332 crore mumbai-nagpur super expressway.
;;0.296;;if modi shares the platform with thackeray, it may be a sign of the allies making a first move towards a patch-up for the 2019 lok sabha election.
;;0.4019;;a bjp politician confirmed that modi may lay the foundation stone of the 700km expressway and did not rule out the possibility of thackeray attending the event as a special guest.
;;0.0;;sibal said mehrishi was the finance secretary from october 24, 2014 to august 30, 2015 and in between prime minister modi went to paris on april 10, 2015 and announced the signing of the rafale deal.
;;-0.4767;;rohtak: jats would boycott prime minister modi and bjp president amit shahs political events in the state to protest delay in the grant of reservation to the community, said all india jat aarakshan sangharsh samiti (aijass) chief yashpal malik on saturday.
;;0.4767;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh has written to prime minister modi seeking rs 1,000 crore for flood relief.
;;-0.4215;;nirupam pointed out that ever since prime minister modi failed on all fronts, congress has launched a campaign to dislodge the nda government.
;;0.4215;;on january 2, a cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister modi approved the proposal of the scheme pending since 2008.
;;0.743;;gandhinagar: tata group's outgoing chairman ratan tata introduced his successor cyrus mistry to gujarat chief minister modi in gandhinagar on thursday and is learnt to have discussed to renegotiate power purchase agreement (ppa) with the state government for its mundra umpp (ultra mega power project).
;;-0.3071;;the official note issued by gujarat government said energy sector was discussed with modi , but gave no further details.
;;0.4588;;it may be recalled in 2008, modi had managed to get ratan tata to invest in gujarat by just sending an sms, 'welcome to gujarat.
;;0.0;;singapore: prime minister modi on wednesday met his singaporean counterpart lee hsien loong and the two leaders discussed a range of issues, including cooperation in financial technology and regional economic integration.
;;0.4939;;modi began his two-day visit to singapore on wednesday by addressing the fintech festival, the world's largest event on financial technology.
;;0.5719;;modi became the first world leader to address the festival which was launched in 2016 and is in its third edition.
;;0.0;;modi met lee on the sidelines of east asia summit pm modi met with prime minister of singapore lee hsien loong on the sidelines of east asia summit.
;;0.836;;during his visit, modi will attend the east asia summit, an asean-india informal meet, the regional comprehensive economic partnership summit and hold meetings with global leaders, including us vice president mike pence before leaving for singapore, modi said in new delhi that his participation in the asean-india and east asia summits symbolised india's continued commitment to strengthen its engagement with asean members and with the wider indo-pacific region.
;;0.0;;pence will participate in a bilateral meeting with prime minister modi , the white house said tuesday releasing the schedule of the vice president on the eve of the meeting.
;;-0.4939;;co/qc8eae7iqf  inc sandesh (@incsandesh) 1519878987000new delhi: in protest against the government, senior congress leaderhas refused to attend a lokpal selection meeting to be chaired by prime minister modi today.
;;0.0;;today's meeting will be attended by pm modi , lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan and cji dipak misra.
;;0.8074;;new delhi: thousands of people braved the blazing sun on sunday morning to get a glimpse of prime minister modi and greeted him with a loud cheer as soon as he arrived to inaugurate the delhi-meerut expressway .
;;0.0;;modi travelled in an open vehicle on the newly-constructed expressway for six kilometres.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi (reuters photo)prime minister modi said that even those parties without president should send their representatives to the twin meetings.
;;0.0;;new delhi: asia's longest bridge on brahmaputra , which will reduce travel time between assam and arunachal pradesh by four hours, will be opened for public on may 26 coinciding with modi government's three years in power.
;;0.8316;;15km bridge by prime minister modi just before the monsoon is being seen as a big gift to the people of assam and arunachal pradesh, who either take a long detour to cross the river or spend over four hours crossing the mighty bramhaputra in a ferry, it has huge strategic importance as well.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 26, 2018prime minister modi may attend the celebrations.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi may attend the celebrations.
;;-0.6124;;talking to reporters on sunday, she said, when we have modi as prime minister and yogi adityanath as chief minister of uttar pradesh , it is shocking that there is delay in the construction of ram temple in ayodhya .
;;0.5106;;in november, bharati had joined the growing chorus for early construction of ram temple saying, i expect prime minister modi and up chief minister yogi adityanath will take a bold step for the construction of ram temple.
;;0.4588;;he said, modi cares for farmers.
;;0.7717;;palaniswami said the scheme was a godsend gift (varaprasadam) from prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;hundreds of engineers have been working round the clock to complete the construction of the new stadium, which is likely to be inaugurated by prime minister modi in two or three months.
;;0.0;;modi was the gujarat cricket association (gca) president when he proposed the idea of constructing a new stadium by dismantling the existing facility.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi has given a positive assurance and the central team, which visited the state, will apprise the centre about the losses, he said.
;;0.4019;;almost entire online campaigns are propelled by the prime party generals - prime minister modi for bjp and congress vice president rahul gandhi .
;;0.3182;;both modi and gandhi have a huge following on twitter where they exchange barbs.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister modi on wednesday had approved the proposal.
;;0.0;;by changing the date for the meeting to be chaired by prime minister modi , niti has put the ball in the cms court.
;;0.0;;the governing council meeting with modi as chairman wants a discussion on the countrys development agenda for new india 2022 with chief ministers and members of the think tank.
;;0.2732;;vladivostok: india is committed to becoming a $5 trillion economy by 2024, prime minister modi said on thursday at the eastern economic forum (eef) summit hosted by russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.3818;;india on thursday announced an unprecedented $1 billion line of credit for the development of russia's far east with prime minister modi vowing that new delhi will walk shoulder-to-shoulder with moscow in its quest for the development of the resource-rich region.
;;0.1027;;the stock of expired drugs has been growing for nearly seven months and druggists have now written to prime minister modi , urging him to abandon credit notes and instead replace the expired drugs with new ones.
;;0.2263;;new delhi: the prime minister's office (pmo) on wednesday clarified over the tour programme of prime minister modi 's delegation for april 12 which is being circulated on social media stating that the version was prepared before the latter's fast was announced.
;;-0.34;;prime minister modi will observe a day-long fast over disruptions during the budget session of parliament.
;;0.0;;an older version of the tour programme of prime minister modi's delegation of 12th april (defence expo 2018) is being circulated on social media.
;;0.2263;;this version was prepared before prime minister modi's fast was announced, a pmo source said.
;;0.0516;;a fasting prime minister modi will unveil the plaque inaugurating the diamond jubilee building, palliative care centre (mahvir ashray) at sriperumbudur, daycare center and nurses quarter at the adyar cancer institute.
;;0.4019;;earlier in the day, prime minister modi exhorted bjp mps, mlas and other party workers to observe a fast.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi deserves a lot of appreciation as he was the first to talk about make in india.
;;0.7506;;west bengal cm mamata banerjeekolkata: describing her scheduled meeting with prime minister modi on wednesday in new delhi as a courtesy one, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on tuesday said she would highlight various issues like funds that are due to the state during her talk with the pm.
;;0.0;;her missive to modi came after minister of state for home affairs- nityanand rai- had informed the lok sabha that the union government had not given its go-ahead to the name changing proposal of the west bengal.
;;-0.7184;;the meeting has heated up political scenario here as banerjee has been harshest critic of modi and the bjp since parliamentary poll.
;;-0.7481;;new delhi: prime minister modi today lamented that many people mocked bhimrao ambedkar and made efforts to ensure that the son of a backward family does not progress but noted that today's 'new india' is altogether different as it belongs to the poor and the backward.
;;0.0;;today our monetary policy, start up india, stand up india initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs, modi pointed out.
;;0.6908;;prime minister modi modi's election win last month consolidated bjp's power base and is expected to stimulate further foreign investment foreign institutional investor flows into indian equities are $11 billion year-to-date, surpassing the total annual tally in each of the four previous years and setting 2019 on course for the highest annual inflows since 2012.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet, chaired by prime minister modi has approved the motor vehicle (amendment) bill.
;;0.0;;on december 13, 500 iisc research scholars sent postcards with poetries and messages to prime minister modi , urging him to look into their demands.
;;-0.5423;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citysrinagar: perform or suffer is the message of jammu and kashmir governor satyapal malik for the state's bureaucrats and he says he has been directed by prime minister modi to build a badhiya (wonderful) kashmir where corruption, inefficiency and sluggishness will not be tolerated.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi (ani photo)shramdaan'active participation from people in 'back to village' programme in j&k'ranchi: the twin villages of aara and keram in jharkhand shot to limelight on sunday when prime minister modi lauded their water conservation efforts in his ' mann ki baat ' programme.
;;0.34;;modi also lauded meghalaya for becoming the first state to frame its own water policy and the haryana government for giving impetus to crops that consume less water.
;;-0.2091;;lucknow: bsp chief mayawati on monday hit out at prime minister modi over the rafale deal, saying that the chowkidar is important for the bjp/rss, not his honesty.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, mayawati constantly referred to modi as chowkidar in her tweets, a term which is most often used against the pm by congress president rahul gandhi.
;;0.25;;asking people to decide what to do with the chowkidar and his so-called honesty, the former up chief minister accused modi of using government funds to establish that he is not corrupt.
;;0.0;;located in the colonial-era barracks, the museums were inaugurated by prime minister modi on january 23.
;;0.5106;;on october 26, 2018, union minister of state for planning (independent charge) and gurgaon lok sabha mp rao inderjit singh wrote to prime minister modi , saying that the president of india in his address to the joint session of parliament of 16th lok sabha had announced an aiims in each state and later the union health minister had written to the chief ministers of 15 states, including haryana, to identify three-four alternative locations and provide 200 acres of land free of cost for the same.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi had also promised it right in the presence of lord venkateswara in tirupati during his election campaign.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi and bjp president and union home minister amit shah did not make a secret request to odisha chief minister naveen patnaik for the bjd's support to the bjp nominee in the rajya sabha bypolls, pradhan said.
;;-0.4215;;jain had met former nhrc chairman k g modi too, but to no avail.
;;0.6908;;now, jain has shot a fresh letter to prime minister modi seeking his intervention for justice.
;;0.128;;vadodara: congress vice-president rahul gandhi launched a tirade against prime minister modi dubbing him as a magician who is only resorting to gimmicks instead of talking about the future of gujarat.
;;-0.1833;;modi does such tricks as he doesnt want gujaratis to think about development.
;;0.3134;;scoffing at bjp for delaying its manifesto, the gandhi scion said the ruling bjp doesnt want to talk about the future of gujarat, while modi only keeps raking up global issues like pakistan, china and afghanistan.
;;0.0;;this election is not about modi or (rahul) gandhi.
;;0.802;;ahmedabad: just three hours after prime minister modi inaugurated a shopping festival amid foolproof security arrangements on sabarmati riverfront, a resident of vadaj area was robbed of by three men on the same riverfront near usmanpura .
;;0.4215;;i want to tell modi that pakistan would respond with greater force if that happened.
;;-0.4767;;amaravati: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on sunday questioned the rationale behind prime minister modi modis proposed visit to the state on january 6 and asked if he was visiting to see if the people of ap were alive or dead?
;;-0.2924;;naidu also slammed modi for visiting the state without fulfilling the promises made before the last elections.
;;0.0;;he said modi should clarify whether ap was part of india or not.
;;-0.4019;;he said modi denied justice to ap for the fear of the state surpassing gujarat.
;;0.4404;;the slain personnels wife, renu singh rana, thanked prime minister modi and the indian air force for the action.
;;0.6597;;vadodara: it was a pleasant surprise for 57-year-old ruksana sheikh, who lives in chhota udepur, when she was informed a couple of days back that she will be talking to prime minister modi through video conference on thursday.
;;0.5859;;read moremarathon meetingno need to panicdownload the times of india news app for latest citymysuru: congress legislature party leader and former chief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday locked horns with senior jd(s) minister gt devegowda over his contention that prime minister modi and bjp president and union home minister amit shah are not involved in destabilizing the coalition government.
;;0.0;;modi and shah are directing them.
;;-0.296;;meanwhile, devegowda insisted modi and shah have nothing to do with the resignations of singh and jarkiholi.
;;0.1531;;their verdict is modi for india and hd kumaraswamy for karnataka.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken during a bilateral meeting held between prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin in the port city of vladivostok in russia's far east region.
;;0.2732;;gokhale said modi conveyed to putin that the population of tigers in india has significantly increased in the last decade.
;;0.0;;b'embarking on his latest foreign tour, prime minister modi is visiting germany, spain, russia and france over the next few days.
;;0.0;;on december 25, prime minister modi had inaugurated the 12.
;;0.0;;#watch earlier visuals from eastern peripheral expressway; prime minister modi will inaugurate the 135-km https://t.
;;0.6369;;bengaluru: a day after his predecessor manmohan singh expressed concern over the dipping growth of economy in the country, prime minister modi on tuesday claimed that indias economy is flourishing under his leadership, besides contributing significantly to the growth of the world economy.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the first session of 17th lok sabha commenced here monday with prime minister modi , who is also the leader of the house, taking oath as member.
;;0.3818;;when modi's name was called out, members from the ruling nda thumped the desk greeting the prime minister with slogans such as 'modi modi' and bharat mata ki jai.
;;0.0;;give them something and get something in return, he said at the event titled 'economic priorities for the new government' of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6249;;he also said prime minister modi is committed to making the prestigious padma awards people's padma.
;;0.6908;;sources said that the congress had decided to corner the bjp governments at the state and centre on the issues of price rise, law and order and false promises of prime minister modi in hamirpur, party workers had raised the issue of lack of coordination between the party organization and state government in the past that resulted in the debacle in the assembly elections.
;;0.0;;sukhu said that on may 26, modi government would complete four years in power and the congress would organize a foot march against price rise.
;;0.3818;;we will also apprise the people about false promises made by modi to the people of state in the 2014 elections, he said.
;;-0.1548;;the bjp leaders claim that there is no doubt that after prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah, yogi is the most popular leader pan-india.
;;-0.296;;bhopal: senior congress leader and rajya sabha mp digvijaya singh on monday reiterated that the modi government is hiding facts on the situation in kashmir.
;;0.128;;on sunday too, the former chief minister had advised prime minister modi , union home minister amit shah and ajit doval to deal with the kashmir issue carefully or kashmir will slip-out of our hands.
;;0.34;;i appeal to prime minister modi , union home minister amit shah and national security advisor ajit doval to handle the situation sensibly or kashmir will slip out of our hands.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi (reuters photo)new delhi: prime minister modi is likely to launch the campaign against single-use plastic (sup) on september 11 from mathura.
;;0.7096;;porvorim: prime minister modi has already instructed the ministers concerned from his cabinet to come out with a solution to goas mining issue and we are optimistic of a solution to the mining issue coming by february 15, said union minister for ayush shripad naik on sunday.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 31, 2019prime minister modi at the inauguration of national salt satyagraha memorial at dandi on the 71st dea.
;;-0.25;;surat: without naming the congress , prime minister modi on wednesday lashed out at the opposition party saying that its perennial negative approach has only become more pronounced over the years.
;;0.0;;modi was addressing people at dandi after dedicating the national salt satyagrah memorial, which has statues of mahatma gandhi and 80 satyagrahis who had marched with him during the historic salt march to break the draconian salt law of the british.
;;0.6124;;but today, it has became a major (tourist) attraction, drawing over 5 lakh visitors every month, said modi.
;;0.743;;the crowd loudly cheered modi when he said even a 'chaiwala' (tea seller), along with other small vendors and auto drivers, would benefit from this memorial.
;;0.0;;bhopal: prime minister modi and chief minister shivraj singh chouhan will soon be part of kitchen decor in the houses of 2.
;;0.0;;ceramic tiles carrying pictures of modi and chouhan will be installed in every house built under pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay).
;;-0.5267;;prime minister modi is absolutely right when he urges muslims to keep the raging debate over triple talaq away from politics.
;;0.6249;;surely, modi is also right to argue that indian philosophical traditions are rich enough so that the impetus to reform can come from within rather than being seen as a foreign imposition, and that indian muslims could show the path to modernity worldwide.
;;0.0;;the first regional flights were flagged off by prime minister modi on april 27, 2017.
;;0.4019;;its equally interesting that the meeting will be happening just weeks before chinese president xi jinping is scheduled to visit india for the second informal summit with prime minister modi likely to be held in tamil nadu.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 12, 2019file photo of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4588;;chandigarh: prime minister modi will be in kurukshetra on tuesday to inaugurate and unveil several development projects, and for swachh shakti-2019, an awards ceremony to be attended by nearly 20,000 women panchs and sarpanchs from across india.
;;0.128;;the first edition of swachh shakti was launched at gandhinagar , gujarat, by modi on international womens day.
;;0.4019;;the stretch between the helipad where modi will land and the venues has already been secured.
;;-0.2263;;bjp leader mukul roy apprised prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah about the incident, demanding a cbi enquiry.
;;-0.128;;taking a jibe at bjp's poll propaganda on development agenda, nath said that prime minister modi addressed public meetings in chhindwara but did not talk about farmers.
;;0.7269;;the public has given a befitting reply by giving a send-off to modi ji in chhindwara, where congress won all seven assembly seats during recent elections, said nath.
;;0.4019;;co/tvgoguvk4l  pib india (@pib_india) 1526951288000new delhi: prime minister modi arrived here on late tuesday midnight after wrapping up his one-day informal summit with russian president vladimir putin in russia's sochi in a special gesture, president vladimir putin personally bid farewell to pm modi at the airport at the conclusion of pm's short visit to russia.
;;0.3612;;modi on monday held his first informal summit with putin and discussed a range of bilateral topics, including defence cooperation as well as global issues of common concern.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi also visited the moya russia-ethno centre, along with president vladimir, where he saw various ancient artifacts crafted by russian artisans and held talks with local artists.
;;0.0;;following the event, children took prime minister modi's autographs.
;;0.0;;one of the children brought along a glass slab, on which prime minister modi wrote a message.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi also enjoyed a yacht-ride in the black sea of the atlantic ocean situated in eastern russia along with russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.5106;;earlier, prime minister modi held one-on-one talks with president putin, in which he reiterated the strong bilateral relations between two countries.
;;-0.8689;;new delhi: congress asked prime minister modi if rioting and murder of policemen by vigilantes in bulandshahr is the change he promised in 2014 elections, leading the opposition outrage against the ruling bjp over public attacks by alleged gau rakshaks in western uttar pradesh even as former up cm and bsp chief chief mayawati blamed the adityanath government for patronising unscrupulous elements, the communist party of india said the up cm should address the situation in the state rather than going and communalising the situation in other states.
;;-0.128;;attacking pm modi , sibal said, you repeatedly promised 'badlav' during elections.
;;0.6249;;on the launch of the applications, chief post master general dr sarita singh said that in order to fulfil the ambitious digital india programme and prime minister modi 's vision of 'digital india', 42 post offices across the state will go the digital way.
;;0.0772;;the photo that the accused morphed and released on social networking sites like facebook was clicked in kanyakumari district recently when the chief minister received prime minister modi during the latters visit to the district.
;;0.0;;(with agency inputs)* prime minister modi on thursday embarked on a two-day state visit to france during which he will hold talks with french president emmanuel macron .
;;0.0;;after arriving in france, pm will hold talks with macron, who will also host a working dinner for modi.
;;-0.6486;;* on friday, modi will meet french prime minister edouard charles philippe, address an event of indian community at the unesco headquarters in paris , and also inaugurate a memorial in nid d'aigle for indian victims of two tragic air crashes of air india flights in 1950 and 1966.
;;0.0;;* from france, modi will on friday arrive in the uae where he would receive the 'order of zayed' , the highest civil decoration of the country.
;;0.4767;;* modi would also meet the crown prince of abu dhabi, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan to discuss bilateral, regional and international matters of mutual interest.
;;-0.0516;;* from the uae, modi will leave for bahrain on august 24 on a two-day visit, which will be the first ever prime ministerial visit from india to the gulf nation.
;;0.6249;;* in bahrain, modi will hold talks with his counterpart prince shaikh khalifa bin salman al khalifa on entire spectrum of bilateral relations as well as on regional and international issues of mutual interest.
;;0.0;;the next day, prime minister modi will participate in sessions on environment, climate, oceans and digital transformation.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 13, 2018prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi/ new delhi: prime minister modi on monday received a vessel carrying 16 truckloads of food and beverage consignments in containers at varanasi, which came through ganga from haldia, and termed this as the beginning of a next generation transport network in india.
;;0.2263;;industrialists and exporters of the region hailed modi for making varanasi a gateway of the first modern water transport system of the country.
;;0.9287;;co/crpl9ibuwv  ani (@ani) 1560939466000new delhi: union minister and republican party of india leader ramdas athawale on wednesday left members of the lok sabha , including prime minister modi , in peels of laughter with his witty remarks, some aimed at congress president rahul gandhi in his congratulatory remarks after the unanimous election of om birla as lok sabha speaker, athawale, who has a knack for spontaneous humour, said he is happy that rahul got a chance to sit in lok sabha though as an opposition member.
;;-0.34;;referring to prime minister modi 's address to the nation on august 8, in which he stressed early conduct of the elections, the governor asked kumar to expedite the process.
;;-0.4939;;there is no need for any agitation on the ganga (river) and the ram temple (as) we have (uttar pradesh chief minister) yogi adityanath in the state and modiji (prime minister modi modi) at the centre, she added.
;;0.128;;aizawl: on his maiden visit to mizoram on saturday, prime minister modi launched a scheme to address infrastructural gaps in the northeast region.
;;-0.4215;;bengaluru: in a strong rebuttal to prime minister modi , who recently questioned the state of bengalurus infrastructure, congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday said that doubting the state capitals development is an insult to the city and its maker kempegowda.
;;0.34;;bengaluru is the pride of india and it developed as the it capital much before modi became the pm.
;;-0.3089;;he said bengaluru was generating rs 3 lakh crore revenue through it exports and the city became the startup hub without any help from the modi government at the centre.
;;0.0;;co/xwqsz1fpi1  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566455377000new delhi: prime minister modi on thursday emplaned for paris for the first leg of his three-nation visit to france, the uae and bahrain from august 22 to 26.
;;0.4019;;the prime minister will arrive in france on thursday evening and will straightaway head to talks with french president emmanuel macron, who will also host a special dinner for modi at the chateau de chantilly, a 19th-century site located in oise, 60 km from paris.
;;-0.3182;;on the second day, modi will meet prime minister edouard charles philippe and unesco director-general audrey azoulay during his visit to france, the prime minister is also scheduled to address the indian community in paris and also inaugurate the memorial for the indian victims of the air india crashes at nid d'aigle.
;;0.0;;on 22-23 august 2019, i would have bilateral meetings in france, including a summit interaction with president emmanuel macron and a meeting with prime minister philippe, said modi in a statement before departure.
;;0.0;;on august 24, modi will visit the kingdom of bahrain, where he will meet prime minister prince shaikh khalifa bin salman al khalifa.
;;0.25;;new delhi: close on the heels of national security adviser ajit doval, external affairs minister s. jaishankar will pay a two-day visit to moscow from august 27 in preparation for prime minister modi 's visit to vladivostok next month.
;;0.0;;modi is travelling to vladivostok to participate as chief guest at the 5th eastern economic forum and the 20th annual bilateral summit between the two countries.
;;0.7717;;ayodhya is known because of maryada purushottam sri ram, yogi stressed as he praised prime minister modi for working to revive the glory of the city.
;;0.743;;prime minister modi tweeted: it is a matter of immense joy and pride that mrs. kim jung-sook, first lady of the republic of korea visited ayodhya and also wore traditional indian clothing.
;;0.7506;;panaji: prime minister modi modis assurance of resuming mining by arriving at a judicial solution has come 11 months too late, the congress party said, adding that the bjp is trying to mislead mining dependants.
;;0.0;;modi spoke for the first time on goas mining issue through video conferencing on sunday.
;;0.0;;chodankar alleged that the entire eight-minute interaction on sunday between modi and mining dependants, was staged.
;;0.1027;;new delhi: prime minister modi on friday approved ex-gratia relief of rs 2 lakh each for the kin of those killed in the thunderstorm that hit various north indian states, particularly uttar pradesh and rajasthan , on may 2.
;;-0.4588;;modi also cleared rs 50,000 each for the seriously injured.
;;0.296;;echoing the statements made by cpm state secretary modi on monday, the chief minister said not even novices who are learning the ropes of politics will commit such acts.
;;0.0;;a pmo communication said prime minister modi , who will be in jalpaiguri on friday, will inaugurate the circuit bench  31 years after it was first conceived in 1988  after laying the foundation stone for the four-laning of falakata-salsalabari section of national highway-31d there.
;;0.4215;;even the much-hyped bharat interface for money (bhim) application, promoted in a big way by prime minister modi , is being used by just 2  of the retailers.
;;0.6808;;new delhi: an indian delegation, comprising of congress bjp leaders and others, is set to visit united states ahead of prime minister modi modi's address at united nations general assembly ( unga ).
;;0.0258;;through sitharaman, they are able to reach out to prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah, whenever there is need, said another leader.
;;0.2732;;at an all-party meeting called by prime minister modi in delhi, patnaik, who is also the bjd president, strongly advocated a re-look into the land acquisition act and the forest conservation act.
;;0.1154;;mumbai/new delhi: prime minister modi might have flown vvip flights around the world in in his forty two month long tenure, but the thirty minute long flight that he took on monday to travel the 180 km distance from sabarmati river to dharoi dam in mehsana will go down in the annals of vvip flying for a number of firsts.
;;0.0;;with it, modi became the first incumbent indian prime minister to be flown by foreign pilots onboard an american-registered aircraft.
;;0.4019;;said an aircraft charter operator, ``though pm modi was attending a function on behalf of his political party and hadnt boarded the seaplane on official tour as the pm of the country, the norm of using twin-engine aircraft stays.
;;-0.7184;;this story is from november 19, 2018new delhi: the congress attacked prime minister modi on sunday after he claimed that its former president sitaram kesri came from a dalit and exploited community, saying kesri belonged to the other backward classes (obc) and was not a dalit.
;;0.5719;;prime minister modi will host a lunch in honour of the crown prince at hyderabad house on wednesday.
;;-0.5994;;while the polls disagreed on the scale of the party's victory in prime minister modi modi's home state, not one suggested a close result, with the lowest forecast being 99 seats for bjp in the 182-member assembly.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi addressed the nation on sunday in the 52nd episode of his  mann ki baat  radio programme.
;;0.836;;here are the key highlights: pm modi in his address said that india is the birthplace of many great men and these men have done some amazing, unforgettable acts for humanity.
;;-0.6486;;in one case, an rss worker has dragged him to court for allegedly linking the murder of journalist gauri lankesh to ideology of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh and bjp, while the other case is about his remark against prime minister modi over the rafale fighter jet deal.
;;0.2023;;they further said that as construction of a permanent campus for the iim in sirmaur and central university has remained an issue in the state and parliamentary elections are due next year, there are chances that either prime minister modi or union human resource development minister prakash javdekar can come to lay the foundation stone of the premier business school before the elections.
;;-0.4767;;bengaluru: ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections, the karnataka cabinet has decided to counter prime minister modi modi's 10  reservation for the upper caste poor by forming its own brahmin development board in the state for the community.
;;0.0;;but, the centre had sought additional time of 10 days, citing the preoccupation of prime minister modi and others with the karnataka elections.
;;0.7783;;new delhi: after rolling out the centres flagship assured income support scheme for farmers on sunday, the modi government is now looking at the prospect of disbursing the second instalment of rs 2,000 each to eligible small and marginal farmers in april-may even as the election is on.
;;0.8555;;the disbursal will help the government argue that it is committed to the scheme and underline prime minister modi modis promise at the launch of pm-kisan at gorakhpur that this was the beginning and the benefits for the farming communities will be improved.
;;-0.796;;prime minister modi tweeted on his official twitter handle, the bus accident in gujarats dang district is deeply anguishing.
;;-0.4449;;the commissioner, who gave orders on disclosure of academic records of ba pass students of 1978-batch (the year prime minister modi graduated) of delhi university and summoned the rbi governor for not following supreme court on transparency, said the executive did not have powers to amend salary and tenure of information commissioner as per the 2005 act.
;;0.6908;;new delhi: security forces had gone into a tizzy when prime minister modi visited bijapur in chhattisgarh on april 13 to launch the ayushman scheme, following reports of strong presence of maoists in the area, considered the hotbed of naxalite activities.
;;-0.7615;;after the pune police recovered a letter, purportedly written by maoists, pointing to a possible plot to kill the pm last year, sources said there was no intelligence input to suggest a plan to attack modi during the bijapur visit, but the concentration of 200-300 naxalite was seen as an ominous sign.
;;-0.6115;;according to sources, a day before modi was to arrive in bijapur, intelligence agencies alerted about the presence of 1st battalion of peoples liberation guerilla army (plga) of maoists, headed by dreaded maoist commander hidma and considered the most dangerous unit in the area.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 26, 2018the first passenger train was which was flagged off by prime minister modi from dibrugarh on tuesday.
;;0.3182;;commend the valiant efforts of fire-fighters and those in rescue ops #presidentkovind*prime minister modi expressed his anguish at the incident.
;;0.0;;sindhu is scheduled to meet prime minister modi and union minister of youth affairs and sports kiren rijiju later on tuesday.
;;0.4588;;co/yqjojayohn  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561613127000osaka: prime minister modi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe held talks thursday during which they discussed a range of issues of mutual interest, the first meeting between the two leaders since the start of japan 's reiwa era.
;;0.7783;;modi thanked abe for his warm welcome to him and the indian delegation visiting japan for the g20 summit .
;;0.2263;;as uncertainty loomed in the valley, mainstream political parties started efforts to seek clarity from the centre with national conference president farooq abdullah requesting an appointment with prime minister modi the nda-led centre had recently announced that 100 more companies (10,000 personnel) of central armed police forces (capfs) would be sent to the state.
;;-0.5267;;in the threatening videos recovered from them, nia has found clippings of prime minister modi , senior bjp leaders, l k advani, rajnath singh, gen (retd) v k singh, vhp leader praveen togadia, and pictures of embassies of us, russia, france, israel and myanmar.
;;0.0;;chief minister and mnf president zoramthanga had met prime minister modi and union home minister rajnath singh to convey his stand against the bill.
;;0.2732;;calangute: deputy speaker and calangute mla michael lobo has urged prime minister modi and finance minister arun jaitley to further reduce gst on certain goods to usher in achhe din for the common man.
;;0.3818;;rama raos act can be seen in the backdrop of prime minister modi modis call to people to give a book instead of a bouquet as a greeting.
;;0.6597;;the social media team was recently lauded by prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah for their active involvement which resulted in the party bagging 104 seats in the assembly polls.
;;0.802;;horatti told reporters that he would discuss the farmers concerns with opposition leader in the legislative assembly jagadish shettar and impress upon him the need to hold discussions with party leaders to clarify whether the saffron party can prevail upon prime minister modi to intervene in the mahadayi dispute and resolve it.
;;0.0;;jaishankar, who arrived here on tuesday on a two-day visit finalise the preparations for prime minister modi modi's forthcoming visit to russia, said that i first came here almost to the date exactly 40 years ago and in 40 years lot of things have changed, the world has changed, russia and india have changed.
;;0.0;;his visit comes days ahead of the eastern economic forum in vladivostok from september 4 to 6 where prime minister modi will be the chief guest.
;;0.0;;the chief minister's office said the government had officially invited prime minister modi in april itself.
;;-0.5106;;taking a swipe at congress, he said, if anyone wants to learn how to weed out poverty they should take lessons from prime minister modi and shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.5106;;he lashed out at prime minister modi , saying that the indian pm and his supporters had badly harmed the image of india.
;;0.25;;bengaluru/new delhi: the slow pace of fitting out regional airports risks delaying prime minister modi 's ambitious plan to launch more flights connecting smaller towns and cities and get millions more people using air travel.
;;0.6705;;the programme, flagged off by modi last year, aims to boost economic growth by refurbishing idled colonial-era airstrips or building newer airports, and incentivising airlines to offer discounted fares to connect them with bigger cities.
;;0.7845;;the delays highlight the hurdles modi - who has campaigned on his ability to successfully implement growth-boosting reforms - faces as he seeks re-election in 2019.
;;0.5106;;ahmedabad: pravin togadia, the former international working president of the vishva hindu parishad (vhp), who on tuesday began an indefinite fast at vanikar bhavan  the vhps ahmedabad office  said that prime minister modi had breached the trust of hindus.
;;0.3182;;togadia said that modi had reneged on the promise to construct the ram temple in ayodhya.
;;0.4019;;naidu said prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah were visiting the state only to help ysrc president jaganmohan reddy as they know that bjp would not get even 0.
;;-0.0516;;ahmedabad: together, they are perhaps the most unusual group of campaigners in gujarats high voltage polls  a group of 60 wealthy gujarati nris who have flown in to, as they say, spread the word that voters must back prime minister modi and not be swayed by misleading forces.
;;0.3818;;patel told et, modi has given a unified identity to indians abroad.
;;0.0;;jashubhai says he has known modi since the latter was a rss pracharak in ahmedabad.
;;0.8047;;i cant contest from here but i came here to campaign for modi because i love this country and i want it to grow.
;;0.0;;patel said ever since modi took over as the pm, indian students in the us have one of their leaders as part of their assignments, rather than writing about american and other countries leaders all the time.
;;0.0;;'' suhel seth even addressed pm modi in his tweet.
;;0.8271;;the united states has deep ties to the nation of india, and i am grateful for my friendship with prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;in his speech, he targeted prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi: saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman on wednesday ordered the release of 850 indian prisoners lodged in his country's jails on prime minister modi 's request as the two leaders held extensive talks here, according to the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.1027;;on wednesday, pakistan had rejected india's request to allow its air space for prime minister modi 's flight to the united states later this week.
;;0.7717;;in fact, the uae honoured prime minister modi with its highest civilian award.
;;0.0;;nagpur: prime minister modi may have claimed that all villages in the country have got electrified but state discom msedcl says this target will be achieved in the state only by the year end.
;;-0.6808;;delhi/osaka: prime minister modi sought to keep the focus on terrorism when he met met chinese president xi jinping and his russian counterpart vladimir putin .
;;0.4404;;in his opening remarks here, prime minister modi said the trilateral meeting in osaka is a useful medium of discussion and coordination on major global issues.
;;0.0;;pm modi hosted russian president vladimir putin and chinese president xi jinping for an informal 'ric' meeting in osaka.
;;0.7783;;he said that prime minister modi , home minister amit shah and defence minister rajnath singh have been briefed on the rescue and relief efforts in karnataka.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said victory and defeat are integral part of life and he accepts the verdict of the assembly polls with humility.
;;0.3818;;modi congratulated congress and said, we accept the peoples mandate with humility.
;;0.7717;;modi tweeted, i thank the people of chhattisgarh , madhya pradesh and rajasthan for giving us the opportunity to serve these states.
;;0.4019;;the bjp parliamentary board comprises prime minister modi , party chief amit shah, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, transport minister nitin gadkari besides a few others.
;;-0.7845;;meerut: a junior bank manager posted at district co-operative bank (dcb) here in meerut was suspended after an internal probe found him guilty of making inappropriate remarks against prime minister modi and former finance minister arun jaitley during trade union protest on january 9.
;;0.0;;pti photomumbai: a day after prime minister modi asked loudmouths to refrain from making statements on the ram temple issue while the judicial process is on, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday said his party's stand on the issue mirrored sentiments of hindus.
;;0.0;;while modi did not name anyone, a section of the media claimed that it was a rap on the knuckles for the ally sena, which is often seen taking a strident stand on the ayodhya issue, seeking an ordinance to construct the temple.
;;0.946;;new delhi: body fit hai toh mind hit hai (if the body is fit, the mind is fit), said prime minister modi while launching fit india campaign on national sports day celebrated every year on the birth anniversary of hockey wizard dhyan chand modi said india's improving sports performance is a reflection of the country's rising confidence as he paid tributes to the three-time olympic gold medallist.
;;-0.1027;;modi added that india must address its health woes like many other countries are doing.
;;-0.128;;hardik said that they protested by shaving off their hair at the same place of saurashtra where prime minister modi had inaugurated saurashtra narmada avataran irrigation (sauni) project on april 17.
;;-0.296;;guwahati: prime minister modi was shown black flags in at least two places here on saturday for the second consecutive day over the contentious citizenship (amendment) bill.
;;0.0;;while hundreds of gauhati university students waved black flags at modi in jalukbari area, activists of the krishak mukti sangram samiti (kmss) and ajycp did the same at adabari and fancy bazar areas.
;;0.0;;the board, through its president, maulana rabey hasan nadvi, will request prime minister modi to review the bill in consultation with the aimplb and womens organisations.
;;0.5719;;another former chief minister h d kumaraswamy of the jd(s) had dared prime minister modi to celebrate 'kannada divas'.
;;-0.1027;;(ani)new delhi: the congress on tuesday panned prime minister modi 's reply to the motion of thanks to the president's address, alleging that he resorted to old evading tactics to hoodwink the common people as if he was still in election mode and failed to address the real issues.
;;-0.3818;;modi reminded the congress of the emergency, saying it is a blot on the democracy that will never fade.
;;0.296;;cong wants a split: meanwhile, cpm state secretary modi alleged in kottayam that opposition leader ramesh chennithala was bent on creating a split in kerala congress (m).
;;-0.9042;;co/fga3wskjbr  omar abdullah (@omarabdullah) 1525076204000srinagar: more than two weeks after prime minister modi slammed the rape and murder of the eight-year-old girl in kathua resulting in the axing of two bjp ministers in the jammu and kashmir government, the newly inducted deputy cm of the party, kavinder gupta , courted controversy on monday by calling the crime chhoti si baat (minor issue).
;;0.5994;;india had expressed deep interest in oil and gas exploration in russian far east during prime minister modi modi's visit to vladivostok earlier this month and sechin's visit was a follow up of that, officials said.
;;0.5574;;trump jr, who will later this week share the stage with prime minister modi at a business summit here, said that his company is very conscious of maintaining the value of its brand.
;;-0.1027;;he was previously the indias ambassador to poland and takes over present high commissioner to pakistan gautam bambawale in the run-up to the gujarat assembly elections, prime minister modi had alleged that pakistan was meddling in polls and had also questioned the meeting of congress leaders with the pakistan officials.
;;-0.4939;;udupi: prime minister modi lashed out at congress chief rahul gandhi on tuesday for insulting former pm h d deve gowda , indicating that bjp has kept a door open for rapprochement with deve gowdas jd(s), which is expected to emerge as the kingmaker in case the elections throw up a hung assembly.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi reminded rahul gandhi that he was just starting his political career and should imbibe civility as a virtue.
;;0.0;;shri modi had not long ago said he will send shri deve gowda to a retirement home.
;;-0.2732;;lucknow: days after two bjp mps wrote to prime minister modi , another parliamentarian from up's nagina, yashwant singh, has written to the centre on the increasing marginalisation of the dalit community in india while questioning the failed promises on pending bills on quota in promotions.
;;-0.1531;;chennai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on saturday urged prime minister modi to advise the ministry of steel and steel authority of india limited not to privatize salem steel plant.
;;0.8689;;in a letter to modi , palaniswami said the public sector undertakings were capable of performing better, provided they were given the right support and direction in a dynamic economic scenario.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister modi will lay the foundation for the patna metro rail project through videoconferencing at begusarai on sunday.
;;0.2649;;expressing his support for prime minister modi , he accused lok sabha authorities of not giving him enough opportunities to speak in the house.
;;-0.1027;;imphal: life was paralyzed in imphal on friday owing to a 'total shutdown' imposed by the coordinating committee (corcom) of four prominent underground organisations and other outlawed groups to denounce prime minister modi 's manipur visit.
;;-0.1531;;chennai/kanyakumari: days after congress president rahul gandhi visited cyclone ockhi-affected kanyakumari district, prime minister modi is expected to visit the southern tip of the country on tuesday to meet the affected families.
;;0.0;;chief minister edappadi k palaniswami is likely to accompany modi.
;;0.0;;dhumal said both the congress and cpi(m) are not willing to hold the civic body election after seeing the overwhelming rush in the recently held rally of prime minister modi in shimla.
;;0.6705;;jaipur: chief minister vasundhara raje on sunday said that prime minister modi has fulfilled the citizens dreams of 70 years in just 4 years.
;;0.0;;while addressing a press conference, raje said that during the modi government 22 crore people have been uplifted to the next level.
;;0.0;;indias credibility has scaled new heights under the able governance of prime minister modi , she said.
;;0.0;;the press conference was held to mark the four years of modi government at the centre.
;;0.3612;;this story is from october 28, 2018file photo of up chief minister yogi adityanathdownload the times of india news app for latest citylucknow: announcing that prime minister modi would perform the ground breaking ceremony for the jewar airport by the end of this year, up chief minister yogi adityanath said the international airport would be ready within the next three years.
;;0.2263;;new delhi: prime minister modi sought to put a lid on motormouths who have embarrassed bjp with comments ranging from a pakistani hand in the kathua rape-murder to evidence of internet in the mahabharat age, saying mistakes by party leaders provided masala to the media.
;;0.0;;while interacting with hargaon (sitapur) mla suresh rahi, modi went down memory lane as he recalled that people from his village used to visit sitapur in uttar pradesh for eye treatment.
;;0.0;;deb further said that prime minister modi has given a big push to digitisation by making it accessible to citizens across the country.
;;0.5994;;new delhi: with an aim to boost india's economic engagements and to invite more investments, prime minister modi will be undertaking a four-nation tour from may 29, starting with germany.
;;0.3612;;on may 29, prime minister modi will begin his visit from meseberg near berlin, where he would have discussions of regional and global importance with german chancellor angela merkel on may 30, prime minister modi and merkel will hold the fourth india-germany intergovernmental consultations (igc) to review the state of both nations' bilateral relationship.
;;0.0;;later, prime minister modi will call on germany president dr. frank-walter steinmeier.
;;0.0;;from may 30, prime minister modi will travel to spain.
;;0.1531;;among the engagements includehere, prime minister modi will be calling on spain king felipe vi during this visit.
;;0.0;;on june 1, prime minister modi will hold detailed discussions with russian president vladimir putin to take forward the dialogue from the last summit in goa in october 2016.
;;0.1779;;though the opposition criticised it as a small initiative, it should share what it contributed to farmers when it was in power, said prime minister modi 's brother modi , vice-president, all india fair price shop dealers federation, during his visit to the sri krishna mutt on wednesday.
;;-0.6908;;this story is from november 25, 2018shankersinh vaghela (file photo)former dhandhuka mla resigns from bjp, may joindownload the times of india news app for latest citygandhinagar: shankersinh vaghela , former chief minister and former leader of the opposition who helped the bjp in the rajya sabha and assembly elections last year, attacked the bjp on saturday and challenged prime minister modi on many fronts.
;;0.0;;targeting modi in his speech and tweets vaghela said, our pm modi , instead of finding ways to reduce the rs 2.
;;0.0;;officials said the date, fare and the timing of the train will be announced soon and prime minister modi will launch it.
;;0.0772;;surat: an aware citizen in the diamond city has written to prime minister modi exposing corruption in the railways.
;;-0.296;;no such thing with modi.
;;0.5574;;the app is a tool that modi employs to live stream his meetings, replug positive stories in the mainstream media.
;;-0.5267;;no mean achievement, but no patch on consummate usage by modi and the official indian contingent.
;;0.3818;;modi has aligned his political communication of twitter and the namo app with a thoughtful page aimed at the 1.
;;0.7089;;a recent forbes piece puts modi and other indian leaders as the most effective users of social media on the planet i agree.
;;0.4019;;the maiden session of 17th lok sabha commenced on monday with prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi, defence minister rajnath singh, home minister amit shah and transport and highways minister nitin gadkari among the prominent members who took oath on the first day.
;;0.0;;the reading itself is unremarkable, and tharoor examines the marketing of modi to an aspirational india.
;;0.3182;;from there, he hypothesizes that if the bjp were to return with a diminished majority, they may have to present another candidate as prime minister who may be acceptable to prospective coalition partners - which would, in turn, affect those who vote for the bjp purely because of mr modi.
;;-0.2584;;one little old lady sits next to him, asking plaintively, shouldnt we be giving mr modi more time?
;;-0.7845;;the sit should instead conduct a narco test on a journalist who is accused of planning to eliminate a pro-hindu writer and also a dalit leader from gujarat for conspiring to kill prime minister modi , he added.
;;0.7579;;london: british prime minister boris johnson on tuesday said that a big free trade agreement (fta) was among the key issues he discussed with prime minister modi during their meeting on the sidelines of the g7 summit in biarritz france , last month.
;;0.7089;;in response to a question on india-uk relations raised by indian-origin conservative party mp shailesh vara in the house of commons on the summit outcomes at the end of parliamentary summer recess, johnson said he had an extremely good conversation with prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;it will also discuss the issue with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.9451;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1565577756000new delhi: greeting people on eid al-adha , prime minister modi on monday hoped that the festival will further the spirit of peace and happiness in the society.
;;0.7717;;the speaker had also said that since mishra campaigned for the bhartiya janata party (bjp) and prime minister modi in the lok sabha polls, it indicated that he has given up the membership of his original political party.
;;0.0;;in panchkula, youth congress leader saurav garg, women congress leader sudha bhardwaj and others burnt the effigy of prime minister modi and bjp amit shah president.
;;-0.6808;;chandigarh: alleging that modi led central government has been desperately working to destroy the autonomy of independent bodies like cbi, chandigarh congress along with the congress units of punjab and haryana held protest outside the cbi office in the city on friday.
;;-0.25;;asha kumari, in-charge of chandigarh and punjab congress was present in the protest and she said during the entire duration of modi government, consistently the image of one or other such autonomous body is being spoiled due to the actions of modi government.
;;0.8316;;the congress party protested in-front of the cbi office in chandigarh, party workers said that the modi government is politicising the autonomous body of this country and the trust and confidence of people on such bodies has been distorted.
;;-0.872;;pawan bansal during the protest said that it has become a routine for modi government to destroy democratic institutions of our country, this move of the government is only to hide its rafael scam and nothing else.
;;0.4404;;pardeep chhabra, president of chandigarh congress was also present in the protest and said that people are not blindfolded by modis words anymore and this act of modi has made his corruption prominent and clear to the entire nation.
;;-0.6124;;on saturday night, gandhi said that some reports had come in from jammu and kashmir about the violence there and prime minister modi must assuage concerns over the matter in a transparent manner.
;;0.5719;;he said prime minister modi and president of republic of korea moon jae-in share a close bond which has infused the relationship with a greater sense of purpose.
;;0.1027;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country, adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities.
;;0.2023;;modi added that there was a time when startups meant only digital and technology innovation but now things are changing and we are seeing startups in various other fields, including agriculture.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is expected to return to india on saturday, after his three-nation tour in east asia.
;;0.8658;;in his speech, rss thinktank bhaiyaji joshi indicated the organizations continued support to prime minister modi saying bharats progress gained pace only after 2014 and the common man will ensure it is continued.
;;0.0258;;a bjp victory would spell another hurrah for prime minister modi , who spearheaded the saffron party's electoral campaign in the hill state, mounting aggressive attacks on the congress for its perceived corruption and misgovernance.
;;0.743;;new delhi: on a day prime minister modi sought positive and innovative arguments in parliament, nda prepared to counter the opposition over its bid to corner modi on his comments on pakistan and former pm manmohan singh by raking up a dinner for pakistani dignitaries by congress veteran mani shankar aiyar generally, winter starts with diwali.
;;0.0;;after she was elected, sharma had been campaigning extensively in gujarat along with prime minister modi for the assembly elections.
;;0.8555;;in a tweet last week, modi had praised sharma for the win, which she secured by defeating her nearest rival by a huge margin of over 1.
;;0.3612;;this story is from november 8, 2018file photobacheli: he looks like prime minister modi , dresses and speaks like him and begins his speech with 'mitron', but their similarities end there -- he is abhinandan pathak, a congress campaigner in the naxal-affected bastar region of chhattisgarh who says achche din nahin ayenge.
;;0.0;;during the last lok sabha polls, there were several lookalikes of modi , including pathak, who was seen in different places across the country during election campaigns.
;;0.0;;there is only one modi , there cannot be another, mandavi said.
;;0.9201;;new delhi: emphasizing the continued ascendancy of the bjp, an emotional prime minister modi on wednesday said the party was now in power in 19 states, one more than the congress at its peak under indira gandhi the pm also recalled the sacrifices of leaders who built the party over the years and exuded confidence that the bjp would win more state polls in the days to come.
;;0.5106;;modi turned emotional as he recounted his long association with party president amit shah, 14 years his junior.
;;0.3182;;shah, who addressed party mps before modi , mentioned the hard work put in by the pm for the gujarat and himachal assembly polls.
;;-0.2263;;narrating the painstaking journey of ousting the congress from its erstwhile bastion gujarat, modi broke down thrice as he recalled the contribution of several jan sangh and bjp leaders who worked tirelessly but passed away prematurely.
;;0.0;;booth level work, which is the root of a poll campaign, is the mother of an election victory, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar quoted modi as saying.
;;0.8885;;this was the first parliamentary party meeting after the gujarat and himachal pradesh results and modi shared his experience of how the bjp won gujarat for a sixth time in a row after being a fringe party in the state for decades.
;;0.5719;;modi recalled how former pm atal bihari vajpayee had patted his back after the 1991 lok sabha polls when bjp won 20 out of 26 seats in the state.
;;-0.296;;no one has been able to do what you have done, modi quoted vajpayee as telling him.
;;0.0;;modi was national general secretary and in-charge of gujarat at the time.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who was present in the meeting but did not address the mps, will also speak at the programme, a course on parliamentary procedure and rules, and also the saffron party's ideology.
;;0.2732;;top bjp brass, including modi , have time and again stressed on the need for the party mps to be present in parliament.
;;0.0;;modi has at times expressed his displeasure at the absenteeism.
;;-0.5789;;new delhi: the entire map of rural india on a government website turned green indicating the end of open defecation , as soon as prime minister modi announced in his historic houston event that the country had rid itself of this shameful age-old habit.
;;0.5106;;government sources said opposition was not allowing discussion on the motion of thanks because it wanted to deny prime minister modi an opportunity to speak in parliament as in the lok sabha discussion.
;;-0.1027;;new delhi: india on thursday termed as unfortunate pakistan's denial of overflight clearance to prime minister modi 's vvip plane for his upcoming visit to the us and hoped that islamabad will realise the folly of its actions.
;;-0.25;;siddaramaiahdownload the times of india news app for latest citymysuru: former chief minister siddaramaiah on thursday sharpened his attack on jd(s) minister gt devegowda, indicating he (gtd) may have spoken to prime minister modi and bjp chief and union home minister amit shah about their involvement in stabilising the coalition government.
;;-0.8176;;co/b3drb9qfso  nusrat (@nusratchirps) 1563978497000new delhi: tmc mp nusrat jahan has written an open letter hailing the 49 eminent personalities who wrote to prime minister modi about alleged rise in hate crimes in the country over the past few years, and said minority communities were facing horrendous acts of mobocracy.
;;0.1027;;new delhi: after concluding his two-day visit to attend shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in bishkek , prime minister modi on saturday reached india.
;;0.0;;despite pakistan's request, modi did not hold any formal meeting with pakistan prime minister imran khan.
;;0.3182;;however, modi exchanged usual pleasantries with his pakistani counterpart imran khan in the leaders' lounge at the sco summit.
;;0.0;;even though india did not hold any official talks with pakistan -- who is also an sco member -- in bishkek, modi also jointly inaugurated the india-kyrgyz business forum with kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov earlier today, following which the new strategic partners held a bilateral.
;;0.0;;15 documents were exchanged in various sectors in modi and kyrgyz president jeenbekov's presence at a joint presser which followed the india-kyrgyz bilateral.
;;0.25;;senior congress leader digvijaya singh (file photo)bhopal: senior congress leader digvijaya singh on tuesday said prime minister modi has dumped former pm atal bihari vajpayee 's famous policy on jammu and kashmir by scrapping the special status granted to the border state under article 370 of the constitution.
;;-0.1154;;late prime minister atalji had said `jamhooriyat, kashmiriyat and insaniyat', was only way out to solve the jammu and kashmir problem but modi has junked it totally, singh told reporters here.
;;-0.5106;;' modi had rejected atalji's policy totally, the former madhya pradesh chief minister said.
;;0.128;;yavatmal: in a bid to revive its sagging political fortunes in the cotton belt of maharashtra, congress has decided to organize massive protests against prime minister modi when he arrives in the district to address a rally of womens self-help groups (shgs) at pandharkawda on february 16.
;;0.5106;;as part of the protests, congress men from across the district would welcome the prime minister with modi  no entry boards, said former social justice minister and senior congress leader shivajirao moghe here at a press conference on monday.
;;-0.6124;;modi has betrayed the farmers and he will have to answer for the anti-farmer policies, moghe said.
;;0.0;;the congress leader also dared modi to visit dabhadi, face the voters and explain to them what his government has done for the farmers.
;;0.0;;modi has befooled the voters during his first visit.
;;0.5719;;parrikar said he was happy that the new mandovi bridge, the foundation stone for which was laid by prime minister modi on june 14,2014his first official function outside delhi after assuming the office of the pmgot completed within five years.
;;0.9432;;i was more happy when i came to know that ghmc won an award for solid waste management than when i received an award from prime minister modi for administration, said greater hyderabad municipal corporation (ghmc) commissioner b janardhan reddy.
;;0.1027;;the triple talaq bill could not make it through the upper house earlier this year during the first term of prime minister modi 's government, although it was passed by lok sabha the bill was again passed by lok sabha last week amid a walkout by several opposition parties including the congress and the trinamool congress.
;;0.4588;;new delhi: germany shares india's concerns on china's 'one belt, one road' initiative strategic programme as a top down exercise, german ambassador martin ney said here on tuesday, days before the fourth round of inter-governmental consultations to be presided over by prime minister modi and german chancellor angela merkel obor is very different from the ancient silk road.
;;-0.0258;;defence, trade and strategic concerns will dominate the discussions between modi and merkel.
;;0.0;;modi will arrive in berlin on may 29 and head into a oneon-one dinner with merkel.
;;0.0;;his mother modi alleged that cops had picked up her son four days ago and brought him to the police station.
;;0.4939;;47 lakh farmers in gujarat will be benefitted by the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi scheme that was formally launched by prime minister modi from gorakhpur on sunday.
;;0.0;;they have decided to make a representation to bjp leader amit shah and also try to meet prime minister modi to push their cause.
;;0.3182;;prominent industrialists who showered investments in the presence of the prime minister modi were mukesh ambani, kumar mangalam birla, gautam adani , sudhir mehta and didier casimiro among others.
;;0.4215;;chennai: prime minister modi on monday invited himself over for a treat of dosas and idlis at the house of a tamil nadu woman who is one of the beneficiaries of the ujjwala yojna, a flagship welfare scheme of his government aimed at increasing lpg cylinder coverage among poor families.
;;0.0;;asked modi to rudraamma, one of the 14.
;;0.0;;asked modi.
;;0.0;;the conversation ended with a vanakkam by modi.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 6, 2019jharkhand chief minister raghubar das presents a memento to prime minister modi during the programme .
;;0.0;;we grew by over 100 , das said, while speaking before pm modi modis address.
;;0.7184;;the turn had even impressed modi so much that he thanked the crowdboth within the tent and several standing outside it to hear him.
;;0.0;;now that is changing under the leadership of pm modi , das said.
;;-0.1779;;5   today, he said, iterating how the opposition parties are targeting modi (pm) because they know, he is a threat to them.
;;-0.0258;;surat: tourism in dandi, the coastal village in navsari district that got etched on global map when gandhiji broke the britishers draconian salt law in 1930, is all set to a further boost when prime minister modi inaugurates the dandi salt memorial on wednesday.
;;0.0;;author of samantar drusti samagra vikasachi vandana navghare said she got the idea of writing the book from prime minister modi modis idea to launch swachh bharat campaign on gandhi jayanti.
;;0.0;;pompeo, who arrived here tuesday night, also called on prime minister modi in the morning and discussed various aspects of the indo-us relationship.
;;0.0;;the us secretary of state's meetings with the indian leadership are the first high-level interactions between the two countries after the return of the modi government to power last month.
;;0.0;;pompeo's visit comes ahead of a meeting between modi and us president donald trump on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka, japan, later this week.
;;-0.4019;;earlier, after paying obeisance at the golden temple, mann said rs 17 per day cash support to poor farmers offered by prime minister modi in the union budget was a mockery of farming community.
;;0.0;;he said the budget was nothing but another jumla of modi government.
;;0.0;;the announcement on thursday came ahead of prime minister modi modis visit to qingdao, a seaside city in china, to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation summit on june 9 and 10.
;;-0.34;;vala should immediately resign or prime minister modi or president ram nath kovind should remove him from the post, stalin said.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi on monday released the all india tiger estimation report 2018 and said the country had emerged as of one of the biggest and safest habitats for tigers in the world.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi is keeping tabs on the progress report and the team is routinely sending the pmo draft searches.
;;0.0;;the statue of unity is likely to be inaugurated by prime minister modi on october 31.
;;0.3612;;closer home, prime minister modi has repeatedly exhorted greater public participation for total sanitation, a call that he reiterated recently on october 2.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi: congress on wednesday broke its vow of silence on pulwama and launched a scathing attack on prime minister modi for his outreach to saudi arabia crown prince mohammed bin salman.
;;-0.7351;;congress dared modi to show courage to ask saudia arabia to withdraw or amend their joint statement with pakistan, which virtually rejects indias demand for declaring maulana masood azhar as an international terrorist.
;;0.0;;the gloves, however, came off on wednesday after pm modi , in a break from protocol, received the saudi crown prince upon his arrival at the delhi airport on wednesday.
;;0.4939;;on the other hand, jd(s) president and former prime minister hd deve gowda told toi that he would meet prime minister modi , and would raise the issue on the floor of the parliament.
;;0.0;;cpm state secretary modi had on monday said the government won't interfere in church affairs .
;;-0.5106;;jodhpur/barmer: bjp president amit shah hit back at congress president rahul gandhi for his remarks that the modi government turned the surgical strikes into a political asset, claiming that rahuls statement was an insult to martyrs of uri.
;;0.6486;;you people are happy that modi ji avenged the deaths of our soldiers of uri but this rahul baba was just telling people that he (prime minister modi modi) did the surgical strikes to win uttar pradesh polls.
;;0.0;;but this time, this was not the government of 'mauni baba' manmohan singh, but the government of modi , elected by you people.
;;-0.128;;and within 10 days, modi government ordered the soldiers, who avenged the deaths of our soldiers through surgical strike by entering into their own land, shah said.
;;0.0;;comparing between the bjp and congress, shah said that one side there is a band of patriots led by an apt and progressive leader modi , whereas the other side, there are those who misuse the power.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi has taken interest in the resolution.
;;0.6249;;singapore: prime minister modi today met his singaporean counterpart lee hsien loong and discussed ways to enhance bilateral cooperation in areas like trade and investment, connectivity, innovation and technology.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and prime minister lee had delegation-level talks said raveesh kumar, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.4588;;modi, who arrived here yesterday on a three-day visit, also called on singapore president halimah yacob after his arrival at the presidential palace istana, he was accorded a ceremonial welcome.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi was accorded a ceremonial welcome on his arrival at istana - presidential palace of singapore.
;;0.4019;;modi and yacob exchanged views to strengthen bilateral relations and explored further cooperation in the flagship initiatives of the government.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi called on president of singapore halimah yacob, kumar said in a tweet.
;;0.5719;;modi received a 'guard of honour' at the palace.
;;0.3182;;during his talks with singaporean leaders, modi discussed ways to further strengthen bilateral ties.
;;0.0;;modi is in singapore on the last leg of his three-nation tour.
;;0.0;;surat: navsari mp cr paatils announcement that surat-sharjah inaugural flight will be flagged off by prime minister modi on january 30 has left the senior officials at surat airport guessing.
;;0.0;;talking with toi, navsari mp cr paatil said, pm modi is coming to surat to flag off the inaugural flight between surat and sharjah on january 30.
;;0.4767;;it is just an inaugural flight and that the regular operation of the international flight to sharjah will start from february 16airport activist, rajesh modi said, the air india express is yet to get slot approval for its february 16 flight operations from surat to sharjah and that the inaugural flight will be flagged off on january 30 by pm.
;;0.8807;;ujjwala scheme +10 crore new lpg connections +new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said munshi premchands celebrated short story idgah inspired him to launch the, under which over 4 crore families have got free lpg connections since its launch from ballia in up in 2016.
;;0.34;;women from different parts of india shared their experiences on how this initiative has transformed their lives, modi tweeted later.
;;-0.5106;;the centre, while refuting all the allegations, said that the politician, a close aide of gujarat chief minister modi , has failed to produce any evidence to substantiate the claim.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping meet today at the annual shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit being held in the chinese city of qingdao .
;;0.4215;;these suggestions form part of the bibek debroy-led logistics development committee's report titled 'key challenges in logistics development and the associated commerce - policy reforms for ease of doing business/trade in india' which was submitted to prime minister modi recently.
;;0.0;;the line was inaugurated by prime minister modi , who boarded the metro from the botanical garden station and travelled till the next station, okhla bird sanctuary station, the only two stations on the stretch that are in noida.
;;0.0;;incidentally, telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao met prime minister modi on wednesday morning and the presidential notification came by evening.
;;0.4404;;panaji: goa chief minister manohar parrikar on saturday congratulated prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah for the party's good performance in the assembly polls in three north eastern states.
;;0.0;;margao: navelim congress mla luizinho faleiro on friday urged government authorities to inspect and maintain old sulabh sauchalayas (toilets) before undertaking construction of new toilets as part of prime minister modi 's mission of making india open defecation-free (odf).
;;-0.631;;but the modi government left these poor people to fend for themselves.
;;-0.7579;;meanwhile, congress legislators from amritsar and gurdaspur districts criticised prime minister modi for the meagre relief announced for the kin of the victims killed by the is in iraq.
;;0.0;;mlas sukhjinder randhawa, sukhbinder singh sarkaria and harpartap ajnala said, rs 10 lakh announced by modi was too little and too late.
;;-0.4019;;may mr modi tell us, what measures were taken except for telling the nation lies that the victims were alive while they had been killed long ago thus giving false hope to their families, said randhawa.
;;0.5423;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday credited sardar valabhbhai patel with uniting india after partition and said it was his timely intervention which helped save jammu and kashmir from aggression.
;;0.0;;modi will be dedicating the statue on coming wednesday.
;;-0.4404;;addressing a bharatiya janata yuva morcha rally at lakhimpur, about 400 km from here, shah said only prime minister modi has the political will to respond to such attacks through both diplomatic and military channels.
;;0.34;;the modi government never compromises on the country's security.
;;-0.4939;;be it kashmir or the northeast, our government is determined to uproot terrorism because at the centre, we have the modi government, not a congress government .
;;0.0;;modi has all the answers to all such acts of cowardice, he added.
;;0.296;;kolkata: there will be a strong presence of bengal in the singapore-india ceos forum on wednesday in the back drop of the visit of prime minister modi in this island nation for the second time.
;;0.0;;modi will be attending the 13th east asia summit there.
;;0.52;;despite its losses, bjp is banking on a campaign centred around prime minister modi to dominate these states while congress is looking to tap its rejuvenated organisational presence and pro-poor promises.
;;0.0;;the campaign for theparliamentary-- that camean end on saturday evening -- saw roadshows and poll meetings by prime minister modi , bjp chief amit shah,hief minister mamata banerjee and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath tmc has fielded apurba sarkar (david) against the congress mp, adhir ranjan chowdhurythe baharampur seat.
;;-0.1351;;asserting that nothing has changed for bjp after the assembly election in karnataka, where it failed to form the government despite emerging as the single largest party, he said the non-bjp parties will not succeed in their collective efforts to polarise a section of society against prime minister modi .
;;0.3818;;excerpts:one thing is clear after karnataka  that prime minister modi has a tremendous capacity to swing elections.
;;0.6486;;in tamil nadu, corrupt parties had an alliance and yet the country gave a clear mandate to prime minister modi in 2014.
;;-0.1779;;they (non-bjp parties) want to polarise a section of society by creating a fear psychosis against prime minister modi.
;;-0.6705;;i strongly believe the poorest of the poor, the middle class and aspirational communities will be with modi.
;;0.3182;;secondly, prime minister modi has a huge credibility with odias.
;;0.25;;we will go to the people with this plank of a double engine and ask them to give us a chance so that prime minister modi can directly monitor the development of odisha.
;;0.4215;;people will repose their faith in prime minister modi , not in me, kv singh deo, pratap sarangi, jual oram.
;;0.0;;75 , the number could go down despite intensive campaigning by prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi prominent candidates in the fray for today's battle include state deputy chief minister nitin patel, who is contesting from mehsana, alpesh thakor (radhanpur), and jignesh mevani (vadgam).
;;-0.1779;;the rhetoric for the second phase got vicious with modi alleging that pakistan was playing a role in gujarat polls through congress and that there was a plan to install sonia gandhis political secretary ahmed patel as cm.
;;-0.4767;;this evoked an angry response from former prime minister manmohan singh who sought an apology from modi for spreading falsehoods and canards.
;;-0.296;;former pm manmohan singh accused prime minister modi of messing up the economy with jumla policies while chidambaram asked what the heck have you been doing in the last four years, as congress tore into bjp regime over mismanagement of economy.
;;0.3818;;when modi was campaigning, he made lots of tall promises.
;;0.4767;;vladivostok: prime minister modi on thursday met his japanese counterpart shinzo abe and the two leaders pledged to deepen the robust bilateral ties in a number of areas, including in economic and defence sectors.
;;0.0;;modi, who arrived in russia on a two-day visit, is the first indian prime minister to visit to the russian far east region the meeting between prime minister modi and abe comes after they met at the g-20 summit in osaka in japan and on the sidelines of the g7 summit in biarritz in france.
;;0.0;;pm modi met with pm shinzo abe on the margins of 5th eef in vladivostok.
;;0.0;;following his meeting with abe, modi will hold bilateral talks with prime minister of malaysia mahathir bin mohamad and president of mongolia khaltmaagiin battulga.
;;0.0;;modi arrived in russia on wednesday to participate in the 20th india-russia annual summit and the fifth meeting of the eastern economic forum (eef).
;;0.5719;;on his arrival, modi received a guard of honour at vladivostok international airport.
;;-0.7845;;this story is from december 16, 2018k t rajendra bhalaji (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymadurai: minister for milk and dairy development k t rajendra bhalaji on saturday said that it is disheartening that prime minister modi did not visit the cyclone-affected regions in tamil nadu the central government should have declared the cyclone as a national disaster, rajendra bhalaji said in virudhunagar on saturday.
;;0.0;;mumbai: with the budget session of parliament set to begin on february 1, muslim women have written a letter to prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi urging them to collaborate to bring about a law against triple talaq (talaq-e-bidat).
;;0.0;;he is a key member of the prime minister modi modi's cabinet and presented his fifth and the present nda government's final full budget on february 1.
;;0.5994;;co/q9hynifcrh  ani (@ani) 1513399541000jinew delhi: prime minister modi today inaugurated the biggest power project in mizoram and said that he is committed towards the development and progress of northeastern states.
;;0.6705;;pm modi stressed on the need of innovation and enterprise to help promote the next big ideas.
;;0.0;;he was responding to a question about his meeting with president xi in buenos aires later this week on the sidelines of the annual summit of g-20 leaders, including prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8676;;read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:new delhi: the times of india ran a front-page editorial on july 1, along with the days lead story, welcoming prime minister modi modis call on mann ki baat for a national effort to protect and augment indias water resources and describing it as an extremely urgent and worthy cause.
;;0.4215;;in our editorial of july 1, we wrote, modi has shown that he can leverage his popular appeal to change social behaviour.
;;0.6124;;regarding the controversy with regards to inviting prime minister modi for inaugurating kochi metro , he said inauguration is a matter of propriety and he does not believe in trying to grab such opportunities.
;;0.0;;the local alliance (at kottayam) was made as part of this policy and this has been clarified by cpm state secretary modi , he said.
;;0.6597;;prime minister modi will address the summit on the opening day, which comes at a time when the indian economy is poised for rapid growth and has undergone far reaching economic reforms, such as roll out of the goods & services tax (gst).
;;0.0;;speaking to the times of india, the raopura mla said that in 2014 he had requested prime minister modi too that he should consider vadodara for an aiims.
;;0.0;;there was also set dosa with kurma for modi to savour.
;;0.3182;;modi was curious to know what this dish was, the assistant food and beverage manager said .
;;0.0;;a native of perambur in chennai, the boy received a letter from prime minister modi in reply to his congratulatory letter soon after the election.
;;0.765;;pm modi , in the letter, thanked the boy for his congratulatory message for the 2019 elections historic success.
;;0.7506;;the advocate had also received letters and greetings from pm modi , bjps president amit shah, congress leaders rahul gandhi and manmohan singh in response to his letters wishing them during special occasions.
;;0.0;;union railway minister piyush goyal had proposed conversion of the entire ground floor and first floor into a heritage museum but the plan was shot down by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.2732;;he will also pay a courtesy visit to prime minister modi following his landslide victory in the december 7 assembly elections for the second time.
;;0.0;;cmo officials said he will meet pm modi and some union ministers to discuss various pending issues pertaining to the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi himself has fronted the debate on triple talaq, while asking for it not to be politicised.
;;0.0;;the village, with a little over 400 households, came into the national limelight after prime minister modi mentioned it in a recent 'mann ki baat' speech.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was himself absent at the all-party meet, he said.
;;0.3818;;puducherry : prime minister modi described auroville as a hub of innovation in the social, cultural, economic and educational fields.
;;0.0;;modi arrived at auroville  the experimental international township in the outskirts of puducherry founded by the mother (mirra alfassa) of sri aurobindo ashram  after visiting the ashram and saice (sri aurobindo international centre of education), the school run by the ashram.
;;-0.2593;;panaji: goan beneficiaries of central governments healthcare schemes, who were invited to the secretariat to interact with prime minister modi , were disappointed as they didnt get a chance to speak to modi via video-conferencing.
;;0.4215;;modi interacted with beneficiaries of central government healthcare schemes at 700 locations across the country on thursday.
;;-0.4767;;i was disappointed that i could not talk to modi , verneker said.
;;0.8225;;margaos ramabai desai, was another patient selected by dhs who wanted to thank modi as she got free knee replacement surgery and saved rs 3 lakh.
;;-0.4939;;he added that prime minister modi had spoken to jaitley's family members and that the whole cadre of bjp was with them in this hour of grief.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi has been talking about the benefits of running a majority government from almost every stage.
;;0.0;;while trump will address indian-americans, along with pm modi , at the  howdy modi!
;;0.0;;i'll see prime minister modi and i will  we'll  be meeting with (prime ministers of) india and pakistan, trump told reporters in response to a question at the white house on monday.
;;0.0;;after addressing a record crowd of more than 50,000 indian-americans at the howdy modi!
;;-0.4926;;india's ambassador to the us harsh vardhan shringla has called trump's participation in the howdy, modi!
;;0.5994;;(photo: ani/twtitter)srinagar: signifying the importance given to jammu and kashmir by prime minister modi modi's government, union home minister amit shah on wednesday chose the state for his maiden visit after assuming office and reviewed the security situation.
;;0.0;;in separate letters written to prime minister modi and union minister of food and public distribution ram vilas paswan , the chief minister said the ccl gap could not be solely attributed to the punjab.
;;0.7351;;iaf sukhoi su-30mki fighter jets (reuters file photo)evaluation beginsindia moved a step closer to inviting bids for the purchase of 114 fighter jets, currently the worlds largest deal in play, as prime minister modi seeks to boost the capability of the countrys armed forces and replace an aging combat aircraft fleet.
;;-0.7003;;modernizing the countrys defence forces is critical for modi , who hardly signed any new major arms deals during his first term, even as twin threats from neighboring china and pakistan loomed.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah on friday asked party mps to reach out to the people to expose the lies of the opposition parties which have paralysed parliament for three weeks over various issues.
;;0.1531;;vijayawada: chief minister n chandrababu naidu on saturday said prime minister modi is visiting guntur on sunday to rub salt to the state bifurcation wounds and derive sadistic pleasure over the suffering of people in ap.
;;0.0;;naidu held a teleconference with tdp leaders here and directed them to hold demonstrations during the visit of modi , by wearing black and yellow shirts and releasing black and yellow balloons into the air.
;;-0.6908;;he said modi has been expressing his frustration and losing control over his tongue.
;;-0.7184;;modi will show the same frustration during the visit to guntur too, naidu said urging the party cadre to hold massive protests to tell the nation that a person, who has done injustice to ap, is visiting the state.
;;-0.4019;;he said modi was visiting ap to provoke the sentiments of andhra people.
;;0.0;;naidu said modi is coming to ap because of tdps dharma poratam in delhi.
;;0.0;;before the rally, modi will lay the foundation stone for upgradation of nh-31d from salsalabari in alipurduar to ghoshpukur in darjeeling, a stretch of over 155km, for rs 3,120 crore.
;;0.6808;;the shiv sena chief had said that with abrogation of article 370, which granted special status to jammu and kashmir, the modi government had shown that it was decisive in nature.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi is leaving for france on thursday on a bilateral visit during which further boosting of defence cooperation between the two countries will be discussed.
;;0.34;;training guns at bjp mps, he claimed that no other mp from haryana dared to express themselves in the presence of prime minister modi as they were permitted to open their mouth only to praise him.
;;0.0;;new delhi: a statue of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj was among the first of the gifts and mementoes received by prime minister modi to be auctioned at the national gallery of modern art on sunday.
;;0.0;;among other items that were snapped up by visitors on sunday were statues of gautam buddha, portraits, photographs and paintings of prime minister modi , a 3d painting of gaumukh  the origin of the ganges  a statue of mahatma basveshwara, swami vivekananda and a silver-coated shivlinga.
;;0.5267;;i am a huge supporter of pm modi and when i heard about the auction, i came here to buy something that could be, in some way, linked to him.
;;0.0;;these mementos have been with the indian government since pm modi took over office in may 2014 and include items from nearly every indian state and those gifted to him during his overseas tours.
;;0.0;;patna: senior bjp functionary modi on tuesday said rajesh agrawal, the chartered accountant of mishail packers and printers pvt ltd, an alleged shell firm run by rjd chief lalu prasad's eldest daughter misa bharti and her husband shailesh kumar, has confessed to enforcement directorate (ed) that he had converted black money to the tune of rs 1.
;;0.0;;if the committee does not disclose the anomaly in allotment of plots, i will do the same in a few days, modi added.
;;0.0489;;the chief minister said patidar leader hardik patel joined forces with others to launch a huge campaign to defame prime minister modi in gujarat, but it hardly affected the bjp.
;;0.0;;bhopal: aicc general secretary and former chief minister digvijaya singh on friday shot a letter to prime minister modi on non-payment of mnrega dues to labourers and small businessmen in the state.
;;0.6908;;prasad had made the statement during a press conference after tharoor quoted an unnamed rss source as saying that prime minister modi was like a scorpion sitting on a shiva linga who cannot be removed by hand or hit with a chappal (slipper) either.
;;0.5228;;the son of the soil, prime minister modi has given this gift to the people of gujarat.
;;0.4404;;chief minister vijay rupani also thanked pm modi for providing an aiims for the state.
;;0.0;;manish doshi, congress spokesperson said,pm modi , who claims himself as a son of gujarat should have allocated the aiims as soon as he became the pm.
;;0.6597;;pathankot: if the number of people at a political rally venue is the thumb rule for its success, then bjp and sad leadership are toiling hard to ensure a huge gathering at prime minister modi modis maiden rally at gurdaspur on january 3, 2019.
;;0.78;;it is not that only sad and bjp workers are willing to hear modi , but people from all walks of life and irrespective of party affiliations are willing to hear the vision of modi , said malik.
;;0.7506;;he said kartarpur corridor was a gift of modi government so not only the sikhs but all everyone in the country wanted to express gratitude towards modi adding that thats why the rally was named as dhanyawad rally.
;;0.4019;;senior sources in the party informed that bjp state leadership had also shortlisted names of its lok sabha candidates which would be discussed with modi during his rally .
;;0.0;;pm in pathankotprime minister modi arrived at pathankot air force base on thursday morning, while on his way to address jan aadhar rally in dharamshala, himachal pradesh, to mark a year of bjp government in the state.
;;0.0;;upon his return in the afternoon, modi met the officials of district administration before flying back.
;;0.4404;;a four-time member of rajya sabha, jaitley was among the bjp leaders who sensed early that modi had the potential to challenge the congress' domination of national politics and backed him within the party and outside.
;;0.3182;;as finance minister in the first tenure of the modi government, jaitley oversaw implementation of goods and services tax (gst), a major tax reform that had huge electoral implications.
;;0.0;;the sensitive decision of demonetisation was also taken by the modi government while he presided over the ministry.
;;0.3818;;he regularly wrote articles and blogs explaining the rationale of modi government's decision and was pivotal to the party's reach out to the intelligentsia.
;;0.0;;facing health issues, jaitley wrote to prime minister modi ahead of swearing-in may and opted out of the new government.
;;0.4019;;in a special gesture, modi visited him at his residence a day ahead of taking the oath.
;;-0.0772;;the senior bjp leader grew close to modi by helping him in surmounting legal challenges, which modi , then the chief minister of gujarat, faced in the aftermath of the 2002 gujarat riots.
;;0.0;;with his health conditions necessitating rest, jaitley was twice minister without portfolio in the modi government and later resumed his work as finance and corporate affairs minister.
;;0.0;;jaitley was thrice elected to rajya sabha from gujarat and two of these terms came when modi was chief minister of the state.
;;0.34;;hubballi: elaborate security arrangements have been made ahead of prime minister modi modis visit to the city to address an election rally on february 10.
;;0.4019;;special protection group officials inspected the venue where modi will address a gathering.
;;-0.6705;;varanasi/new delhi: in what appeared to be a dig at the opposition, prime minister modi on tuesday asked people to give the right punishment at the right time to those who mocked the countrys first semi high-speed train, vande bharat express , and the governments make in india programme.
;;0.4767;;gandhinagar: tata group's outgoing chairman ratan tata introduced his successor cyrus mistry to gujarat chief minister modi in gandhinagar on thursday.
;;-0.3071;;the official note issued by the gujarat government said energy sector was discussed with modi , but gave no further details.
;;0.4588;;it may be recalled in 2008, modi had managed to get ratan tata to invest in gujarat by just sending an sms - 'welcome to gujarat.
;;0.3182;;bengaluru: a city girl on tuesday got prime minister modi to counsel parents not to exert undue pressure on their wards for excelling in academics.
;;0.1779;;parents must take it easy to avoid any reaction, modi replied.
;;0.0;;pm modi and bjp president amit shah have hinted they will wait for the sc judgment.
;;0.6124;;co/2ssbhvfh4r  ani (@ani) 1521089521000new delhi: andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu today alleged that prime minister modi is using the same tactics he adopted in tamil nadu when he had supported the ops faction against the eps in the fued between the two factions of the aiadmk party, by pitting ysr's jagan mohan reddy and jana sena's pawan kalyan against him.
;;0.4019;;pm modi is trying to repeat in andhra pradesh what he has done in tamil nadu, he said during a teleconference with his party mps.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi met women mps of the bjp over breakfast at his residence on friday, the fifth in the series of meetings with a cross-section of parliamentarians from the party.
;;0.0;;an mp who attended one of these meetings said it was in the nature of an informal interaction with modi directly talking to them.
;;0.2023;;finland participated in the nordic summit with prime minister modi last year and has been seen as an important partner for indias development priorities.
;;0.7003;;download the times of india news app for latest citychandigarh: haryana congress president ashok tanwar claimed on friday that prime minister modi and the bjp benefitted their own capitalist friends in the garb of demonetisation in november 2016.
;;0.8316;;it is a great honour for us, said her son v modi , also a yoga instructor.
;;0.0;;nanammal had also dined with prime minister modi once.
;;0.6486;;new delhi: prime minister modi will meet leading economists and experts on saturday in the run up to the presentation of union budget 2019-20 on july 5 with the government looking at ways to boost growth and employment generation.
;;0.0;;modi had met secretaries of all ministries earlier this month and urged them to begin work on making india a five trillion dollar economy.
;;0.8442;;prime minister modi , who is on a foreign visit, had on saturday paid an emotional tribute to jaitley, saying he cannot imagine that he was far away from india in bahrain while his dear friend and party colleague passed away in new delhi.
;;-0.4588;;hyderabad: all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) president and hyderabad mp asaduddin owaisi criticised prime minister modi for his silence on the killing of a muslim man in rajasthan in the name of love jihad.
;;0.0;;, asked the mp addressing a gathering at teegalakunta at falaknuma, adding to that the modi was using such words for the sake of gujrat polls.
;;0.0772;;chief minister manohar parrikars torchlight agitation against off-shore casinos and prime minister modi modis promise to deposit rs 15 lakh in bank accounts were incidents that proved that the bjp was a master of cheap theatrics, said state congress spokesperson yatish naik.
;;0.0;;triloki nath pandey, one of the hindu litigants in ramjanmabhoomi-babri masjid case, said, every hindu wants prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath to announce the date for ram temple.
;;0.875;;hailing the renewed commitment of the nda government to double the farmers income, the cm said the new scheme, pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi, clearly reflected the pro-farmer vision of prime minister modi and would help realise his vision of doubling farmers income by 2022.
;;0.0;;he said modi had now given direction for india to move on the path of development.
;;0.25;;ahmedabad/dharoi: prime minister modi created waves on the concluding day of campaigning for gujarat assembly elections, on tuesday, as he took off on the maiden seaplane flight from sabarmati riverfront in ahmedabad to dharoi dam in mehsana.
;;0.0;;thousands turned up on the riverfront to catch a glimpse of the seaplane, which took off smoothly with modi on board near sardar bridge.
;;0.6597;;a special floating platform had been constructed on the river to help modi board the plane.
;;-0.4404;;the `plan seaplane was put into motion on monday by the bjp when ahmedabad city police denied permission to both modi and congress president-elect rahul gandhi for roadshows in ahmedabad.
;;0.0;;while gandhi concluded his campaigning by offering prayers at jagannath temple in jamalpur, modi made a splash by flying on the eight-seater seaplane to visit ambaji temple.
;;0.836;;places like andaman and nicobar islands, lakshadweep, our vibrant northeast, and places with water bodies, big dams and waterways will benefit from the use of seaplanes, modi tweeted.
;;-0.8442;;if the seaplane ride was undertaken by modi in place of his banned roadshow, it amounts to the violation of the model code of conduct and a violation of a number of provisions of the indian penal code and the representation of people act, said shantaram naik, an ex-mp of congress and the president of the goa pradesh congress committee the leader of the movement seeking reservations for patidars, hardik patel, tweeted: seaplanes have been in use in other countries for some time now.
;;0.0;;new delhi/agra: a day after its flag-off by prime minister modi , the vande bharat express developed a technical snag on saturday morning on its return journey from varanasi to the national capital.
;;0.2732;;he said ghana would also be joining the international solar alliance , the union of more than 100 countries initially proposed by prime minister modi , to enhance its solar energy production capacities.
;;-0.5267;;noida: residents under rajputana vikas sangathan (rvs) noida wing along with the rwa federation met city magistrate mahendra kumar singh on tuesday and handed a letter addressed to prime minister modi as well as president ram nath kovind demanding a ban on caste-based reservation.
;;0.5719;;kevadiya (narmada district): prime minister modi celebrated his 69th birthday in his home state by participating in a gala event organized to mark the sardar sarovar dams water level touching 138.
;;0.0;;modi speaks:in 2001, only 14,000 hectares land was covered under micro irrigation and 8,000 families benefited from it.
;;0.3818;;box:pm modi recalled his photography hobby after witnessing the picturesque scenes of narmada river gushing from the dam.
;;0.0;;new delhi: pramod kumar mishra has been appointed the new principal secretary to prime minister modi , an official statement said on wednesday.
;;-0.0258;;the minister fell ill during the meeting of the parliamentary party, in which prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah were also present, in the parliament complex.
;;0.5256;;download the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi: one of the most ambitious project for the tourism sector of the city, the virtual experiential museum (vem) developed at man mahal, will be finally open for the public after its inauguration by prime minister modi during his visit to the city on saturday.
;;-0.0516;;after one-hour stay at ddu-tfc modi will leave for police lines by chopper.
;;0.0258;;from police lines, modi will reach dashaswamedh by road to inaugurate the vem at maan mahal.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 30, 2018pm modi (file photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.802;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday said the achievements of his government in 2018 will fill everyone with glory, and hoped the journey towards the path of development will continue into 2019 as well.
;;0.6808;;apart from campaign videos of jayalalithaa and former dmk leader m karunanidhi speaking in favour of the bjp, the saffron party has circulated videos of dmk leaders m k stalin and kanimozhi speaking to prime minister modi when he visited an ailing karunanidhi at his gopalapuram residence in november 2017.
;;0.128;;new delhi: in what may clearly be construed as a pre-budget poll sop aimed at the middle class, prime minister modi practically outed the agenda for the gst council's meeting scheduled for saturday, when he announced that 99  of the items in the gst slab will come under the 18  or lower tax bracket  leaving only luxury goods in the highest 28  tax slab.
;;-0.4588;;new delhi: opposition parties on tuesday latched on to the centre's u-turn on fake news order, saying prime minister modi is losing control over his government.
;;-0.296;;congress leader anand sharma said it was difficult to believe modi was not aware of the order before it was issued, considering that all authority and decision-making in this government is centralised in him.
;;-0.8689;;coimbatore: dalit activist and gujarat mla jignesh mevani slammed prime minister modi for his silence over the brutal murder of rajalakshmi, who was beheaded by a youth in salem.
;;0.0;;addressing reporters here on sunday, jignesh mevani said the tamil nadu government was working as per the diktats of modi and bjp leader amit shah.
;;-0.3818;;modi made a lot of promises for the youths of the country but fooled them.
;;0.0;;lokendra singh, the noorpur (bjp) legislator from bijnore was headed for the summit to be inaugurated by prime minister modi later in the day, when his suv rammed head on with a truck coming from the opposite direction at kakaiyyapara.
;;0.0;;the celebration have been coincided with the birthday of prime minister modi who is likely to visit the statue of unity on september 17.
;;0.0516;;earlier, prime minister modi had claimed that no government has done more for dalits that bjp while up government said that 25 district magistrates and seven divisional commissioners are from sc or obc categories, making up 33  and 39  of the total posts, respectively.
;;0.0;;guwahati: ahead of her two-day visit to myanmar from may 10, the gateway to asean and the country closest to the northeastern region, which prime minister modi has described as the heart of india's act east policy, external affairs minister sushma swaraj on friday interacted with the chief ministers of the eight states of the region.
;;0.3384;;speaking at the meeting, chief minister sarbananda sonowal said prime minister modi has put development of the northeast region at the heart of the act east policy, which has greatly increased people-to-people-contact, trade and other relations with the asean countries.
;;0.0;;modiji (prime minister modi modi) did not give permission to satyendar jain who was invited to australia (to speak about mohalla clinics).
;;-0.4767;;sisodia also took to twitter to attack pm modi over it.
;;0.6249;;today, we add another six documents to our large and growing list of meaningful agreements signed during the recent visits of prime minister modi to bangladesh and prime minister sheikh hasina to india, gokhale said.
;;0.2732;;family of tabrez in jharkhand on mondaynew delhi: the bjp-rss combine on monday came under attack from political parties over the lynching of a muslim youth with leaders asking whether this was the new india prime minister modi had promised during the elections.
;;-0.9081;;in a veiled dig at prime minister modi , leader of the opposition in rajya sabha gulab nabi azad mocked his idea of new india saying old india had no hatred, anger and lynchings.
;;-0.7096;;several senior leaders including prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi , aimim chief asaduddin owaisi have condemned the unfortunate incident.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister modi , while speaking in parliament, said the incident pained him and advocated for the maximum punishment.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi was committed to maintaining cordial relations with all states, he said.
;;0.4019;;he exhorted party activists to go on door-to-door visits and publicise the 'pro-people' programmes of the modi government.
;;0.3818;;senior congress leader anand sharmanew delhi: alleging that the modi government used parliament as a rubber stamp during its previous tenure, the congress on monday hoped that this trend is reversed and key bills are not pushed without legislative scrutiny using brute majority.
;;0.6293;;the congress' assertion came in response to prime minister modi 's remarks ahead of the monsoon session that the opposition need not bother about their numbers as their every word is valuable to the government.
;;-0.4404;;union minister of science and technology, dr harsh vardhan read out a message sent by prime minister modi .
;;-0.296;;the bangladeshi pms first stop after arriving in kolkata will be bolpur, where she  along with prime minister modi and chief minister mamata banerjee  will attend the varsitys convocation ceremony and then inaugurate bangladesh bhavan.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: prime minister modi will address workers of the gujarat bjp and the national unit through a video conference on february 28, as a part of the bjps national programme sangathan samvad, mera booth sabse majboot.
;;0.0;;gujarat bjp spokesman bharat pandya said, on february 28, pm modi will address bjp workers at 15,000 sites across the country via video conference, as a part of the sangathan samvad, mera booth sabse majboot.
;;0.5423;;the congress is said to have dented its chances in gujarat after senior party leader mani shankar aiyar used derogatory language while referring to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;us secretary of state mike pompeo with prime minister modi .
;;0.3182;;co/lus78x57eg  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561525843000new delhi: us secretary of state mike pompeo met prime minister modi on wednesday and discussed various aspects of the bilateral relationship to strengthen the india-us strategic partnership.
;;0.0;;secretary pompeo called on pm modi to exchange views on various aspects of indo-us relationship.
;;0.0;;pompeo's talks here will be the first high-level interaction between the two countries after return of the modi government to power last month.
;;0.128;;kanyakumari: prime minister modi is expected to spend about an hour with families of fishermen hit by cyclone ockhi as well as affected farmers of kanyakumari district during this visit on tuesday afternoon.
;;0.0;;modi will start from bharathi guest house to kerala in the same chopper around 3.
;;0.743;;the chief minister appreciated prime minister modi for bringing in an investment-friendly tax reform that would be of immense benefit to arunachal pradesh.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will formally launch the scheme at a farmers' rally in gorakhpur, uttar pradesh, on february 24.
;;0.4588;;osaka: prime minister modi on saturday used the g20 summit here to promote india's traditional healing measures, yoga and his flagship ayushman bharat health scheme.
;;0.4019;;modi, who was in osaka, japan for the two-day g20 summit, also took part in a special session on empowerment of women.
;;0.0;;speaking at the third session of the g20 summit in osaka, prime minister modi mentioned his government's two healthcare services, ayush - alternate and traditional system of medicine and ayushman bharat - the world's largest health insurance scheme.
;;-0.7783;;file photobengaluru: former karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy stoked a major controversy on thursday by suggesting that prime minister modi 's presence at the isro headquarters on september 6 could have proved a 'bad omen' as the soft landing of moon lander vikram failed.
;;0.0;;he went on to add that modi came to bengaluru on sept 6 night to send across a message to the people of the country that he was behind the launch of chandrayaan.
;;-0.1779;;kejriwal also took on prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah, accusing modi of trying to shut down mohalla clinics .
;;0.0;;patna/new delhi: bihar chief minister nitish kumar , who skipped a luncheon meeting convened by congress president sonia gandhi on friday, will be present in the capital on saturday for a lunch hosted by pm modi for his mauritian counterpart pravind jugnauth.
;;0.0;;while the rjd boss has attributed the actions of the income tax department and enforcement directorate to vendetta of the modi government, jd(u) has refrained from endorsing the charge.
;;0.5719;;trichy: tamil people should thank prime minister modi for resolving the cauvery issue, as he found a solution to the century-old problem, said union minister pon radhakrishnan at mannargudi on sunday.
;;0.3612;;chennai: hours before prime minister modi modis visit to tirupur in tamil nadu to launch various schemes and to take part in a public meeting, hashtags like #gobackmodi and #tnwelcomesmodi started trending on twitter.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: the time he spent in meditation at kedarnath after the elections concluded was an opportunity to meet himself after the heat and dust of polling was over, prime minister modi said.
;;0.5106;;her formal entry into politics, vaishnav said, has imparted the much-needed enthusiasm to the party, which lost power in 2014 amid a historic victory of the bjp, led by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.296;;stating that vadra, unlike modi , is just a campaigner; there is no indication that she will contest elections herself, he said, in 2014, the congress faced three insurmountable deficits - of leadership, ideology, and resources.
;;0.0;;elaborating upon the role of social media in modern electoral arena, he said modi had already mastered the social media game, using twitter and facebook to circumvent traditional media gatekeepers and communicate directly with his online followers even before 2014.
;;0.0;;(modi currently has 45.
;;0.4588;;external affairs minister jaishankar's talks with wang will also focus on the finalisation of arrangements for chinese president xi jinping 's visit to india later this year for a second informal summit with prime minister modi the first such summit last year at wuhan city had set the stage for all round improvement of bilateral ties.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister modi , union home minister amit shah , lok sabha speaker om birla and union health minister harsh vardhan visited him at aiims.
;;-0.2263;;around 150 mining dependants demanded to meet prime minister modi , and question why it has taken so long to resume the activity.
;;0.1496;;jalandhar: in its first year of coming to the power, the modi government in 2015 had conferred padma vibhushan on parkash singh badal and in the last year of its five-year term it has conferred two padma awards, which might not have gone well with the badals as both awardees - advocate h s phoolka and senior akali leader sukhdev singh dhindsa have bitter equations with them.
;;0.4019;;both sukhbir badal and union minister harsimrat badal have reportedly not congratulated dhindsa for the padma bhushan or phoolka for the padma shri even as they make it a point to support each and every decision of the modi government.
;;0.3612;;when i called up prime minister modi and union home minster rajnath singh to thank them, they just said that i deserved it.
;;-0.0516;;the chief minister, who will leave for the national capital tonight, would meet prime minister modi and a host of union ministers during his visit.
;;0.2732;;tomorrow morning at 10 am, meeting has been fixed with prime minister modi , and on certain developmental works relating to the state i will be meeting several ministers, including the railway minister among others, yediyurappa said.
;;0.1027;;gupta hailed the decision and lauded prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah for fulfilling the regions long-pending demand.
;;0.4019;;priya sethi, former minister and spokeswoman of the bjp mahila morcha, led party activists outside her residence in purani mandi area of the old city and congratulated the modi government over the historic decision.
;;0.0;;the people of jammu are with modi , shah and the decision.
;;0.0;;kithana acha he modi!
;;0.5423;;co/4oow8spra3  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561783660000new delhi/osaka: prime minister modi ran a meeting marathon at the g-20 summit at osaka with nine bilateral meetings, two plurilaterals and one multilateral (brics) that covered a range of issues from trade, counter-terrorism, energy, climate change, maritime security and iran.
;;0.2023;;on saturday, modi finished with six important bilateral meetings with leaders of indonesia , brazil, turkey , australia, singapore and chile.
;;0.2732;;the new australian prime minister scott morrison tweeted a selfie with modi with the comment kithana acha hai modi and the indian leader reciprocated, by referring to morrison as mate and noting he was stoked about the energy of india-australia ties.
;;-0.1027;;modi began saturday with a meeting with indonesian president joko widodo (jokowi), who has also recently been re-elected and whose stress on maritime security offers synergies for india.
;;0.0;;altogether modi met leaders of japan, us, saudi arabia, south korea, germany, indonesia, brazil, turkey and australia and also had eight pull-aside meetings with thailand , vietnam, world bank, unsg, france, italy, singapore and chile.
;;0.1027;;with jokowi, modi discussed trade and investment, defence and maritime issues.
;;0.0;;soon after, modi met brazil president jair bolsonaro with a focus on trade and investment, agriculture and bio-fuels in the context of climate change.
;;0.5106;;in his meeting with australian prime minister scott morrison, prime minister modi had good discussions on enhancing cooperation in sports, mining technology, defence and maritime cooperation and indo-pacific.
;;0.7269;;modi also had pull-aside meetings with his singaporean counterpart lee hsien loong, with whom he has a good rapport, and chilean president sebastian pinera and exchanged views on strengthening bilateral relations.
;;0.5106;;download the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: a large number of visitors thronged the national police memorial museum, the first one in the country dedicated to police officers, on the first day after its inauguration by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5267;;the state police had claimed that all the four were intercepted when they were about to enter the city on a terror mission to eliminate chief minister modi modi.
;;0.296;;she is a force to reckon with in this constituency and prime minister modi modis public meeting in this constituency has only bolstered her electoral prospects.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 22, 2018statue of unity will be the worlds tallest statuedownload the times of india news app for latest cityrajpipla: if things go as planned, tourists could also take a flight to visit worlds tallest statue - the statue of unity - at kevadiya colony, which will be inaugurated by prime minister modi on october 31.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday released the commemorative rs 100 coin in memory of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee bjp president amit shah , lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, senior bjp leader lk advani, finance minister arun jaitley and minister of state for culture, mahesh sharma were present at the occasion.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said vajpayee as a speaker was unparalleled.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said the government was working to bring 50  of the country's crop area under a new insurance scheme in 2018-19 and would complete 50 of 99 targeted irrigation projects by end of this year and the remaining by next year.
;;0.4588;;underlining importance of brainstorming on farmers' issues, modi appealed to universities and institutions like iits and iiits to have hackathons on agri-technology and find solutions for farmers' problems.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister modi also approved that the final mbbs examination should be held as a common examination throughout the country, and serve as an an exit test, to be called the national exit test (next).
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi too has been unresponsive to hazares 32 letters reminding him of his promise of lokpal/lokayukta appointments, except for one acknowledgment on january 25.
;;0.6597;;hyderabad: on a day when prime minister modi threw a fitness challenge to all ips officers across the country, an ips officer from telangana in turn threw another interesting challenge to the entire police force in medak district .
;;0.34;;asked if she would take up the fitness challenge that prime minister modi posed to all ips officers, chandana deepti responded saying: why not?
;;0.4019;;the meet comes in the wake of prime minister modi calling a meeting of various parties to discuss the 'one nation, one election' issue, celebration of 75 years of independence in 2022 and 150 years of mahatma gandhi's birth anniversary this year.
;;0.4019;;modi has invited heads of all the parties who have an mp either in the lok sabha or the rajya sabha for the meeting wednesday.
;;-0.296;;they accused prime minister modi of trying to divide the country on religious lines and also not working for the welfare of sc/sts.
;;0.0;;pm modi inaugurates a statue of former prime minister of india lal bahadur shastri at varanasi airport https://t.
;;0.128;;co/xfuripkzam  ani up (@aninewsup) 1562390582000varanasi: prime minister modi on saturday launched a mega plantation drive in uttar pradesh by planting a sapling at a primary school in varanasi.
;;0.0;;on his arrival, modi unveiled a tall bronze statue of late prime minister lal bahadur shastri , outside the terminal building of the varanasi airport.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the country will need to grow by 9 per cent every year for five years continuously and raise aggregate investment rate to 38 per cent of gdp to achieve prime minister modi 's target of turning india into a $ 5 trillion economy, ey has said.
;;0.1441;;gandhinagar: pravin togadia , the former international working president of the vishwa hindu parishad vhp ), ended his indefinite fast on thursday, in less than 48 hours, without any assurance from prime minister modi modis government that a law would be enacted to clear the way for the ram temple to be build in ayodhya.
;;-0.7906;;he made an aggressive speech targeting pm modi , alleging that there was a conspiracy behind his defeat in the recently held vhp elections.
;;-0.6369;;speaking to the media, togadia took a swipe at the bjp and pm modi , saying they had proved as bad as their predecessors and failed to fulfil their promises.
;;0.0;;panaji: prime minister modi modis reference to judicial options in his eight minute video conference with bjp workers of south goa has proved the congress claims that the state government had received two letters from the centre on mining, state congress president girish chodankar said on wednesday.
;;-0.4939;;congress spokesperson sidhanath buyao tweeted that pm modi has decided not to open the third mandovi bridge for fear of facing the mining dependants.
;;-0.5719;;new delhi: in a fresh assault on the government's recent surveillance order, congress on monday accused prime minister modi of being a 'peeping tom' who is systematically converting india into a 'nanny state'.
;;-0.4767;;congress leader abhishek singhvi said though modi government had set out to create a surveillance state, it developed cold feet along the way and was forced to issue a clarification following public pressure.
;;-0.743;;post the december 20 order of the home ministry, the modi government is gearing up to take another unconstitutional step towards gross violation of people's right to privacy, singhvi said.
;;0.5574;;the congress leader and supreme court advocate also said if the amendments are implemented, modi government will hold the key to both personal and professional data of all sections, completely erasing the fundamental right to privacy.
;;0.6908;;in his letter shah reiterated the contributions made by his party for andhra pradesh saying that prime minister modi has always held the interest of the people of the state paramount.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi has left no stone unturned in ensuring the growth and prosperity of the people of andhra pradesh, he wrote.
;;0.4019;;earlier this month, tdp - which has 16 mps in rajya sabha - announced its decision to quit the bjp-led nda at the centre, a week after two of its representatives left the modi government and a day after ysr congress moved a no-trust motion against the modi government over the issue of special status for andhra pradesh.
;;0.8591;;co/vnpadiaxws  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1517202316000new delhi: outlining his government's agenda for the budget session of parliament, prime minister modi requested the opposition parties to get the triple talaq bill passed and expressed hope that the budget will further strengthen the growth of the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has given a call for a new india by 2022, with a focus on balanced development across the country.
;;0.0;;washington: us vice president mike pence would meet prime minister modi during his four-nation trip next week, during which he will also attend the us-asean summit and the east asia summit in singapore, the white house has said.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 19, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityimphal: prime minister modi will lay foundation stones for flood lighting systems at khuman lampak sports complex here on january 4, chief minister n biren singh said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;chennai: two years ago to the day, the morning after prime minister modi caused a furore across the country with his demonetization announcement,in chennai,the burned body of a transsexual named tara was found outside the pondy bazaar police station.
;;-0.4767;;on the occasion, the congress leader said that fake degree issue had started with prime minster modi , union minister smriti irani, abvp chief of delhi university ankiv baisoya and now rao narbir singh was also involved in this.
;;0.7269;;rijiju also spoke about government's ambitious project - fit india movement - which will be launched by prime minister modi on august 29 at the indira gandhi stadium here.
;;0.0;;he further said even prime minister modi was aware that aiims could not be built in manethi and therefore he did not lay the foundation stone for the project.
;;0.4019;;party workers, who squatted on the highway, shouted slogans against bjp leaders including prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.296;;hubballi: irked by the number of political rallies and frequent visits of vvips like prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi, union minister nitin gadkari and jd(s) state president h d kumaraswamy , some citizens of hubballi-dharwad have launched an online campaign demanding a ban on political events in city limits.
;;0.0;;bengaluru chose the infamous trio of kj george roshan baig and na haris , that prime minister modi said were defaming bengaluru.
;;0.4767;;on tuesday, baig, who was elected for a third consecutive term from shivajinagar, told toi: we respect the position of prime minister, and it was unbecoming of modi to take names of public representatives without any basis.
;;0.0;;amarkantak: prime minister modi is going to land some 18km from narmada temple on monday.
;;-0.4215;;flying over ma narmada is forbidden, says the priest who will perform puja when modi arrives here for the culmination of narmada seva yatra that has traversed a dozen districts in 148 days, touching crores of people.
;;0.6249;;earlier, prime minister modi modis dream project was waiting for crz approval.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will be at the isro around midnight to watch the event.
;;-0.8118;;the rajya sabha member said poor, women and youths are disappointed with prime minister modi as he did not fulfil the promises made to them during the 2014 lok sabha elections, especially in connection to black money, price rise and employment.
;;0.7783;;in respect to employment, modi assured of creating two crore jobs every year.
;;-0.6705;;his six-page suicide note holds prime minister modi responsible for his suicide, and asks union minister hansraj ahir , chief minister devendra fadnavis , bjp mla raju todsam and some others to take care of his family.
;;-0.9313;;chayares suicide note blamed prime minister modi for his plight, which forced him to commit suicide.
;;-0.6808;;chayares wife and children have decided not to claim the body, or perform his last rites unless a criminal offence is registered against modi modi.
;;0.4019;;the archbishop of delhi anil couto is not against prime minister modi or any political party.
;;0.128;;the governments move to set up the sub-committee under kataria is seen as one to engage the farmers before prime minister modi modis visit to shekhawati region, the hot bed of farmers protests.
;;0.0;;at a state committee meeting on february 27, the kisan sabha had decided to put forward the demands before modi during his visit to jhunjhunu.
;;-0.6908;;kolar: aicc president rahul gandhi on saturday taunted prime minister modi for lacking the guts to face the congress in parliament and using the nda allies to stall the proceedings in both houses, which were adjourned sine die without transacting business for 22 days.
;;-0.4019;;modi knows that well tear him to shreds over the banking scams and corruption in his government, he told reporters.
;;0.0;;addressing the last leg of his janaashirvaada yatra in kgf, kolar and chikkaballapur districts, rahul said: time is running out for modi and his government.
;;-0.4023;;india doesnt trust modi anymore.
;;0.4019;;referring to bjp national president amit shah terming the opposition party members animals, he said: there are two non-animals in the country, one is modi and the other is shah.
;;-0.296;;he said both modi and shah have sensed the changing mood and they are under pressure.
;;-0.7579;;ahmedabad: a day after the election commission of india ordered an fir to be filed against congress president-elect rahul gandhi for violating the model code of conduct, the congress attacked prime minister modi for breaching the election code by holding a  roadshow after casting his vote in the sabarmati constituency of ahmedabad.
;;0.4404;;ravani said, after casting his vote, prime minister modi held a roadshow along with supporters who waved bjp flags and wore saffron stoles.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi will dedicate the first ever 14-lane highway in the country to the nation on sunday.
;;0.0;;co/lzfzfgykud  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1527923187000singapore: prime minister modi , who is on a three-day tour to singapore, on saturday visited the changi naval base and met officers and sailors of the indian navy and royal singapore navy.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister modi also interacted with the officers and sailors on board the indian navy's shivalik class stealth frigate ins satpura.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 10, 2019the kollam bypass would be inaugurated by prime minister modi on tuesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had inaugurated the ic-iitp in july 2015.
;;-0.4939;;the chief minister said he would likely to meet prime minister modi on thursday to seek financial aid and that a survey is underway to assess the damage.
;;0.6124;;some of these leaders share close ties with prime minister modi and the commemorative summit followed by republic day celebrations will give yet another opportunity for the indian pm and the asean leaders to deepen that, said people familiar with india-southeast asia relations.
;;0.796;;it is not a widely known fact that as gujarat chief minister, modi was a visitor to singapore and was hugely impressed with the success of the nation.
;;0.0;;modi will visit singapore twice this year  in early july for the shangri-la dialogue and later in the year for the east asia & india-asean summits.
;;0.0;;modi had also previously visited both malaysia and singapore and hosted razak and lee.
;;0.4215;;president joko widodo will be on his second visit to india in less than two years and hopes to host modi this year.
;;0.0772;;she had a number of meetings with modi in the past, including during the pms trip to myanmar in september.
;;0.3818;;vietnam pms bilateral meeting with modi will be closely followed given continuous growth in strategic partnership.
;;-0.5574;;in a hard-hitting speech, stalin used the occasion of the unveiling of a statue of his father and former dmk president m karunanidhi in chennai to take on prime minister modi , dubbing him a 'nazist, fascist and sadist leader'.
;;0.0;;the event turned into a platform for modi bashing and projecting rahul as the future pm and leader of a 'powerful' opposition alliance.
;;0.6124;;the five years of modi has taken india backwards by 15 years and if we allow him to continue, we will go back 50 years, said stalin in a forceful speech that drew cheers from dmk and congress workers gathered at the ymca grounds in royapettah in chennai.
;;-0.1027;;modi has time to tweet about calamities and disasters in the us and portugal but does not even have time to share his concerns for the people of the delta districts in tamil nadu affected by cyclone gaja.
;;0.7096;;chennai: at a time when aiadmk ministers have been trying to distance themselves from being under the shadow of the bjp , senior party leader and rajya sabha member v maitreyan on monday praised prime minister modi for addressing a wide range of issues concerning the nation during his interview with times now.
;;0.0;;the three-time mp also urged modi to offer his personal attention on issues relating to tamil nadu.
;;0.7096;;maitreyan said in his facebook post, as for tamil nadu, even though the bjp has no significant presence in the state, the people of tamil nadu, cutting across party lines, had great expectations from modi when he assumed office in 2014.
;;0.2235;;in his facebook post, maitreyan further said, i had gone on record at that time that with a massive mandate if modi cannot deliver, no one can.
;;0.4019;;deodhar ensured that union ministers visited frequently, and prime minister modi and party president amit shah also made several trips.
;;0.0;;originally from maharashtra, deodhar was in charge of varanasi when modi contested the seat in the 2014 general election.
;;0.836;;regarding the apex court verdict on tuesday on a cbi plea against kolkata police chief, the delhi cm congratulated west bengal chief minister mamta banerjee, saying she had raised a voice against prime minister modi modis dictatorship and today she and west bengal have won in the supreme court.
;;0.0258;;in view of the stringent criticism of prime minister modi over key issues of public interest, what will be your poll plank and what will be the outcome of the polls?
;;0.7845;;in view of prime minister modi modi's decisive leadership, bjp is sure of a clear victory in the 2019 general elections as well as the subsequent state assembly polls.
;;-0.3182;;on sunday, when prime minister modi inaugurates the 10-km line from washermenpet to ag-dms, the stretch will stand testimony to a decade-long struggle waged by hundreds of workers, engineers and officers, as the 45km phase i will be completely operational.
;;0.3182;;the right-wing party shares an uneasy alliance with the bjp in the state and has been vocal in opposing some of prime minister modi 's policies.
;;0.0;;the order has been issued by the appointments committee of the cabinet (acc) that is headed by prime minister modi and has home minister amit shah as its member.
;;0.0;;patna: urban development and housing department (udhd) minister suresh sharma on tuesday said prime minister modi might lay the foundation stone of the patna metro rail project during his patna visit on march 3 to address an nda rally.
;;0.4019;;sharma said chief minister nitish kumar has also expressed his desire to get the foundation of the metro project laid by pm modi on march 3.
;;0.4215;;sonia gandhi (ani photo)congress president smt sonia gandhi has extended her greetings to prime minister, modi on his birthda https://t.
;;0.4215;;co/mann4zqe6z  congress (@incindia) 1568694852000new delhi: congress president sonia gandhi on tuesday extended greetings to prime minister modi on his 69th birthday.
;;0.4215;;congress president smt sonia gandhi has extended her greetings to prime minister, modi on his birthday.
;;0.4019;;several ministers and senior bjp leaders took to social media to wish pm modi.
;;0.0;;he said the wuhan summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping in the chinese city of wuhan in april last year has opened up a world of new convergences.
;;0.0;;pm modi has invited president xi for the 2nd informal summit in india.
;;0.5574;;he said the first informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi was a historic meeting that has provided positive direction to india-china relations.
;;0.7269;;prahlad modi , president of the gujarat fair price shop owners association, on monday said that the association submitted a list of their demands from the state government, including an increase in commission from foodgrain sales to terms at par with other states like rajasthan, delhi, maharashtra, kerala and goa.
;;-0.5106;;we have given them an ultimatum as the government has failed to meet our demands, several of which we had raised in may last year, modi , the brother of prime minister modi , said.
;;-0.6249;;even as chief minister mamata banerjee met prime minister modi in new delhi to discuss just development and not politics, bjp workers upped the ante back home, fighting a pitched battle with police on the streets for close to three hours and paralyzing the heart of the city for the entire afternoon.
;;-0.7935;;a bitter critic of the modi government, banerjee shed her usual aggression in the national capital on thursday , but didn't take the bjp bengal unit's offensive lightly .
;;0.3612;;: in what could spell fresh trouble for the proposed teesta water sharing pact between india and bangladesh, west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee on thursday pointed out to prime minister modi the problems the state faces for sharing river waters with the neighbouring country .
;;0.0;;the cm urged modi to take up the issues with dhaka.
;;0.1625;;she had made her displeasure clear to modi and visiting bangladesh pm sheikh hasina recently , saying that the teesta pact in its present form was not acceptable to bengal.
;;0.3818;;he also noted that india is well on the path of fulfilling all the commitments made by the prime minister of india modi , at the chogm 2018 much before the next chogm in 2020, according to the official communique.
;;-0.1779;;the minister expressed his appreciation of the uk government's backing for prime minister modi's initiative to build a global coalition of disaster resilient infrastructure (cdri).
;;0.0;;this story is from december 24, 2018a view of the bogibeel bridge, to be inaugurated by prime minister modi on 25 december in dibrugarh .
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi will inaugurate india's longest rail-road bogibeel bridge in assam on tuesday.
;;0.6597;;in an interaction with reporters on bank's continuing work on climate change mitigation and its efforts at helping developing countries implement the paris agreement, kim said he and the world bank has worked very closely with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8709;;noting that modi is very personal, very public and very strong support of moving india to a lower carbon renewable energy future, kim said the indian leader has made a very ambitious target for india to reduce its carbon intensity.
;;0.2716;;the solar alliance that prime minister modi is spearheading has also been extremely important, kim said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , dozens of students from across the country selected by isro though an online quiz, a large media contingent and others are slated to watch the event as it happens, from the isro telemetry tracking and command network (istrac) here.
;;0.8402;;new delhi: over two dozen dalit mps cutting across party lines including half a dozen ministers at the centre have urged the government to ensure reservation of scs and sts in private sector jobs and also in judiciary by constituting an indian judicial service on the lines of other all india services like the ias the dalit law makers, who met at a dinner hosted by union minister and lok janshakti party (ljp) chief ram vilas paswan on thursday, took the decision to meet prime minister modi to push their demands.
;;0.0;;it was not able to even get an appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to meet prime minister modi , he said.
;;0.0;;new delhi: former union minister p chidambaram saturday hit back at prime minister modi for targeting the congress, reminding him of the party's legacy by listing out the names of its presidents from outside the nehru-gandhi family.
;;0.6808;;in a dig at modi , chidambaram said he was grateful that the prime minister was concerned about who is elected as congress president and he devotes a lot of time talking about it.
;;-0.9313;;will pm modi speak about farmers' suicides, massive unemployment, lynchings, rape crimes against women and children, anti-romeo squads, gau rakshak vigilantism and increasing terror attacks?
;;-0.4588;;at the rally in ambikapur in north chhattisgarh, modi had also attacked congress president rahul gandhi and asked him to give an account on the contributions of the four generations of the nehru-gandhi family to the nation.
;;0.5106;;bengaluru: the congress on monday targeted prime minister modi , who is launching his final leg of campaign in karnataka from tuesday, by demanding a probe against him by a sitting supreme court judge over his alleged role in irregularities in the rafale fighter aircraft deal with france.
;;-0.296;;all these questions have raised doubts over modi himself.
;;-0.7351;;surjewala said the modi government has backstabbed the people of karnataka by depriving the state of rs 36,000 crore investment and denying jobs for locals by cancelling the offset contract for hal in bengaluru.
;;0.4019;;this story is from january 28, 2019several political parties and outfits staged black flag demonstrations against prime minister modi in.
;;0.4019;;madurai: several political parties and outfits staged black flag demonstrations against prime minister modi in madurai on sunday.
;;-0.4767;;he and around 20 cadres were arrested on sunday for showing black flags against modi.
;;-0.5849;;the bengal chief minister has been highly critical of prime minister modi 's government and has on several occasions accused it of snatching the autonomy of constitutional institutions and muzzling dissent.
;;0.6705;;in may, during lok sabha election campaign, banerjee said she felt like giving one tight slap of democracy to pm modi.
;;-0.1779;;ani imagebiarritz: prime minister modi on monday held wide-ranging talks with senegal president macky sall here and the two leaders discussed ways to strengthen bilateral ties in various sectors, including cooperation in combating terrorism modi met sall on the sidelines of the g-7 summit in this southwestern french city and stressed upon strengthening ties with an important african partner.
;;0.0;;the ministry of external affairs (mea) said that the invitation to india was a reflection of the personal chemistry between prime minister modi and french president emmanuel macron and also recognition of india as a major economic power.
;;0.4939;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (pti photo)ayodhya: shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on sunday said that the ayodhya issue has been pending in courts for many years now and the centre should soon bring an ordinance on construction of the ram temple and added that prime minister modi has the courage to do it.
;;0.6369;;hyderabad: ahead of his london visit from april 17, several indian students organisations in the uk, on sunday wrote asked prime minister modi what measures he would take for swift and appropriate justice in the 'crimes of heinous nature against three minor girls in india'.
;;0.4939;;modi will be in india to attend the common wealth summit.
;;0.2023;;i request prime minister modi and union sports minister rajyavardhan rathore to help me, said mohan's father rajendra parmar with tears rolling down his eyes.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi: congress leader navjot singh sidhu hit back at the bjp's criticism over his visit to pakistan, wondering if prime minister modi was jealous over not being invited to the swearing-in ceremony of pakistan pm imran khan.
;;0.5106;;the cm also mentioned how the initiative was appreciated by prime minister modi , who got magnetically drawn towards the campaign after seeing a striking photograph of a grandson cleaning the river along with his grandfather.
;;0.0;;tendulkar had also written to prime minister modi , requesting him to include all international medallists in central government health scheme (cghs).
;;0.0;;tendulkar, in his letter to pm modi , informed him that he had earlier taken up the issue with both sports ministry and health ministry.
;;0.0;;another march led by modi will begin from thiruvananthapuram on february 14 which will be inaugurated by cpi general secretary sudhakar reddy.
;;0.34;;emmanuel bonne, advisor to president of france meets prime minister modi : aninew delhi: france's national security advisor (nsa) emmanuel bonne met prime minister modi here on thursday.
;;0.0;;the meeting of the two nsas came days after modi met his french counterpart emmanuel macron in france.
;;-0.3612;;however, government sources pointed out that prime minister modi set out the argument during his recent visit to the northeast when he said a distinction should be drawn between those who entered india to grab its resources and those fleeing in the face of atrocities.
;;0.872;;chennai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on thursday wrote a letter to prime minister modi on tamil nadu sugar industry and mills, seeking exemption and relief from the purview of certain measures approved by the union cabinet to improve liquidity of sugar mills.
;;0.4404;;srinagar: pdp president mehbooba mufti on thursday welcomed pakistans offer on opening several shrines, including shardapeeth , to devotees from india, saying prime minister modi should consider the offer.
;;0.4019;;in their talks, prime minister modi and vietnamese president tran dai quang also vowed to expand bilateral cooperation in several key sectors, including defence, oil and gas, and agriculture.
;;0.0;;she dared modi to do a tripura in bengal.
;;0.0;;has the modi government taken a single step against communists who were in government at that time?
;;0.0;;all from rbi to cbi are saying bye bye to him, banerjee said in kolkata minutes after modi concluded his public speech in jalpaiguri on friday.
;;-0.7269;;raj made this announcement after he faced backlash from bjp sympathizers for questioning the silence of prime minister modi on gauris murder.
;;0.1779;;some bjp leaders also construed his attack on modi as a move to earn the empathy of congress leaders and win a ticket for him.
;;0.4404;;and according to me, modi , shah and adityanath are not hindus, raj had tweeted, drawing more ire from their supporters.
;;-0.4588;;motihari: prime minister modi on tuesday firmly scotched speculation that recent communal violence has caused a rift in the bjp-jd(u) alliance, heaping fulsome praise on ally bihar chief minister nitish kumar for being a patient and able administrator fighting anti-social elements and corruption.
;;-0.4588;;modi attacked the opposition for pitting people against people and lauded kumar's efforts.
;;-0.4767;;modi hit out at the opposition for trying to divide society and place hurdles from parliament to the streets in the path of development and efforts to uplift and empower the poor.
;;0.8442;;co/h0ijgpt6or  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566638400000uaeuaeabu dhabi: prime minister modi on saturday discussed ways to improve trade and cultural ties between india and thewith the crown prince of abu dhabi welcoming modi , the crown prince, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan , expressed gratitude to his brother for visiting his second home.
;;-0.5499;;devegowda told reporters that unlike state leaders of the bjp, prime minister modi and home minister amit shah have the power to topple the government, but have no desire to engineer a collapse.
;;0.802;;modi has great respect for former prime minister [and jd(s) patriarch] hd deve gowda.
;;-0.296;;modi and shah have no intention of destabilizing the coalition government in the state.
;;-0.296;;if i speak about modi , i am accused of being soft on the bjp, he said.
;;0.128;;he said prime minister modi had last month launched a phase of ayushman bharat -national health protection scheme from bijapur district of bastar region.
;;0.2023;;the chief minister claimed there were no challenges before prime minister modi because the artificial unity of the opposition parties would crumble due to their infighting.
;;0.128;;prime minister modi launched the rs 45,000-crore ipds for the country in varanasi in september 2015.
;;0.3818;;new delhi: the national campaign committee for construction workers has approached prime minister modi , opposing the government's move to subsume labour laws into four codes as it will repeal the bocw act under which various benefits are being provided to construction workers.
;;0.0;;he said the committee, a common platform of all construction workers welfare organisations, has written a letter to prime minister modi and union labour minister santosh gangawar in this regard.
;;0.6705;;), the report statedit said the process of approval of dprs by the cabinet committee on security (ccs), headed by prime minister modi , is underway.
;;0.7096;;agartala: scripting its second big victory in the northeast after unseating congress in assam, bjp wants a show of strength similar to that in the neighbouring state for the swearing-in of the new government in tripura the state unit of the party is in constant touch with the pmo for dates from prime minister modi , who would be the chief guest at the swearing-in function.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi had announced interest subsidy for two categories of middle income groups (migs) in urban areas with annual income of up to rs 18 lakh, which came into effect from january 2017.
;;0.7184;;new delhi: prime minister modi said on wednesday that a grand museum dedicated to all his predecessors will be built in the capital even as he took a dig at congress for trying to erase memories of all former prime ministers who didn't belong to the nehru-gandhi clan.
;;0.296;;modi urged family members of the former prime ministers to share items related to them, which could be kept in the museum.
;;0.2732;;modi used the occasion to recall as how contributions of several pms were denigrated under the influence of certain ideology, a veiled reference to the gandhi-nehru family.
;;0.4019;;party leaders including modi , a vijayaraghavan, paloli muhammedkutty, p karunakaran, p k sreemathi, e p jayarajan, t sivadasamenon, v v dakshinamoorthi, a k balan and others will address the conference, he said.
;;0.2023;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister modi , in november last year gave 'in-principle' approval for sale of shares which are part of 'enemy property'.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: aam aadmi party on sunday hit out at prime minister modi after delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal was not invited for the inauguration of botanical garden (noida) to kalkaji section of delhi metros magenta line.
;;0.5574;;prime minister modi (pti photo)ranchi: prime minister modi on thursday launched an ambitious pension scheme for farmers from here.
;;0.0;;the start of the modernization process had coincided with the hoisting of the tricolour by prime minister modi at the red fort in new delhi on october 21, 2018, to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the azad hind government.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 14, 2018new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday said that financial inclusion has become a reality for 1.
;;0.25;;pm modi is in singapore on a two-day visit during which he will attend the east asia summit , an asean-india informal meet, the regional comprehensive economic partnership summit and hold a meeting with us vice president mike pence.
;;-0.25;;noida: a day ahead of the visit of prime minister modi to noida for the inauguration of the magenta line of delhi metro from the botanical garden metro station, the noida golf course management has cancelled the christmas celebrations scheduled on december 25 due to unavoidable circumstances.
;;0.5859;;jalandhar: prime minister modi will inaugurate 106th indian science congress, to be held at lovely professional university from january 3 to 7, 2019.
;;0.4767;;cuttack: prime minister modi on saturday accused rival parties of ganging up to protect dynasty politics and said his government runs on people's mandate, and not at the directions from janpath.
;;0.4939;;the clp members led by leader of opposition shaktisinh gohil will call upon the governor dr kamla and hand over a memorandum highlighting the deliberate attempts of chief minister modi in delaying the appointment of the lokayukta and also highlighting the rampant corruption of the government.
;;0.0;;modhwadia said that the modi government has indulged in corruption of over one lakh crore.
;;-0.5859;;he alleged that on the one hand, the bjp is supporting anna hazare in his fight against corruption and the lokpal bill, but when it comes to gujarat, the bjp was making deliberate attempts not to appoint the lokayukta as they were fearing that modi might have to go to jail because of corruption.
;;0.6597;;meanwhile, mahagujarat janta party (mjp) president gordhan zadhafia and some of the party workers also called on the governor and made representation against the rampant corruption by the modi government.
;;0.0;;but mr vajpayee always kept him in check, and when mr modi came on the scene, mr advani was already in his 80s.
;;0.8447;;let us see what the future holds, but i want to pay my respects to mr advani and joshi, because 30 years ago, when it was not fashionable, they were pioneers of hindu power and led the way for the coming of the bjp and mr modi to form this strong government that is now spreading its wings all over india.
;;0.7814;;let us hope that mr modi will effect in india a tremendous transformation, that will recognise that not only hindus have the overwhelming majority in this country, but that hinduism is the only religion today that accepts and respects all the other religions of the world, including islam.
;;-0.6908;;having completed three years in office last week, prime minister modi could view the gross domestic product figures with some satisfaction after the doubts raised by his shock decision last november to scrap high-value banknotes in a move to flush out all the money indians hide from the taxman.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: three-day long silver jubilee celebrations of shree kutchi leuva patel samaj in nairobi , kenya, began on friday with opening speech by prime minister modi through video conferencing.
;;0.0;;in his speech, modi lauded contribution of the community in welfare activities and overall development of east africa.
;;-0.34;;modi stressed on india-africa relationships and said that india in the recent past hosted india-africa summit and annual general meeting of african development bank.
;;0.0;;when modi visited kenya in 2016, the community had hosted him in nairobi.
;;0.0;;after all, assembly polls in prime minister modi modis home state have been the flavour of the season.
;;0.0;;but we object to the way the bjp is attempting to project chandrayaan-2 as the achievement of prime minister modi .
;;-0.2023;;margao: south goa zilla panchayat members on friday unanimously resolved to write to prime minister modi seeking his intervention to resolve the present mining crisis in goa.
;;0.4019;;manali: chief minister jai ram thakur has said that on his recent trip to delhi, prime minister modi expressed his wish to visit lahaul-spiti via rohtang tunnel.
;;0.6808;;we plan to use sport to propagate the nda governments achievements and we hope the youth will continue to support modi in the general elections, said harshavardhan gowda, general secretary, bjp yuva morcha.
;;-0.5106;;referring to the bjp-led nda government at the centre headed by prime minister modi , lal thanhawla said it has been a failure on all fronts, especially in its foreign policy.
;;0.0;;the leaders also discussed recent remarks made against prime minister modi by chief minister k chandrasekhar rao.
;;0.6597;;a post shared by modi (@narendramodi) on jan 22, 2018 at 10:23am pstdavos +first engagement in snowing #davos, pm @narendramodi met with swiss president @alain_berset.
;;0.2023;;co/193wlyfoxi  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1516655273000* the top billing on day 1 belongs to prime minister modi , who will be delivering the opening plenary address at the world economic forum (wef) later today.
;;0.0772;;* following in the footsteps of chinese president xi jinping , who gave the keynote speech last year, pm modi will likely tout india's economic successes and stress that the country is open for business.
;;0.5859;;* modi is the first indian prime minister to attend the summit in two decades and is expected to share his vision for india's future engagements with the international community.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi on november 8, 2016, announced a ban on then in use rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination bank notes with immediate effect.
;;0.6486;;prime minister modi congratulated foreign minister sushma swaraj and mea officials as well as salve, who successfully put forward india's case in the world court.
;;0.4019;;meghalaya chief minister conrad sangma, the convener of the convention, said the parties will send a delegation to meet prime minister modi and president ram nath kovind seeking to scrap the bill passed in the lok sabha on january 8.
;;0.4497;;at a swacch bharat programme in champaran recently, prime minister modi strongly endorsed kumar's leadership but recent comments point to an early start to the seat-sharing negotiations which will be challenging as jd(u) has only two mps having contested independently in 2014.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: ahmed patel , a congress leader who is a rajya sabha member from gujarat, sent a letter to prime minister modi on tuesday raising questions about the land acquisition process for the bullet train project .
;;0.4019;;i wish to draw your attention to the land acquisition process by the national high speed rail corporation (nhsrc) for the upcoming mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project, patel says in his letter to modi.
;;0.8255;;bengaluru: addressing the nation on the backdrop of chandrayaan-2 's lander vikram losing contact with the ground station, prime minister modi on saturday hailed the isro scientists for giving their best and stated that they will give country more reasons to smile in future.
;;0.8271;;praising isro for taking the country to new heights, prime minister modi said: the isro is recognised by the world as one of the greatest space agencies.
;;0.0;;if the aicc chief had called the telangana rashtra samithi (trs) the b team of the bjp, prime minister modi was not far behind, terming the trs the b team of the congress.
;;0.0;;at his public meeting at lb stadium in hyderabad on monday, modi explained why he considered trs as b team of congress.
;;0.4019;;he says while promising moon for the minorities, trs chief k chandrasekhar rao was meeting the bjp leadership, including gujarat chief minister modi , even before the results of 2009 elections were out.
;;0.5574;;in september last year, prime minister modi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe launched the ambitious project, entailing a total cost of rs 1.
;;0.0;;pti photonashik: on the eve of the assembly elections in maharashtra , prime minister modi will address a rally in nashik on september 19 on the concluding day of chief minister devendra fadnavis ' 'mahajanadesh yatra', a bjp official said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will address a rally on september 19 to mark the conclusion of the 'mahajanadesh yatra' at a ground in tapovan locality, he said.
;;0.0;;mangaluru: prime minister modi , union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari and dk mp nalin kumar kateel on sunday inaugurated thokkottu flyover.
;;0.4019;;the modi government that came to power in 2014 promising achche din to citizens has still not been able to provide a achchi sadak (good road) to people of this city, santhosh said.
;;0.0;;he alleged, the central government led by prime minister modi had a deal with corporates.
;;0.0516;;sushma swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi +beijing/new delhi: prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping will hold their first major informal summit in the picturesque wuhan city of central china on april 27 and 28, marking a breakthrough in ties that were hit by a tense 73-day military standoff between indian and chinese militaries at doklam the announcement of the meeting, though speculated upon in the last few weeks, was concrete evidence that the two leaders could be looking to impart some momentum to the relationship.
;;-0.1027;;this will be the first meeting between modi and xi after the faceoff in doklam  disputed between china and bhutan  where china sought to alter the status quo and build a road that could have given it a strategic advantage over the chickens neck that connects indias north-east to the rest of the country.
;;0.4588;;the engagement will also mean back-to-back visits for modi to china as he is scheduled to travel to the country again in june for the sco ( shanghai cooperation organisation ) summit.
;;0.0;;most events planned are one-on-one even though, as a source put it, the core delegation comprising officials in the mea who handle china will travel with modi.
;;-0.9081;;china has been worried that india would make heavy weather of the issue of pakistan-based terrorism at the sco meeting, which will also be attended by pakistani leaders after modi described it as an exporter of terrorism.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 23, 2018prime minister of india modi modi.
;;-0.743;;banerjee, wrapped in a brown woollen shawl, began a sit-in right in front of the metro cinema to protest insults she faced at the hands of prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah, hours after the detention of the cbi team.
;;-0.4308;;i am ready to die but i am not ready to bow down before the modi government and we won't allow imposition of emergency.
;;-0.1027;;congress president rahul gandhi on sunday spoke to banerjee and expressed his support to her sit-in against the centre over cbi move in the state, saying the happenings in bengal were part of the unrelenting attack on india's institutions by prime minister modi and the bjp.
;;-0.4767;;the happenings in bengal are a part of the unrelenting attack on india's institutions by modi and the bjp.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 27, 2018new delhi: prime minister modi on saturday left for japan to attend the annual summit with his counterpart shinzo abe the summit will be held on october 28 and 29.
;;0.7778;;in a statement on friday, before leaving for japan, modi described india and japan a winning combination and said the island nation is new delhi's most trusted partner in its economic and technological modernisation.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister modi has lost all credibility.
;;0.5423;;bihar chief minister nitish kumar, during his meeting with aasu on thursday, has also expressed his opposition to the proposed legislation and promised to convince prime minister modi to scrap the bill.
;;0.128;;new delhi: a day after he sparked speculation by skipping the luncheon meeting hosted by congress chief sonia gandhi for opposition parties, bihar cm said that his meeting with prime minister modi had no political subtext.
;;0.0772;;chandigarh: crawfed (chandigarh residents' associations welfare federation) has requested prime minister modi to form a metropolitan development authority (mda) for the tricity on the lines of national capital region (ncr).
;;0.9081;;new delhi: bjp 's newly appointed working president j p nadda monday said he will work to strengthen the party as its worker and thanked prime minister modi and party chief amit shah for reposing faith in him.
;;-0.3182;;belagavi/mysuru: sitavva jodatti, an activist who was conferred the padma shri for her struggle to eradicate devadasi culture for the past two decades, and darshan, a mysuru resident, found mention in prime minister modi 's 'mann ki baat' on sunday.
;;0.0;;modi also referred to darshan's email to mygov.
;;-0.3182;;apart from the padma shri, pm modi has made my struggle known to every person in the country by talking about me in his 'mann ki baat'.
;;0.0;;listing out the achievements of his government and of prime minister modi , kataria pointed out to the differences between the bjp and the congress.
;;0.0;;kataria made an elaborate mention of initiatives of pm modi.
;;0.4215;;in reference to the partys performance in the two states, he said, gujarat and hp results show how much faith the voters have in modi.
;;0.0;;5 lakh jobs, prime minister modi announced at the up investors summit here on wednesday.
;;0.2023;;modi had earlier inaugurated the two-day mega summit in the presence of governor ram naik, union home minister rajnath singh, chief minister yogi adityanath and a host of union and state ministers, along with several top industrialists and foreign delegates.
;;0.0;;describing the two-day up investors summit as the foundation for building a new uttar pradesh, prime minister modi said the corridor would open up development in the state by linking the agra, aligarh, jhansi and chitrakoot belts.
;;-0.2263;;bjp leader mukul roy apprised prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah about the incident, demanding a cbi enquiry.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 3, 2019file photo of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;gurdaspur: prime minister modi will address his first public rally of 2019 in gurdaspur on thursday, sounding the poll bugle for the lok sabha elections this year and setting the tone for the sad-bjp alliances campaign in the state.
;;-0.296;;punjab bjp president shwait malik claimed on wedesnday that no other pm had done as much for punjab, especially sikhs, as modi.
;;-0.4019;;he gave credit to the modi government for the opening of kartapur corridor, bringing to book the perpetrators of 1984 anti-sikh riots, and exemption of langar items from gst.
;;-0.5574;;sources said state presidents of sad and bjp would have a brief discussion with modi about alliance partners probable candidates, their election strategy to trounce the congress, and minimise damage by other political outfits, including aam aadmi party.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 3, 2019prime minister modi (pti, file pic)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;the meeting will be attended by around a dozen heads of african countries and prime minister modi the governors of the bank, who are from the 54 regional member countries and 26 non-regional member countries will also participate in the event.
;;0.0;;ministry of external affairs (mea) and prime minister's office (pmo) has organized a series of meetings of pm modi with african leaders on the sidelines of the event.
;;0.0;;his facebook page has photographs of him standing next toprime minister modi and state bjp president b s yeddyurappa.
;;0.128;;basavananda, who claimed modi is his inspiration, insisted that he will not enter the fray if denied a bjp ticket.
;;0.0772;;the work done by prime minister modi for the welfare of the sc community will be elaborated upon at the rally and we want to give the message that the bjp government is working for them, said a bjp leader.
;;0.4767;;we are following the 5 f formula given by honourable prime minister modi from farm to fiber, fiber to fabric, fabric to fashion, fashion to foreign.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.3612;;(afp)new delhi: at a time when the water level in india's major reservoirs and river basins has fallen, prime minister modi on sunday pitched for conservation of rain water, saying there is a pressing need to make water conservation a mass movement on the lines of the cleanliness drive.
;;0.2732;;modi appealed to all indians, including eminent people from all walks of life to create awareness on water conservation.
;;0.4019;;read morenew delh: opposed to the idea of simultaneous polls to the lok sabha and state assemblies, several opposition parties, including the congress, on wednesday skipped the all-party meeting convened by prime minister modi on the issue of 'one nation, one election'.
;;0.4019;;modi has invited the presidents of all the political parties that have at least one member either in the lok sabha or in the rajya sabha to discuss the issue.
;;-0.3612;;it is a serious allegation that modi asked the officer to stop inquiry, when the probe zeroed in on cpm leaders.
;;-0.4019;;though modi denied the charges, it should be investigated by cbi along with the ongoing investigation to unravel the truth, he said.
;;0.4019;;beijing: external affairs minister s jaishankar arrived in beijing on sunday on a key three-day visit to hold talks with the chinese leadership on a host of issues including finalisation of arrangements for president xi jinping 's visit to india later this year for the second informal summit with prime minister modi the visit of jaishankar, the first indian minister to tour china after the modi government began its second term, is also taking place in the aftermath of india's decision to revoke special status to jammu and kashmir and its division into two union territories -jammu and kashmir, and ladakh.
;;0.0;;modi and xi set the bilateral relations back on track with their first-ever informal summit last year at wuhan after a 73-day standoff at doklam between the two militaries in 2017.
;;0.8919;;barely a week after creating a flutter in parliament by heaping praise on modi , samajwadi party patriarch mulayam singh yadav again ruffled feathers within his clan by expressing his displeasure over the seatsharing formula with mayawatis bahujan samaj party on thursday, mulayam ticked off his son in public, holding him responsible for limiting the partys prospects in lok sabha polls.
;;0.7964;;on february 13, mulayam singh had dropped a bombshell at the concluding session of parliament with fulsome praise of prime minister modi i want to congratulate the pm that he tried to move ahead and take everyone along.
;;-0.6369;;outside parliament, mulayams son and sp chief akhilesh has been openly condemning the modi government, holding it responsible for joblessness, agrarian distress and poor state of economy.
;;-0.128;;protesters will gather at kamla nehru park at 10am on monday, and march to the mini secretariat, carrying mock funeral pyres of the two supreme court judges who gave the order, as well as prime minister modi and president ram nath kovind .
;;-0.8462;;new delhi: prime minister modi said on thursday that the fight against terror should not be seen as a war against islam or muslims but against a mindset that promotes extremism and hatred.
;;0.3818;;modi stressed his mission is to take the entire country along as indias prospects are linked to every citizens progress.
;;-0.4754;;modi praised king abdullah for his sustained efforts at fighting radicalisation and emphasised that those indulging in extremist acts cause more harm to the very religion they claim to represent.
;;0.128;;this has been done through the mujkuva solar pump irrigators cooperative enterprise (spice)  indias first grid-connected solar enterprise which prime minister modi launched during his visit to anand on september 30.
;;-0.4215;;ill submit memorandums to prime minister modi and finance minister nirmala sitharaman seeking immediate release of at least rs 3,000 crore, he said.
;;0.0;;mangaluru: prime minister modi , union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari and dk mp nalin kumar kateel on sunday inaugurated the thokkottu flyover.
;;0.4019;;the modi government that came to power in 2014 promising achhe din for citizens has still not been able to provide an achhi sadak (good road) for the people of this city, said santhosh.
;;-0.4019;;aurangabad: prime minister modi should have ascertained his statement about pakistan before criticising him, ncp chief sharad pawar said here on friday.
;;0.4215;;modi, at a rally in nashik ahead of maharashtra assembly elections on thursday, had claimed that pawar, at a recent event, said he liked pakistan.
;;0.7691;;i will not criticise modi further because i do not want to hurt the dignity of prime minister's office, the ncp chief added.
;;-0.9349;;begusarai: prime minister modi on sunday said that he shares the anger and anguish of every indian over the terrorist attack in pulwama.
;;0.0;;53 crore by prime minister modi during his proposed visit to the city on feb 19.
;;-0.2732;;stating that injustice has been done to his state by bjp and the nda government led by prime minister modi , naidu said: many promises were made by the pm during the election campaign.
;;0.9246;;with both the ysr congress party (ysrcp) and telugu desam party (tdp) trying to table a no-confidence motion against the modi government on friday and seeking to mobilise support in favour of the motion from other political parties from across the country, the ruling telangana rashtra samithi (trs) has decided to adopt a wait and watch policy on the developments.
;;0.6652;;naidu said: the ysr congress partys no-confidence (in the modi government) is only for public consumption, but deep inside it has confidence in pm modi .
;;0.4019;;however, a cross section of the opposition believes that the very idea that a no-confidence is being moved against the modi government is a boost to the anti-bjp camp in the countdown to the 2019 polls.
;;-0.3612;;leaders argued that bjps usp under modi has been its aura built on its massive numbers in parliament and its victories across states over the last four years.
;;0.8555;;also, modi has built a popular perception of a strong government with a strong leader.
;;-0.296;;amethi: congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday accused prime minister modi of halting projects in amethi , his lok sabha constituency.
;;0.0;;but pm modi robbed amethi of that, the congress chief said.
;;0.7096;;new delhi: the government has been working to free the housing sector of corruption and middlemen to ensure people get their own houses without hassle, prime minister modi said today.
;;0.6124;;new delhi: scores of muslim women thanked prime minister modi for ensuring the passage of the triple talaq bill in rajya sabha , at events organised by the bjp in the city on wednesday.
;;0.6486;;goel said prime minister modi never indulged in vote-bank politics and was inspired only by the well being of people.
;;0.6705;;the muslim women gathered at goel's residence enthusiastically hailed modi , saying they feel empowered.
;;-0.5267;;we had high hopes of modi that he will ban triple talaq and give us right to fight it.
;;-0.0772;;in a major success for the modi government, parliament on tuesday approved the bill that makes instant triple talaq among muslims a criminal offence after the contentious legislation was passed by rajya sabha.
;;-0.1531;;telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar raodownload the times of india news app for latest cityhyderabad: telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao may miss his second meeting with prime minister modi on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;ahead of the first parliament session on monday, the union government has invited all presidents of political parties with representation in the parliament, including the chief ministers of the two telugu states kcr and ys jaganmohan reddy and tdp chief n chandrababu naidu with the aim of deliberating on five agendas of their choice, with pm modi taking the lead.
;;0.4767;;however, officials said that kcr, who has scheduled several meetings in the coming days, including a trs executive party meeting on june 19, the day modi is holding the meeting in delhi, may miss the chance to meet him for the second time within a span of five days.
;;0.0;;new delhi: for once the chinese mandarins were caught napping by none other than prime minister modi during his informal summit with president xi jinping in wuhan, china's ambassador to india luo zhaohui revealed on saturday.
;;0.2732;;during his first one-on-one meeting with president xi at the hubei provincial museum, prime minister modi told his host that this was his second visit to hubei province, surprising the chinese officials, who otherwise keep a track of all bilateral and official visits minutely.
;;0.0;;we didn't know that prime minister modi had visited wuhan earlier, luo told the participants of a seminar on the two-day informal summit between the leaders of india and china held in wuhan city from april 27.
;;0.4939;;modi was the gujarat chief minister from october 2001 to may 2014the speed with which you constructed this dam and its scale inspired me.
;;0.9022;;luo said china took special care to provide an enabling and comfortable environment for prime minister modi in wuhan, with the ambassador himself carrying with him table clothes from gujarat and assam tea for the visiting dignitary.
;;0.4215;;while sharing some of the efforts made by the chinese leadership to make prime minister modi feel at home in the central chinese city, over 1,000 km from beijing, luo said president xi has met the indian premier 13 times in the last five years of his first term.
;;0.4215;;luo said chinese officials came to know that prime minister modi liked table clothes from gujarat.
;;0.0;;we didn't serve chinese tea to prime minister modi but assam tea, he said.
;;0.7096;;president xi and prime minister modi agreed to step up cultural exchanges by promoting people-to-people links and unleashing the vitality of the two emerging economies.
;;0.9485;;starting with a strength of eight judges in 1950, including the chief justice of india, the judges strength is now 34, with a recent amendment by parliament after cji ranjan gogoi wrote to prime minister modi outlining the urgent need for an increase in sc judges strength in proportion to the increase in litigation.
;;-0.4767;;kurnool: continuing with his relentless attack on prime minister modi and the government at the centre, chief minister n chandrababu naidu on sunday said the bjp is trying to obstruct the growth of andhra pradesh as it fears that the state will overtake gujarat in development.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister modi and bjp seized upon it to say that the former minister made the plea for indefinite postponement as part of a congress gameplan to thwart resolution of the ram temple versus babri masjid dispute.
;;0.6597;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by prime minister modi , on thursday approved establishment of the nfar with an initial financial commitment of rs 130 crore during 2020-21.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday asked the railways to focus on punctuality of trains and to make the journey safe for passengers.
;;-0.3716;;to tackle the agrarian crisis, the cm has already announced farm loan waiver but he may further widen the scope of the scheme declared by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;now, modi has declared financial assistance to those holding land up to five acres, or nearly 1 crore farmers.
;;-0.3818;;new delhi: bjp mp dr subramanian swamy on tuesday urged prime minister modi to institute a high-level inquiry to determine how the central board of direct taxation (cbtd) is illegal and the circular issued against exonerating tdk ( sonia gandhi ) and  bambino  ( rahul gandhi ) in the national herald case was withdrawn.
;;0.5233;;the opposition leader once again reiterated his allegation against the prime minister modi for releasing very meagre relief fund and not visiting the gaja-hit people.
;;0.3724;;i dont attack the individual modi , said stalin.
;;0.7943;;new delhi: prime minister modi called upon bjp mps on sunday to shun any negativity and work with a positive mindset so as to win over even those who did not vote for the party.
;;0.0;;looking at your work and conduct, they will get closer to you, he said quoting modi.
;;0.7096;;according to agencies, referring to the incident in rajya sabha where prime minister modi had commented on her laughter in the house, chowdhury said, modi had snatched my dignity when he said i remind him of surpanakha.
;;0.0;;meher has woven five of his favourite quotes of prime minister modi on a wall piece along with a woven picture of the pm.
;;0.0;;the decision to make river conservation a school lesson was taken under the state government's action plan for narmada after the conclusion of narmada seva yatra in the presence of prime minister modi on may 15.
;;0.0772;;partys victory is more staggering in a state like tripura +after bihar, next stop tamil nadu for bjp the o pannerselvam-led faction has a rapport with prime minister modi and it is likely that the former chief minister will meet amit shah during his tn visit, said sources close to him.
;;0.7227;;but then, bjps success in assam or other northeastern states has not been attributed to any state leader, but to the might of prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah .
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: ahmed patel , political advisor to all-india congress president sonia gandhi slammed prime minister modi for dragging his name in his poll speeches during gujarat poll campaign.
;;0.4019;;patels tweet was in reaction to prime minister modi on sunday repeatedly saying in public meetings across the state that a retired chief of pakistan army, arshad rafiq, had said that he will support congress if ahmed patel becomes chief minister.
;;-0.5994;;the protesters gathered in front of the deputy commissioners office, and gave vent to their disappointment with prime minister modi for his apathetic attitude towards the natural calamity that had ravaged several districts of the state.
;;0.4019;;* prime minister modi on thursday spoke to andhra pradesh cm chandrababu naidu amid political tension between bjp and tdp over granting special status to the state, ani reported.
;;0.0;;* the two tdp ministers in the union cabinet will meet pm modi at 6pm today.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 7, 2019prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.3612;;patna: pm modi is likely to inaugurate three newly built fuel stations on march 3 for the supply of compressed natural gas (cng) in the state capital.
;;-0.4767;;mohsin, who was the general observer in sambalpur lok sabha constituency in odisha, was suspended in april for checking the helicopter in which modi had arrived for campaigning.
;;0.8402;;naddas brief from prime minister modi and party president amit shah was clear  bjps campaign has to focus on the excellent delivery of government schemes on the ground in up.
;;0.0;;thousands of families in ambala district have been benefited with the healthcare scheme of the government and prime minister modi started this scheme on september 23, 2018.
;;0.354;;accusing the modi government of crossing the lakshman rekha, the bengal cm said, let's not forget that a state government, like the centre, is elected.
;;-0.4019;;around 150 of them were detained for attempting to hit an effigy of prime minster modi with slippers.
;;0.0;;vijayan had written a similar letter to modi on may 20, urging him to withdraw the new notification issued by the environment ministry.
;;-0.25;;claiming the congress leaders have gone in to depression in view of the widespread public support for prime minister modi and chief minister jai ram thakur, he asked whether rahul gandhi was holding any constitutional post to become the chief guest of a government function at that time.
;;0.4767;;he said that modi is the prime minister and every section of society and every person of the nation respect him a lot.
;;0.0;;modi has charted eight areas of co-operation between the countries, which the chinese consulate here will follow while bringing investors to bengal, consul general ma zhanwu said on monday.
;;0.0;;if i have understood correctly, pm modi has given a clear-cut direction in the areas in which the two countries need to co-operate.
;;0.7184;;if things go according to plan, modi and chinese president xi jinping will meet many more times in the near future to chart out how the two countries will work for peace and greater understanding.
;;0.2023;;chinese and indians are spiritually connected, as pm modi has put it correctly, and even in times of tension, the deep respect we have for indians didnt get erased.
;;0.3182;;agra: hitting out at congress , prime minister modi said that the party uses lies for political gains and it is seasonal.
;;-0.6808;;replying to a question by a sanitation worker of agra, through a video link, during main bhi chowkidar programme on sunday, pm modi directly accused the congress of lying.
;;0.0;;he also said, in bihar, they said modi is going to remove reservation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had inaugurated the civil air terminal at chandigarh airport on september 11 last year.
;;0.2263;;during friday's event in the temple town, the cm said prime minister modi would visit jharkhand on may 25 for the ground-breaking ceremony of projects worth rs 52,700 crore.
;;0.6369;;file photojammu: the bjp will observe 'seva saptah' (service week) from september 14 across the country to pray for long life and good health of prime minister modi , a senior leader said on saturday.
;;0.0;;the pontiff called upon fellow seers and heads of religious institutions to fix a date to meet prime minister modi to press for a law for construction of the temple.
;;0.0;;the time has come to question modi.
;;0.0;;for four-and-a-half years that modi has been in office, neither the bjp nor the sangh parivar spoke about the ram temple , he said.
;;0.0;;tirupur: in his second visit to tamil nadu in a fortnight, prime minister modi laid the foundation for various developmental schemes, including a 100-bed employee's state insurance corporation (esic) hospital at perumanallur in tirupur district, on sunday.
;;0.0;;but towards the end, modi sought to invoke the name of late congress stalwart k kamaraj.
;;0.34;;during the function that lasted just nine minutes, palaniswami shared lighter moments with modi , and presented a memento of lord nataraja to him.
;;0.8625;;45 lakh crore which was bound to swell significantly while there will be a boost to made in india and make in india drive of the prime minister modi asked why was it decided to increase the life of vehicles to be scrapped from earlier 15 years to present proposed 20 years, the minister said the decision was taken to protect the interest of people who would have taken loans to buy commercial vehicles.
;;0.6124;;new delhi: prime minister modi and several other political leaders on tuesday paid tributes to freedom fighters chandra shekhar azad and bal gangadhar tilak at their birth anniversary.
;;0.5719;;the thankful nation will always remember his contribution, modi wrote on twitter, along with attaching a video message with it.
;;0.4767;;expressing his respect for chandra shekhar azad, prime minister modi said: my humble tribute to the son of bharat mata, chandrasekhar azad, on his birth anniversary.
;;0.7506;;jammu: jammu and kashmir deputy chief minister kavinder gupta on wednesday called for close coordination among various departments to ensure successful visit of prime minister modi to the state later this week.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah have visited the state in the past two months, launching the party's campaign for the assembly polls.
;;0.2732;;left-wing extremism is against the idea of democracy and under the leadership of prime minister modi we are committed to uproot it, shah tweeted after the meeting.
;;0.2732;;the construction of the flats in maloya had begun in june 2014 at a cost of rs 250 crore and prime minister modi was to hand over the flat keys to the allottees in may last year, but he could not as the project was incomplete.
;;0.6808;;the meeting was held ahead of a scheduled high-level 14th conference of parties (cop14) to united nations convention to combat desertification (unccd), which is to be inaugurated by prime minister modi at greater noida on monday.
;;-0.34;;thiruvananthapuram: questioning the authenticity of the clearance certificate from dubai police produced by binoy kodiyeri (son of cpm state secretary modi ) to prove his innocence in the alleged cheating case against him, bjp state president kummanam rajasekharan said that the case was still shrouded in mystery.
;;-0.1531;;the bjp state president also challenged modi to take legal action against media and the businessman, the complainant in the case, 'if the case was a fabricated one'.
;;0.0;;according to police sources, the women from surat had gone to take part in the convention which was addressed by prime minister modi the truck was carrying plywood.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi (l) shakes hands with russian president vladimir putin at a plenary session of ea.
;;0.0;;this came during prime minister modi modi's visit to russia for the 20th india-russia annual summit with russian president putin and the fifth meeting of the eastern economic forum.
;;-0.6908;;ahmedabad: dalit leader and mla, jignesh mevani wrote to prime minister modi about the need for the latters intervention on the recent rape cases in kathua in jammu and kashmir and in unnao in uttar pradesh.
;;-0.5106;;thiruvananthapuram: chief minister pinarayi vijayan will take up the matter of releasing fr tom uzhunnalil, who has been held captive by terror outfit islamic state , with prime minister modi in an upcoming meeting.
;;-0.5106;;it may be recalled cm k chandrashekar rao called prime minister modi a liar and asked him is this country your fathers jagir and alleged that modi has hindu-muslim disease.
;;0.0;;tdp president chandrababu naidu described kcr as chota modi.
;;0.4588;;raipur: prime minister modi on thursday dedicated to the nation the integrated command and control centre set up at naya raipur - the upcoming capital city of chhattisgarh the centre will control and monitor online water and power supply, sanitation, traffic movement, integrated building management, city connectivity and internet infrastructure (data centre), under one roof.
;;0.0;;modi inspected the centre and also interacted with local school children present there.
;;-0.6486;;thrissur: prime minister modi on sunday launched a scathing attack on congress and communists saying they are united only in undermining institutions, corruption and in attacking him.
;;0.0;;the eci had to convene a press conference to clarify its stand, modi alleged.
;;0.2263;;according to modi , the congress and communists had no genuine respect for the rights of the women.
;;-0.4588;;modi also attacked the ldf and the congress on their stance on the sabarimala issue.
;;-0.4767;;thiruvananthapuram: cpm state secretary modi accused congress workers of fanning protests against state ministers, including the chief minister while they visit cyclone-hit coastal areas.
;;-0.3875;;prime minister modi did not even care to ring kerala cm though he spoke with tamil nadu cm over the phone to inquire about the situation.
;;-0.6908;;co/glmvazhg97  karnataka congress (@inckarnataka) 1564542130000new delhi: congress leader abhishek singhvi on wednesday accused prime minister modi of betraying the people who voted for an independent and hassle-free economy.
;;0.1045;;today he has absolutely betrayed the people who voted for him to see a robust, independent, hassle free economy, singhvi said on twitter singhvi also alleged that, since his re-election, modi has tried majoritarianism, minoritarianism, kashmir, pakistan, muslim women, ram and even man vs wild to divert the attention of the people.
;;0.7351;;prime minister modi announced an ex-gratia relief of rs 1 lakh from the pm's relief fund to the next of the kin of the deceased e-rickshaw driver ravinder, 33, for espousing the social cause of swachh bharat.
;;-0.8074;;modi, who is on a four nation tour, has condemned the killing and directed the authorities to bring the culprits to book.
;;-0.4215;;kolkata: on a day the state bjp marches to lalbazar protesting against the deteriorating law and order situation in bengal, chief minister mamata banerjee will call on prime minister modi in new delhi on the demands of the state.
;;0.0;;pune: union textile minister smriti irani on sunday said that she would quit politics the day prime minister modi retired.
;;0.0;;i now serve under the leadership of modi modi.
;;-0.0516;;the day pradhan sevak modi decides to hang up his boots, i will also leave indian politics.
;;0.0;;mr. modi has the votes in the electoral college and so decides who gets to be indias next president.
;;-0.3632;;lk advaniwhy he doesnt fit mr. modis bill: the architect of hindutva, lk, has fallen out with mr. modi , his one-time protege as well as benefactor.
;;-0.2023;;next general election is two years away; if there is battle inside bjp for the top job, may plump for swaraj over modi.
;;0.0;;why he fits the bill: lk, like mr. modi , has fallen out with the rss brass, now on the rampage with adityanaths elevation.
;;0.4019;;mr. modi could use lks help to stymie nagpur.
;;0.0772;;mr. modi might want his strident voice to check nagpur.
;;-0.128;;adityanaths ascension has given mr. modi a bad global image; mr. mukherjees continuance might rectify that situation for a prime minister who cares about nothing more than his global image.
;;0.0;;plus his chanakya-like advice could come in handy for mr. modi.
;;-0.652;;mohan bhagwatwhy he doesnt fit mr. modis bill: mr. modi doesnt like him; he doesnt like mr. modi.
;;-0.2755;;farooq abdullahwhy he doesnt fit mr. modis bill: mr. modi is in partnership with abdullahs bete noire, mehbooba mufti.
;;0.707;;could become hugely popular like kalam and overshadow mr. modi.
;;0.0;;additionally, will take a year or two to get his feet wet, in which time mr. modi can coax him to see his way.
;;0.1779;;4 billion then, no easy choices for mr. modi to anoint the conscience keeper of the country.
;;0.1655;;sure, mr. modi , is on a roll, but he could stumble.
;;0.3818;;soon after lok sabha had passed the bill on january 8, sarma had said that prime minister modi , by dint of this proposed legislation, will ensure that 17 assembly seats in assam will never go to (aiudf chief) badruddin ajmal and jinnah.
;;-0.9423;;stressing that the international monetary fund had already warned that if the trend continued the nation would face its worst financial crisis, haokip demanded dissolution of the bjp-led nda government and resignation of prime minister modi for the blunder.
;;0.0;;the decision about this was taken when prime minister modi was hosted by president donald trump at the white house on june 26 last year.
;;0.3291;;it is a challenging task to break the popularity of prime minister modi , but the efforts made by rahul gandhi resulted in the revival of congress, he adds.
;;-0.9423;;new delhi: in an extraordinary intervention, prime minister modi on tuesday got the i&b ministry to scrap its controversial plan to punish journalists for purveying alleged fake news pm has directed that the press release regarding fake news be withdrawn and the matter should only be addressed by the press council of india , an official statement said amid gathering protests from the media against the ministry's controversial move, which also drew attacks from the opposition.
;;0.0;;the cm was on his way to satara as a part of his 'mahajanadesh yatra', which is set to conclude on september 19 in nashik district and to be attended by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5574;;prime minister modi had approved of her application on november 15, after the state government recommended the same.
;;0.4767;;the ambitious gaganyaan mission was announced by prime minister modi during his independence day speech in 2018.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi with bihar chief minister nitish kumar at patna airport on sundaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.9349;;begusarai: prime minister modi said on sunday he shares the anger and anguish of every indian over the terrorist attack in which 40 crpf personnel were martyred at pulwama in jammu and kashmir last thursday.
;;0.4986;;pm modi has assured that the sacrifices and tears wont go wasted, sumo said.
;;0.5423;;the former maharashtra minister also dismissed prime minister modi modi's recent claim that his government has honoured dalit icon b r ambedkar like no other previous dispensation.
;;-0.2023;;raut charged modi and the bjp with issuing such statements only eyeing the community's votes.
;;-0.0997;;criticising modi over his comment that his government has honoured ambedkar more than any other government, raut said the dalit icon himself was not supportive of the rss or hindu mahasabha.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: prime minister modi will inaugurate the annual meeting of the african development bank (afdb) on may 23 in gujarat, an event which would provide an opportunity for new delhi to deepen india's economic ties with africa.
;;0.0;;chennai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on wednesday will not have a one-on-one meeting with prime minister modi to discuss constitution of the cauvery management board .
;;0.5574;;instead, he will attend a brainstorming session convened by modi with chief ministers to discuss the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of mahatma gandhi at rashtrapati bhavan palaniswami, however, is scheduled to meet senior advocates at tamil nadu house on wednesday, a day before the cauvery hearing is taken up by the supreme court.
;;-0.4404;;meanwhile, state government officials denied speculations about a one-on-one meeting between modi and palaniswami.
;;0.0;;the government has not sought an appointment with modi during the upcoming cms session, nor has the the pm given one, an official said.
;;0.6705;;prime minister modi addressing the 14th conference of parties cop 14 united nations convention to com.
;;0.0762;;according to dba general secretary modi , rules provide for the termination of the membership of a lawyer-member if s/he does not pay the membership fees for more than a year.
;;0.3818;;bharuch: speaking in amod on december 3, prime minister modi hailed bharuch and kutch as the fastest growing districts  both have large muslim populations (more than 20 ).
;;0.0;;as he spoke about the prosperity that industrialization has ushered in here, modi even visualized bharuch as an international tourism hub due to sardar patels statue of unity at kevadiya and the recently-launched dahej-ghogha ferry service.
;;0.0;;modi had even taken potshots at ahmed patel, the native of bharuch, saying that despite wielding tremendous clout in the upa government, he did little for development of this region and gujarat too.
;;0.5267;;this fact was acknowledged by modi too when he had laid the foundation stone for rs 4,3378 crore bhadbhut barrage which would stop salinity ingress and ensure sweet drinking water to bharuch and other towns.
;;0.0;;the pcpir was inaugurated by modi in march 17 this year with the anchor tenant ongc petro additions ltd (opal) investing rs 30,000 crore.
;;-0.6908;;internal communication we have recovered instructs cadre to eliminate prime minister modi in action similar to what helped kill (former pm) rajiv gandhi.
;;-0.6808;;jamshedpur: it was a closure of sorts for manjeet kaur , who received a compensation of rs 5 lakh announced by prime minister modi for the kin of victims of the 1984 anti-sikh riots soon after he came to power in 2014.
;;0.6369;;isro chairman k sivan announcedbengaluru: prime minister modi on saturday addressed the scientists at isro headquarters in bengaluru and outlined that the country's best is yet to come in the field of space missions.
;;0.7474;;highlighting that there will be more opportunities to rejoice in future, pm modi added, to our scientist, i want to say india is with you.
;;0.6865;;we will give you several more opportunities to smile, prime minister modi added.
;;-0.296;;a number of directions have been issued to the delhi police, including more use of technology and transparent system to minimise grievances, following the last meeting of prime minister modi with all secretaries and chief secretaries.
;;-0.3612;;toi had on february 28 first reported how modi had remarked asking who will complain against police.
;;-0.1119;;saying so, he also strongly criticised prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi on thursday called india's democracy a celebration of our age old plurality, recalling that religions and beliefs from all over the world flourished in the country.
;;0.5106;;in his address, modi appreciated the king's work toward de-radicalisation.
;;0.0;;referring to prime minister modi modis speech in lok sabha on thursday, pawar said, it was the last session of parliament before the elections.
;;0.4404;;speaking during the reply to the motion of thanks to the presidents address, modi had in his speech tore into the opposition.
;;0.0;;it was constituted on a prod from prime minister modi who had addressed senior tax officials and wants the new law to reflect modern-day reality.
;;0.7845;;hyderabad: four years after prime minister modi launched his ambitious digital india mission, around 51 railway stations coming under the ambits of both south central railway and east coast railway have got free wi-fi connectivity.
;;0.0;;preparations have started at the ground for the upcoming swearing-in, which may be attended by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5859;;prime minister modi in his election campaign in the state had also promised an early solution.
;;0.128;;in april 2016, prime minister modi launched the pilot of electronic national agriculture market (enam) as part of the central government's objective to double farmers' income by 2022.
;;0.7184;;prime minister modi attend the bjp parliamentary party meeting at parliament house: ptinew delhi: prime minister modi tuesday asked bjp mps to nurse their constituency by playing a leading role in its development and advised them to take up a cause of human sensitivity like eradication of leprosy or tuberculosis , parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi told reporters.
;;0.3612;;modi spoke about disease like leprosy and tb and invoked mahatma gandhi.
;;0.3612;;if it sets up the harbour at lakadi port, it has to spend only rs 100 crore, as lakadi is a natural harbour and will not require much spending, explained modi.
;;0.296;;gehlot also read out a letter he has written to prime minister modi on farmers issues, including purchase of  moong on minimum support price and the demand to waive farm loans across the country.
;;0.7783;;the decision of the cabinet came days after chief justice of india ranjan gogoi wrote to prime minister modi to increase the number of judges in the top court.
;;0.4646;;former union minister and senior bjp leader arun jaitley (pti, file photo)bjpnarendra modiamit shahnew delhi: former union minister and senior bjp leader arun jaitley did not just play a crucial role in the government but he was also instrumental in the rise of the bjp, prime minister modi and home minister amit shah the master strategist that he was, he extended crucial help to both the nda governments of atal bihari vajpayee and modi and the bjp all these years.
;;0.1027;;when modi became prime minister in 2014, arun jaitley got the charge of finance, corporate affairs and defence ministries.
;;-0.1531;;besides piloting goods and services tax (gst) in parliament and its smooth implementation and minimising the impact of demonetisation, he battled the opposition and defended the modi government over the rafale fighter jet issue.
;;0.0;;due to his acumen, he was assigned the information and broadcasting portfolio twice in his political career - first in 1999 in the vajpayee government and then from november 2014 to july 2016 in modi 1.
;;0.2732;;even without holding the information and broadcasting portfolio, jaitley strongly defended the modi government through his facebook blog.
;;0.34;;arun jaitley has throughout played a major role in prime minister modi modi's political career.
;;0.4019;;as bjp national general secretary (organisation), modi had stayed in the annexe of jaitley's official 9, ashoka road bungalow adjacent to the party headquarters.
;;0.0;;jaitley is believed to have had a major role in replacing keshubhai patel with modi as the gujarat chief minister in october 2001.
;;-0.7184;;as gujarat chief minister when modi was under attack from all quarters over the 2002 riots, jaitley came to his defence.
;;0.4404;;while vajpayee was against the continuance of modi as gujarat cm, lk advani was in its favour.
;;0.6369;;jaitley was also an ardent supporter of modi and helped build his image as a development man.
;;0.5574;;after the bjp's defeat in the 2009 lok sabha election under the leadership of advani, jaitley was one of the prominent party leaders to slowly and cautiously promote modi as the man who would lead the 2014 general election.
;;0.0;;former bjp leaders yashwant sinha and shatrughan sinha were also opposed to projection of modi as the party's face.
;;-0.2023;;besides jaitley, the two other senior party leaders who solidly backed modi as the bjp's prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 lok sabha election were the party's then president rajnath singh and the then goa chief minister manohar parrikar, who died on march 17.
;;0.4215;;thankfully, the people of this country have already elected such a government in 2014, that working under theleadership of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1779;;carmon also said that his country can also extend their cooperation to the 'namami gange' project rolled out by prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: a day after cpm state secretary modi urged sfi leadership to rethink against declaring college campuses as 'red fort', bjp state president kummanam rajasekharan said that cpm should set an example for young comrades.
;;-0.7506;;ahmedabad: gujarat government on saturday tightened noose around suspended ips officer sanjeev bhatt, who had implicated gujarat chief minister modi in the 2002 riots.
;;-0.7579;;bhatt was arrested on friday connection with a fir filed against him by police constable kd pant for allegedly threatening and making him sign a false affidavit about a high-level meeting called by modi on february 27, 2002.
;;-0.4588;;pant alleged that bhatt had forced him to back his allegations on record against modi modi.
;;-0.6705;;bhatt had accused gujarat chief minister modi of complicity in 2002 post-godhra riots.
;;-0.34;;kolkata: eminent personalities including filmmakers, novelists and historians across the country have sent an open letter to the prime minister modi accentuating increase in religious identity based hate crimes in the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi visited yavatmal district of maharashtra on saturdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.6249;;yavatmal/dhule: inaugurating a slew of projects during his tour of maharashtra on saturday, pm modi presented his government's progress report and developmental agenda and stated that if the people of india had not given the nda a strong and unambiguous mandate in 2014, the country would have been still stuck on the path of slow development.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: the congress party is facing a financial crisis that could undermine its ability to wrest power from prime minister modi 's wealthy bharatiya janata party (bjp) in 2019.
;;0.8313;;at last count, bjp rules with its allies in 20 states, several of them wrested from the grand old party, and modi remains the most popular leader ahead of next year's federal elections.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 30, 2018dyfi workers donning masks of pm modi , union minister nitin gadkari and mp nalin kumar kateel.
;;-0.4215;;mangaluru: a group of dyfi workers from ullal unit donning masks of prime minister modi , union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari and dk mp nalin kumar kateel on sunday performed the mock inauguration of the thokkottu flyover.
;;0.4019;;the modi government that came to power in 2014 promising achche din to citizens has still not been able to provide a achchi sadak (good road) to people of this city, santhosh said.
;;0.0;;the meeting was aimed at providing a new impetus to bilateral trade and commercial ties, in line with the mandate given by prime minister modi and president trump during their meeting at osaka , japan on 28 june 2019, the statement said.
;;0.0;;this was the first deliberations at official level on trade issues after the meeting of prime minister modi with the us president in japan, on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka in june.
;;0.5859;;vijayawada: tdp supremo n chandrababu naidu on sunday alleged that prime minister modi is trying to forcibly take control of the tirumala tirupati devasthanams ( ttd ) and said that anyone who meddles with lord balaji would pay a huge price.
;;0.5106;;the 2019 elections showed people that how strong bjp is and that people are with prime minister modi and the bjp.
;;-0.5994;;the parties, which decided to block trains on the bandh day, will also hold protest marches across cauvery delta districts to underscore the states rights in the water dispute, and show black flag to prime minister modi and other union ministers during their visits to the state.
;;0.0;;arun jaitley passed away19-month incarceration during emergencynew delhi: finance minister in modi 1.
;;0.0;;a close associate of prime minister modi , jaitley had his ear when it came to sensitive political issues.
;;0.128;;the project costing rs 2,467 crore was launched by prime minister modi through video conference from tirupur on sunday.
;;0.3612;;read also: trump says pm modi sought mediation on kashmir, india denieswe have seen @potus's remarks to the press that he is ready to mediate, if requested by india & pakistan, on kashmi https://t.
;;-0.5106;;india has already rejected trump's claim that prime minister modi sought his mediation on the kashmir issue.
;;0.5994;;on monday, trump stunned india by saying that prime minister modi , during the g20 summit in osaka, japan, sought his help in resolving the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;i was with prime minister modi two weeks ago and we talked about this subject (kashmir).
;;-0.34;;in new delhi, the ministry of external affairs was quick to deny that modi ever asked for a mediation on kashmir.
;;0.5106;;the drive is being initiated to mark prime minister modi modis call for a plastic free country through over a month-long drive swachhta hee sewa from september 11 to october 27 to commemorate mahatma gandhis 150th birth anniversary.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi opted for delhi metro to travel in the citytravelled to the iskcon temple and back via the delhi metro.
;;0.0;;co/sfyo5lhcvo  modi (@narendramodi) 1551191823000download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;new delhi: on tuesday, prime minister modi opted for delhi metro to travel in the city.
;;0.0;;delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc) spokesperson said modi boarded the train at 4.
;;0.0;;at iskcon temple, modi unveiled a giant bhagavad gita running into 670 pages and weighing 800kg.
;;-0.6486;;election is not about rahul +bengaluru: congress president rahul gandhi on thursday said prime minister modi 's attack on him declaring his prime ministerial ambitions was aimed at distracting attention.
;;0.3818;;at his election rallies, modi had wondered whether the country will ever accept such an immature and naamdar (famous) leader for the post.
;;0.0;;he also said modi sees a 'threat' in him.
;;-0.5719;;modi has anger inside.
;;0.0;;the congress president also dismissed modi indirectly over his mother's italian origins.
;;0.6476;;jammu: prime minister modi told me to make jammu and kashmir so prosperous that the people of pakistan occupied kashmir ( pok ) would want to come and settle here, governor satya pal malik said on saturday.
;;-0.5023;;the demand was also put forward before prime minister modi during his visit to hussaniwala to pay tributes to martyrs bhagat singh, rajguru, sukhdev on march 23, 2015, but to no avail.
;;-0.6249;;cpm is writing to prime minister modi against the violence.
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: chief minister pinarayi vijayan on monday hit back at prime minister modi for his remarks against the ldf during a yuva morcha rally at thrissur on sunday.
;;0.4404;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1526615773000watch: hd deve gowda visits tirupati balaji temple on his birthday 01:12bengaluru: with the jd(s) possibly holding the cards as dramatic developments unfolded in karnataka, both prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi wished the party's supremo hd deve gowda on his birthday.
;;0.6369;;i pray for his good health and long life, modi tweeted this morning.
;;0.0;;the congress president sought the former pms cooperation in taking on modi in karnataka and also across the country in the 2019 elections.
;;-0.9201;;siddaramaiah blamed prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah for the crisis and of introducing chaos and confusion to destabilise a democratically elected government.
;;0.4939;;churu: prime minister modi on tuesday held congress government responsible for no farmer from rajasthan getting the benefits of the newly launched pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi scheme.
;;-0.2486;;it is painful to see how schemes meant for poor are being politicized, said modi , while acknowledging his efforts, he added that don't worry, your pradhan sewak is after them for the list and i will ensure i get it.
;;0.0;;namumkin mumkin hai modi sarkar mein (the impossible is possible under modi government).
;;-0.6486;;continuing his attack, modi also charged gehlot government of creating obstacles in the way of ayushman bharat healthcare scheme.
;;-0.8176;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday hit back at congress for mocking bjps new india ideas including the proposal of simultaneous elections (one nation, one election) and for committing the sin of spreading pessimism by objecting to every new initiative.
;;0.2732;;modi accused congress of insulting the popular mandate because bjp won the polls.
;;-0.3818;;replying to the debate in rajya sabha on the presidents address, modi also stoutly defended use of electronic voting machines and slammed the opposition, particularly congress, for raising doubts over the machines and by implication questioning indias democratic exercise.
;;-0.2755;;modi cited several examples to drive home the point that people are not ready to take india to old days when they had to stand in queues to book rail ticket, approach politicians to get gas connections and appear for interviews even for class-iv jobs.
;;0.128;;his party colleague and rajya sabha mp, sanjay singh, lodged a complaint against prime minister modi at the north avenue police station.
;;0.1796;;the truth has now come to the fore and it has left the modi government completely exposed, singh alleged.
;;0.8176;;chandrapur: the citizens here were in for a pleasant surprise on sunday when prime minister modi made a proud mention of the five tribal ashram school students conquering the mount everest in his mann ki baat programme.
;;0.0;;the students are on their way back home and are likely to meet modi at delhi before returning to chandrapur.
;;0.0;;it is second instance when pm modi has mentioned chandrapur in the mann ki baat.
;;0.4215;;he said the government headed by chief minister modi favoured heavy industrialization in the state at the cost of farmers.
;;0.0;;pm modi begins by congratulating pm https://t.
;;-0.128;;co/gexddonqlx  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566749685000biarritz ( france ): prime minister modi and his british counterpart boris johnson met here on sunday and the two leaders discussed ways to strengthen bilateral cooperation.
;;0.5859;;pm modi begins by congratulating pm johnson on england's spectacular win in the third test of the ashes a short while ago.
;;0.0258;;during a telephone call early this week, johnson told modi that kashmir remains a bilateral matter between india and pakistan as far as the uk's view is concerned.
;;-0.128;;books on career guidance, childcare, fiction and autobiographies including that of prime minister modi were much in demand.
;;0.128;;palakkad: the officials of the agriculture department here said that they have so far received 94,483 applications from farmers of the district for pm-kisan scheme to get rs 2,000 each in their account in the first installment of the scheme launched by prime minister modi at gorakpur in uttar pradesh on saturday.
;;0.1027;;instead of going to the districts to examine drought conditions, bjp leaders should have gone to delhi and pressured prime minister modi to waive farms loans and increase compensation for farmers hit by drought.
;;-0.7964;;chandigarh: punjab chief minister amarinder singh on friday described prime minister modi as a jumlebaaz (con artist), master of deceit and disinformation, and the worst leader india had since independence.
;;0.0;;the cms statement came a day after modi addressed a rally in gurdaspur.
;;-0.8126;;modi has once again lied on every issue, from the 1984 anti-sikh riots to the kartarpur corridor to farm debt waiver.
;;-0.7717;;modi was talking nonsense to hide the failure of his government, he said.
;;-0.6705;;modi, at the rally, accused congress of putting hurdles in the way of the corridor plan and of instigating anti-sikh riots.
;;-0.1779;;amarinder also slammed modi for accusing the congress of handing over kartarpur to pakistan, calling upon the pm to get his history right before shooting through his mouth.
;;0.6901;;he said the congress government in punjab had fulfilled more promises in 21 months than the modi government at the centre in five years.
;;0.0;;one wonders with what face modi intends to go back to the people to seek re-election a few weeks from now.
;;-0.6908;;in a tweet, prime minister modi said: saddened by the loss of lives due to storms in some parts of the country.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi will be the star speaker at the 2019 edition of the global business summit (gbs) presented by yes bank and the economic times and powered by facebook .
;;0.4019;;with modi government's five-year term drawing to a close, it will be known for its aggressive reform-led inclusive growth agenda that included rolling out gst, insolvency and bankruptcy code, demonetisation to curb black money and india retaining its spot as the fastest growing major economy in the world.
;;0.0;;in each of his three speeches at gbs, modi has managed to capture the zeitgeist.
;;0.34;;in 2016, modi had shared his government's ambition to reboot india.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 23, 2018prime minister modi attend the bjp national woman's convention at adalaj near gandhinagar on saturday.
;;0.5719;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest cityahmedabad: prime minister modi on saturday gave the bjps women workers from across india the slogan mera booth, sabse mazboot to inspire their campaigning for the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;modi mentioned ahmedabad twice in his speech  while talking about achievements of women and the introduction of reservation for women.
;;0.1901;;most of the quality management systems being used in india like lean manufacturing and kaizan are based on japanese theory, but zed is an indigenous model introduced by pm modi himself.
;;0.0;;explaining how it all started, he said, prime minister modi had held a meeting of all ministries some time back where he asked all departments to use the full potential of space technology for the betterment of the common man.
;;0.5859;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said the opposition hype that bjp will fall short of 200 seats in the 2019 lok sabha polls is just a ploy to win over potential allies for their gatbandhan.
;;-0.5358;;modi maintained that there was no reason for people to not support bjp in 2019.
;;0.743;;i am happy that they accept that there is a word called modi wave or modi magic , he said.
;;-0.6808;;he criticised prime minister modi alleging that he had gone back on his words and that the nation has been duped by the bjp government.
;;0.3716;;prime minister modi had promised to ensure bring back black money, provide jobs and work for public welfare but nothing has been done for the country.
;;0.6114;;prime minister modi (ap)houston: a prominent indian-american muslim organisation in houston is actively backing the howdy, modi!
;;0.9042;;event to be held here on september 22 to welcome prime minister modi the indian american muslim association of greater houston (imagh) is one of the major welcome partners for the community reception in honour of prime minister modi.
;;0.0772;;given that prime minister modi and multiple government ministers will speak at the same event, i am concerned that mr trump's speech will send the mistaken message that he is speaking on behalf of the president, the administration or the united states government, not as a private individual, or that he is communicating official american policy, menendez said.
;;0.0;;the tweet of a picture of armys dog unit on yoga day with the comment new india, was seemingly a jibe at prime minister modi and the government.
;;0.6908;;the ruias funded the nupower and its subsidiary through their son-in-law nishant kanodia and nephew anirudh bhuwalka during december 2010 to march 2012 by subscribing to compulsorily convertible preference shares and equity shares, gupta has alleged in his fresh letter dated may 11, 2018, addressed to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 3, 2019<p>kodiyeri modi with pinarayi vijayan (file photo)<br></p>download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.128;;charminar: bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) state vice-president m a qavi abbasi on thursday lodged a police complaint against chief minister k chandrasekhar rao for his alleged derogatory remarks on prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6486;;but kcr denied any objectionable comments and said modi was his good friend and he would never make such remarks.
;;0.0;;coimbatore: a day ahead of prime minister modi modis visit to tirupur, state bjp president tamilisai soundararajan said the whole of tamil nadu is looking forward to the occasion.
;;0.3818;;reacting to the oppositions allegations of corruption regarding the rafale deal, soundararajan said, pm modi is putting tamil nadu on a growth path and that is a fact that the congress cannot digest.
;;-0.3818;;ayyakannu said the modi government is delaying the formation of the cmb as it would result in bjp losing the forthcoming assembly polls in karnataka.
;;-0.8442;;accusing the centre of destroying agriculture in tamil nadu, ayyakannu said that he will move the court for contempt of court against modi if the cmb is not formed.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 23, 2019prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;madurai: prime minister modi will lay the foundation stone for the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in madurai on january 27 when he will also flag off the bjps campaign for the lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;modi will address a public meeting at mandela nagar off the ring road in what would be his second visit to madurai, but his first as pm.
;;-0.9794;;mathura: recalling the horrific 9/11 terrorist attack in the us, prime minister modi said on wednesday that terrorism has now become a global threat and an ideology not confined to any single nation and is deeply rooted and flourishing in pakistan now terrorism has become an ideology which is not confined to the boundary of any nation.
;;-0.9657;;but unfortunately, on the same september 11, a big terrorist attack that shook the world took place in america, said pm modi he said that india has taken a bold step against terrorism in past and will continue to do so in future.
;;0.9186;;of the three exhortations, i hope the fm and her legion of tax officials and investigators heard the pm's second exhortation loud and clear  p. chidambaram (@pchidambaram_in) 1565922470000wealth creators are india's wealth, shouldn't be eyed with suspicion: pm modi in his independence day address, pm modi on thursday said wealth creators should not be eyed with suspicion and that they are country's wealth and should be respected.
;;0.0;;this is not the first time that pm modi has stood up for corporate india.
;;0.6131;;in july last year, modi had stated that he was not scared to be seen with industrialists as his conscience was clear.
;;0.34;;new delhi: senior congress leader p chidambaram on friday welcomed three announcements made by prime minister modi in his independence day (i-day) speech.
;;0.891;;those who create wealth are india's wealth and we respect them, pm modi stated.
;;0.0;;jab hamari sarkar hogi toh humse poochhiyega (you ask this question to prime minister modi .
;;0.6486;;his ability to work with bjp while keeping the rss line intact has helped the modi government strike a balance between the party and saffron fountainhead on crucial issues.
;;0.0;;he also said the words were uttered by yogi, but the ideology was of modi.
;;-0.7717;;allah will defeat prime minister modi , insult naidu, ensure rahul gandhis defeat and majils victory, he said.
;;-0.1027;;the bjp leader denied any rift within the party regarding the jan jagaran yatra after senior party leader modi denied his participation in it.
;;0.7651;;modi has never rejected the idea of the rally and he, too, will join it in accordance with party demands.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 10, 2019pm modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.6124;;agartala/itanagar: prime minister modi modis visits to tripura and arunachal pradesh led to widespread protests from anti-citizenship bill agitators on saturday.
;;-0.128;;it is also true that to protest against the citizenship bill, we have taken a decision at the party-level to boycott all programmes of modi .
;;-0.5719;;in itanagar , congress members agitating against the citizenship bill led the protests against modi.
;;0.0772;;holding black flags, placards and banners, a large number of congress members led by arunachal pradesh congress committee (apcc) general secretary chera taya took out a rally from rajiv gandhi bhawan to indira gandhi park, where modi laid the foundation to and inaugurated several projects.
;;-0.4588;;congress leaders led by taya addressed the gathering from atop a vehicle, attacking bjp, chief minister pema khandu and pm modi .
;;0.0;;modi and khandu, despite being protectors, have looted the state.
;;-0.2263;;the protests continued till modi left for guwahati around 11.
;;-0.6597;;bhopal: a day after over a dozen ruling congress-jd(s) mlas resigned in karnataka, senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad on sunday attacked prime minister modi , saying the bjp had poached the party's mlas in several states and questioned where had the 'vishwas' (trust) gone.
;;0.128;;lucknow: in what could be a game changer before the lok sabha polls, prime minister modi will transfer rs 25,000 crore into the bank accounts of nearly 12 crore farmers across the country in one click under the pm kisan samman nidhi scheme , to be launched at the national farmers convention in gorakhpur on sunday.
;;0.0;;modi will transfer the first instalment of rs 2,000 to every small and marginal farmer, identified in the first rollout of the scheme.
;;0.0;;the farmer convention in gorakhpur is scheduled to be inaugurated by bjp chief amit shah on saturday, while pm modi will preside over the closing ceremony.
;;0.0;;pm modi has been on a sop-announcing spree, laying foundations and dedicating a slew of projects in up cities, including his own constituency, varanasi, and the congress bastions of rae bareli and amethi where hes scheduled to launch a multi-crore project for the manufacture of kalashnikov rifles under indo-russian collaboration.
;;0.0;;this is the first high-level visit by any indian minister after prime minister modi 's re-election in may this year.
;;-0.2263;;later, the repairs were delayed following prime minister modi modis visit to the city on january 9 to address a public rally.
;;0.2716;;my voters are more important to me than prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7783;;we are unwavering in our commitment towards economic reforms, which will ensure an environment that fosters industry, investment and opportunities, prime minister modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;this is perhaps why prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah have been focusing on this region.
;;0.0;;modi will address 15 public rallies across the state.
;;0.6908;;addressing bjp workers in delhi, prime minister modi , who undertook a vigorous campaign, hailed the party's win in karnataka as unparalleled and unprecedented.
;;0.6597;;once people of india decide to do something, there is no force that can prevent them from getting the desired results, said prime minister modi emphasising how the commitment was fulfilled four years in advance.
;;-0.3612;;modi invoked two bollywood movie titles and said, i just want to tell people associated with this work that the story that started with fear of ek tha tiger (once there was a tiger) has now reached the stage of tiger zinda hai (tiger is alive).
;;0.0;;modi also released a report on the management of various reserves with pench tiger reserve , madhya pradesh, scoring the highest.
;;0.7096;;image used for representational purposestockholm: to give the world a better idea of prime minister modi modis dream project of cleaning and rejuvenating the ganga, namami gange made its presence felt at the world water week  one of the biggest events on conserving and managing water contamination in the world  in stockholm namami gange pitched a big stall, and attracted environment warriors of all kinds, from water experts to activists.
;;0.6369;;the cm said that, regardless of the number of times prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah might make to the state ahead of the polls, they would be unable to prevent a congress win.
;;0.7506;;the bjp has learnt that it will win only about 60 to 70 seats through an internal survey, and modi and shah have been visiting the state to try and increase that number to 80.
;;-0.7964;;dubbing pm modi a liar, siddaramaiah said, no other pm has lied as much as modi after india became an independent nation.
;;0.0;;ranchi: prime minister modi on thursday inaugurated a newly constructed building of jharkhand assembly at kute gram here.
;;0.7351;;agartala: scripting its landmark victory in this tiny state in north-east, bjp now wants a show of strength for the swearing-in of the new government in tripura the state party is in touch with the pmo for dates from prime minister modi , who would be the chief guest at the swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.3818;;this is also the resolve of our prime minister modi .
;;0.34;;the venue of the rally would be same where prime minister modi and former chief minister bhupinder singh hooda had addressed rallies on september 8 and august 18, respectively.
;;0.7964;;new delhi: prime minister modi today hoped the winter session of parliament will be a productive one with constructive debates and innovative suggestions that will help resolve the country's problems.
;;-0.7269;;this story is from october 26, 2018rahul gandhidownload the times of india news app for latest citykota: congress president rahul gandhi on thursday questioned prime minister modi modi's silence over the rape allegations levelled against uttar pradesh mla kuldeep singh sengar.
;;-0.4767;;kochi: putting an end to the controversy that no cpm leader visited the house of s r sreejith, who died in police custody on april 9, the party state secretary modi visited sreejith's kin on monday.
;;0.7964;;beijing: china on monday welcomed prime minister modi 's 'positive remarks' on india-china relations at the shangri-la dialogue and expressed willingness to work with india to follow the consensus between the leadership of the two countries to maintain the momentum in the bilateral ties.
;;0.8979;;prime minister modi in his keynote address at the shangri-la dialogue in singapore, asia's premier defence and strategic affairs conference, last week had said that asia and the world will have a better future when india and china work together with trust and confidence while being sensitive to each other's interests.
;;0.7579;;welcoming modi's remarks at a media briefing, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson, hua chunying said, we have noted the positive remarks made by prime minister modi on china-india relations.
;;0.1027;;recalling the informal summit between modi and chinese president xi jinping at wuhan in april this year, hua said, they had in-depth exchange of views on the international landscape and bilateral relations and reached many consensus.
;;0.4588;;three new units of 660mw were being dedicated to the nation by prime minister modi on april 14.
;;0.8442;;prime minister modi had made it clear that the armed forces had been given a free hand to take action at any place or time they felt appropriate.
;;0.8442;;the approval to their demands by the central government came on wednesday evening following the clearance given by the cabinet headed by prime minister modi all the gds in trichy postal region will report for duty tomorrow (thursday) as the cabinet approval gives us a new hope, said divisional secretary of national federation of postal employees s govindarajan on wednesday.
;;0.0;;guwahati: a day after prime minister modi in silchar said the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016 will be passed in parliament soon, 32 indigenous organizations led by north east students' organization (neso) and all assam students' union (aasu) called a total shutdown across the northeast on january 8.
;;0.0;;patna: bihar cm and jd(u) national president nitish kumar will meet prime minister modi in new delhi on saturday.
;;-0.1027;;pm modi also praised nitish for liquor ban in bihar.
;;0.0516;;he also referred to the fact that even prime minister modi spoke in hindi at international events and many other prominent hindi-speaking indians had overcome their inferiority complex.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: after being refused permission for a road show in ahmedabad city, prime minister modi arrived for campaigning in mehsana district via seaplane from the sabarmati river in the city.
;;0.4019;;carrying modi and other party functionaries, the seaplane landed on a pond of the dharoi dam in mehsana.
;;0.0;;the official said both russia and india are likely to announce the deal before an annual summit between prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin in october.
;;-0.7003;;the move follows a complaint by wildlife activist manoj r to prime minister modi regarding alleged illegal implementation of the canopy walk tourism project construction work in dandeli wildlife sanctuary.
;;0.128;;porvorim: while welcoming prime minister modi modis decision to meet and discuss goas mining crisis with a delegation of elected representatives and goa mining peoples front, goa forward party suggested that it may be too little, too late.
;;0.4404;;speaking during the supplementary budget debate in the state legislative assembly, adityanath said prime minister modi had asked the state to accept the challenge.
;;0.1531;;the government on monday declared its intent to secure early passage of the controversial triple talaq bill, with prime minister modi identifying it as one of his priorities for the budget session.
;;0.0;;the administration of prime minister modi has sought suggestions from stakeholders for a draft space activities bill, which it has said could possibly be introduced in parliament this year.
;;0.0;;the 50:50 deal marks the recognition of parity that the saffron outfit has achieved under pm modi modi.
;;0.34;;the success was followed by a stunning turn in his career when he responded to rjd's bullying with a rapprochement with modi and return to nda: a manoeuvre which ensured that he continues as cm and the dominant political player in bihar.
;;0.0;;however, objections were brushed aside by modi and shah.
;;0.2732;;in fact, a 50:50 deal for the ls polls, well-placed sources in both parties have maintained for months, had been agreed upon last year itself when nitish returned to the bjp-led alliance, putting aside bitterness and rancour that had marked the parting of ways over modi being nda's pm candidate.
;;-0.2263;;gandhinagar: chief minister modi has demanded that the headquarters of delhi-mumbai industrial corridor (dmic) be shifted from new delhi to ahmedabad.
;;-0.9186;;whenever they open their mouths, they fire off lies like ak 47, modi said said, asking bjp workers to counter the disinformation campaign by apprising people of factspm modi sought to assure the cadre that oppositions allegations were finding no resonance among people and on the contrary, such charges have put off members of the general public who were upset with the negativity, the refusal to recognise the good work that has been done and the abuses and insults which have been trained even at the army.
;;0.0;;rajkot: work on the proposed new international airport at rajkot is yet to take off even six months after prime minister modi laid its foundation.
;;0.0;;just few days before the gujarat assembly elections were announced last year, pm modi had laid the foundation stone for the new international greenfield airport near hirasar, about 30km from rajkot city.
;;0.34;;sco summit +modi will hold bilateral meetings +excited to lead delegation for india's first-ever sco summit as a full member, says pm modi ahead of the two-day shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit beginning tomorrow in china, prime minister modi on friday said he was excited to lead the indian delegation for the grouping's first-ever meeting with the country as a full member.
;;-0.25;;modi will also meet all the leaders of the central asian states, though it's unclear whether he will have a meeting with his pakistani counterpart, khaqan abbasi.
;;0.7351;;tuticorin: terming the aiadmk a puppet in the hands of prime minister modi and the bjp, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury on tuesday exhorted the party cadre to pool in the maximum number of anti-bjp votes to save tamil nadu and india.
;;0.631;;yechury wondered how the bjp government did not have funds for waiving loans obtained by farmers across india for rs 80,000 crore, but had the money and the heart to waive loans obtained by the corporate friends of modi to the tune of rs 2 lakh crore over the last four years.
;;0.1531;;ridiculing some of the key election assurances made by modi in 2014, he said that the bjp government had created joblessness instead of new jobs.
;;0.3818;;he has a clear understanding of the issues in the northeast regarding the bill, conrad said, adding that the delegation will soon meet prime minister modi to discuss the issue.
;;-0.0258;;bidar: ridiculing bjp for fielding brothers and confidants of tainted mining baron g janardhana reddy in the assembly elections, congress president rahul gandhi on thursday said prime minister modi had got his party to field the entire clan of gabbar singh of sholay in the assembly elections.
;;0.0;;in another rally at bhalki, rahul asked modi to explain to the people of karnataka why he also chose a tainted b s yeddyurappa as the party's chief ministerial face for karnataka.
;;-0.7203;;hitting back at modi for making personal attacks on him, rahul said the pm's statement against him does not befit a person holding high office and he does not want to counter it by making personal attacks since modi is the pm.
;;0.0;;whenever modi is afraid.
;;-0.296;;modi should instead speak of his party's plan for karnataka's growth or the scams that are being perpetrated in the country.
;;0.0;;nirav modi ran off with rs 30,000 crore.
;;0.7108;;biarritz/london: prime minister modi speaks very good english, but he just doesn't want to talk, us president donald trump said jokingly on monday before the two friends met for formal talks on the sidelines of the g-7 summit.
;;-0.2023;;pm modi and trump exchanged a warm handshake and spoke to the media on india-pak tensions, bilateral trade and other issues.
;;0.6452;;modi answered questions posed by reporters in hindi he (pm modi) actually speaks very good english, he just doesn't want to talk, trump joked when prime minister modi asked reporters to let the leaders talk in privacy.
;;0.6478;;pm modi called trump a friend and said it was a very important meeting for me.
;;0.6249;;it's great to be here with prime minister modi , trump said, adding that he learned a lot about india from modi at the g7 summit dinner on sunday.
;;0.0;;palanpur: back from china, chief minister modi observed a day-long fast in patan as part of his sadbhavana mission.
;;0.0;;earlier, modi visited an exhibition organized by the information department to show the development of the district during the last decade.
;;0.7845;;'' modi attributed the success of his 10 years in power to the 6 crore people of the state and said that it was their strength.
;;0.2732;;earlier several religious heads greeted modi on the occasion.
;;-0.6249;;advanis comments followed lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan adjourning the house for a second time after congress mps disrupted proceedings and demanded an apology from prime minister modi for his allegations of conspiracy against former pm manmohan singh.
;;0.4767;;we have to respect the decision of the highest court, gadkari said, adding that prime minister modi is concerned about the people of goa.
;;0.2263;;noida: lieutenant vijayant thapar marg was choked for an hour on monday afternoon as thousands of jubilant residents gathered outside the botanical garden metro station to have a glimpse of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;modi, who flew to noida by a helicopter, landed at a makeshift helipad at the botanical garden area at 12.
;;0.5943;;foreign office spokesman mohammad faisal said, kartarpur is not an isolated event and the process to engage india was set in motion by prime minister khan when he wrote a letter to prime minister modi in september, offering dialogue to resolve all disputes, including kashmir.
;;0.0;;modi congratulated khan on his victory, while the indian high commissioner in islamabad met him and presented a cricket bat signed by the indian team.
;;-0.0572;;co/jkxdgyogbh  kapil sibal (@kapilsibal) 1568344718000new delhi: we don't want to see the rest of the film, senior congress leader kapil sibal said on friday, taking a dig at prime minister modi over his remark that the nda 2.
;;-0.802;;prime minister modi , in an address in ranchi, on thursday said development and the fight against corruption and terrorism during the first 100 days of the nda 2.
;;-0.7783;;mevani dubbed prime minister modi modis speech in chamarajanagar on tuesday dull and a disaster.
;;0.0;;modi did not utter a single word on these issues.
;;0.0;;when the youngsters of this country are asking questions, modi is silent, mevani said.
;;0.0;;modi keeps talking about ambedkar, but in his heart, there is only manu.
;;0.1531;;indians v/s bjpreacting to modis challenge to all india congress committee president rahul gandhi, wherein the former asked the latter to speak uninterruptedly for 15 minutes listing the achievements of the congress government in karnataka, mevani said, i challenge pm modi to speak for four minutes about his achievements in four years.
;;-0.5574;;stating that modi had done nothing for gujarat in the past 22 years, mevani said, the gujarat model is a fascist and communal model of development.
;;-0.4767;;if he has a 56-inch chest, let him have nirav modi , and vijay mallya arrested.
;;0.34;;the deceased, along with 10 other commandos, were headed for dwarka for the security arrangement at the venue of one-day sadhbhavna fast by chief minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;issuing a statement, gohil said that modi should also give job to family members of the two commandos.
;;0.0;;earlier this week, chief minister amarinder singh had also written separate letters to prime minister modi and union minister for consumer affairs, food and public distribution ram vilas paswan.
;;0.0;;co/zxz8wfaosq  arun jaitley (@arunjaitley) 1565116903000prime minister modi and home minister shri amit shah achieved the impossible with the new kashmir pol https://t.
;;0.0;;in a thread of 10 tweets, jaitley congratulated prime minister modi and home minister amit shah for axing article 370.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and home minister shri amit shah achieved the impossible with the new kashmir policy.
;;0.0;;as a result, the highway ministry may not be able to follow through with its plan of prime minister modi laying the foundation stone for the project next month.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: congress vicepresident rahul gandhi on sunday said that prime minister modi modis face says that the congress is coming to power in gujarat in 2017.
;;-0.7268;;continuing his attack on modi , gandhi used the chaiwalla example at almost all his rallies on sunday, stating that even chaiwallas are not happy with the implementation of the gst.
;;0.0;;new delhi prime minister modi modis visit to russia and subsequent trip to kazakhstan early next month for the shanghai cooperation organisation summit are expected to give a major push to the much-delayed international north south transportation corridor (instc) and other connectivity channels.
;;-0.7922;;chennai: dmk working president m k stalin has accused prime minister modi of murdering democracy by ensuring the swearing-in of a bjp government in karnataka that did not enjoy a majority.
;;0.0;;the isro plans to send three indians to space by 2022, an announcement made by prime minister modi during his last independence day speech.
;;0.0;;in nashik on wednesday, prime minister modi said the decision to revoke provisions under article 370 was a decision for india's unity.
;;0.4927;;and i am very pleased today to come in the aftermath of the wuhan summit where the consensus between our leaders on global and regional issues has expanded, he said, referring to the summit meeting between prime minister modi and chinese president xi.
;;0.0;;during his three-day visit, jaishankar will hold talks with the chinese leadership on a host of issues including finalisation of arrangements for president xi's visit to india later this year for the second informal summit with prime minister modi.
;;0.4019;;the visit of jaishankar, the first indian minister to tour china after the modi government began its second term, is also taking place in the aftermath of india's decision to revoke special status to jammu and kashmir and its division into two union territories -jammu and kashmir, and ladakh.
;;0.3818;;today, the rajya sabha was adjourned for the day as the congress insisted on resolving the impasse over prime minister modi modi's remarks against manmohan singh.
;;0.6597;;new delhi: on a day when congress president rahul gandhi appointed his younger sister, priyanka, party general secretary, prime minister modi said bjp is the only party that remains democratic while others have been reduced to family fiefs.
;;0.0;;modi did not mention names, but the timing of his remarks during an interaction with bjp workers from maharashtra, made them appear aimed at congress sudden move to entrust priyanka with a hefty position.
;;0.4767;;kcr himself had met prime minister modi to get the centres approval.
;;0.2023;;the poster circulated by mhrd has prime minister modi modis image on top corner and azads on the other.
;;0.6249;;mumbai: prime minister modi is expected to launch the campaign for the upcoming lok sabha elections at solapur on january 9 while laying the foundation stone for one of the worlds largest affordable housing schemes at rs 1,811 crore, a rs 244 crore water distribution improvement project, a rs 180 crore underground sewerage scheme as well as a rs 205 crore sewerage system in the city.
;;0.9545;;yours in good faith, (letter typed and signed bysunil warrieron behalf of maya, kankatta, bittu, t1, t12, t3, t16, choti tara, matkasur, chota matkasur and more than 2,600 tigers)inspired by the open letters from filmmakers, actors, historians and other two-legged indians, more than 2,600 tigers of the country decided to write to prime minister modi and environment minister prakash javadekar with an impassioned plea: save forests, save tigers dear prime minister ji and environment minister ji warm greetings on global tiger day from all of us.
;;-0.7269;;the rally at ramlila maidan had just begun to disperse after rahul's 30-minute-long bitter attack on prime minister modi when the congress chief returned to the mic to seek permission of workers for a leave of 10-15 days.
;;0.296;;significantly, rahul invoked religion to launch a strong assault on modi  the running theme of his speech in front of party workers and senior leadership including sonia and manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 18, 2018pm modi will also lay the foundation stone for the third metro line between hinjewadi and shivajinagar in pune.
;;0.2263;;prime minister modi will launch infrastructure and housing projects worth about rs 41,000 crore in the state on tuesday, said officials on the eve of his visit.
;;0.2023;;soon after reaching the state capital in the morning, modi is to attend an event organised by a tv channel and release the book timeless laxman at raj bhavan later.
;;0.0772;;modi will then proceed to pune, where he will lay the foundation stone for the rs 8,313-crore, 23 km third metro line between hinjewadi and shivajinagar, being implemented by pune metropolitan region development authority on a public-private partnership basis.
;;0.0;;modi will fly to delhi from pune on tuesday night, said an official.
;;0.8074;;prime minister modi is committed to ensuring good governance and restoring democratic ambience in tripura.
;;0.0;;saying that the country has been progressing in the right direction under prime minister modi modis leadership, nath said he left congress in response to modis call for a new india.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who is scheduled to visit south gujarat for inaugurating dandi memorial at dandi village on january 30, will be flagging off the maiden international flight from surat to sharjah.
;;0.2263;;modi will also be laying foundation stone for the rs350 crore worth of infrastructure projects, including terminal expansion, taxi track, apron etc.
;;0.0;;on this day, prime minister modi , who is visiting dandi, will come to surat for flagging off the aircraft.
;;0.7845;;prime minister modi too was greeted with loud cheers and slogans by bjp members when he arrived in the house just before shah was to respond to the debate on motion to abrogate special status to jammu and kashmir and a bill which splits the state into two union territories.
;;0.1531;;after lok sabha was adjourned sine die, members came to shah's seat to congratulate him and greet prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6369;;later, modi walked towards opposition benches and shared greetings with leaders including bjd's pinaki misra, trs' nama nagaeshwar rao and briefly interacted with sp patriarch mulayam singh yadav.
;;0.0;;modi also patted bjp's ladakh mp jamyang tsering namagyal for his speech on the resolution and the bill.
;;0.2732;;lucknow/ayodhya: from sita's 'maika' (maternal home) in janakpur - now in nepal - to her 'sasural' (in-laws' home) in ayodhya, the route for the bus flagged off by prime minister modi in nepal on friday is repl ete with mythological significance.
;;0.0;;speaking about the increasing petrol and diesel prices, narayanasamy said prime minister modi is on a path of self-destruction.
;;-0.1531;;narayanasamy said the outcome of karnataka election would expose the double standards of modi.
;;0.1779;;earlier, pu vice-chancellor said the teachers, students and non-teaching staff had accepted the challenge posed by prime minister modi and were striving hard to take the university to the top.
;;0.4019;;ranchi: prime minister modi on thursday said the nda government had shown, within the first 100 days of its second term, the will and determination to send the corrupt where they belong.
;;0.2023;;playing on the central theme of modi 2.
;;0.128;;it is just the beginning of the five years we have, added modi , sporting a traditional red turban gifted to him by jharkhand cm raghubar das the pm launched the pradhan mantri kisan maan dhan yojana, a pension scheme for farmers and small traders, and the eklavya vidyalaya scheme for tribal students.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi during his recent visit to the diamond city had announced construction of water aerodromes in tapi for seaplane services connecting surat with statue of unity (sou) under udan-3 scheme.
;;0.1027;;co/omyxhvanmv  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1520062268000new delhi: prime minister modi and vietnamese president tran dai quang on saturday discussed ways to enhance cooperation in key areas of defence and trade.
;;-0.2263;;earlier, at the time of inauguration of the jilla seva sadan in 2010, the lift had stopped working when chief minister modi was to take it to upper floors.
;;0.0;;modi had to climb the stairs.
;;0.0;;talking to reporters on the occasion of hill leaders' day and meeyamgi numit at his office secretariat complex, biren said he will also seek a confirmation from prime minister modi on if he could visit the state for the anniversary.
;;0.2732;;the hoardings and posters with pictures of prime minister modi were installed in the city only to create awareness among the people about the need for fuel conservation.
;;0.8481;;the meeting began with fadnavis welcoming the decision taken by prime minister modi and shah to scrap the special status and privileges granted to jammu & kashmir and its residents under articles 370 and 35a of the constitution.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi will visit jammu and kashmir on sunday to lay the foundation or inaugurate various development projects, including two all india institutes of medical sciences ( aiims ) in jammu and srinagar divisions and the university of ladakh he will also visit the famous dal lake in srinagar during his visit to jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;modi will also lay the foundation stone of northern regional centre campus of indian institute of mass communication in jammu.
;;0.0;;modi will declare 100-per cent electrification of households in jammu and kashmir under the central government's saubhagya scheme.
;;0.0;;modi will lay the foundation stone of 624-mw kiru hydroelectric project in kishtwar.
;;0.0;;modi will dedicate to the nation the 220-kv srinagar-alusteng-drass-kargil-leh transmission system.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone of this prestigious project was laid by modi in august 2014.
;;0.4588;;the 400-kv d/c jalandhar-samba-rajouri-shopian-amargarh (sopore) transmission line will also be dedicated to the nation by modi.
;;0.0;;modi had earlier visited jammu, srinagar and leh on may 19, 2018 to lay the foundation stones of various infrastructure projects in the state.
;;-0.296;;chief minister h d kumaraswamy on monday launched a counterattack on prime minister modi for criticising his government as a warrant government.
;;-0.5574;;during his election speech in chhattisgarh on sunday, modi accused kumaraswamy of issuing arrest warrants to farmers after announcing a mega loan waiver of rs 45,000 crore.
;;-0.3612;;it is not our government that betrayed farmers but the modi government that gave directions to psu banks to issue warrants.
;;-0.5994;;co/vt8fwnanw3  office of rg (@officeofrg) 1495862286000new delhi: prime minister modi and congress vice president rahul gandhi on saturday paid their tributes to pandit jawaharlal nehru on his 53rd death anniversary.
;;-0.5994;;tributes to pandit jawaharlal nehru on his death anniversary, modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: prime minister modi , who will visit the cyclone-affected areas on tuesday, has revised his itinerary buy including poonthura region in the state capital.
;;0.0;;as per the original plans, modi was to visit ockhi victims of lakshadweep and kanyakumari and hold discussion with chief minister pinarayi vijayan in thiruvananthapuram before returning to new delhi.
;;0.0;;on monday, the prime minister's office ( pmo ) has informed that modi would visit poonthura, the worst-affected region in the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is expected to take part in the sco summit to be held in the chinese city of qingdao in june.
;;0.0;;this brings us back to prime minister modi.
;;0.34;;the man hes set to meet in modi  a lion representing the collective pride of 1.
;;-0.4019;;coimbatore: mla m thiravidamani has written to prime minister modi drawing his attention to a barrage of complaints faced by the constituent college of bharathiar university in gudalur.
;;0.0;;volvo car india md charles frump, who was here in sweden to take part in the ceos round table with prime minister modi at the stockholm city hall, said, we are assembling two of our cars  xc90 and the latest inclusion this month s90  at our bangalore plant.
;;0.0;;he said the modi government introduced in january 2015 a new amendment - by way of the ordinance - to the mines and minerals (regulation and development) act, 1948.
;;0.0;;he said the apex court has issued a notice asking the modi government to respond to a pil filed last month.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister modi , had on october 31, inaugurated an imposing 182-metre statue of sardar vallabhbhai patel, the country's first home minister, in gujarat.
;;0.6369;;local youths should be given jobs, skill development should be provided to local people through csr drives and noida and greater noida should be developed as smart cities under sustainable development norms with sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabka vishwas as the underlying guideline, he said at the meeting, echoing prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7964;;deb, a gym instructor-turned-politician, thanked the people of tripura for their overwhelming support and credited prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah with the party's showing.
;;0.0258;;earlier, the union cabinet, headed by prime minister modi , had a hour-long meeting, where the top leadership is believed to have discussed issues concerning jammu and kashmir the key meeting was held after mobile internet services were suspended in jammu, in view of the prevailing security situation in the region.
;;0.4019;;he made this clarification while interacting with reporters at nagercoil in kanyakumari district after offering special prayers at the nagaraja temple on the occasion of the 69th birthday of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;radhakrishnan had said that modi is the first pm to have proclaimed tamil as one of the oldest languages and older than sanskrit.
;;-0.4767;;the apprehension among sl tamils in fact started building up when rajapaksa called on prime minister modi in september.
;;0.7096;;she thanked prime minister modi , union sports minister kiren rijiju , paralympic committee of india and the sports authority of india (sai) for their continuous efforts to support the paralympic players.
;;0.7184;;new delhi: rail passengers will soon be served tea, snacks and meals in kulhads (earthen cups) and other earthenware plates at 400 major stations across the country, in keeping with the wish of prime minister modi to make india free from single-use plastic.
;;0.5106;;in his address to the nation from red fort on independence day, prime minister modi had given a clarion call to free india from single-use plastic.
;;0.7579;;this story is from november 10, 2018prime minister modi (pti file photo)raipur: prime minister modi on friday lashed out at congress, accusing the party of trying to protect urban naxals facing legal action initiated by the government and said maoists enjoying city comforts were ruining the lives of poor tribals in remote areas.
;;-0.8225;;modi also paid tributes to doordarshan cameraman achyutanand sahu, who was killed in a maoist attack in dantewada on october 30.
;;-0.0956;;hyderabad: bjp national general secretary ram madhav on saturday took a dig at the attempts made by various political parties to form a tent and front to oppose prime minister modi as individually they have realised that they cannot win against him.
;;0.2732;;this itself shows how much they know they alone cannot take on modi , whose popularity is only increasing, he said.
;;0.0;;this can be cited as an example of what modi has achieved in the last four years.
;;0.9074;;modi has promised to take care of the interests of the two states, he said, adding that so far, 85  promises had been fulfilled.
;;-0.6808;;he also spoke about how modi had handled terrorism in j&k.
;;0.0;;kollam: prime minister modi opened kollam bypass in the presence of chief minister pinarayi vijayan and governor p sathasivam on tuesday.
;;-0.1887;;there were complaints against organizers for not extending an invite to kollam mayor v rajendra babu and cpm mla from eravipuram m noushad whereas nemom mla o rajagopal and mp v muraleedharan shared the dais with modi.
;;0.0;;ministers g sudhakaran and j mercykutty amma led a road show on the newlyopened bypass soon after modi left the venue.
;;0.5574;;the former career diplomat also lavished praise on prime minister modi for the changes in the country in the last five years.
;;0.5106;;people trust modi because he has, in a way, become a symbol of change, and the youth feel this more, the union minister said.
;;0.0;;the scheme announced for benefiting two categories of middle class homebuyers by prime minister modi on december 31, 2016 was earlier extended twice till march 2019.
;;0.4767;;hyderabad: even as prime minister modi delivered the opening plenary at the annual world economic forum (we) in davos on monday to portray india as the go-to destination for business, telangana it and industries minister kt rama rao tried to woo the nri community in zurich to invest in the state.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi , in a recent election rally in belagavi, had assured to include the belagavi airport under the udaan scheme.
;;-0.0516;;senior party leader prakash javadekar told reporters that the row over trump's comments that modi wanted him to mediate with pakistan on the kashmir issue should have ended with external affairs minister s jaishankar 's statement in parliament in which he stoutly denied the us president's claim.
;;0.5859;;javadekar claimed that the opposition's stand shows that it has been unable to reconcile with the modi government's big win in the recent lok sabha polls.
;;0.34;;the us president had on monday claimed that prime minister modi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir.
;;0.4754;;since parliament is in session and considering that the comments were made by the president of the world's most powerful nation to the prime minister of another country, prime minister modi should come to the house and clarify on the issue, he said.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister s jaishankar said prime minister modi never made any such request to the us leader and reiterated that kashmir is a bilateral issue.
;;-0.802;;attacking the congress for its demand that modi make a statement in parliament, he said people have taught the party a lesson in polls but it has not yet come out from feudal arrogance.
;;-0.2263;;later, the repairing work was delayed following prime minister modi modis visit to the city on january 9 to address a public rally.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and shah are likely to be the key campaigners for bjp as the two leaders are scheduled to visit the poll-bound states even before the election schedule is announced.
;;0.0;;sangma is also likely to meet prime minister modi in this regard.
;;0.4588;;unruly rains toppled hoardings put up to welcome prime minister modi and delegates of african development bank annual meetings.
;;0.0;;according to media reports, the officials are trying to finalise a trade deal before prime minister modi and us president trump meet in houston on sunday and again in new york next week.
;;0.6124;;prime minister modi would be meeting the top 15 ceos of the energy sector in houston, which is the global energy hub, the indian ambassador said.
;;0.8779;;tirupati: it was here on this day in 2014 that you promised to do justice to the state after bifurcation, andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu babu reminded prime minister modi in front of a huge throng of supporters who gathered at the tdp public meeting here on monday.
;;0.7783;;modi had promised special category status and other benefits for ap.
;;0.34;;he also played a video clip of the hindi speech of modi given on april 30, 2014, which was translated into telugu by m venkaiah naidu.
;;0.2263;;mumbai/pune: prime minister modi is to launch infrastructure and housing projects worth about rs 41,000 crore in the state on tuesday, said officials on the eve of his visit.
;;0.2023;;soon after reaching the state capital in the morning, modi is to attend an event organised by a tv channel and release the book 'timeless laxman' at raj bhavan later.
;;0.0;;modi will fly to delhi from pune on tuesday night, said an official.
;;0.7783;;president ram nath kovind , prime minister modi , defence minister rajnath singh led the nation in paying tributes to theheroes, extolling the courage, bravery and dedication of the soldiers who were part of the operation.
;;-0.6249;;the exercise is in pursuance with the directions of prime minister modi during combined commanders conference (ccc) - 2015, with an aim to achieve disaster resilient india.
;;0.4404;;panaji: bjps national spokesperson shahnawaz hussain on saturday said members of minority communities in india feel safe under the leadership of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;hussain, who was in goa, told reporters that the mood in the country was to bring modi back as prime minister.
;;0.0;;modi looks at 1.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi will hold a much publicised walk with french president emmanuel macron on the morning of august 26.
;;0.0;;modi will arrive here on the afternoon of the 25th, from his visit to uae and bahrain.
;;0.0;;on the 26th, modi will speak at two sessions of the g7 summit  on climate change at 10 am, which would be right after his walk with macron and again at 1 pm on digital economy and governance.
;;-0.0516;;modi will leave on the night of the 26th.
;;0.0;;modi kept india in the paris accord, even after the us walked out of it in 2017.
;;0.0;;gokhale clarified indias position on climate change, which will be elaborated by modi at the summit.
;;0.8555;;chennai: a day after former chief minister o panneerselvam wished prime minister modi on his successful completion of three years in office, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on saturday congratulated modi and also thanked him for extending cooperation and support to the state government.
;;0.2617;;sounding a poll budge, prime minister modi at a public meeting in rohtak on sunday not only presented his government's report card in the first 100 days of governance but also praised the manohar lal khattar-led government for fighting corruption and nepotism.
;;-0.4767;;bengaluru: after sending postcards to prime minister modi raising their demands, iisc research scholars have now shot of a letter to the pm, urging him to address the issue of the poor stipend they are being paid.
;;-0.4215;;bengaluru: prime minister modi and chief minister siddaramaiah locked horns for the second consecutive day on wednesday: the former said the congress government in the state was paying only lip sympathy to farmers in distress, and the latter sharply retorted that the bjp leader was insensitive to agriculturists.
;;0.5423;;modi went on to add that with karnataka under severe drought, the congress government should have given assistance to farmers, created new irrigation schemes under public cooperation schemes (nrega), created check dams to retain rain water, augmented lake capacities, attempt to create smaller bridges along rivers, and created reservoir capacities below them.
;;0.34;;instead, somebody told me the congress government was trying to hand over dried lakes to builders, charged modi.
;;0.0258;;in a letter to prime minister modi , cpi leader binoy viswam said that shah's assertion that hindi was the only unifying factor in the making of a modern india was like denying the national reality.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and us president donald trump may hold their third meeting of the year in new york on the margins of the un general assembly session later this month.
;;0.0;;modi will address the un secretary generals climate summit on september 24.
;;-0.8271;;seoul: prime minister modi friday laid a wreath at the national cemetery here and paid tribute to the fallen soldiers, including those who died in the korean war prime minister modi arrived on a two-day visit to south korea on thursday to strengthen india's strategic ties with the country.
;;-0.7269;;on the first day of his visit, modi unveiled a bust of mahatma gandhi at the prestigious yonsei university in seoul along with south korean president moon jae-in and former un secretary-general ban ki-moon pm modi laid a wreath at the national cemetery of republic of korea that entombs remains of 165000 martyrs and paid homage to the fallen soldiers, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;0.0;;modi is visiting south korea on the invitation of president moon.
;;0.2732;;aurangabad ( maharashtra ): stating that the government is committed to improving the condition of the women through various means, prime minister modi said on saturday that a new big mission has begun which directly affects all the women in the country.
;;0.0516;;in his speech, modi stressed upon the benefits for the women under the central government schemes.
;;0.5267;;modi also hailed the efforts of the indian space research organisation (isro) scientists for the chandrayaan-2 mission and added that they were ready and willing to move forward with renewed pace.
;;-0.5859;;gandhi had on sunday hit out at prime minister modi , claiming that cynical sponsors of the investor summit no longer wanted to be associated with an event presided over by him.
;;0.3818;;the congress chief had quoted a media report to target the summit, conceptualised in 2003 by prime minister modi when he was the chief minister of the state to promote investment in gujarat.
;;0.0;;yogi said prime minister modi 's ujjawala scheme seeks to empower women in the country.
;;0.4215;;panaji: goa is one of the biggest beneficiaries of prime minister modi modis government at the centre, chief minister manohar parrikar tweeted on saturday.
;;-0.1531;;prime minister modi raised the issue of terrorism at the sco summit in kyrgyzstan on friday, saying nations which provided encouragement, support and financial help to the menace needed to be called out.
;;-0.6808;;modi also called on the sco member-states to cooperate under the sco regional anti-terrorist structure to end terrorism.
;;0.0;;modi came up with a new template he described as health for cooperation among sco members.
;;0.296;;prime minister modi at the centre and shivraj singh in the state would join hands to work for the public, he said.
;;0.8316;;new delhi: congress chief rahul gandhi on wednesday took a swipe at prime minister modi for not holding a press conference during his tenure, saying he should try one someday as it is fun to be asked questions he also took a dig at the prime minister for his extensive campaigning, saying, dear mr modi , now that campaigning is over, hope you can spare some time for your part-time job as pm.
;;0.0;;gandhi also tagged along pictures from his press conference in hyderabad on wednesday, and urged prime minister modi to try a presser someday.
;;0.5267;;08-crore guwahati metropolitan development authority (gmda) project would be inaugurated by modi , who arrived here on friday, but senior officials of the urban development body said the service will be ready for formal opening only by april.
;;0.2037;;they claimed that prime minister modi and naidu are not committed to the giving the special status tag because they do not stand to benefit from it.
;;0.6249;;attacking the bjp, he said, prime minister modi indulges in rhetoric only, he said, adding the congress partys role in freedom movement and in independent india, and maintained that the congress nurtured democracy in the country.
;;-0.296;;had there been no democracy, who would have made modi the prime minister?
;;0.4767;;this story is from december 3, 2018jitendra deshprabhudownload the times of india news app for latest citypanaji: a day after state bjp president and rajya sabha member vinay tendulkar claimed that chief minister manohar parrikar would call prime minister modi to resolve the mining issue; the congress party insisted that parrikar had no intention to see mining operations restart in goa.
;;-0.2263;;he also demanded that the chief ministers office should release a video of parrikars telephonic conversation with modi.
;;0.3612;;according to tendulkar, the ailing chief minister had assured mlas that he would call modi to seek his intervention for immediate resumption of mining in goa.
;;-0.3182;;it also raked up the multi-crore punjab national bank scam , saying that while diamond jeweller nirav modi looted the nation, the present government was breaking the country.
;;-0.4767;;if it is once again being broken apart in the name of caste, where is prime minister modi and what is he doing?
;;0.0;;nirav modi looted the nation, however, the present dispensation is breaking the nation, the sena said, lashing out at the ruling nda.
;;-0.743;;if pm modi is famous among the masses, he should have made attempts to stop dalits from indulging in violence, said the sena, an ally of the bjp at the centre and in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;ranchi: prime minister modi will sunday lay foundation stone for hospitals in hazaribagh, dumka and palamau and inaugurate a host of development schemes during his visit to the state, an official statement said.
;;0.0;;the modi government and the rbi under its previous governor urjit patel had been at loggerheads over the optimum level of surplus capital with the central bank.
;;-0.4588;;palaniswami was addressing reporters at the bharathi house in kanyakumari on tuesday evening after taking part in the cyclone-related discussions with prime minister modi the cm said that he had also urged the centre to declare cyclone ockhi a national disaster which the pm agreed to consider.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 20, 2019prime minister modi sits on a tank vehicle during the inauguration of the larsen and toubro armoured systems complex in hazira (afp)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0258;;silvassa: prime minister modi on saturday scoffed at the kolkata rally of the 'mahagathbandhan', saying it is an alliance where the only selfish aim of the partners is to save their fast waning political careers.
;;0.0;;modi added that bjp had just one mla in bengal but this was enough to give the opposition sleepless nights.
;;-0.9169;;without taking her name, modi attacked bengal cm mamata banerjee over violence in her state during the panchayat polls, saying, when i see this picture of those who have strangled democracy by using all unconstitutional means and killed people in panchayat polls come together with 'save democracy' slogans, i can only say - wah kya scene hai.
;;-0.7184;;the students are being given capsules on currently relevant issues such as rafale, demonetisation, gst, unemployment and crimes against women being used by rahul gandhi to attack prime minister modi and his government.
;;-0.3818;;chandigarh: stating that the goods and services tax (gst) on langar served at gurdwaras has hurt sikh sentiments worldwide, union food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal has apprised prime minister modi of the urgent need to waive off gst on langar.
;;0.3612;;harsimrat, who met the prime minister on wednesday, said modi had assured her that the issue would be addressed appropriately.
;;-0.8402;;later, congress presidentthat note ban was a planned brutal conspiracy and a shrewd scheme to convert the black money of prime minister modi modi's suit-booted friends.
;;-0.7579;;launching a counter-attack after singh's criticism, the bjp fired off 10 questions to the congress, asking why it finds merit in protesting every anti-corruption measure of the modi government.
;;-0.3182;;aam aadmi party (aap) convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal questioned the rationale behind the modi government's note ban move and termed it as a self-inflicted deep wound on the indian economy.
;;-0.5859;;a host of union ministers including prakash javadekar, dharmendra pradhan and radha mohan singh hailed modi for demonetisation and attacked the opposition for criticising the move.
;;-0.0516;;the modi government on november 8, 2016, demonetised high value currency notes of old 500 and 1000 rupees, constituting 86 per cent of the currency in circulation.
;;0.5106;;if prime minister modi wants to do something he has to take the chief ministers of all states into confidence.
;;0.6486;;supporters of the modi government accuse secular liberals of being silent on the beef festival issue.
;;0.0;;the modi government should take into consideration the fact that in the structure of the meat industry, crores of farmers are involved.
;;0.0;;chandigarh: prime minister modi will inaugurate the kundli-manesar-palwal (kmp) expressway in gurgaon district on november 19, said officials here on friday.
;;0.7003;;we need to create this infrastructure to help fulfil the dream of prime minister modi to empower agriculturists, peasants, and cultivators.
;;0.7469;;kcr may overtly appear to be criticizing bjp and congress, but covertly he is a strong supporter of prime minister modi and his rhetoric is under the influence of amit shah, he said.
;;-0.128;;the party alleged him of insulting prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.4019;;this new bjp team with pm modi and party president shah at the helm lives and breathes elections.
;;0.6124;;in three years if one had to pin down major achievement of bjp led government, it has to be its turning the electoral fray into a one-horse race with modi well and truly at the helm.
;;-0.296;;it either had no response to it or responded in a tone that suited modi and shah.
;;0.0;;modi may have or have not met the expectation with which he rode to power.
;;-0.2057;;while modi and shah have already hit the ground running in odisha, west bengal, tripura, kerala and tamil nadu where they have not done well ever, all one hears about is rahul gandhi holding closed door meetings with his handful mlas to beat this juggernaut.
;;0.4215;;the governor was satisfied with our replies, palaniswami told reporters after the 30-minute meeting at raj bhavan that came a day after purohit met prime minister modi and union home minister rajnath singh in new delhi.
;;0.4588;;former assam chief minister tarun gogoi said the gujarat election has proved that rahul is the only leader among all parties who can challenge prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is scheduled to address an election rally here on december 16.
;;0.5994;;as he played catch-up in the digital space with opponents like prime minister modi , who, at 42.
;;0.4019;;dca is one of the three agencies along with the special forces and space to be set up as per the clearance given by prime minister modi during the combined commanders' conference in jodhpur last year.
;;0.0;;indian prime minister modi , centre, talks with european council president donald tusk, left, and euro.
;;0.0;;co/jtfbnf1gz4  ani (@ani) 1567812002000bengaluru: when a student present at the isro centre in bengaluru asked prime minister modi for tips to become the president of india, modi quipped why not become the prime minister instead.
;;0.0;;replied pm modi the prime minister also told the students to aim big in life and divide targets into small parts.
;;0.2023;;quick edit:mumbai: prime minister modi on saturday said the isro scientists will be undeterred by the setback on the chandrayaan-2 mission, and asserted the nation will achieve its goal of reaching the moon.
;;-0.3182;;modi was speaking hours after the vikram lander of the chandrayaan-2 mission lost communication contact with the ground centre in the wee hours of saturday in bengaluru, a moment he personally witnessed.
;;0.6734;;earlier in the day, modi had addressed scientists at the isro control centre in bengaluru, and told them not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission and asserted that there will be a new dawn and a better tomorrow.
;;0.743;;modi delivered a message of optimism, solidarity and hope to the scientists in an address, which was broadcast live, hours after the isro announced that it had lost communication with the lander.
;;0.1027;;uttar pradesh: union defence minister rajnath singh on sunday said the bjp led central government did not rest even for a day and did 'an incredible' work during hundred days of prime minister modi 's second term.
;;0.0;;talking to media persons after attending the national youth summit here as the chief guest, singh said: we did not take rest even for a day in the 100 days of prime minister modi's second term.
;;0.8225;;earlier today during a rally in haryana 's rohtak , prime minister modi asserted that the 100 days of his government were defined by change, determination, improvement, and good intention.
;;-0.2263;;read moremumbai: the maharashtra congress on monday demanded that hoardings of prime minister modi be removed from fuel pumps in the state as the election code of conduct was now in force.
;;0.0;;however, most petrol pumps in maharashtra still have large hoardings with the image of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;he alleged that the ec, which was acting against hoardings and banners of other leaders, was going soft on those featuring pm modi.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 2, 2018pm modi at g20 summit.
;;-0.6597;;new delhi: prime minister modi has suggested a nine-point agenda to tackle the menace of fugitive economic offenders and sought strong and active cooperation across g20 countries to deal with the menace of fugitive economic offenders.
;;-0.3612;;in june, toi had reported that the government had made a pitch at the g20 for a global framework to get high-profile fugitive economic offenders such as nirav modi , mehul choksi and others to face the law at home.
;;-0.5859;;the pm made the suggestions at the ongoing g20 summit in buenos aires in argentina at a time when india is pressing for the extradition of nirav modi and mehul choksi, the diamantaires at the heart of the rs 14,000-crore pnb loan fraud.
;;0.0;;final touch to preparations for pms rally at rohtak on saturdayrohtak: sounding poll bugle for the upcoming haryana state assembly elections, prime minister modi will address a bjp rally in rohtak on sunday.
;;0.0;;it will be for the first time after becoming pm again that modi will visit rohtak.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: prime minister modi will accompany his 'friend', israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu , to gujarat on wednesday, fourth day of the latter's official visit to india.
;;0.296;;modi and netanyahu will pay their tributes to mahatma gandhi and, later, dedicate to the nation, icreate, the innovation and incubation centre in bavla.
;;0.0;;modi will host a traditional indian lunch for netanyahu and his delegation.
;;0.0;;while addressing reporters in trichy on tuesday, he urged prime minister modi to order a cbi inquiry to investigate the entire appointments made in the department of higher education after governor banwarilal took over his chair in tamil nadu.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was the chief guest of the main event on january 5, 2017.
;;0.4767;;during his visit to singapore on may 31, 2018, prime minister modi had launched three indian apps - bhim, rupay and sbi app - at a 'business, innovation and community event'.
;;-0.6808;;his statement came a day after prime minister modi , addressing the sco summit in bishkek , asked that countries sponsoring, aiding and funding terrorism must be held accountable.
;;-0.9371;;bengaluru: amid nationwide outrage over the kathua and unnao rapes, several faculty members of iim bangalore have written an open letter to prime minister modi , demanding uncompromised justice for the victims by meting out severe punishment to the perpetrators.
;;0.5574;;by ptinew delhi: prime minister modi has congratulated pankaj advani for clinching his 22nd world title and said the ace cueist's tenacity is admirable.
;;0.7003;;best wishes for your future endeavours, modi tweeted.
;;0.1027;;this story is from january 20, 2019prime minister modi at larsen and toubro's armoured systems complex with defence minister nirmala sit.
;;0.4588;;surat: prime minister modi dedicated to the nation the countrys first armoured systems complex (asc) in the private sector, developed by larsen & toubro (l&t) at hazira near here on saturday.
;;0.4215;;soon after his arrival at surat airport , modi reached hazira in a helicopter and visited the manufacturing facility for producing the advanced armoured platforms for the defence sector.
;;0.8402;;i am glad that the private sector too is supporting this pursuit and making a valuable contribution, modi tweeted.
;;0.34;;surat: referring to the recent study by london-based oxford economics that surat will be the fastest growing city in the world through 2035, prime minister modi said that the future belongs to surat and other nine fastest growing cities of india.
;;0.128;;after demonetisation, the upi-based bharat interface for money (bhim) app, launched by prime minister modi , has acted as a catalyst to nudge many third-party providers to launch the upi app.
;;0.4588;;co/sn2zecba2v  ani (@ani) 1513399280000guwahati: prime minister modi formally dedicated the 60-mw tuirial hydro electric power project near kolasib in mizoram to the nation from aizawl on saturday.
;;0.4404;;as the aroma of the khichdi wafted into the air, the bjp leaders tried to impress upon the crowds as to how prime minister modi had done more for dalits than any other government in the past 60 years.
;;-0.1351;;congress never honoured br ambedkar, modi did; and he is committed for the uplift of the scheduled castes, union minister thawar chand gehlot said.
;;0.4215;;party leader ramlal asked each bjp worker to reach out to 10 dalit households and inform them about the work done by the modi government.
;;0.5859;;connect with them, win all seven lok sabha seats and make modi the pm again, ramlal said.
;;0.4215;;this indicates that the people are reposing their faith in modi modi.
;;-0.4019;;noida: a police van on monday broke down in the middle of a road that prime minister modi was to take to reach the expo mart and had to be pushed by four policemen to a side.
;;0.0;;read morenew delhi: a national conference delegation, led by its patron farooq abdullah , met prime minister modi on thursday and conveyed to him that assembly elections in jammu and kashmir should be held before the end of the year.
;;0.0;;the delegation, which met modi for about 20 minutes, also requested him not to take any step that may lead to deterioration in the situation in the kashmir valley.
;;0.0;;the meeting with modi was very cordial and the prime minister also apprised them about his feelings (on jammu and kashmir), the nc leader said.
;;0.6908;;ahmedabad: with a pile of demands ranging from getting nod to sell gas under ujala scheme to availing financial assistance for their children's higher education, fair price shop owners led by modi , younger brother of prime minister modi , on sunday gave ultimatum to the gujarat government either to accept their demands or face indefinite strike of fair price shops from may 28.
;;0.5106;;a statement issued by modi said, the government has adopted a policy to make gujarat kerosene free and the union government, too, has reduced stock of kerosene sent to gujarat.
;;0.7865;;bengaluru: congress president rahul gandhi has not shown any disrespect towards jd(s) supremo h d deve gowda as claimed by prime minister modi , the party said.
;;-0.4215;;hitting back, the congress said it was modi who disrespected his two predecessors  manmohan singh and gowda  and sought an apology from him for it.
;;-0.6369;;this government's very foundations are on false promises, lies, deceit, propaganda and boastful claims, sharma alleged and said modi and his government were in the departure lounge.
;;-0.25;;sharma alleged that modi and bjp chief amit shah had created an opportunistic understanding and unholy nexus with the jd(s), and that was the reason a criticism was levelled.
;;0.0;;he recalled gowda had in the run-up to 2014 elections said he would take 'political sanyas' if modi became the prime minister.
;;-0.6124;;attacking the government on a host of issues including women's safety, farmer issues, bank fraud and rafale deal, sharma said modi should know the time has come and the countdown for bjp will start from karnataka.
;;-0.5859;;new delhi: prime minister modi on saturday lashed out at those who criticised india's potential to become a 5-trillion dollar economy and called them  professional pessimists .
;;0.3612;;in his first visit to varanasi, his lok sabha constituency, after becoming pm for the second time, modi explained the meaning and importance of india becoming a $5-trillion economy.
;;-0.296;;pm modi further stated that, many might have doubts that a target of $5-trillion dollar economy is beyond india's capability and is not possible for indians to achieve.
;;0.2023;;earlier, pm modi launched a toll-free number for bjp's membership drive.
;;0.0;;soon after his arrival in varanasi on a day-long visit, pm modi unveiled a statue of former prime minister lal bahadur shastri at the airport.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.6249;;(ani)new delhi: concerned about the water crisis in rural areas, prime minister modi has written a personal letter to 'gram pradhans'(village chiefs) requesting them to conserve rainwater during the forthcoming monsoon.
;;0.5719;;prime minister modi wished the people a happy karthik purnima.
;;0.4215;;the event, at which prime minister modi will deliver the keynote address, is to be attended by over 1200 delegates from 85 countries discussing progress made in maternal and child health.
;;0.1531;;the intensified mission indradhanush, launched by modi in 2017, aims to reach each and every child under two years of age and all pregnant women who have been left uncovered under the routine immunisation programme.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 29, 2019bihar deputy cm sushil kumar modi.
;;0.4215;;earlier this month, the appointments committee of the cabinet headed by prime minister modi approved the appointment of gokhale to the post of foreign secretary.
;;0.0;;the two incidents are taking place just days before prime minister modi is to formally launch bjps lok sabha election campaign in vidarbha .
;;0.0;;modi will be in pandharkawda on saturday morning to address a public rally in which women self-help group members will be attending in large numbers along with farmers and tribals.
;;0.765;;the success rate was better than that of prime minister modi in these states, it is being claimed.
;;0.3491;;another congress leader added, bjp has 62 out of 65 candidates in these three states but despite that it lost all five assembly constituencies where modi held rallies in the run up to elections.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi felicitates mamta kumari in new delhi on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4939;;patna: patna girl mamta kumari on wednesday received trophy and a certificate from pm modi for bagging third rank in the national youth parliament festival 2019.
;;0.0516;;the congress government was expecting support from the modi government at the centre for its debt waiver scheme.
;;0.6858;;prime minister modi is thinking over it and let things get clear, but if it happens, it will be good for everyone.
;;0.6249;;narendra modi has led india to great heights.
;;0.0;;as many as 54,474 houses have been constructed in gujarat, prime minister modi 's home state, since 2014-15 under the scheme.
;;0.296;;new delhi: prime minister modi will on sunday share his thoughts with the people in india and abroad, through his ' mann ki baat ' programme.
;;0.7269;;in his 42nd edition, modi emphasised on preventive health care awareness, stating that extensive work is going on to set up health wellness centres across the country.
;;0.0;;a 3d animation of prime minister modi depicting ' trikonasana ' (the triangle posture) yoga was released in the same edition.
;;0.4404;;she added that the mindset towards the para-athletes has changed a lot in the country and thanked prime minister modi for advocating 'sabka saath sabka vikas'.
;;-0.2441;;agra: chaos was averted as scores of villagers and samajwadi party men attempted to bring stray cattle to prime minister modi modi's rally venue here on wednesday morning to highlight the fact that such animal not only destroy standing crops but also cause road accidents, and submit a memorandum to the pm to urge him to save them from the menace.
;;0.0258;;it is better if you reach out to prime minister modi who will heed your woes.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: prime minister modi on thursday said bengaluru represents hindustan on the world stage and said the development of karnataka's capital is his government's utmost priority.
;;0.4019;;delving into the past when he was associated with bjp as a party worker, modi recalled frequent meetings with kumar and others, who, 20 years ago, were corporators of bangalore mahanagara palike (bmp).
;;0.888;;new delhi: japanese premier shinzo abe on sunday said prime minister modi was one of his most dependable friends and together with the indian leader, he would like to strengthen bilateral cooperation to realise a free and open indo-pacific.
;;0.8442;;prime minister modi was an outstanding leader of his great country, the japanese premier said.
;;0.8316;;we share a big win-win potential in all areas and japan remains committed to supporting india's economic growth and prime minister modi's make in india initiative through high-speed rail, subways and other infrastructure, mobilising japan's world-leading technologies, he said.
;;0.7553;;prime minister modi , who is currently visiting japan since yesterday, is one of my most dependable and valuable friends.
;;0.7964;;together with prime minister modi , i would like to further strengthen japan-india cooperation to realise a free and open indo-pacific, abe said.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 27, 2019prime minister modi in kochi, kerala.
;;0.2732;;kochi: prime minister modi on sunday dedicated to the nation an integrated refinery expansion complex of the public sector bharat petroleum corporation limited at the kochi refinery here.
;;0.0;;mounded storage vessel, iocl lpg bottling plant, inaugurated by pm modi has a total storage capacity of 4350 mt.
;;0.296;;mumbai: days after prime minister modi laid the foundation stone for the navi mumbai international airport , a public interest litigation was mentioned before the bombay high court that has claimed that the conditions for starting the project have not been met.
;;0.0;;dharamshala: the 105th edition of indian science congress (isc) in manipur made the headlines stating that the dalai lama was supposed to attend this event with prime minister modi at its inaugural session on march 16 and that the tibetan spiritual leader was going to skip it.
;;0.0;;chennai: tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on sunday submitted a memorandum to prime minister modi urging the centre to confer bharat ratna on late chief ministers c n annadurai and jayalalithaa and rename the chennai central railway station after aiadmk founder and former cm m g ramachandran in commemoration of his birth centenary.
;;0.5719;;bringing the necessary amendment to rule 3 (b) of the environment (protection) rules 1986 and exempting the fireworks manufacturing industry from the provisions of the rules is the only solution to revive the industry, said another official, adding, the cm (edappadi k palaniswami) has submitted memorandum to prime minister modi during his recent visit to the state.
;;0.0;;the ceremony was attended by prime minister modi , bjp chief amit shah, bjp veteran l k advani and a host of union ministers.
;;0.743;;he praised the union government headed by prime minister modi for enhancing the defence budget to rs three lakh crore to strengthen the countrys defence mechanism.
;;0.0;;we witnessed this trend more recently in the gujarat polls where once the prime minister modi entered the fray, the issues of local residents were put on the backburner, he said.
;;0.6197;;he also urged prime minister modi not to disappoint the government employees if he wants to accomplish nation building.
;;0.4019;;yediyurappa further said that he would be leaving for new delhi today evening and would appraise the flood situation to prime minister modi and home minister amit shah on tuesday and would seek immediate help from the centre.
;;0.2732;;well, if you believed that the 2014 bjp victory was an aberration, modi worked harder to make it a habit.
;;0.8176;;except for a few hiccups, thanks to the mahagathbandhan in bihar and the emergence of aam aadmi party, under the leadership of arvind kejriwal in delhi (we will discuss this statistic later), modi got the better of other leaders.
;;0.2716;;more important, it has also highlighted the partys over dependence on modi.
;;0.5267;;if bjps over dependence on modi is highly evident, other political parties fare no better where their leaders are concerned.
;;0.8074;;in fact, the present ruling party which vehemently opposed congress for the india is indira and indira is india slogan and claimed to be a party with a difference has latched on to modi wave and supporting it year after year.
;;0.4019;;jalpaiguri: prime minister modi went full blast against chief minister mamata banerjee and her party in north bengal on friday, saying that bengal is headed for what happened in tripura, where people brought an end to the long-serving communist regime and made way for bjp.
;;-0.5106;;explaining why he saw such a possibility, modi cited the unprecedented response from the bengal cm to the cbi probe into the ponzi scam as part of which investigating officers reached the kolkata police commissioners residence.
;;0.3612;;modi promised to the crowd that the looters and their protectors will be taken to task.
;;-0.743;;modi added that his government was working on the extradition of those accused of bank fraud when the bengal cm was out to protect the cheaters.
;;-0.9062;;modi slammed the trinamool hard over the violence and torture on bjp workers, attacks during the panchayat polls and syndicates run by trinamool men.
;;-0.4939;;agartala: the modi government is making two indias -- a shining one for the rich and one full of miseries for the poor , cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury said here.
;;-0.128;;the modi government as part of the 'aacche din' slogan is making two indias -- shining for the rich people and full of miseries for the poor people, he said here late on sunday evening after attending a two-day meeting of the state committee of the communist party of india-marxist (cpi-m).
;;0.0;;modi is taking the country into a dark past.
;;0.0;;on the industrial front, prime minister modi announced 'make in india', 'startup india', 'digital india' and many more things.
;;-0.8316;;it said the modi government has miserably failed in dealing with the jammu and kashmir issue, and stressed on the need for a political settlement.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: rajya sabha deputy chairman harivansh on tuesday underscored the importance of people-to-people contact between india and china, adding that it was an important consensus reached by prime minister modi and president xi jinping during their informal summit in wuhan last year.
;;0.0;;he said prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah are eyeing karnataka after gujarat elections.
;;0.0;;however, modi magic wont work in the state because his image has been largely hit in the past three years, the cm stated.
;;0.0;;the cm said that visiting foreign countries and delivering man ki baat once in a month are the only achievements of modi.
;;0.0;;singapore: an orchid was named after prime minister modi to mark his visit to the national orchid garden of singapore today.
;;0.0;;modi is here on a three-day visit.
;;0.7783;;for this exercise, being like-minded is not necessary but people should be right-minded, singh said, adding,there is extreme love in the heart of prime minister modi for jammu and kashmir .
;;-0.6369;;mathura: prime minister modi said here on wednesday that it is unfortunate that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow.
;;0.4767;;raipur: congress led by rahul gandhi poses no challenge to prime minister modi , said chief minister raman singh, adding that the party will find it difficult to win even 40 or 50 seats in the 2019 parliamentary polls.
;;0.1027;;modi has his 'magic' and the people of the country stand by him, singh said, stressing that the bjp would do even better in the next general elections than it did in 2014 because of the nda government's policies.
;;0.0;;new delhi: cic has upheld the decision of the prime minister's office that aadhaar and voter id details of prime minister modi cannot be disclosed as they have personal information.
;;-0.2263;;the decision comes on an rti application filed by soni s eramath, who had demanded to know whether the president of india has administered the oath of office to the prime minister of india in the name of mr modi modi.
;;0.0;;varanasi: prime minister modi will open irri south asia regional centre (isarc)  the first educational and training hub of the international rice research institute (irri) outside philippines  on the premises of national seed research and training centre (nsrtc) here on december 29.
;;0.0;;according to an irri report, though irri and india have collaborated for over five decades, modi was the first indian prime minister to visit irri headquarters in the philippines in november 2017, where he discussed agricultural innovations and research advances for the rice sector.
;;0.3182;;the truth is in 2014, a slogan in india was 'ghar ghar modi'.
;;0.3818;;in 2019, the congress will ensure it is 'bye bye modi'.
;;0.0;;modi is not the real son of varanasi.
;;-0.6249;;mishra (78), who was in charge of the micro, small and medium enterprises portfolio in the modi government, had resigned in 2017 after he he had crossed 75 years beyond which bjp leaders are barred from occupying official posts and cannot contest elections under an unwritten rule brought in by prime minister modi he was elected as an mp in 2014 lok sabha elections from deoria in which he had defeated bahujan samaj party's niyaj ahmad with a margin of over 2.
;;-0.7579;;prime minister modi , who was unsparing while criticising outgoing chief minister manik sarkar and the left front during campaigning, tweeted, while we are naturally delighted about the historic victory in tripura, we will always have in our thoughts and prayers the bjp karyakartas who lost their lives due to mindless communist violence.
;;0.3384;;modi added, bjp is fully committed to the overall transformation of the northeast.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi addressed a rally in kannauj on saturday and to counter him, akhilesh addressed a series of meetings and heralded road shows.
;;-0.3818;;with modi leading the bjp charge in kannauj, the battle has turned fierce and police intervention has further escalated tensions between workers of the two parties.
;;0.5574;;tdp cadres from chennai and chittoor gathered outside stalins residence and kept raising slogans in praise of naidu and against prime minister modi and bjp.
;;0.6597;;there is a possibility that congress, samajwadi party, bahujan samaj party and the aam aadmi party may not field their candidates if patel fights against prime minister modi from varanasi.
;;0.0516;;modi had defeated arvind kejriwal by an impressive 3.
;;0.5423;;singh urgently wants prime minister modi 's government to provide debt relief, better prices for his crops and jobs for his sons when it unveils the annual fiscal budget on february 1.
;;-0.25;;while he previously voted for modi , he's unsure who will get his vote in the next national poll due early next year.
;;0.7506;;time is running out for modi to shore up the support of rural voters who underpinned his rise to power in 2014, when he won india's biggest mandate in three decades.
;;-0.34;;rising discontent in rural areas and unrest among farmers is pressuring modi to spend more on the countryside -- home to about 68 percent of india's 1.
;;0.5859;;modi has promised to increase the living standards of villagers and double farmers' income by 2022.
;;-0.6486;;modi sensed the anger in december elections in his home state of gujarat, as his bharatiya janata party failed to reclaim its rural seats.
;;-0.296;;beyond the rural sector, modi faces pressure to put more money in the pockets of ordinary indians by widening tax brackets and offering more exemptions.
;;-0.1531;;conscious about being seen as a government that favors the business elite over the poor, modi has launched several schemes for rural people and unemployed youth.
;;0.0;;modi has already started paying more attention to rural india.
;;0.5267;;the direction had followed a submission by the attorney general that the selection committee members comprising prime minister modi , then chief justice of india dipak misra, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan and eminent jurist mukul rohatgi had met on july 19 last year to deliberate upon names for members of the search committee.
;;0.3818;;kuala lumpur: prime minister modi today arrived here from indonesia to meet his newly-elected malaysian counterpart mahathir mohammad ninety-two-year-old mahathir was sworn in as malaysia's prime minister on may 10 after leading the opposition alliance to a stunning election victory over the barisan nasional (bn) coalition, which had ruled malaysia since 1957.
;;-0.872;;during his first-ever official visit to indonesia, modi held productive discussions with president joko widodo the two countries elevated their bilateral ties to comprehensive strategic partnership and condemned terrorism in all its forms, including cross-border terror.
;;0.34;;last saturday, sena president uddhav thackeray shared dais with prime minister modi and chief minister devendra fadnavis in mumbai and announced that the saffron alliance for polls was inevitable.
;;0.3612;;media reports earlier suggested that prime minister modi is keen on a change in the financial year.
;;0.3612;;the modi government however seems keen on a switchover.
;;0.1531;;ahmedabad/bhabhar: a day ahead of polls, prime minister modi turned emotional and combative.
;;0.0;;modi harped on mani shankar aiyars remark in which the congress leader had called him neech kism ka admi (lowly type of man).
;;0.0;;citing a three-year-old video, modi alleged that aiyar had met pakistanis to hatch a plot to get modi removed from the way.
;;0.0;;mani shankar aiyar had gone to pakistan and plotted to remove modi from the way.
;;0.0;;what is the meaning eliminate modi from the way?
;;0.0;;modi continued and said, you had gone to pakistan to give a contract to eliminate modi.
;;-0.2263;;ahmedabad: prime minister modi while speaking at a public meeting in kalol asked the congress and its senior leaders to clarify whether they are advocating for ram temple or babri masjid for the last two days, a top congress leader and an illustrious lawyer who fights anyones case has been speaking (on ram temple case).
;;0.836;;now security forces have been given a free hand under the nda government, under the leadership of (prime minister) modi , he said.
;;-0.1779;;the union government under the dynamic leadership of prime minister modi is determined to curb all types of violence and bring development to the interior areas of the affected states, he said.
;;0.6124;;according to him, sanitary workers are playing a vital role in prime minister modi modis dream project swachh bharat.
;;0.0;;the issue was also raised at prime minister modi modis public rally before his arrival by bjp candidate anil benake of belagavi (north) constituency and mla sanjay patil of belagavi (rural) segment.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is believed to have discussed with his british counterpart theresa may the extradition of fugitive vijay mallya during their bilateral meeting on wednesday.
;;0.0772;;apart from compelling economic reasons to disinvest air india, prime minister modi has declared war on vip culture.
;;0.9062;;he also alleged that the rs 7,525 crore project, out of which rs 5,071 crore (68 ) was to be borne by the state government, was intended to benefit prime minister modi 's close friend gautam adani, 'who, after bearing only 32  of the project cost, will be able to lay his hand on a major chunk of the income and profit, once the project is realised'.
;;0.5267;;meanwhile, union minister of state for law and justice and the ministry of corporate affairs p p choudhary told media that bjp is seeking votes on the basis of work done by prime minister modi and chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 18, 2018prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityhyderabad: to step up bjp campaign in the state, prime minister modi will address public meetings on december 3 and 5 in telangana.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister modi on thursday, chief minister naveen patnaik said the centre's idea may not be realistic in view of the fragile banking network and telecommunication system.
;;0.9001;;new delhi/jammu/kolkata: i am overwhelmed, emotional, jubilant, said an entrepreneur in jammu, echoing views of large sections across the country who hailed the modi government's decision on monday to revoke article 370 that gave special status to jammu and kashmir as bold and historic.
;;0.6486;;another tourist rupinder singh said he was glad that prime minister modi had delivered on his promise .
;;0.4767;;i had voted for modi and today i feel proud of having done so, he said.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the centre has decided to rename three islands in andaman & nicobar - ross island as netaji subhas chandra bose island, neil island as shahid dweep and havelock island as swaraj dweep - coinciding with the 75th anniversary of bose having hoisted the national flag in port blair sources said the home ministry has almost completed formalities for the change in nomenclature and the new names will be announced by prime minister modi during his visit to port blair on december 30.
;;0.0;;modi, who will be accompanied by home minister rajnath singh , will hoist a 150-metre flag in port blair apart from releasing a commemorative stamp and coin on the occasion.
;;0.0;;varanasi/new delhi: prime minister modi will visit his parliamentary constituency varanasi saturday to launch the bjp's countrywide membership drive.
;;0.6124;;it will strengthen our party, modi tweeted.
;;0.6597;;modi will address around 5,000 party workers at deendayal upadhyaya trade facilitation centre in bada lalpur, where he will launch the membership drive and facilitate some of the party workers.
;;0.6486;;pm modi had visited his constituency on may 27 to thank people for keeping faith in his government.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi lashed out at the congress-led udf on sunday and claimed that some of its leaders had falsely implicated former isro scientist nambi narayanan to settle political scores.
;;0.4939;;unusually for him, prime minister modi openly praised merkels leadership, and she was not unwilling.
;;0.4019;;modi affirmed indian support to germanys agenda for the forthcoming g-20, where merkel will attempt to reconcile the divergences posited by putin, trump and erdogan among others.
;;-0.5965;;india has indicated it wants to get an fta, but one doesnt really know, because modi is not really a free trade guy.
;;-0.2023;;nagpur: farm activist and vasantrao naik sheti swavalamban mission chairman kishore tiwari has urged prime minister modi to re-look into the status of the governments agrarian programme to resolve the farmers distress in drylands of the country.
;;0.5994;;guwahati/itanagar/agartala: prime minister modi on saturday dedicated projects worth more than rs 20,000 crore to assam, arunachal pradesh and tripura, the three states that he visited on a two-day whirlwind tour of the northeast.
;;0.0;;in addition to the gas grid, modi laid the foundation stone for a 729-km gas pipeline from barauni to guwahati passing through bihar, west bengal, sikkim and assam, which will feed the network in the region.
;;0.0;;modi also laid the foundation of a six-lane bridge over the brahmaputra, which on completion will reduce time between the two river banks from one and half hours to a mere 15 minutes.
;;0.8074;;kejriwal urged prime minister modi to announce a compensation of rs 5-crore to honour the supreme sacrifice of all martyrs.
;;-0.34;;i request pm modi with folded hands not to do politics on the sacrifice of the martyrs, kejriwal said at an event organised by delhi fire service employees welfare association to felicitate the cm for the scheme.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister modi  in his independence day speech  had launched ab-nhps with an aim to provide healthcare facilities to over 10 crore families, covering the urban and rural poor.
;;0.0;;nrti, a pet project of prime minister modi , has already started functioning temporarily from nair from september 5  teachers day  with the first batch of 103 students from 20 states of the country getting enrolled in two fully-residential undergraduate courses.
;;0.0;;download the times of india news app for latest citybhubaneswar: a farmers body in the state on wednesday announced that it would try to meet and submit a memorandum to prime minister modi during his visit to the state slated on december 24.
;;0.5106;;dehradun: prime minister modi on the auspicious occasion of diwali offered prayers at revered kedarnath shrine and inspected the development projects in the kedar valley.
;;0.0;;pm modi offered prayers in a lord shiva temple located near the harsil helipad.
;;0.8074;;pm modi distributed sweets to defence personnel and celebrated diwali with them.
;;0.0;;around 9:30 am, pm modi took a chopper to kedarnath, where he was received by governor baby rani maurya, cm trivendra singh rawat and haridwar mp ramesh pokhriyal nishank.
;;-0.25;;perhaps the biggest contradiction, though, will be between prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.0;;adityanath is a saffron-robed modi  younger, harder and on the rise.
;;0.1531;;a senior official of the administration said, prime minister modi has himself stressed on the improvement of air connectivity in the northeast.
;;0.0;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1495732813000new delhi: to mark the bjp-led nda\'s three years in government, prime minister modi on friday inauguratedsituated in arunachal pradesh theis built over the river lohit, which is a tributary of the brahmaputra.
;;0.9042;;washington: asserting that 40 years is enough for every responsible nation to get on board with the south asia peace process, us defence secretary jim mattis , in a strong message to pakistan, said it is time for everyone to support the efforts of the un, prime minister modi and afghanistan in this regard.
;;0.9274;;it's time for everyone to get on board, support the united nations; support prime minister modi's, (afghan) president (ashraf) ghani and all those who are trying to maintain peace and make for a better world here, mattis said.
;;0.0;;new delhi: deputy cm manish sisodia on friday took on prime minister modi over the sacking of atishi marlena , who had been advising delhi government on education reforms.
;;0.2732;;co/d8of78kevb  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1566813292000biarritz: prime minister modi on monday highlighted india's large scale efforts towards eliminating single use plastic, conserving water, harnessing solar energy and, protecting flora and fauna for a sustainable future in his address to a g7 session on environment here.
;;0.4019;;modi is attending the g7 summit in this french town of biarritz on special invitation of french president emmanuel macron.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi said he addressed the session where he highlighted india's large scale efforts towards eliminating single use plastic, conserving water, harnessing solar energy and, protecting flora and fauna for a sustainable future.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 7, 2018prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: the bjp on tuesday released a list of 40 star campaigners, including prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah , union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, nitin gadkari , up chief minister yogi adityanath, former cm uma bharati and cm shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.0;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister modi , recently amended the constitution (scheduled tribes) order (amendment) bill, 2018 to amend the the constitution (scheduled tribes) order of 1950.
;;0.2111;;pointing out that prime minister modi , no less, had expressed appreciation for his work in the constituency, simha added, when this is the case, baseless stories are only creating confusion among voters.
;;0.9274;;prime minister modi said he hoped that the festival will further the spirit of peace and happiness in the society.
;;0.0;;noida: chief minister yogi aditya nath announced two more metro projects for uttar pradesh, in kanpur and agra, as he joined prime minister modi at the inaugural function of the magenta line in noida on christmas day.
;;0.5719;;co/ktmznrzvaz  narendramodi_in (@narendramodi_in) 1516175856000ahmedabad: prime minister modi and his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu on wednesday held a roadshow in the city under a heavy security blanket as thousands of people lined up along the route to greet them.
;;0.6369;;modi and netanyahu waved at the people, who greeted them with loud cheers.
;;0.0;;at 'hriday kunj', gandhi's home in the ashram, modi showed them gandhi's room and the articles he used.
;;0.7184;;modi also showed kites to the israeli prime minister, whose visit comes just a few days after 'uttarayana', the popular festival of kites in gujarat.
;;0.0;;the israeli pm is the third international leader whom modi is hosting in his home state of gujarat.
;;0.0;;modi and japanese premier shinzo abe had held a joint roadshow in an open jeep during the latter's visit here in september last year.
;;0.0;;modi had also accompanied chinese president xi jinping and his spouse to the riverfront during the latter's india visit in 2014.
;;0.0;;madurai: lok sabha deputy speaker and aiadmk leader m thambi durai on sunday, lashed out at prime minister modi over his 'trailer' remarks about the interim union budget saying the movie would be different from the trailer adding that it was more an election manifesto than budget.
;;0.0;;it will be presented to him by gujarat chief minister modi modi.
;;-0.9081;;rajkot: former prime minister manmohan singh on thursday attacked prime minister modi on demonetization calling it a disastrous move for the economy and demanded that all documents and files related to the note ban move be made public and available for scrutiny of the parliamentary committee.
;;0.0;;on modis claims during his poll campaigns that the former pm never gave him time to discuss the narmada dam issue, singh said modi , when he was chief minister of gujarat, had never approached him.
;;0.0;;singh also clarified earlier that modi had never sought his time over the narmada dam issue.
;;-0.4767;;however, modi has been saying in his public addresses that singh may have forgotten about him due to old age or under pressure from the congress.
;;0.7906;;guwahati: a day after the union cabinet chaired by prime minister modi empowered the assam government to implement local land policies and laws to secure the interest of indigenous people, the prabajan virodhi manch (pvm) on thursday asked the state government to immediately pass a legislation reserving land, employment and other benefits for the indigenous communities and pre-1951 citizens of the state and their descendants.
;;0.4215;;washington: the trump administration wants prime minister modi to lower the trade barriers and embrace fair and reciprocal trade, the us said tuesday as secretary of state mike pompeo reached new delhi for crucial talks with the new government.
;;0.2023;;bilateral trade is likely to be an important topic of discussion during pompeo's key talks with the new indian leadership and ahead of this week's meeting between prime minister modi and president donald trump on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.4404;;there is enormous potential to grow our trade relationship and create the high-quality jobs that prime minister modi wants if india lowers trade barriers and embraces fair and reciprocal trade, according to a state department fact sheet released on tuesday.
;;0.0772;;the work done by prime minister modi for the welfare of the sc community will be elaborated upon at the rally and we want to give the message that the bjp government is working for them, said a bjp leader.
;;-0.1803;;speaking to reporters after the demonstration, dhinakaran said he did not agree on showing black flags to prime minister modi while he visits tamil nadu on april 12.
;;0.6249;;he said the state government was committed to providing air connectivity to farflung areas and he was grateful to prime minister modi for including himachal pradesh in the scheme.
;;0.128;;co/iy1nevbyky  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566639030000abu dhabi: prime minister modi on saturday launched the rupay card here, making the uae the first country in the middle east to initiate the indian indigenous system of electronic payment.
;;0.4939;;pm modi launched the rupay card by making a special purchase which he will offer as 'prasad' at the shreenathji temple in bahrain tomorrow.
;;0.1531;;it is to be mentioned that in 2016, 'operation vayu shakti' was organsied in this range which was attended by president pranab mukherjee, prime minister modi along with many other dignitaries from india and abroad.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi accused prime minister modi of giving pre-scripted interviews, claiming that it would be an embarrassment to us all if he did take real questions.
;;-0.1027;;we are ready for debate, irani said in surat, when asked by reporters about the congress chiefs attacks on modi.
;;0.4005;;pm modi with shinjo abe (r) (ani photo)kobe: prime minister modi on thursday said the bilateral strategic ties between india and japan will become more robust as india aims to be a $5 trillion economy in the next five years.
;;0.0;;modi is in japan to attend the g20 summit to be held in osaka from friday.
;;-0.81;;the order mentions that the increasing number of complaints regarding air, water, noise, municipal solid waste, plastic waste and hazardous waste pollution in the state has not just resulted in piling up of right to information applications but also a spiral of grievances on public portal of prime minister modi and state chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.4767;;on the occasion, the congress leader said that fake degree issue had started with prime minster modi , union minister smriti irani, abvp chief of delhi university ankiv baisoya and now rao narbir singh was also involved in this.
;;0.2023;;on the recent elections results in five states, he said that the bjp was 5-0 and the congress stopped the vijay rath of prime minister modi and party president amit shah.
;;0.2732;;though hasina will be in the region the previous day as well when she travels from kolkata to santiniketan to attend the convocation at visva-bharati along with prime minister modi and inaugurates the bangladesh bhavan thereafter, she will fly to bolpur directly from kolkata airport in a helicopter on arrival from dhaka.
;;0.0;;there she will visit rabindra bhavan and then attend the convocation that will be chaired by the chancellor, prime minister modi , who is expected to fly down to the indian air force aerodrome at panagarh and then take a chopper to santiniketan.
;;0.0;;both the pms will depart in the evening, modi for delhi and sheikh hasina for kolkata.
;;-0.7269;;though cm mamata banerjee is also invited to the programme at visva-bharati, sources said she could cancel the trip after the frosty exchange with modi over panchayat poll violence.
;;0.7003;;new delhi, may 15 (reuters) - india's ruling party was running neck-and-neck with the main opposition congress in a southern state on monday, an early vote count showed, in an election seen as a measure of prime minister modi modi's popularity ahead of general elections next year.
;;-0.6369;;investors are watching the contest closely as they worry a loss for modi would force him to double down on populist measures, such as extending farm loan waivers a year before the 2019 elections.
;;-0.8481;;if modi failed to capture the state, that would re-energise congress under rahul gandhi, the fifth-generation scion of the nehru-gandhi dynasty that is trying to exploit dissatisfaction over a lack of jobs for young people and rising fuel prices.
;;-0.2732;;ahmedabad: jignesh mevani, leader of gujarats dalit movement, is an outspoken critic of prime minister modi and the bjp.
;;0.0;;jalandhar: prime minister modi has a date with three nobel laureates at a private university in jalandhar on january 3.
;;0.9769;;the three nobel winning scientists who will be part of this discussion with modi are avram hershko, winner of 2004 nobel prize for chemistry; f duncan m haldane, winner of 2016 nobel prize for physics; and thomas christian sdhof, winner of 2013 nobel prize for medicine.
;;0.2023;;vijayawada: on the eve of prime minister modi modis visit to guntur, tdp and left parties staged protests across the state.
;;0.3182;;on saturday, huge hoardings went up asking modi to go back.
;;0.0;;modi had brought two pots, one carrying earth and the other water, during the foundation stone laying ceremony of amaravati four years ago.
;;0.0;;last month, ravi had said prime minister modi has expressed the need to conclude the talks in three months.
;;0.0;;at the same time, the locals stand staunchly behind prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5719;;tnnnew delhi: in a fresh assault on the government's recent surveillance order, the congress on monday accused prime minister modi of being a 'peeping tom' who is systematically converting india into a 'nanny state'.
;;-0.4767;;congress leader abhishek singhvi said that though modi government had set out to create a surveillance state, it developed cold feet along the way and was forced to issue a clarification the day after it issued the order, following public pressure.
;;-0.743;;post the december 20 order of the home ministry, the modi government is gearing up to take another unconstitutional step towards gross violation of people's right to privacy, singhvi said.
;;-0.7096;;expressing alarm over the government's move to break the existing end-to-end encryption of data, congress alleged violating privacy of people has become the norm of the modi government and that the proposed amendments were discussed behind closed doors.
;;0.5574;;the congress leader and supreme court advocate also said if the amendments are implemented, modi government will hold the key to both personal and professional data of all sections, completely erasing the fundamental right to privacy.
;;0.0;;2 km all-weather tunnel on jammu-srinagar highway was inaugurated by prime minister modi on april 2, 2017.
;;0.0;;pm modi had inaugurated this on may 26, 2017.
;;0.4939;;addressing the indian community in this japanese city, prime minister modi said japan has played an important .
;;0.3818;;read morekobe: prime minister modi said on thursday the ties between india and japan have become stronger from the time the two countries cooperated to make a car to coming together to manufacture the bullet trains.
;;0.4939;;addressing the indian community in this japanese city, prime minister modi said japan has played an important role in india's economic development.
;;0.802;;when a similar citizens initiative of akola was recently praised by prime minister modi , the ripples of happiness from morna reached chhatri too.
;;0.2263;;bhubaneswar: prime minister modi will visit balangir on january 15 and unveil a basket of central government projects in odisha worth rs 1,545 crore.
;;0.0;;modi will inaugurate 15km balangir-bichhupali section of 289km long khurda-balangir new rail line project built at a cost of rs 115 crore.
;;0.0;;post office passport sewa kendras at jagatsinghpur , kendrapara, puri, phulbani, bargarh and balangir will be inaugurated by modi on tuesday.
;;-0.8338;;bhopal: computer baba may have dropped his ' narmada ghotala yatra ' campaign against the shivraj singh chouhan government after getting minister-of-state (mos) status, but his complaint to prime minister modi on the alleged scam is still progressing.
;;0.0;;he added that bjp would bank on the works of development undertaken by prime minister modi , and not on money or muscle power.
;;0.128;;talking to reporters here on wednesday to give as assessment of the work done under the regime of prime minister modi and yogi government for development of varanasi, tandon said, in the regimes of modi and yogi, development projects and social welfare work of rs 2,2949 crores have been launched.
;;0.6597;;in the four years since the modi government announced plans to make india open defecation free by october 2019, goas household toilet coverage has increased marginally from 60  in 2014-15 to 76.
;;0.4019;;raje attributed the performance of bjp, which has emerged as the single largest party in karnataka polls, to the leadership of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;she said that under the leadership of modi the country was fast moving towards being congress-free.
;;0.5499;;agriculture minister prabhulal saini said that the congress did everything to defame pm modi but the people of karnataka have given the opposition party a befitting reply.
;;0.0;;fogwa president ashok jirawala said, varanasi is the parliamentary constituency of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6808;;while pm modi and xi catch up, govt moves on 96 new border posts segregating its attempts to have friendly relations with china from the security strategy, the modi government will build a whopping 96 more indo-tibet border police (itbp) border outposts (bops) along the 3,488 km long india-china border.
;;0.0;;it came after an equally congenial visit to indonesia, and chinese president xi jinpings unexpected rapprochements with prime minister modi and north koreas kim jong un.
;;-0.296;;in xis meeting with modi in april, the two emphasized that they would avoid border clashes.
;;0.7003;;prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping looking on along the east lake, in wuhan (afp photo)the smile diplomacy can be successful, but only within certain limits, said june teufel dreyer, a university of miami political science professor and author of middle kingdom and empire of the rising sun -- a 2016 book on china-japan ties.
;;-0.8934;;karat said that though the national outrage had forced prime minister modi to break his silence, it was too little, too late and had only insulted the memory of the child and the family of the victim.
;;0.0;;she met prime minister modi on wednesday and raised the issue of renaming the state.
;;-0.8689;;beijing is miffed that prime minister modi is not attending its showpiece one belt, one road (obor) summit later this week, while new delhi is worried that obors flagship project, the china pakistan economic corridor (cpec), runs through pok even as china dismisses concerns about pakistan-sponsored terrorism and aggressively asserts itself on india-china territorial disputes  as it did recently by conferring chinese names on cities in arunachal pradesh.
;;0.5719;;this figure is expected to increase further later this week as the amma twowheeler subsidy scheme, inaugurated by prime minister modi on february 24, gains ground.
;;-0.6124;;but perhaps the main reason for aaps resounding defeat was that kejri positioned himself directly against modi , who was projected as the face of the bjp.
;;0.6908;;modi and his followers have persuasively laid claim to a number of sarkari initiatives  from demonetisation and swachh bharat, to the rolling out the gst, which while in the opposition the bjp had stoutly resisted  to metaphorically and literally clean up the body politic and give a boost to the economy.
;;0.3612;;they have shown a decided preference for a politician modi who confidently asserts that the buck of governance stops with him and that he will deliver.
;;0.1397;;it is not only believed to be one of the most important occasions for jains but also tourists and political leaders as evident from the fact that president ram nath kovind inaugurated it and prime minister modi took part in its concluding ceremony.
;;0.0;;also, the national conference of director general of police (dgps) is planned at kevadia colony on december 19 and 20 which the prime minister modi will chair through video conferencing.
;;0.25;;he also challenged prime minster modi to dissolve the parliament, and face the people in the elections, speaking on the occasion of the party's diamond jubilee celebrations held at its headquarters in darussalam.
;;0.8481;;new delhi: defence minister nirmala sitharamans two-hour long reply on the debate over the rafale deal in lok sabha on friday won laurels from party colleagues, including prime minister modi , as they shared her speech on their social media handles and claimed she had demolished the congress allegations.
;;-0.2023;;she dismissed allegations of corruption and said it was far better on every count and hit back at congress, saying while the bofors deal was a scam, the rafale deal would bring pm modi back to power in the coming elections.
;;0.0;;he has, through unrelenting efforts, converted the nationwide following of prime minister modi into considerable depth in the localities.
;;0.8795;;he understands very well the importance of groundswell of goodwill, public trust and support earned by modi.
;;0.3832;;felicitating shah on his rajya sabha election, modi pointed out that to galvanise party organisation when the party is in power is extremely difficult.
;;-0.4215;;kurukshetra: prime minister modi took on opposition parties by invoking the mahabharata at a swachh bharat abhiyan event in kurukshetra town of haryana on tuesday, saying it was time to launch a final war on immorality and corruption.
;;0.5719;;modi was here to reward women and institutions for their contribution to cleanliness and outdoor defecation-free campaigns of the centre.
;;0.1027;;modi reached out to voters in the state by saying his journey to the pms seat began in the states rewari district.
;;0.0;;modi lauded haryana cm manohar lal khattar and the state for producing medal-winning women athletes.
;;-0.4019;;jo maha bhrasht hai unko hi modi se kasht hai (only those who are corrupt have a problem with modi).
;;0.6124;;godrej, however, congratulated prime minister modi for presenting a grand vision to build a new india and nearly double economy to a $5 trillion giant over the course of his second term in office.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 2, 2018prime minister modi pays tribute to sardar vallabhbhai patel under his newly-inaugurated statue 'stat.
;;0.5719;;they suspect modi modis new-found enthusiasm in organising sufi conclaves as part of the grand design to neutralise the muslim community in india.
;;0.0;;the modi government is using barelvi muslims in north india and their counterparts in kerala to implement its secret agenda of making muslims inactive, alleges koya.
;;-0.3612;;any rise in tax will impact alcohol demand as companies will have to pass the additional levy to consumers, according to edelweiss securities ltd.farm waivers are on the agenda of all political parties as prime minister modi struggles to alleviate agrarian distress ahead of a national election around may.
;;-0.5994;;ahmedabad: in a clear counter-offensive on senior officials not toeing the political line in the probe into 2002 riots and subsequent encounters, the modi government in gujarat has decided to charge-sheet deputy inspector general (dig) rahul sharma for indiscipline and violation of official secrets act (osa).
;;-0.6486;;the chargesheet cleared by chief minister modi on wednesday, it is learnt, accuses sharma of passing on information to the nanavati commission, which is probing the godhra incident and post-godhra riots, without the permission from the government.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had also mentioned about the paintings at udaipur railway station in mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi took it up a notch on tuesday by calling siddaramaiahs government a seeda rupaiyya (money first) one.
;;0.0;;modi insisted the only alternative to this corrupt government was the bjp.
;;-0.7003;;islamabad: pakistan railway minister sheikh rashid ahmed suffered an electric shock on friday while speaking against prime minister modi at a rally during the kashmir hour.
;;0.0;;yeh modi is jalse ko nakam nahi kar sakta (i think it was electric current.
;;0.4717;;modi cannot ruin this rally), he said while resuming his speech.
;;0.7906;;state's happiness department  the only one of its kind in the country introduced a calendar, which the chief minister presented to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.34;;stepping up the heat against the centre ahead of the prime minister modi modis visit to the state, chief minister on sunday released the first white paper explaining the status of implementation of assurances made by the pm.
;;0.4019;;ayodhya: ahead of shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray's visit to ayodhya on sunday to offer prayers at the makeshift ram lalla temple, his party leader sanjay raut said the ram temple will be constructed under the leadership of prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.0;;on construction of ram temple in ayodhya, raut said, it will be constructed under modi and yogi's leadership.
;;0.0;;new delhi, jan 13 () bihar deputy chief minister modi will head the seven-member committee to look into revenue shortfall being faced by the states after the gst roll-out, and suggest steps for augmenting collections, a gst council notification said.
;;0.6808;;general (retd) david h petraeus, who served as cia director during barack obama's presidency in the us in 2011-12, said india was poised for a breakout modi moment during prime minister modi 's second term in office after a remarkable electoral result.
;;0.6808;;petraeus also highlighted the need for the uk to move beyond the nostalgia of the past and acknowledge that india is now poised for a breakout modi moment during prime minister modi modi's second term in office after a remarkable electoral result.
;;0.34;;the trump administration wants prime minister modi to lower the trade barriers and embrace fair and reciprocal trade.
;;0.0;;the reason: prime minister modi is scheduled to visit the place in sant kabir nagar district, 300 km away from lucknow.
;;0.0;;a couple of hours before prime minister modi walked down a small stretch of the 9.
;;0.0;;mili, along with eight other village headmen of his tribe, walked the entire length of the bridge after it was opened by modi .
;;0.0;;raipur: the state's danteshwari sewa , being operated by women , got a thumbs up from prime minister modi in his ' mann ki baat ' programme on sunday.
;;0.34;;karur: prime minister modi is scared that the dmk congress alliance has emerged as a strong front in tamil nadu, even as the bjp experienced a setback in its strongholds, dmk president m k stalin said on thursday.
;;0.25;;modi is afraid of dmk  congress alliance, especially after the dent in bjps strongholds in the recently concluded assembly elections in northern states.
;;0.6486;;modi is using the weapon of corruption cases to coerce aiadmk into an alliance with a desire to win at least one or two seats.
;;0.5994;;in a bid to fulfill prime minister modi modis dream of having the world's largest stadium in gujarat, gca president amit shah , senior vice-president parimal nathwani and joint secretary jay shah are closely monitoring all developments and providing inputs at each stage of the project.
;;-0.9349;;trichy: the mangalamedu police in perambalur district arrested headquarters speaker of the tamil nadu muslim munnetra kazhagam tmmk ) from here on wednesday for his derogatory remarks against prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah m mohammed shareef, 24, of marsingpet in trichy was arrested by the police on charges of disobedience to order, threat to a public servant, provoking breach of peace and criminal intimidation.
;;-0.3612;;he made abusive comments against modi and amit shah for withdrawing the special status to jammu and kashmir under article 370 the video of his speech went viral on social media.
;;0.7425;;new delhi: one of the most popular indian cartoon character ' chhota bheem ' has been inspired by prime minister modi 's swachh bharat movement.
;;0.128;;the swacch bharat abhiyan, a scheme by prime minister modi was launched five years back.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had called the campaign  satyagraha se swacchagraha.
;;0.4939;;the app has been titled as chhota bheem swachh bharat ru, where the cartoon character can be seen holding a broom while standing next to prime minister modi and his friend.
;;-0.1027;;i just apologized to indian ambassador harsh shringla for trump's amateurish and embarrassing mistake, congressman brad sherman tweeted hours after trump's stunning claim that prime minister modi sought his mediation or arbitration efforts to resolve the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;everyone knows pm modi would never suggest such a thing (sic), tweeted sherman, who has been closely following the development in south asia for past few decades.
;;-0.4601;;the republic of india is one of america's closest and most important allies, and we look forward to working with prime minister modi and indian officials to combat terrorism and extremism throughout the region, the two influential lawmakers said in their joint statement.
;;0.3612;;earlier monday, during a meeting with pakistan pm imran khan at the oval office, trump told reporters that pm modi sought his mediation in the kashmir issue and that he was ready for it.
;;0.0;;mumbai: in his first mann ki baat speech of 2018, prime minister modi emphasised on women empowerment and highlighted the unique role of all-woman staff at matunga station.
;;0.0;;modi also mentioned that a few days ago president ram nath kovind met women achievers, who distinguished themselves in various fields across the country.
;;0.0;;modi mentioned that matunga station on central railway was unique as it is an allwoman station.
;;0.5267;;new delhi: the congress hit out at the government on monday over reports of capital outflow from the country, saying it is a vote of no confidence and a huge wake-up call for prime minister modi and his government.
;;0.5994;;the centre had told the top court that cabinet approval for the scheme could not be obtained since prime minister modi and his cabinet colleagues were busy in the karnataka poll campaign.
;;-0.296;;the central government led by prime minister modi has failed to create jobs.
;;-0.0258;;co/dxueeikzxu  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1567654209000new delhi: prime minister modi on thursday described the blast at a firecracker factory in punjab as heart-wrenching and hoped for the early recovery of those injured.
;;0.0516;;i hope the injured recover at the earliest, the prime minister's office tweeted quoting modi.
;;0.4717;;to appease says that if we come to power, we will not care about the supreme court (and) we will ban the ordinance, the law, the bill mr modi is trying to bring in consonance to what the supreme court has said, patra said.
;;-0.4767;;ahmedabad: unleashing a scathing attack at the opposition during a poll campaign in palanpur, prime minister modi on sunday claimed that congress leaders had held a secret meeting with pakistani envoy and foreign minister of the neighbouring country before mani shankar aiyar had called him a neech person.
;;-0.1027;;pm modi also questioned why a former pakistan army director general insisted on making ahmed patel, political advisor of congress president sonia, as the chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.0;;they must answer the country, added modi.
;;-0.6369;;pm modi , who had to cut short his speech due to bad throat apologised before the public and affirmed that he would return soon to talk to the people of palanpur.
;;0.0;;in 2012, entire gujarat was with modi , but only these five assembly seats in banaskantha did not remain with the bjp.
;;0.0;;when you shout modi.
;;0.4404;;i am fortunate that wherever i go for the poll campaign in gujarat, people feel that aapna narendrabhai is here not the prime minister, pm modi added.
;;0.1719;;k chandrasekhar rao (file photo)hyderabad: chief minister k chandrasekhar rao on sunday warned prime minister modi and home minister amit shah not to hurt people of telangana by making, what he described, derogatory comments on the states bifurcation.
;;-0.5927;;trs says both modi and shah had made those comments at various public rallies and more recently before the september 17 liberation day, but bjp has denied making any derogatory statements.
;;0.25;;the choice of orange has sparked debates back home with some opposition politicians accusing prime minister modi 's right-wing hindu nationalist party of pushing its trademark saffron hue on the team.
;;0.0;;the graffiti will also be displayed in a gallery at jhunjhunu town of rajasthan on thursday, which will be viewed by prime minister modi where he would be presiding over the beti bachao, beti padhao extension programme on international women's day.
;;0.0;;co/2gnvd2vnmk  niti aayog (@nitiaayog) 1561281543000new delhi: think-tank niti aayog on sunday said that expert panel for macroeconomics and employment came out with suggestions to achieve $5-trillion economy target during an interaction with prime minister modi pm modi on saturday had an interaction with economists and industry experts on india's current economic situation.
;;0.0;;it will be the first full budget of the modi 2.
;;0.4404;;this story is from october 26, 2018subramanian swamy (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityahmedabad: subramanian swamy rajya sabha mp from bjp, on thursday said that the cbi director, alok verma, is an 'upright officer' who was doing a 'good job to check corruption' and urged prime minister modi to reconsider action taken against him.
;;-0.128;;nirav modi ran away, mehul choksi ran away and in the case of (vijay) mallya, the lookout notice was lowered for him to go.
;;0.7269;;panaji: the release of documents on social media pertaining to the procurement of frontline rafale fighter jets has vindicated the congress partys stand that prime minister modi had kept chief minister manohar parrikar in the dark, the party said here on friday.
;;0.0258;;he said that the release of the documents along with the leaked audio tape of goas health minister vishwajit rane only served to give further credence to the congresss allegation that modi played a key role in the rafale deal.
;;0.0;;dr raghavaiah, who was in the city to attend railway unions sammelan, said, modi government will spend rs1 lakh crore for bringing bullet train to india.
;;0.0;;modi can then think of running bullet train and give it to ambani.
;;0.6369;;raghavaiah said modi should infuse the rs1 lakh crore funds earmarked for bullet train to strengthen the signalling equipment and tracks, improve the speed of trains up to 160 kilometre per hour and condition of locomotive engines.
;;0.25;;mumbai\thane: prime minister modi 's dream project of bullet train is underway in mumbai thane, and the under the sea tunnel may finish completion by august 15, 2022, the md of national high speed rail corporation ltd. (nhsrcl) achal khare said.
;;0.2617;;prime minister modi was scheduled to arrive to pay his respects, but the trip was cancelled because of security reasons.
;;0.0;;the statue was inaugurated by prime minister modi on the 143rd birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel - the first home minister and deputy prime minister of india.
;;0.25;;following this move, pinarayi vijayan in his letter to prime minister modi in january, said the move was unjustified, and went against the interests of kerala.
;;0.4019;;lucknow/ gorakhpur: indicating that prime minister modi will contest the coming lok sabha elections from uttar pradesh , bjp national president amit shah called upon the party cadres in the state to go to each and every village to convey pm's message.
;;0.5267;;modi had contested 2014 general polls from varanasi in up and vadodara in gujarat, and had let go vadodara seat after winning both.
;;0.0;;shah, did not clarify whether modi will stick to varanasi seat.
;;0.3818;;with the launch of kisan samman yojana by pm modi in gorakhpur on sunday, bjp would ensure that rs 7.
;;0.128;;however, no sooner did yeddyurappa rejoin the bjp to galvanise the party, the central leadership under modi and national president amit shah asked him to contest from his sons seat of shivamogga.
;;0.0;;i will discuss with prime minister modi and (party) all india president amit shahji, afterwards i will meet governor, yeddyurappa told reporters in response to a question.
;;0.128;;lucknow: a day after prime minister modi attacked the opposition for playing caste politics with him in wake of ongoing lok sabha elections by casting aspersions on his backward class status, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra said that the opposition parties were only talking about development and claimed that she was not even aware of his caste.
;;0.128;;on saturday, pm modi had attacked the opposition parties for playing caste politics and emphasised that he belonged to an extremely backward caste.
;;-0.1416;;launching an aggressive attack on prime minister modi , owaisi declared that he was not afraid of death.
;;0.0;;yet modi has not spoken about it.
;;0.0;;he suggested that the modi government allocate rs 2,000 crore for rehabilitation of women divorced under triple talaq.
;;-0.5267;;new delhi: prime minister modi on saturday inaugurated two hydroelectric projects in jammu & kashmir, indicating his government's political will to respond to pakistan's use of terrorism against india with every option at its command, including using in full india's share of water from western tributaries of the indus, as possible leverage points.
;;0.296;;building infrastructure on indus, chenab, jhelum and their tributaries is part of the modi government's plan to utilise india's share of water from western tributaries of the indus.
;;0.6808;;the demolition of the guru ravidas temple in a forest area in tughlakabad here led to a huge controversy, with the aap seeking prime minister modi modi's intervention in ensuring that the land be given back to the ravidas community to rebuild the place of worship.
;;0.0;;madurai: the rs 125-crore multi-specialty hospital of the government rajaji hospital is set to start functioning from the second week of january 2019 with a soft launch, while prime minister modi is expected to inaugurate it formally later.
;;-0.2263;;the standoff ended when chinese troops stopped the road construction after which both countries stepped up efforts to normalise relations leading to the informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping at wuhan in april this year.
;;0.91;;both sides reiterated the importance of maintaining peace and tranquillity in the border areas, implementing the consensus reached between modi and xi and specific additional confidence building measures at the operational level, it said.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 30, 2018indore: if an inquiry begins into the rafale deal, prime minister modi is going to jail.
;;0.0;;pm modi took the decision unilaterally and handed the rs 30,000 cr deal to anil ambani .
;;0.0258;;it's a matter of time before pm modi goes to jail.
;;-0.8271;;so far, the education department has suspended two teachers for gross mistakes in class x english paper dealing with the prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6369;;bengaluru: freedom fighter hs doreswamy , who turns 100 on tuesday, said prime minister modi is behaving like a dictator which has resulted in a sad state of affairs in the country.
;;0.0;;despite union ministers speaking against the constitution and democracy, bjp national president amit shah has remained silent, and has not taken any action against them, doreswamy said, adding that while modi is maintaining a non-controversial image, he is inciting hidden agendas through cabinet ministers.
;;0.0;;while registration of participants and discussions will start on may 22, prime minister modi will inaugurate the meetings on may 23.
;;0.6249;;paswan on thursday shot off a letter to prime minister modi with his demand to protect the interest of scs and sts.
;;0.7717;;he praised prime minister modi for his efforts to implement the vision of dr ambedkar though schemes like' sab ka sath sabka vikas' and 'beti bachao, beti padao'.
;;-0.25;;the party alleged him of creating and promoting hatred and insulting prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.3612;;former mla and hooda loyalist raj kumar balmiki organised sundays rally, during which surjewala also took on the bjp-led nda government at the centre and prime minister modi .
;;0.4168;;he said the modi government had not waived farm loans despite widespread farmers distress.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi will address the nation on the 53rd episode of his monthly radio-broadcast mann ki baat today at 11am.
;;0.0;;kant said one of the things which prime minister modi has been focusing on in recent times is the target of becoming a $5 trillion economy by 2024 and subsequently a $10 trillion economy by 2030.
;;-0.875;;mathura: prime minister modi on wednesday recalled the horror of 9/11 attacks in the us on its 18th anniversary to brand pakistan as a hotbed of terror.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi at the sardar sarovar dam site.
;;0.0;;co/4lz3cw5ci7  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1568692440000kevadiya: prime minister modi turned 69 on tuesday and began the day with a visit to the statue of unity and the sardar sarovar dam on the river narmada in his home state of gujarat.
;;0.7845;;earlier on tuesday, modi arrived at kevadiya to take part in the 'namami narmada' festival being celebrated by the gujarat government to mark the filling up of the sardar sarovar dam on narmada river to its full reservoir level of 138.
;;0.0;;modi along with chief minister vijay rupani would perform 'puja' at the dam site to 'welcome' the water of river narmada, the lifeline of gujarat.
;;0.0;;modi also visited the khalvani eco-tourism site.
;;0.0;;the 16-km line is expected to be inaugurated by prime minister modi during his proposed visit to balangir on january 16.
;;-0.7096;;suresh apparently told his wife that he was upset over prime minister modi modis visit to tamil nadu on friday in the backdrop of the centres failure to constitute the cauvery management board.
;;0.7717;;new delhi: all the indian missions across the world has been asked to celebrate the international day of yoga in a grand manner and a video message of prime minister modi has been sent to all embassies for screening at the beginning of the yoga protocol, the external affairs ministry said thursday.
;;0.1531;;new delhi: prime minister modi will visit the us from september 21-27 during which he will address the annual un general assembly session and have a series of bilateral and multilateral engagements in new york, the ministry of external affairs said on thursday.
;;0.0;;mea spokesperson raveesh kumar said modi will also attend an indian community event in houston during the visit.
;;0.0;;according to an updated list of speakers for the general debate of the 74th session of the un general assembly (unga), modi will address the session on the morning of september 27.
;;0.4215;;as the world commemorates mahatma gandhi 's 150th birth anniversary, modi will also host a special event 'leadership matters: relevance of gandhi in the contemporary world' on september 24 in the economic and social council (ecosoc) chamber in the un headquarters.
;;0.7184;;bhopal: prime minister modi modis announcement of a defence industrial corridor in bundelkhand has raised hopes in madhya pradesh of transforming this parched region into a land of opportunity.
;;0.802;;heartfelt gratitude to pm modi for announcing a defence industrial corridor for bundelkhand.
;;0.1027;;ashes kept at japan's renkoji temple, which some believe are netaji's (file photo)kolkata: amidst raging controversy about the end of netaji subhas chandra bose , his daughter anita bose pfaff on thursday urged prime minister modi to ensure dna tests are done on the ashes kept at renkoji temple in japan to bring out the truth and alleged that certain people in the previous governments had neglected the matter as they never wanted the mystery to be solved.
;;-0.8555;;lauding pm modi for his efforts to solve the mystery surrounding netaji's death, anita bose pfaff said, she feels that her father had died in the air crash on august 18, 1945 unless proved otherwise.
;;0.5267;;she said she would like to meet pm modi in person and also the japanese authorities to request them to allow the dna tests of the ashes at the renkoji temple.
;;0.765;;i would like to meet pm modi to thank him for his efforts to unravel the mystery by declassifying the files held with the central government and request him and the japanese authorities to ensure that the dna test on the ashes are conducted.
;;0.0;;in 2016, the modi government released 100 files regarding netaji.
;;0.8225;;new delhi: prime minister modi in his mann ki baat on sunday shared stories of ordinary men and women who had made extraordinary contributions to society, and who were honoured with padma awards this year.
;;0.34;;modi also shared the story of bhajju shyam of madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi , in a letter written in response to a congratulatory message by his pakistani counterpart imran khan , has called for early operationalisation of the kartarpur corridor which is functional all the year round, according the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;the letter by modi was sent to khan on june 12, the mea said.
;;0.0;;the was letter written by prime minister modi to imran khan.
;;0.34;;agra: prime minister modi will address a public rally  his first after the union cabinet gave its approval for 10  reservation in education and government jobs for the poor among upper castes  here today to kick-start his partys poll campaign in uttar pradesh where caste equations have always played a major role.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will also address a public gathering at kothi meena bazaar ground in agra.
;;0.6908;;notably, prime minister modi has recently outlined his vision for a new, developed and prosperous jammu and kashmir in his first speech since the abrogation of article 370, he said that article 370 had deprived the people of j&k of the benefits of well-argued and well thought out central legislations meant for the entire country.
;;-0.0516;;as a home minister of the country, i can say the crime rate has gone down in bihar after the enforcement of prohibition as compared to earlier period, singh said, adding even prime minister modi had appreciated the prohibition in the state during his recent visit to champaran.
;;-0.4234;;new delhi: the opposition does not appear keen on prime minister modi , suspecting that this might be a bid to make the entire exercise a presidential-style campaign that could subdue incumbency.
;;0.0;;bjp leaders have pointed out that the next lok sabha election is going to be a referendum on modi and the nda government, irrespective of whether it is clubbed with state polls.
;;0.7469;;but the possibility remains alive as bjp under modi has shown the ability to keep its opponents off balance.
;;-0.6486;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest cityshahdol: b jp workers, who were charged up with the speech of prime minister modi on friday, were soon in for a shock as soon as modi's chopper left for gwalior and news trickled in about sitting bjp mla from jaisingh nagar pramila singh defecting to the congress.
;;0.3612;;bengaluru: calling it a blatant lie, chief minister hd kumaraswamy on saturday refuted the allegation levelled by prime minister modi , who said the karnataka cm worked like a clerk in the jd(s)-congress coalition government.
;;0.4215;;i am amused to see modi reacting to a statement which i never made.
;;0.0;;such statements wont deter our coalition government from the development agenda, tweeted kumaraswamy soon after modi took a jibe at his government while addressing the bjps national executive meet in new delhi.
;;0.2732;;in hubballi, coordination committee chairman and former cm siddaramaiah said modi is trying to create differences between the congress and jd(s).
;;0.4404;;former pm and jd(s) supremo hd deve gowda responded diplomatically: what else can you expect from modi?
;;0.3612;;modi alleged that lakhs of farmers in karnataka were promised loan waivers but the government gave relief to only about 800, terming the congress-jd(s) scheme a cruel joke on farmers.
;;0.0;;kumarswamy had hit out at modi , saying his remarks were factually incorrect since it was not 800 but about 60,000 farmers who have benefited.
;;0.0;;box: tirade against siddaramaiah in 2018ahead of the karnataka assembly polls in may last year, pm modi had taken a dig at then chief minister siddaramaiah using different slogans.
;;0.0;;political experts say modi is targeting the congress-jd(s) government to shape a new narrative for his 2019 campaign.
;;-0.0258;;karnataka is a critical state for modi to retain 270+ and hence, an onslaught against the jd(s)-congress combine becomes vital.
;;0.4019;;pm modi with his thai counterpart prayut chan-ocha in new delhi in january last yearnew delhi: rolling out its new indo-pacific strategy, asean has reserved a special place for indias bimstec grouping as one to connect with.
;;0.0;;it was with this in mind that pm modi invited bimstec leaders to his second swearing-in last month.
;;-0.6124;;chandigarh: a day after the nationwide protests against the ruling bjp in centre, the haryana congress leaders on sunday intensified their attack on prime minister modi and haryana cm manohar lal khattar addressing a workers-cum-public rally in kherhi chopta village in the heart of narnaund assembly constituency , currently held by finance minister capt abhimanyu, surjewala announced to provide a loan waiver up to rs 50,000 for small farmers with up to two acres of land if elected.
;;-0.1027;;questioning the modi and khattar governments for not waiving off farm loans, surjewala said when rs 2,41,000 crore of loan of a dozen industrials can be waived off why the similar loan waiver cannot be given to indias 62 crore farmers, which is merely rs 2 lakh crore.
;;-0.4767;;the trinamool congress (tmc) chief had also dared prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah to get him arrested.
;;-0.4019;;in 2012, his wife unsuccessfully contested the state assembly poll on congress' ticket against prime minister modi from maninagar constituency in ahmedabad.
;;0.4939;;in charge of the two mammoth election rallies that prime minister modi addressed in udupi and mangaluru, singh ensured that every nitty-gritty was taken care of.
;;0.4215;;this is what i describe as emotional attachment of people of the coast with modi.
;;0.0;;punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh met prime minister modi on the issue and urged him to release rs 100 per quintal as compensation for farmers.
;;0.0;;bhopal: chief minister kamal nath has written a letter to prime minister modi regarding translocation of gir lions to kuno national park in madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;he has also requested modi to issue necessary directives in this regard to gujarat government and union ministry of environment.
;;-0.4019;;he also took a dig at self-styled, progressive thinkers for criticising prime minister modi for washing the feet of pourakarmikas on sunday.
;;-0.7003;;patole turned a critic after he had raised the distress of farmers at a parliamentary party meeting which was addressed by prime minister modi almost a year ago and was snubbed by the pm.
;;-0.0772;;patole, who had quit the congress to join bjp in 2009, also took potshots at modi on friday while speaking to reporters here, saying his response to issues raised by him was not expected in a democracy and they had an argument.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: power is like oxygen for some people with restlessness setting in if they are out of it for even two or five years, prime minister modi said on monday while taking a jibe at the opposition but without naming anybody or any party.
;;-0.1803;;the mind, modi asserted, is not ready to believe that vajpayee is no longer alive.
;;0.0;;trs mps also made several representations to prime minister modi listing out the demands.
;;-0.4939;;co/kc7ogabjuv  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1542604640000new delhi: ahead of the crucial rbi board meeting , congress president rahul gandhi monday accused prime minister modi of destroying institutions and hoped reserve bank governor urjit patel has a spine and will show the prime minister his place.
;;-0.7003;;taking to twitter, gandhi accused modi and his coterie of cronies of destroying institutions.
;;-0.7003;;the congress has accused the modi government of destroying every institution in the country and the latest one being the reserve bank of india.
;;0.5927;;the polls may wait, but prime minister modi must do what the present circumstances require him to do for the country's good, ramdev said.
;;0.0;;the survey on modi government's four years in office was conducted online from may 23-25 in languages across 9 media properties of the times group and received 8,44,646 responses.
;;0.0;;the issue of religious intolerance has dominated political debate since the modi government took office.
;;-0.1451;;the government has vehemently denied the allegations with prime minister modi saying on several occasions that he did not endorse any violence in the name of religion.
;;0.0;;with prime minister modi completing four years in office today, his government received a massive thumbs up in the poll overall, with almost two-third (71.
;;0.0;;9 ) of respondents saying they will vote for modi as pm candidate if general elections were held today.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal on friday sought prime minister modi modis intervention in the execution of the aap governments cctv project as it was related to women safety and should be above politics in a letter to modi , kejriwal sought an appointment with the pm and requested him to direct lieutenant governor anil baijal to allow the installation of cctv cameras.
;;0.6486;;the negotiations went on for two years but the formal agreement for nisar satellite happened when prime minister modi signed a declaration with former us president barack obama during his visit to the us in 2014.
;;-0.2586;;(ap)mahasamund/ chhindwara : continuing his tirade against congress over appointment of someone outside of the nehru-gandhi family as party chief, prime minister modi on sunday claimed that dalit leader sitaram kesri was not allowed to complete his term and was thrown out of office to the footpath to make way for sonia gandhi addressing an election rally on the last day of electioneering in chhattisgarh , the pm said four generations of gandhi family ruled the country but did nothing to help the people.
;;0.4019;;we will repeat that under the leadership of prime minister modi , party president amit shah and chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.0;;he announced that they were thinking of roping in prime minister modi to unveil the statue of the jat leader.
;;0.0;;india's semi-high speed train-18, with its maximum speed of 180 kmph, was inaugurated by prime minister modi from new delhi on thursday.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet , chaired by prime minister modi , approved rightsizing competition commission of india cci ) in pursuance of the minimum government  maximum governance, an official release said.
;;0.34;;dharamshala: the cabinet committee on security (ccs), headed by prime minister modi , has allowed the 17th karmapa ogyen trinley dorje to visit sikkim.
;;0.4215;;co/kph43kxg0j  modi (@sushilmodi) 1513599550000patna: bihar deputy chief minister and senior bjp leader modi on tuesday said party's victory in gujarat and himachal pradesh vindicated prime minister modi 's big policy decisions of demonetisation and gst.
;;0.7351;;sushil modi accompanied by bihar ministers mangal pandey, nand kishore yadav and prem kumar thanked people of the two states for their verdict and also congratulated the pm and party president amit shah over the victory.
;;0.4767;;sushil modi used an interesting coinage saying that congress party vitiated the electoral atmosphere by playing caste politics by invoking haj (hardik patel, alpesh thakore and jignesh mevani) which was defeated by bjp's ram (rupani, amit shah and modi modi).
;;-0.6486;;mumbai: a city-based ngo has written to prime minister modi , who helms the national board for wildlife, seeking a cbi probe into the manner in which tigress avni was shot dead.
;;0.5106;;bhubaneswar: prime minister modi on sunday showered praises on d prakash rao , a tea seller from cuttack , for his noble deed of educating poor slum kids of his locality.
;;0.0;;modi narrated raos story while addressing the nation during his monthly radio programme mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;he ensures education, health and meals for all the children coming to this school, said modi who met rao during his cuttack visit on saturday.
;;0.0;;rao along with his kids had met modi a few minutes before the public meeting begins at cuttack.
;;0.34;;my happiness knew no bound when i finally meet modi at 4.
;;0.3612;;amaravati: the andhra government is getting ready to give forest clearance for the prestigious high voltage direct current (hvdc) scheme of the centre which will connect the south and west regions, said ap chief secretary dinesh kumar speaking to prime minister modi through a video conference along with the chief secretaries of various states on wednesday, the kumar told that the power line will pass through kurnool , kadapa and chittoor districts and hence it will require forest clearance to lay the lines.
;;0.224;;chennai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswamy finds himself in a predicament, having mounted pressure on the centre by revealing that prime minister modi was not keen on meeting an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to discuss the establishment of the cauvery water management board , as directed by the supreme court in its february 16 verdict.
;;0.0;;with karnataka poll bound in the next couple of months and parliament session being convened from monday, modi may have his own reasons not to be seen rushing to the aide of tamil nadu.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi will meet later this week all those bjp mps who have held ministerial post either at the centre or in the state, sources said on monday.
;;0.4019;;modi has already met party parliamentarians belonging to the obc, sc and st categories.
;;0.0;;an mp, who attended one of these meetings, said modi directly interacted with them and it was more of an informal meeting.
;;0.0;;this will be the first series of meeting of modi with newly-elected mps of 17th lok sabha during the 16th lok sabha , the prime minister had met mps from various states in every session of parliament, where he had spoken to them about the government's agenda.
;;0.4118;;there were strong rumours that these two mlastourism minister manohar azgaonkar and sanvordem mla deepak pauskarwould join bjp on march 7 when prime minister modi is likely to address a rally in the state, but some said it may happen this week too.
;;0.0;;the chief ministers office, officials said, is coordinating with the pmo to finalise a date for the inauguration by prime minister modi according to officials, the cmrs submitted its report to delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc) chief this monday after an inspection from december 11-13.
;;0.0;;it is possible that inauguration may take place with a pressing of a button by modi or a rally may also be organised.
;;0.25;;referring to prime minister modi modis move to provide 10  quota for economically weaker section (ews), deshmukh said the same criteria should ideally apply for rte as well.
;;-0.2411;;we are not yet sure if rte guidelines will be modified to accommodate the decision by modi.
;;0.0258;;addressing party workers and locals, sonkar said  following the pulwama terror attack, prime minister modi had assured countrymen that our forces would be giving a befitting reply and today, our forces have taught them a strict lesson.
;;0.0;;modi pointed out that on january 25, 1950, the ec came into being, a day before india became a republic.
;;0.3182;;modi highlighted how polling personnel fan out to remotest corners to enable voters exercise their franchise.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi has embarked on a crucial visit to stockholm where he will meet the prime ministers of denmark, finland, iceland, norway and sweden as part of the first india-nordic summit.
;;0.7501;;sources said modi has been particularly keen to build closer ties with the nordic countries and there are hopes for some significant outcomes.
;;0.1531;;modi, for his part, has been sending conflicting messages about his free trade credentials.
;;0.5574;;that deal would be fantastic, of course, he told bloomberg, adding that he expects to discuss it with modi.
;;0.25;;the summit sees swedens lofven host modi on tuesday morning, while the other heads of government will each be granted 30-minute bilaterals in the afternoon.
;;0.0;;modi will hold bilateral talks with british counterpart theresa may.
;;0.4215;;the external affairs ministry had on saturday said modi would also meet german chancellor angela merkel during a brief stopover in berlin on april 20 after concluding his visits to sweden and the united kingdom.
;;0.7269;;conveyed pm's (prime minister modi ) greetings and appreciation for implementing india first'.
;;-0.7506;;pimpri chinchwad: shiv senas shirur mp shivajirao adhalrao patil on monday said a complaint against the alleged irregularities in implementing the waste to energy project of the pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation would be sent to prime minister modi , vigilance committee of the union government and chief minister devendra fadnavis addressing a news conference here on monday patil alleged that the waste to energy project was a waste to money project.
;;-0.4215;;he has put the onus on prime minister modi to invite him to do so despite new delhis strenuous rejection of his earlier overture and its reiteration that kashmir was a strictly bilateral matter between india and pakistan.
;;0.0;;its really up to prime minister modi , trump continued.
;;-0.2912;;sources say that barring very few, including prime minister modi , none is very sure of a repeat this time.
;;0.3818;;that is not the decider, nor is it the modi government and their promises, voter bhaskar patil told et in ballari city.
;;0.5499;;internal surveys by the rss had pegged the bjp's seats to about 75, but the party is expecting this to change after prime minister modi modi's rallies.
;;0.0;;pm modi is the other factor that is working on voters this election.
;;0.7845;;voter mallamma in gulledagud town of badami assembly segment, which siddaramaiah is contesting, said: i wish modi had been our candidate, i would love to vote for him.
;;0.3612;;others like malleshappa and shakarappa in shivaganga village of holalkere assembly segment, said: we are voting for the bjp candidate because of modi.
;;-0.631;;i voted for modi , but see how he has ruined my business.
;;0.765;;unlike modi , rahul gandhi does not have much traction, though some, like giriyamma in kanakagiri town, want congress to win in his name.
;;0.1901;;prime minister modi had promised us that underworld don dawood ibrahim will be brought to india, but now the nda government has imported sugar from pakistan.
;;0.0;;it appears that modi is more concerned over the plight of pakistan farmers,'' said the former chief minister.
;;-0.4939;;the entire sugar industry will collapse owing to import of sugar from pakistan, in that event modi will have to take the responsibility,'' he said.
;;0.0772;;those who [took the test] in gujarati had the easiest paper whereas students in south india were given difficult questions in their regional languages, pmk leader and former union minister anbumani ramadoss said in a letter to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1027;;he requested modi to press for presidential sanction of bills to exempt tamil nadu from neet.
;;-0.128;;jaipur: prime minister modi on thursday will announce the expansion of ' beti bachao beti padhao ' (bbbp) programme from the existing 161 to 640 districts all over the country and launch the national nutrition mission on the occasion of international women's day, in jhujhunu recently, jhunjhunu attained a remarkable achievement from having the worst sex ratio at birth among rajasthan districts to attaining minimum gender gap.
;;-0.6808;;kcr is trying to fool farmers by criticising prime minister modi for not having done anything concrete for the welfare of the ryots.
;;0.6597;;if kcr is sincere in his criticism, he should ask his mps to move a no trust resolution in parliament against modi government, he said, adding political parties and mps from ap are planning a no-trust move against the bjp-led government in parliament demanding special category status for andhra pradesh.
;;0.6808;;stating that neither farmers nor other sections of people are willing to trust that kcr is actually speaking against modi , the congress leader pointed out that the ruling trs has earlier supported modi-led bjp government in president, vice-president polls, demonitisation and gst.
;;-0.3182;;hanumanth rao said that kcr had not uttered a single word against modi when utter injustice was meted to telangana in the union budget and when assurances of reorganisation act were not met.
;;0.2023;;52nd african development bank (afdb) meet in gujarat's gandhinagar +new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said that africa is top priority for india's foreign and economic policy and there isn't a single african country which hasn't been visited by an indian minister.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: taking a dig at prime minister modi , aimim chief asaduddin owaisi on thursday called the controversy around padmaavat as 'pakoda politics' of bjp .
;;-0.6369;;the jobless are burning buses, harassing schoolchildren, pelting stones, burning shopping malls and vehicles, he said, accusing modi of rolling out the red carpet for trouble-makers.
;;-0.4588;;stalin snubbed modi the very next day.
;;-0.296;;modi is no atal bihari vajpayee, he said, alluding to the prime ministers statement that the bjps open door was in line with former prime minister a b vajpayees philosophy of inclusiveness.
;;0.4779;;and then he said something that made him sound almost like his dad (who could embed more than two divergent meanings in a seemingly straight statement): the dmk will not be part of any alliance which has modi as the leader.
;;0.0;;the operative part, however, is that he would not ally with the bjp as long as modi is at the helm.
;;-0.4588;;stalin, from the day he took over as the dmk president in august last year, has been attacking modi.
;;-0.5574;;on the day of unveiling of the karunanidhi statue, in the presence of sonia, rahul, chandrababu naidu and pinarayi vijayan, stalin called modi a nazist, a fascist and a sadist.
;;0.4782;;now he has turned down the offer for an alliance, but modi has not returned a harsh word.
;;0.7574;;trying to be more loyal than the king, tamilisai said, by old friends, modi meant the pmk and the dmdk, not the dmk.
;;-0.296;;kanyakumari: prime minister modi will spend an hour in cyclone ockhi-hit kanyakumari district in tamil nadu on tuesday afternoon, interacting with family members of some missing fishermen, farmers and officials.
;;0.0;;modi will also interact with officials before leaving around 3.
;;0.4588;;in fact, prime minister modi set out 10 guiding principles to enhance our engagement with africa.
;;0.1779;;on the criticism levelled by union minister k j alphons, modi said alphons should go back and ask prime minister modi to promulgate an ordinance to circumvent the supreme court order if he really wanted to keep his word.
;;0.0;;he said in the letter that it was due to the endeavours of prime minister modi that the mela had been listed as an intangible cultural heritage under unesco.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was also present at the function.
;;0.872;;dave, a former banker, a classical singer, freedom fighter and karmakandi brahmin, considers prime minister modi a great leader to be born in the country after mahatma gandhi.
;;0.6249;;asked about the present political situation in the country and gujarat, dave said, after mahatma gandhi, i consider modi a great leader.
;;0.4019;;the congress leader also apprised prime minister modi about the flood situation and sought the centre's support to deal with the situations.
;;0.0;;the reason was mohsin inspected the helicopter used by prime minister modi due to which the latter was reported to have been held up for 15 minutes.
;;0.743;;new delhi: prime minister modi told bjps newly elected mps that they should work hard and improve their constituencies so that they are not dependent on his name and credentials to win in the 2024 elections.
;;0.5859;;the debutant mp, whose batting was a key contributor to the 2011 win, has recalled his experience of the meeting addressed by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1114;;gambhir said the prime ministers decision to walk down from the stage and sit among mps took everyone by surprise as modi drove home his message that mps and ministers must not allow barriers to come up between them and the organisation and people.
;;0.5256;;what particularly impressed me was modi jis organisational sense.
;;0.8474;;modi emphasised the need for team work rather than quest for individual glory and asked mps to take care of their health and not to neglect families.
;;0.5106;;chandigarh : punjab congress president sunil jakhar said on sunday that by calling chief minister amarinder singh an independent soldier, prime minister modi had acknowledged the free and democratic culture prevailing in the congress.
;;0.6369;;this is quite contrary to the autocratic and dictatorial culture prevailing in the bhartiya janata party (bjp) under modi , where saner and seasoned voices like those of l k advani, murli manohar joshi, yashwant sinha and shatrughan sinha have either been silenced or banished to the marg darshak mandal, jakhar said in a statement.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the bjp will observe ' seva saptah ' from september 14 to mark the birthday of prime minister modi , a senior leader said on thursday.
;;-0.4767;;new delhi: congress lamented on monday that lynchings were the idea of new india and the new normal for the country under prime minister modi and ruling bjp , alleging that mob justice, communal violence and atrocities against dalits have spiked in saffron-ruled states.
;;-0.4019;;singhvi said while modi makes grand statements, his factotums practise a licence to kill which would make james bond blush.
;;-0.3612;;chitradurga: accusing the congress of distorting history as part of a conspiracy to divide society, prime minister modi today flayed the siddaramaiah government in karnataka for celebrating the jayantis of sultans for the sake of vote bank politics.
;;0.4404;;modi was apparently referring to the siddaramaiah government's controversial decision to celebrate tipu jayanti every year on november 10, commemorating tipu sultan, the legendary 18th century ruler of mysore.
;;-0.296;;modi also accused the congress of sidelining several national stalwarts for the sake of one family.
;;0.4019;;he added that the pfi had stated that he had justified prime minister modi at a function at kadavathoor.
;;0.3612;;goyal credited prime minister modi and jaitley for the insolvency resolution plan.
;;0.296;;new delhi: prime minister modi on thursday comprehensively reviewed the state of the economy with finance minister nirmala sitharaman as his government scrambled for solutions to tackle a fast-spreading slowdown in various sectors, which is eroding wealth and causing job losses.
;;0.4019;;modi, after delivering his sixth straight address to the nation on the independence day from the ramparts of the red fort in delhi, went into brainstorming with sitharaman and all top officials in her ministry, sources privy to the development said.
;;0.4939;;gadkari also talked about leadership beyond caste considerations and praised prime minister modi for never invoking his caste.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi never talks about his caste.
;;0.0;;the bjp candidates are mainly banking on prime minister modi modi's charisma, and the schemes of the central government.
;;0.2023;;another problem is that all the top leaders, from pm modi , to party president amit shah, speak in hindi, something which is a disconnect with most telangana people, except in some urban pockets.
;;0.8271;;this perception of the party being a second front of prime minister modi has emerged in recent year with the aimim contesting elections in maharashtra and uttar pradesh, where it indirectly ensured that the muslim votes got split, helping the bjp win.
;;0.1779;;senior party leader p chidambaram took a swipe at pm modi for his attempts to woo investors in davos, saying on the day the pm invited world business to india, ahmedabad was hit by mob violence.
;;-0.8788;;this story is from november 27, 2018prime minister modi addresses a rally in bhilwara on mondaydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhilwara: addressing election rallies in poll-bound rajasthan on the 10th anniversary of 26/11 mumbai terror attacks, prime minister modi criticised the congress for teaching patriotism to opposition parties in 2008 and now demanding the proof for 2016 surgical strikes addressing his first election meeting of the day in bhilwara on monday, modi said the nation will never forget 26/11 mumbai and the perpetrators and was waiting for the appropriate time as law would take its course.
;;-0.8689;;the high court had ordered cbi to also probe the claims made by the state police after the encounter that ishrat and the other three persons were let terrorists on a mission to kill gujarat chief minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;still, union minister giriraj singh linked the incident to the naming of a square after prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;mallya's offer to settle dues came in response to prime minister modi modi's speech in the lok sabha on wednesday.
;;-0.3818;;vadnagar: congress vice-president rahul gandhi on saturday took the gujarat election battle to prime minister modi 's hometown, vadnagar.
;;0.0;;addressing the vadnagar rally, rahul said: when nothing worked, modi on friday made a full speech only on modi modi!
;;0.0;;modi is from here but our children have to go elsewhere for work and business, ganpatbhai said.
;;0.6124;;london: hundreds of demonstrators chanting slogans in favour of india's development and against atrocities taking place in the country have greeted prime minister modi as arrived at 10 downing street to hold talks with his british counterpart theresa may.
;;-0.2914;;on the other side, anti-modi protesters from caste watch uk and south asia solidarity group waved banners such as modi , you have blood on your hands and modi not welcome.
;;0.9042;;instead, indias steel factories are boosting production to keep up with prime minister modi modis infrastructure plans as he aims to transform ageing infrastructure across the nation and create smart cities, replete with affordable housing, improved sanitation and better transportation.
;;0.3818;;file photo of prime minister modi and china's president xi jinping (reuters)modi-xi will concentrate on strategic issuesbeijing: although china has recently dragged the kashmir issue to the united nations, it will not be a major topic during the discussions between pm modi and chinese president xi jinping when they meet in india in the coming weeks, a senior chinese official said here on tuesday.
;;0.25;;new delhi: prime minister modi will pitch for higher foreign investments into india riding on the economic reforms of the past three years, and will also outline delhis vision of an inclusive and rules-based world order amid chinas one belt one road initiative when he addresses the 21st edition of the st petersburg international economic forum (spief) on june 2.
;;0.7003;;india is the guest country at this edition of spief -- dubbed as davos of eurasia -- and modi is the guest of honour at the forum, coinciding with 70 years of creation of diplomatic ties between india and russia .
;;0.0;;modi and russian president vladimir putin will jointly address global business leaders and a political audience of over 5000 at the spief.
;;0.25;;modi will use this platform to outline his governments vision to establish india as one of the global players.
;;0.6486;;coming soon after the obor summit that india skipped, modi is likely to outline indias belief that connectivity initiatives must be based on universally recognised international norms, good governance, rule of law, openness, transparency and equality.
;;0.1027;;instc is one of the flagship connectivity projects that the modi government is investing in for smooth entry into russia, eurasia and europe.
;;0.6486;;trying to attract further foreign investments for the flagship projects, modi will also highlight economic achievements under his government, including key reforms such as the gst in the past three years, at the forum.
;;0.1531;;prime minister modi , chief ministers of bjp-ruled states from across india, 15 union ministers, dignitaries from different fields, religious heads, and around 10,000 bjp workers are expected to participate in the swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.0;;after the ceremony, rupani will host a lunch for modi and other high-profile guests at the mahatma mandir.
;;-0.7351;;prime minister modi speaks against corruption but did not answer questions on several scams in the country, the congress chief said.
;;-0.7506;;i questioned him (modi) on nirav modi (jeweller, accused in a punjab national bank fraud case) and why he was allowed to run away with people's money.
;;0.7102;;gandhi added that he would continue questioning modi but will not disrespect the prime minister despite his personal attacks on him.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is a follower of swami vivekananda.
;;-0.25;;fake videos circulating on youtube 02:42new delhi: some videos on youtube claim french president emmanuel macron greeted prime minister modi by touching his feet last june in paris.
;;0.5423;;france ke president nemodi ke pair chhoo kar liya aashirwad, modi ji ne utha kar gale laga liya (macron touches modis feet for blessings; modi embraces him), says the video title.
;;0.0;;goyal said prime minister modi sanctioned the project so that most modern facilities are available even to the common man.
;;-0.8176;;lucknow: forty-eight hours after a section of an under-construction flyover fell on moving cars and pedestrians in prime minister modi 's constituency varanasi, killing 18 people, the state government has sacked up bridge corporation managing director rajan mittal even before the accident probe report was submitted.
;;-0.5267;;continuing his tirade against aicc president rahul gandhi for calling prime minister modi a thief  in public gathering, vijayvargiya said, congress uses such language.
;;0.8885;;the state bjp unit is confident that the party will perform well in the ensuing lok sabha elections as its vote share would also increase due to 10 per cent ebc quota extended by the modi government.
;;-0.9268;;prime minister modi also expressed grief over the the accident and said it was extremely unfortunate and anguishing.
;;0.4215;;union cabinet chaired by prime minister modi on wednesday approved the ministry of railways initiative to set up the first ever national rail and transport university (nrtu) in vadodara to skill its human resources and build capacity.
;;0.5574;;belagavi: the image of swami vivekananda is so tall now that from prime minister modi to west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, no political leader in the country can escape from the shadow of the great monk, said swami suviranandaji maharaj, general secretary of belur math, kolkata, headquarter of ramakrishna mission and ramakrishna math.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister modi had promised the country after the pulwama attack that our force would take revenge and the pm has kept his promise, he said.
;;0.3818;;modi has proved that this india is a new india and a stronger one.
;;-0.7783;;the strike has proved that modi and india will not remain quiet if terror attacks happen, he added.
;;0.8126;;new delhi: responding to prime minister modi 's barbs that congress should get someone outside the nehru-gandhi family to lead the party, former union minister p chidambaram listed out names of the party's past presidents who did not belong to the first family of the grand old party.
;;-0.6997;;goyal, who faced prime minister modi 's queries on punctuality of trains at the pragati meeting last month, was particularly harsh on the northern railways chief as the zone was placed lowest on the punctuality index.
;;-0.2023;;the accused, who was wearing a khakhi dress, told rathod that he was in police force and was on duty when prime minister modi had reached dharoi dam through a sea plane.
;;0.0;;shivraj singh chouhan did not listen to prime minister modi , who is opposed to dynastic rule.
;;0.0;;additional principal secretary to prime minister modi , pramod kumar mishra, has been invited to deliver the first convocation address of the institution.
;;0.2023;;leaders of top 20 economies of the world, including prime minister modi and the head of the european union are scheduled to meet in osaka, japan for the biannual g-20 summit.
;;0.2023;;upon reaching here, vasu held a discussion with cpm state secretary modi at akg centre.
;;0.0;;it is learnt that modi also had a conversation with padmakumar.
;;0.4966;;new delhi: congress said prime minister modi need not apologise for his remarks about former pm manmohan singh and can just withdraw his controversial statement in parliament by saying that he had merely played a stunt to win the gujarat polls.
;;0.1531;;in what threatens to escalate the ongoing stand-off in parliament over modis comment that singh had aligned with pakistani officials to influence gujarat elections, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said modi should have the courage to say in parliament what he said in public.
;;0.2023;;that is fine with us, he told reporters in parliament, adding that modi and the former pm were both members of parliament.
;;0.1027;;pm modi may attend the rajya sabha on thursday and there is much anticipation about what would happen.
;;0.0;;it would also bring modi and singh face to face.
;;-0.128;;sources said modi would have to find a way of meeting the oppositions demand, else the stand-off would continue.
;;0.0;;thakurnagar/durgapur: prime minister modi termed fridays interim budget  in which major sops were announced for farmers and the middle class  a trailer with more to follow when the full-fledged budget is presented after bjp is voted to power in the forthcoming general elections.
;;-0.5994;;guntur/visakhapatnam: tdp legislator from hindupur and actor nandamuri balakrishna on sunday defended his comments against prime minister modi , saying his remarks were only a reflection of anguish of the people of ap.
;;0.3818;;at a recent rally in mysuru, prime minister modi has affirmed the centres commitment to turning the 117km-long bengaluru-mysuru highway into a six-lane road.
;;-0.765;;ahmedabad: prime minister modi mentions pandit deendayal upadhyaya as a foremost figure who worked to uplift the poorest of the poor.
;;0.1779;;zadaphia had rebelled against bjp and floated a political outfit, maha gujarat janata party during the 2009 lok sabha poll, when modi was chief minister.
;;0.4019;;he, however, returned to the bjp fold, just before 2014 lok sabha elections when the saffron party stormed to power and modi became pm.
;;0.5423;;washington: the then us president barack obama used his african-american card to win over prime minister modi during the last phase of negotiations at the paris summit in late 2015, where india was the last holdout as its officials were the toughest negotiators, says a book on his presidency.
;;0.0;;then he spend nearly an hour with modi in paris.
;;-0.8402;;for nearly an hour, modi kept underscoring the fact that he had three hundred million people with no electricity, and coal was the cheapest way to grow the indian economy; he cared about the environment, but he had to worry about a lot of people mired in poverty.
;;0.5423;;modi smiled knowingly and looked down at his hands.
;;0.4019;;modi seemed to appreciate it.
;;0.4215;;he looked up and nodded, writes the former top white house official, while describing how obama used his african-american card to convince modi.
;;0.0;;obama and a group of us waited outside the meeting room, when the indian delegation showed up in advance of modi.
;;-0.4588;;modi came around the corner with a look of concern on his face, wondering what his negotiators were arguing with obama about, writes rhodes.
;;-0.34;;this is one reason why we had done the deal with china; if india was alone, it was going to be hard for modi to stay out, rhodes writes in the book.
;;0.1027;;times news networkvaranasi: chief minister yogi adityanath reached the city on friday evening and took stock of the projects to be inaugurated by prime minister modi during his proposed visit to the city on february 19.
;;-0.4767;;they make fake invoices, bihar deputy chief minister modi , who heads the group of ministers of gst network told reporters after a meeting here.
;;0.0;;chennai: dmk working president m k stalin has written letters to prime minister modi and 10 chief ministers of non-bjp ruled states and union territory asking for a review of the parameters taken into consideration by the 15th finance commission for recommending devolution of funds.
;;0.0;;shekhawat, a favourite of both pm modi and shah, was projected as a replacement for vasundhara raje in the last assembly elections.
;;0.4019;;this week, modi held two rallies  one in jodhpur and another in barmer, a part of which falls under the jodhpur constituency  in support of shekhawat.
;;-0.1027;;addressing the meeting, chaired by prime minister modi , the chief minister explained the sorry economic state of andhra pradesh, which he said is burdened under heavy debts and lacks employment opportunities.
;;-0.6908;;stalin repeatedly faulted eps for failing to meet prime minister modi over the cauvery row.
;;-0.4404;;the statement by an aiadmk minister to show green flag to prime minister modi will bring disgrace to their party and will be a historic mistake.
;;-0.7351;;the politicians had also accused prime minister modi and the ruling bjp of politicising the surgical strikes and the air strikes.
;;0.0;;pm modi visited the isro control centre before the scientists were supposed to attempt to land vikram lander on the moon.
;;0.4019;;narendra modi returned to the isro centre in the morning to address the scientists and boost their morale.
;;0.1779;;while addressing an election rally in haryana a day later on september 8, modi talked about the chandrayaan-2 incident and said how the country exhibited isro spirit by uniting during the 100 seconds at 1.
;;-0.1531;;rahul gandhi, who was congress vice-president then, had hailed pm modi in his first reaction to the surgical strikes of september 29, 2016.
;;0.4404;;he said modi had done his first good work as pm.
;;-0.296;;however, within a week he changed his stance and accused modi of indulging in khoon ki dalali (trading in the blood of soldiers).
;;-0.5859;;rahul gandhi, as the then congress president, was equally critical of modi after the balakot air strikes.
;;0.0;;the air force carried out the bombing it is modi who did it (the air strike).
;;-0.1901;;the congress also started competing with the modi government and said its government had also conducted several surgical strikes but did not make them public.
;;0.0;;he released a video in which he first congratulated modi.
;;-0.7351;;his comments were seen as demanding proofs of the surgical strikes and pakistan used his remarks to mock modi.
;;-0.9349;;while she called the surgical strikes as drama, she demanded modi to specify the number of terrorists killed in balakot air strikes.
;;-0.4215;;however, akhilesh yadav criticised modi and alleged that he was seeking votes in the name of the balakot operation.
;;0.2235;;though the opposition leaders have not accused prime minister modi of politicising the chandrayaan-2 moon mission, it may be too early to predict their next move.
;;-0.296;;all those people who are against development have come together to stop prime minister modi and bjp from coming to power.
;;0.1779;;allahabad: deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya while inaugurating mera pariwar, bhajapa parivar campaign from his house in alkapuri here on tuesday asserted that the chaukidar (prime minister modi modi) is fighting against the groups of chors (thieves) for the overall development (vikas), honor (samman) and self- esteem( swabhiman) of the country.
;;0.0;;maurya also claimed to continue the development process across the country, we would have to bring the modi government back to power in 2019 parliamentary polls.
;;-0.2263;;protesters held placards and raised slogans against prime minister modi and union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan .
;;-0.296;;malaysian billionaire t ananda krishnan +bill to confiscate the assets +nirav modi got back pnb stash via hawala route diamond merchants nirav modi and his uncle mehul choksi, who are accused of defrauding punjab national bank of rs 12,300 crore, brought back most of the money into accounts of their mumbai-based companies through fake transactions, in many cases on the same day, investigations have revealed.
;;-0.8689;;prime minister modi , who swept into office in 2014 on a pledge to weed out graft and black money, is clamping down on delinquent borrowers and corporate cheats as he seeks a second term at national elections next year and to contain political damage from the alleged pnb fraud of the tune of rs 13,000 crore uncovered last month.
;;-0.128;;reddy also said he would raise the demand in the first meeting of the governing council of the niti aayog , to be chaired by prime minister modi , saturday.
;;0.1779;;reddy, just before swearing in as chief minister, had met both modi and shah on the special category status issue.
;;0.1901;;we have to be at somebody's mercy but i will remind him (modi) again and again and someday things will change, reddy had told the media after his first meeting with modi.
;;0.8462;;paris: prime minister modi on friday asserted that the resounding mandate of 2019 lok sabha polls was not just for a government, but for building a 'new india' that focuses on ease of doing business while ensuring ease of living.
;;-0.4939;;addressing indian community at the unesco headquarters here after inaugurating a memorial in honour of the victims of two air india crashes in france in the 1950s and 1960s, prime minister modi said in 'new india' action is being taken against corruption, nepotism, loot of people's money, terrorism.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi said india will be free of tuberculosis in 2025.
;;0.743;;mumbai: in lieu of prime minister modi 's davos visit, market indices sensex and nifty saw positive trade on tuesday morning.
;;0.0;;on a related note, prime minister modi will be delivering the keynote address at the plenary session of the world economic forum at davos later in the day.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday met over 40 bjp mps from other backward classes at his official residence, sources said.
;;0.0;;this was the first of a series of meetings scheduled between modi and bjp mps at 7 lok kalyan marg.
;;0.0;;this is the first set of meetings between modi and the newly-elected mps of the 17th lok sabha during the 16th lok sabha, modi had met bjp mps from various states in every session of parliament, where he had spoken to them about the government's agenda.
;;0.0;;new delhi, nov 8 () prime minister modi will inaugurate the newly constructed multi-modal terminal on river ganga at varanasi monday, the government said.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister modi and us president donald trump (ap file photo)new delhi: prime minister modi and us president donald trump will attempt to break a growing deadlock on trade while taking forward an increasingly deeper strategic relationship when they meet on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka in june end.
;;0.9432;;while pawar evaded comment on media reports suggesting he could be the united candidate, the pitch for consensus may keep his chances alive since it is well known that pawar has good rapport with prime minister modi and has friends in all political parties.
;;0.4019;;the issue is above party politics and if possible modi should start talking with stakeholders in kashmir.
;;0.25;;people want a better alternative and it is a fact that the name projected by the congress is no match to modi , said pawar.
;;-0.1531;;he, however, was hopeful that simmering public anger over unfulfilled promises by the modi government may snowball soon leading to change of rulers.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: in view of prime minister modi modis public meeting, the city traffic police has notified traffic restrictions on monday between 2pm and 10pm in and around lb stadium.
;;0.0;;the 182-metre statue was inaugurated by prime minister modi in october 2018.
;;0.802;;horatti told reporters that he would discuss the farmers concerns with opposition leader in the legislative assembly jagadish shettar and impress upon him the need to hold discussions with party leaders to clarify whether the saffron party can prevail upon prime minister modi to intervene in the mahadayi dispute and resolve it.
;;-0.4767;;he will be sworn in on december 27 in the presence of prime minister modi amid uncertainty within bjp following the defeat of its original cm-candidate prem kumar dhumal , bjps central observers nirmala sitharaman and narender tomar , along with the partys himachal in-charge, mangal pandey , arrived in shimla on sunday morning and met newlyelected mlas, leaders and mps from the state.
;;0.3818;;sources said that the congress had decided to corner the bjp governments at the state and centre on the issues of price rise, law and order and false promises of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;sukhu said that on may 26, modi government would complete four years in power and the congress would organize a foot march against price rise.
;;0.3818;;we will also apprise the people about false promises made by modi to the people of state in the 2014 elections, he said.
;;-0.0772;;addressing back-to-back meetings in vijayawada and kalyandurg in anantapur district on sunday, rahul said prime minister modi betrayed the people of the country by going back on his 2014 election promises, which included deposit of rs 15 lakh in everyones bank accounts, and creation of 2 crore new jobs.
;;0.4767;;stating that modi did not fulfil any of the promises, rahul warned people to be wary of the new promises being made by the bjp and the pm.
;;0.0;;i am not (narendra) modi.
;;0.0;;this (nyay) would correct the divide that modi had brought in.
;;0.128;;modi divided india on the lines of rich and poor.
;;0.3612;;we are working to bridge the gap between the two indias  the rich india and the poor india created by modi.
;;-0.4939;;we will fix the damage done to india by modi.
;;0.5267;;modi is supporting the elite rich against the poor.
;;0.0;;he also took a dig at ysrc chief jaganmohan reddy for his soft corner towards prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;kottayam: coming down heavily on cpm state secretary modi , nss general secretary g sukumaran nair on saturday said that the former was crossing all limits.
;;-0.8025;;madurai: dmk working president m k stalin has accused prime minister modi of trying to implement projects disastrous to tamil nadus environment because he did not like the people of the state opposing hindi and standing up for their rights.
;;0.0;;the indian high commission in colombo said in a press release that after a request was received from lanka, pm modi himself directed provision of necessary assistance.
;;-0.3182;;modi, who has sought to rev up ties with countries in the neighbourhood since taking over as pm, also expressed condolences at the loss of lives and property and said that india stood with her sri lankan brothers and sisters in their hour of need.
;;0.0;;representatives will go to delhi to meet prime minister modi and give a memorandum of their demands, they resoved.
;;-0.7003;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday accused the congress of insulting voters of the country by questioning the massive victory of the bjp in the lok sabha polls.
;;-0.0772;;replying to the debate on the motion of thaks to the president's address in the rajya sabha , modi launched a scathing attack on the congress, saying by questioning the mandate of the people, the opposition party has put voters in the dock.
;;0.128;;pmuy was launched by prime minister modi on may 1, 2016 with an aim to providing lpg connections to those who are still dependent on wood or coal for cooking their food.
;;0.0;;it is for this reason that he is known to be well-connected to prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah.
;;0.5994;;the us president on monday stunned the world by saying that prime minister modi , during the g20 summit in osaka, japan , sought his help in resolving the kashmir issue.
;;-0.6249;;india quickly denied it and said modi made no such request and kashmir is a bilateral issue between india and pakistan.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister s jaishankar has refuted that prime minister modi ever made the request to trump.
;;0.0;;earlier during the event, khanna, who is also the in charge minister for varanasi, gave an account of rs 29,527-crore corpus sanctioned by the centre for over 400 development projects gifted by pm modi to to varanasi  which is his parliamentary constituencyin past four years.
;;0.2263;;lauding the achievements of the modi government, the minister said, as many as 271 projects worth rs 966.
;;0.4019;;he also drew the attention of the ambassadors to assam's business and investment-friendly climate which has received a boost after the declaration of act east policy by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.34;;modi has sent a detailed letter to the director general of bcas reasoning why cisf security services were urgently required at surat airport.
;;0.0;;recently during the assembly elections, prime minister modi arrived at surat airport a couple of times.
;;0.7964;;co/zp7gwlteoi  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561706382000osaka: prime minister modi on friday presented his 5-i vision to maximise digital technology for social benefit in his intervention at the g20 summit on digital economy and artificial intelligence (ai).
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, modi discussed leveraging the power of technology with us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;wang's visit was also aimed at finalising the ground work for president xi jinping 's upcoming visit to india for the second informal summit with prime minister modi the chinese foreign minister is rescheduling his visit to india, said a source.
;;0.0;;in the second informal summit, modi and xi are likely to focus on further broadening india-china ties.
;;0.0;;he further said that the formal announcement is likely to be made when prime minister modi inaugurates the 6km stretch of the metro from vastral gam to apparel park.
;;0.0;;modi is likely to inaugurate the services in the second week of march.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 11, 2018prime minister modi (pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: pm modi on monday asked bjp and its allies to make use of the last full session before lok sabha polls next year, saying their focus should be on making it beneficial for the government, country and people.
;;0.6369;;earlier in the morning, rupani, in a tweet, said prime minister modi spoke to him over phone and assured help from the centre.
;;0.9325;;new delhi: at a time when pakistan is virtually begging for support from the muslim world against india for kashmir, it faces a huge rebuff from the united arab emirates (uae), with the key islamic nation set to host prime minister modi and honour him with the countrys highest civilian award.
;;0.4437;;this comes days after uae's ambassador to india, ahmad al banna, said his country found nothing wrong in the modi government's decision to reorganize jammu and kashmir and that it was purely an internal matter of india.
;;0.4767;;against this backdrop, modi will be in uae for two days from friday and will meet crown prince of abu dhabi , sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan , to discuss bilateral, regional and international matters of mutual interest.
;;0.8316;;the uae had announced the honour for modi in april this year for giving a boost to the bilateral relations.
;;0.7964;;the award is instituted in the name of the country's founding father sheikh zayed bin sultan al nahyan and is being presented to modi in the year of his birth centenary, which adds even greater significance to it.
;;0.7845;;this is the third visit by modi to uae in four years and has added importance considering the fact that it is taking place at a time when pakistan is trying to garner support, particularly from the muslim countries, against india over abolition of the special status of jammu and kashmir and bifurcation of the state.
;;0.0;;in february 2018, modi visited the uae as chief guest at the world government summit.
;;-0.2732;;chidambaram has been an outspoken critic of prime minister modi modi's government.
;;0.4939;;this is clearly a fishing expedition launched by the modi government against chidambaram, vadakkan told reuters.
;;0.34;;we think prime minister modi should intervene and assure the nation that these provisions would not be diluted.
;;-0.9161;;file photohouston: the stage is all set for the mega  howdy modi  event in which president donald trump will join prime minister modi where they will address over 50,000 indian-americans, but the torrential rains triggered by a tropical storm have wreaked havoc in houston, killing 2 persons.
;;0.4199;;president trump, along with a number of high-ranking us government officials - including governors, members of congress and mayors - will join prime minister modi to attend the howdy modi!
;;0.0;;'' we would modi to know all of this, organisers said.
;;0.8885;;modi's last visit to washington and meeting with trump led to a multibillion-dollar deal by india to buy us crude oil, which was multi billion dollar deal by india to buy us liquefied natural gas, a lot of which will ship from our region and we are positive modi's visit to the home of the energy hub, nasa will lead to a new series of bilateral opportunities between our region which iaccgh is here to help facilitate and support, ahluwalia added.
;;0.2023;;before prime minister modi will deliver the community address, he is scheduled to have a round table meeting with various energy-related top business leaders.
;;0.5719;;jugal malani, chairperson of the texas india forum, said our community loves prime minister modi and the multi-million-dollar event is fully funded through resources raised within the community.
;;0.0516;;meanwhile, the houston chronicle reported that the us-based relatives of two kashmiris have sued prime minister modi in a federal court on thursday ahead of his visit in houston, alleging that his unilateral action to revoke the special status of jammu and kashmir on august 5 has led to the detention of many persons.
;;-0.25;;shah faced opposition from tdp workers in srikakulam, who staged a protest at kasibugga area and raised slogans against pm modi and shah.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi: it needed prime minister modi modis high-voltage campaign, including showy bits like a sea-plane ride and an all-out assault on rival congresss patriotic credentials in the closing stages, to pull bjp past the finish line in a tricky election.
;;0.34;;the emotional content came at the end when the bjps top two  pm modi and shah  pounced on the neech remark of congress leader mani shankar aiyar.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: pm modi recalled memories of sardar vallabhbhai patel, once a president of ahmedabad municipality, while dedicating the sardar vallabhbhai patel institute of medical science & research on thursday afternoon on sabarmati riverfront.
;;0.4404;;this super-specialty hospital would provide better medical facilities for the people of gujarat, it would become a model for government hospitals in the country, said modi.
;;0.4939;;talking about health initiatives of his government, modi mentioned that under ayushman pradhan mantri jan arogya yojna, also known as modi care, about 7 lakh persons had received treatment in the initial 100 days.
;;-0.1779;;while chief minister jai ram thakur had attacked the congress on monday, saying the party is worried as the name of its top leadership has surfaced in the case, state congress president sukhvinder singh sukhu hit back at the bjp on tuesday, alleging that it was prime minister modi who is involved in the deal.
;;0.5859;;new delhi: days after seeking to address concerns related to angel tax, prime minister modi on friday said policy-makers should look at start-ups and the new economy with a fresh eye and advised greater sensitivity.
;;-0.6486;;the accused, yogi surajnath, who describes himself as a 'bhakt' (devotee) of prime minister modi on social media, was arrested from his residence in binodpur locality.
;;0.0;;speaking about the reason for the consideration of mission bhagiratha theme, sources said that prime minister modi inaugurated it in august 2016.
;;0.296;;santiniketan: prime minister modi and his bangladeshi counterpart shiekh hasina wazed and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee will share the dais during the inauguration of bangladesh bhawan at visva-bharati university in santiniketan on may 25.
;;0.0;;modi became visva bharati chancellor two years ago after his predecessor manmohan singh stepped down as chancellor of the university in 2016.
;;0.4019;;the delegation had expressed their desire to have pm modi at the inauguration, a v-b official said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and all union ministers will attend events that will be held across the country, sources said.
;;0.5423;;after the result, prime minister modi tweeted that the people of gujarat have showered blessings on bjp candidates in the elections to junagadh municipal corporation and other district and taluka panchayat elections.
;;0.4939;;the festival will be inaugurated by deputy chief minister modi at the kilkari bihar bal bhawan on february 21.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has appealed for self-restrain on use of single-use plastics.
;;0.0;;jaishankar arrived here on tuesday on a two-day visit to russia during which he will hold talks with his russian counterpart sergey lavrov and finalise the preparations for prime minister modi 's forthcoming visit to the country.
;;0.0;;his visit comes days ahead of the eastern economic forum in vladivostok from september 4 to 6 where prime minister modi will be the chief guest.
;;0.765;;in his address to maldivian parliament in june, prime minister modi underscored india's firm commitment to make the strategic indo-pacific an area for shared economic growth, saying it has been our lifeline, and also the highway for trade and prosperity.
;;0.2732;;modi underlined that at the shangri-la dialogue forum in singapore last june, he had stressed on working together to create openness, integration and balance in the indo-pacific region.
;;0.4404;;we have been a disciplined partner in the alliance and supporting prime minister modi 's government at every step.
;;0.8658;;davos: going beyond ease of doing business, prime minister modi has said that the government is focusing on improving the ease of living for the common man, in what is seen as the latest slogan for better governance.
;;0.3612;;modi made the reference to ease of living during an interaction with over five dozen chief executives over dinner on monday night, which was attended by 42 global chiefs, including those from abb, ibm , pepsico and microsoft .
;;0.6908;;since coming to power three-and-a-half years ago, modi has sought to ease several rules such as getting documents attested by government officials and relaxing norms for issuing passports.
;;0.0;;modi responded by saying that this was only the beginning, said an official.
;;0.3818;;: prime minister modi laid the foundation stone for entrepreneurship, innovation and career hub at cusat through video conferencing on sunday.
;;0.2732;;bhosale said he agreed with the policies pursued by prime minister modi and will work for maharashtra.
;;0.7351;;thanks to prime minister modi modis visit to kevadiya on tuesday morning, the city police remained busy with bandobast duties due to which commuters, who were not following traffic rules had a free ride.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee tuesday excused herself from the scheduled meeting of prime minister modi with political party chiefs here on wednesday, while asking the government to prepare a white paper on 'one nation, one election' instead of doing it hurriedly.
;;0.4019;;modi has invited heads of all parties who have an mp either in lok sabha or rajya sabha for a meeting on june 19 to discuss several issues including the one nation, one election idea, celebration of the 75 years of independence in 2022 and 150 years of mahatma gandhi's birth anniversary this year.
;;0.685;;bhopal: taking a belated plunge into the #fitness challenge bandwagon, congress veteran digvjjaya singh on sunday dared prime minister modi and his ministerial colleagues to undertake a 3000-kilometre long narmada parikrama if they were so keen to drive home the fitness message among indians.
;;0.2732;;the immediate provocation for the two-time chief minister of madhya pradesh to counter prime minister modi , however, appears to be an elaborate video of state sports minister yashodhara raje on her daily fitness regimen that was posted on friday.
;;0.2732;;kohli, who posted his video doing planks  complete with knee bends  which he called his favourite core workout, invited his wife and bollywood star anushka sharma, pm modi and his former captain mahendra singh dhoni to post videos from their fitness regimen.
;;0.4003;;after prime minister modi responded to kohlis tweet with challenge accepted, virat!
;;-0.5267;;but backlash has been swift and retaliatory vandalism by opposition supporters has also begun, prompting prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah to condemn all such acts of destruction.
;;-0.8225;;not only has pm modi stepped in to condemn the wanton destruction, the centre too today issued an advisory to states to take steps to prevent more such incidents, and to arrest those indulging in such acts.
;;0.4215;;if true, pm modi has betra https://t.
;;-0.296;;co/zxakhm1ygg  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1563866825000new delhi: putting out a categorical denial of us president donald trumps claim that he had been requested by prime minister modi to mediate with pakistan on kashmir issue, external affairs minister s jaishankar on tuesday told the rajya sabha that the pm had made no such request.
;;-0.296;;earlier, soon after the house reassembled and the chairman allowed the matter to be raised, congress leader anand sharma said the country was shocked to hear from the us president that pm modi had requested him in osaka to mediate with pakistan on kashmir.
;;0.0;;as part of rsss objective to fully back prime minister modi modis re-election in the lok sabha elections, a less intensive ghar-ghar modi drive started earlier this month focussing essentially on the ram temple issue .
;;0.4939;;sangh parivar activists would now try to convince every family they call on about the need to have modi back as pm to helm a stable government.
;;0.34;;a booklet on the talking points to highlight achievements of the modi government in the last five years and comparisons with over 50 years of the congress rule has also been distributed to the parivar activists.
;;0.6124;;if needed, they will be meeting them repeatedly till they convince them how the country would benefit from modi getting re-elected, sangh sources said.
;;0.25;;the cm, who was called dalit dev by the organiser, up scheduled castes finance and development corporation chairman lalji prasad nirmal, spoke about ambedkars contribution to indias democracy and said that under prime minister modi modis leadership bjp was taking forward the vision of the dalit icon.
;;-0.0516;;on monday, jethmalani had dragged in the name of prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;trichy: dmk working president and opposition leader m k stalin has appealed to the general public to hoist a black flag atop their house and wear black shirts during prime minister modi 's visit to chennai on april 12.
;;-0.25;;this story is from december 16, 2018a poster by a farmers groupdownload the times of india news app for latest citylucknow: accusing bjp government of depriving them of their right to hold peaceful protest, rae bareli congress workers took to social media on the eve of prime minister modi modis visit to the nehru-gandhi stronghold.
;;0.0;;when nothing worked, modi on friday made a full speech only on modi modi!
;;0.0;;modi is from here but our children have to go elsewhere for work and business, ganpatbhai said.
;;-0.3612;;new delhi: the left-affiliated centre of indian trade unions (citu) will begin its two-day nationwide general strike on tuesday to protest against anti-labour, anti-people and anti-national policies of the modi government.
;;-0.34;;aiks said prime minister modi had betrayed all promises he had made to farmers made before the 2014 elections.
;;-0.7717;;this story is from november 22, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citytrichy: mdmk chief vaiko accused prime minister modi of neglecting tamil nadu on all fronts while referring to the devastation caused by cyclone gaja.
;;0.3595;;washington: senior democratic congressman steny hoyer would join prime minister modi and president donald trump for the howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and president trump would be addressing howdy, modi!
;;0.7351;;house speaker nancy pelosi , who is a friend of prime minister modi , too, had shown interest in attending the rally.
;;0.0;;more than 50,000 indian-americans have registered for the howdy, modi!
;;0.296;;the white house on sunday announced that president donald trump would join prime minister modi at the houston rally.
;;0.7783;;mahajan said india's integrity is safe under the leadership of prime minister modi we all need to strengthen the hands of the prime minister by joining with maximum numbers.
;;0.4767;;yogi said that the victory in successive elections across the country have proved that the economic reforms initiated by prime minister modi have been endorsed.
;;-0.4767;;this story is from october 26, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citytrichy: karur town police on thursday arrested an activist for staging a show called modi leela against prime minister modi , burning his ten-headed effigy and spreading the video through social media.
;;0.3612;;the video which was shot in a location in pasupathipalayam in karur featured the two people speaking against pm modi and his governance particularly about the anti-people projects like hydrocarbon, green corridor etc in tamil nadu.
;;0.0;;the video also showed an effigy with ten heads of modi each with a tag line against him.
;;0.25;;uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath (file photo)ambedkarnagar (up): uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on saturday exhorted citizens to contribute towards realising prime minister modi 's dream of a 'new india' and 'shreshtha bharat' (superior india).
;;0.5859;;every citizen will have to contribute towards making prime minister modi modi's dream of a new india and shreshtha bharat come true, he said at a function in ambedkarnagar.
;;0.4019;;lauding the prime minister for abrogating the provisions of article 370 of the constitution, which gave special status to jammu and kashmir, adityanath said modi has given a befitting reply to the separatists.
;;0.4215;;the issue was pending since last 70 years and could be resolved only because of the resolute stand taken by modi , he said.
;;0.4019;;on the banning of 'instant triple talaq ', the chief minister said that modi had ensured respect and dignity to women who had been suffering for centuries because of archaic practices.
;;0.0;;the use of the mini-cooper car owned by faisal by cpm state secretary modi in the jana jagratha yathra during a reception accorded at koduvally in october had sparked off a controversy.
;;-0.9831;;they also severely criticised prime minister modi and up chief minister yogi adityanath stating that both being bachelors, fail to understand the anguish of the fathers of the rape victims and questioned the delay in arresting the up bjp mla kuldeep singh sengar , the main accused in the unnao rape case.
;;0.4939;;the national conference chief, who was recently called to new delhi by prime minister modi for a discussion on kashmir, said modi wanted a peaceful end to the situation in the state, reeling under unrest for months.
;;0.4019;;puducherry: after june, the congress party will have only puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy to showcase as a congress cm in the country, said prime minister modi on sunday.
;;0.4767;;modi sought the intellectuals in the country to analyse the reasons for the lack of progress in the country and asked them to compare 48 years of rule directly or indirectly by one family with the 48-month rule of the present bjp government at the centre.
;;0.0;;dibrugarh: ahead of prime minister modi 's scheduled inauguration of the dhola-sadiya bridge on may 26, chief minister sarbandanda sonowal visited the project site at tinsukia on monday and took stock of the preparations.
;;0.0;;pm modi will dedicate the dhola-sadiya bridge to the nation on may 26.
;;0.802;;the cvc's 300-page report to the supreme court, on the basis of which a high-powered committee led by prime minister modi removed verma as cbi chief, has intercepts of conversations between the parties where dubai-based persons discuss having spoken to no 1 to get sana relief in the qureshi case.
;;0.4404;;guwahati: after prime minister modi announced the centre's decision to name the dhola-sadiya bridge after bhupen hazarika, chief minister sarbananda sonowal on sunday announced his government's decision to set up a centre for showcasing art and culture of the northeast, which the legendary bard had popularized through his music, near the bridge.
;;0.34;;sonowal stated that dedication of the bridge connecting dhola with sadiaghat on may 26 by prime minister modi to the nation and naming the same after bhupen hazarika was a moment of pride for the people of assam.
;;-0.1531;;as the gram swaraj abhiyan , launched by prime minister modi , drew to a close saturday, the targets under saubhagya scheme to provide electricity supply to households and ujjawala yojana for lpg connections showed a low yield.
;;-0.128;;prime minister modi has set a target of cutting the country's oil import bill by 10 per cent to 67 per cent by 2022 and to half by 2030.
;;0.1027;;building on prime minister modi modis visit to russia, both countries have adopted a roadmap for defence cooperation which was inked in 2017.
;;0.4215;;if true, pm modi has betra https://t.
;;0.2732;;co/zxakhm1ygg  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1563866825000new delhi: donald trump's stunning claim that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue triggered a massive political row on tuesday even as the government asserted that no such request was made to the us president and all issues will have to be resolved with islamabad bilaterally.
;;-0.128;;as the opposition ramped up the attack on the government, external affairs minister s jaishankar said in the rajya sabha that modi had never made any such request to trump and stressed that all outstanding issues with pakistan can be discussed only bilaterally.
;;0.4588;;if true, pm modi has betrayed india's interests & 1972 shimla agreement, the congress leader said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;i was with prime minister modi two weeks ago and we talked about this subject (kashmir).
;;0.0;;yet in ai, through his old boys club, (he) has continued to serve in the same office, she said in her letter to prabhu, which was also marked to prime minister modi , and sought a meeting with the minister.
;;0.3612;;minister dharmendra pradhan and cm yogi at city gas distribution programme on mondaycentre uses ujjawala to reach out to mbcsthe announcement comes a fortnight after prime minister modi announced the setting up of a commission to examine the possibility of giving reservation within quota to mbcs.
;;0.0;;kodnani was present at the re-launch of an ngo, global indians for bhartiya vikas (gibv) on friday, which is chaired by soma modi , the elder brother of prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;gibv, according to soma modi , will have 5,000 nri volunteers coming from the uk, us, europe and australia.
;;-0.1531;;palaniswami had urged prime minister modi on june 24 to deny permission to karnatakas proposal, amid reports of karnataka reaching out the ministry for clearance.
;;0.4927;;read morenew delhi: in his tribute to the late bjp stalwart arun jaitley , prime minister modi on tuesday touched on his close relations with the media, saying journalists were very fond of him as he could give them in 8-10 minutes what they would have otherwise take many hours to find out.
;;0.6249;;bs yediyurappa met prime minister modi and other leaders in new delhi on tuesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citybengaluru: the wait for senior bjp legislators to get ministerial berths is getting longer as chief minister bs yediyurappa couldnt meet bjp national president amit shah on tuesday and get his nod for cabinet expansion yediyurappa hopes to meet shah on wednesday and may expand the cabinet on friday.
;;0.0;;yediyurappa met prime minister modi and sought an early nod for the proposed rs 5,912-crore reservoir in mekedatu on the cauvery river.
;;0.7845;;co/fwyhss0jqe  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1566657081000manama: india and bahrain on saturday agreed to collaborate in the areas of space technology, solar energy and culture exchange as prime minister modi held comprehensive talks with his bahraini counterpart prince khalifa bin salman al khalifa to give a major boost to the entire spectrum of bilateral relations.
;;0.0;;modi, the first indian prime minister to visit bahrain, and prince khalifa witnessed the exchange of mous in the areas of culture, space, collaboration with international solar alliance (isa).
;;0.7003;;the isa, launched in 2015 by prime minister modi and then french president francois hollande at the un climate change conference in paris, is a major global initiative for contributing to the implementation of the paris climate agreement through rapid and massive deployment of solar energy.
;;0.25;;our talks were comprehensive and included a wide range of subjects concerning india-bahrain relations, prime minister modi tweeted after the talks.
;;0.0;;modi, who is on the third leg of his three-nation tour to france, uae and bahrain, will also hold talks with king hamad bin isa al khalifa .
;;-0.836;;ahmedabad: suspended ips officer sanjiv bhatt on thursday told the nanavati commission that he was willing to depose with regard to the alleged role of gujarat chief minister modi in undermining a petition filed by social activist mallika sarabhai after the 2002 riots.
;;-0.6369;;bhatt said this when he was called by the two-member judicial panel, probing the post-godhra riots, during hearing on an application of sarabhai demanding bhatt's cross-examination with regard to alleged role of modi in sabotaging court proceedings.
;;0.6249;;during his questioning on may 23 by central relief committee advocate b m mangukia before the commission, bhatt alleged modi had tried to undermine the proceeding in the petition filed in the supreme court.
;;-0.2023;;the commission reserved order on sarabhai's plea for cross-examination of bhatt with regard to role of modi and his colleagues in allegedly bribing her lawyer to stall proceedings on her petition.
;;-0.3612;;tirupur: the city police on thursday arrested a 23-year-old man for sharing a morphed picture on his facebook page that demeaned prime minister modi the accused has been identified as m prabhakaran of valayamadevi near athoor in salem district.
;;0.8126;;a senior police officer said, prabhakaran has shared a half-naked morphed picture of pm modi on his facebook page and invited his fb friends to comment on it by posting oru nalla title sollunga (give a good title for the picture).
;;0.0;;the picture seemed to have targeted modi in the cauvery issue.
;;0.5984;;on facebook, added the rashtrapati bhawan official, the president is the second most popular indian in the top ten list, after prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.802;;this story is from november 9, 2018targeted urban maoistsnew delhi: addressing an election rally in chhattisgarh's jagdalpur, prime minister modi on fridayand accused them of exploiting the poor adivasis.
;;-0.6908;;they were plotting to kill modi , shah had said, speaking at a bjp workers' gathering at rewa in poll-bound madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;also, nirav modi , vijay mallya, modi and mehul choksi ran away from the country with your money, rahul said.
;;0.6369;;(pti)houston: the howdy, modi diaspora rally here addressed by prime minister modi and us president donald trump was a tremendous display of bigger ideas and visionary leadership to further accelerate the indo-us strategic partnership, a top american diplomat has said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and us president trump on sunday addressed the mega howdy, modi event here with over 50,000 indian-americans present at the nrg stadium.
;;0.6597;;howdy, modi was a tremendous display of big crowds, bigger ideas, and visionary leadership, wells said in a tweet.
;;0.6124;;several other top american lawmakers also praised modi for his howdy, modi address.
;;0.0;;what a crowd at the howdy, modi event!
;;0.7479;;thanks to prime minister modi for coming to houston along with president trump for the howdy, modi extravaganza, with a crowd of more than 50,000 enthusiastic fans in attendance, john cornyn, senator from texas, said.
;;0.1075;;couldn't be more honoured to welcome modi to houston, he said.
;;0.4939;;ahmedabad/new delhi: prime minister modi will host his friend' -- israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu and wife sara  in his home state gujarat on wednesday.
;;0.0;;the israeli pm will be the third international leader to be hosted in ahmedabad in a span of over three years ever since modi became pm in may 2014.
;;0.0;;modi hosted chinese president xi jinping on his birthday on september 17, 2014, followed by japanese premier shinzo abe on september 13 last year.
;;0.8442;;netanyahu hailed india as israel's natural friend and partner, drawing a wide smile from modi , who was in the audience.
;;0.6808;;netanyahu will present modi a special gift - the gal-mobile water desalinisation and purification jeep the two leaders rode on israel's olga beach last year.
;;0.0;;dillon said prime minister modi may also attend the concluding function on january 13 and launch the rs 350 commemorative coin to mark the birth anniversary of the last sikh guru.
;;0.1882;;tharoor made the remark weeks after facing wrath of his party's state unit for endorsing party colleague jairam ramesh's warning last month that demonising prime minister modi all the time and not recognising his work will not help the party.
;;-0.128;;he said bollywood actor-turned-politician shatrughan sinha had spoken against prime minister modi and the party in previous dispensation of the bjp but voted as instructed on every bill tabled in parliament as a negative vote could have attracted disqualification.
;;0.5882;;new delhi: prime minister modi remains indias most popular leader with no competition in sight, according to a mega online survey by the times group despite the note ban, gst and a no-holds-barred poll campaign in gujarat, more than three quarters of respondents, in the survey conducted in nine languages across 10 times group media properties, said they will vote for him if lok sabha polls were held today.
;;0.0;;according to the survey, only 20  said they would vote for congress president-elect rahul gandhi in a head-to-head contest with modi today.
;;0.032;;while rahul may or may not be winning the personality contest, the larger-than-life figure of modi appears to be key for those who are in favour of bjp.
;;0.4767;;this means that while bjp has retained its core constituency (48  said they would vote for the party even if he was not the leader), pm modi remains its premium brand and adds a sizeable number to its vote base.
;;-0.4588;;b'two filmmakers from mumbai have been asked by the censor board chairperson pahlaj nihalani to get a no-objection certificate from none other than prime minister modi to get their documentary on delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal released in india.
;;-0.4588;;ranka and shukla told mumbai mirror that the censor board asked them to delete all references to the bjp and the congress from their documentary, and also submit nocs from modi , former delhi chief minister sheila dixit, and kejriwal, among others.
;;0.0772;;if any of the concerned parties, including mr modi , mr kejriwal or ms dixit have a problem, they can challenge us in court.
;;0.0;;in this case, as they have referred to mr modi , mr kejriwal, and ms sheila dixit among others, they should get nocs from them.
;;0.5994;;prime minister modi , in his address to the nation on august 8, urged the companies to invest in the jammu & kashmir and ladakh region to increase employment opportunities for local people there.
;;0.0;;he is a key member of the prime minister modi modi's cabinet and presented his fifth and the present nda government's final full budget on february 1.
;;0.0;;the unit set up at midcs nandgaon peth industrial estate here, is also the first industry in the state to start operations after a mou was signed at prime minister modi modis make-in-india event, last year.
;;0.0;;he said, prime minister modi modis idea is to have industries to process agriculture produce.
;;0.0;;co/0lfegtkkfb  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1525317561000new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi today gave an 'f' grade report card to the modi government on the subject of agriculture in poll-bound karnataka.
;;0.0772;;rahul gandhi meets students during his visit to flood-affected areas at vazhikkadavunew delhi: congress leader rahul gandhi on friday criticised prime minister modi for not visiting flood-hit areas in kerala and said the state was awaiting a relief package.
;;-0.5719;;dear mr modi , after your visit to guruvayur - a huge flood visited kerala, causing death and destruction.
;;-0.811;;cheema blames centre for lack of assistancechandigarh: sultanpur lodhi mla navtej singh cheema has rued the fact that the centre has not promised any special financial assistance for the 550th birth anniversary celebration programmes despite chief minister captain amarinder singh writing to prime minister modi in that regard.
;;-0.296;;evidently, bjp's tweet was in retaliation to rahul gandhi's suit boot jibe at prime minister modi , who worn a monogrammed suit during a meeting with us president barack obama in 2015.
;;0.0;;the ministers statements are in line with prime minister modi modis make in india initiative.
;;-0.3182;;the bjp is aggressively making the most of its elite arsenal: prime minister modi , national chief amit shah, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and others, who have been addressing conventions across the state.
;;-0.7003;;new delhi: amid growing public outrage over the kathua and unnao incidents, a collective of retired civil servants has written to prime minister modi calling the current situation a moment of existential crisis in which the governments response would determine whether the nation could overcome the crisis of constitutional values, of governance and the ethical order.
;;0.0;;the signatories included former coal secretary chandrashekhar modi , former police chiefs meera borwankar and julio rebeiro, former foreign secretary nareshwar dayal, former indian ambassador to italy k p fabian and former health secretary sujatha rao.
;;-0.6486;;the retired civil servants, who addressed the letter as citizens with no affiliations , also blamed modi.
;;0.4767;;the event, organised at a government school in new friends colony, came a day before prime minister modi modis address to students across the country over pariksha pe charcha 2.
;;0.0;;he said he will vote for modi.
;;-0.5423;;the chief minister of delhi has tweeted that the modi government stopped them from building schools and after a fight (with the centre) of four years the work to construct 11,000 rooms could begin.
;;0.0;;kejriwal should tell the delhiiites when did he seek permission from the modi government to construct classrooms and what reply he got (sic), tiwari said.
;;0.1779;;the lingayat strongman is known to have espoused the cause of farmers, something which was repeately referred to by prime minister modi in his election speeches.
;;0.4404;;it's better if the centre includes stamp duty under gst or provides some subsidy on stamp duty for land and plot purchase under prime minister modi 's housing for all by 2022 scheme,'' he added.
;;0.4939;;she further praised the efforts of prime minister modi for making june 21 as the international yoga day.
;;-0.4404;;kcr has been vocal in his criticism of prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;pm modi met with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan on the margins of the two-day g20 summit.
;;0.5719;;co/hrz5pdtbsh  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1561779753000osaka: prime minister modi on saturday met with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan and held talks on a host of key issues including trade and investment, defence and counter-terrorism the two leaders, who are in osaka, japan, met in the morning on the margins of the two-day g20 summit and talked about the strong development partnership between india and turkey.
;;0.4019;;earlier on saturday, prime minister modi met the presidents of indonesia and brazil separately on the sidelines of the g-20 summit and discussed ways to boost bilateral ties and enhance cooperation in trade and investment.
;;0.4588;;a review meeting was held with metro rail authorities on tuesday on improvement of feeder services and last mile connectivity for the 30km metro rail stretch between nagole and miyapur, which was inaugurated about two months ago by prime minister modi .
;;-0.6124;;thiruvananthapuram: prime minister modi made a quick visit to poonthura on tuesday, one of the worst-affected fishing hamlets along keralas southern coast from cyclone ockhi, where he met families of dead and missing fishermen and promised all possible help from the centre to help them tide over the tragedy.
;;0.6369;;union tourism minister kj alphons and prime minister modi during a visit to poonthura in kerala to meet cyclone ockhi victims on tuesdayaccording to an official communication from the state government, the pm agreed to take immediate steps to improve the scientific and communication facilities to predict ochkilike natural calamities.
;;-0.6939;;london: prime minister modi refused to sign a memorandum of understanding (mou) with britain agreeing to facilitate the return of thousands of illegal indian immigrants because the uk is not offering indians easier access to its visas, it has been revealed.
;;0.12;;sources at the indian high commission in london told toi that the bilateral agreement on the return of illegal indians, which junior home minister kiren rijiju had pencilled in january, was not signed in april when modi visited london because india did not see any progress on the british side of the agreement.
;;0.0258;;british prime minister theresa may had told modi in india in november 2017 that the uk would consider further improvements to its visa offer if, at the same time, we can step up the speed and volume of returns of indians with no right to remain in the uk.
;;0.6249;;prime minister modi has exhorted bjp workers to ensure the party wins 150 of the 182 seats in the state.
;;-0.7003;;new delhi: all political programmes of bjp leaders, including prime minister modi and party president amit shah , scheduled for friday have been cancelled following the terror attack on crpf personnel in kashmir.
;;0.2023;;top bjp leaders, including modi and shah, have been holding rallies and other political programmes in the run up to the lok sabha polls.
;;-0.7964;;this story is from november 8, 2018new delhi: on the second anniversary of demonetisation , the congress on thursday alleged it was the biggest scam of independent india that must be probed and asserted that the people will punish prime minister modi for his wreckless decision.
;;-0.1779;;congress's spokesperson anand sharma, at a press conference, also alleged that demonetisation was a big money laundering project, npas have increased sharply, the banking system was struggling, and now the modi government was bent on snatching the contingency reserves of the reserve bank of india (rbi).
;;-0.4166;;time has come for prime minister modi to take responsibility for this destruction and apologise .
;;-0.5267;;he said prime minister modi gave four reasons for demonetisation - targeting black money, corruption, terror financing and counterfeit currency.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi in 2015 had set a target of reducing india's oil dependence by 10 per cent to 67 per cent by 2022 (from 77 per cent in 2014-15).
;;0.0;;gurugram: the 83km kundli-manesar stretch of the kmp expressway will be inaugurated on november 10 by prime minister modi through a remote control from his office in delhi.
;;0.5106;;samajwadi party will be challenging prime minister modi and home minister rajnath singh in the key constituencies of varanasi and lucknow.
;;-0.3818;;palakkad: cpi state secretary kanam rajendran said left and other democratic and secular forces must stand together and fight against bjp, rss and the nda government led by prime minister modi at the centre.
;;0.0;;saamna flayed prime minister modi for going on a tour of japan when the reputation of the cbi, rbi and the ed 'is in tatters.
;;0.0;;the shiv sena mouthpiece recalled that as gujarat cm modi had appointed asthana as head of the investigating agency in the godhra case.
;;0.6808;;new delhi: the congress on thursday said the truth in the 2g spectrum allocation case had finally prevailed and prime minister modi should apologise to the nation for its propaganda against the party.
;;-0.6249;;picture used for representational purpose onlychennai: as officials from the cbi and enforcement directorate landed at former union finance minister p chidambarams residence in new delhi on tuesday, congress leaders in chennai hit out at prime minister modi and the bjp accusing them of threatening democracy in the country.
;;-0.6808;;but modi is threatening democracy.
;;0.0;;the indian government, however, dismissed president trump's astonishing claim that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate.
;;0.0;;trump claimed that modi and he discussed the issue of kashmir in osaka, japan on the sidelines of the g-20 summit in june, where the indian prime minister made an offer of a third-party arbitration on kashmir.
;;0.4215;;in parliament, eam jaishankar had said that all outstanding issues between india and pakistan can be discussed only bilaterally and prime minister modi made no request to president trump to mediate on the kashmir issue with pakistan.
;;-0.8074;;new delhi/kolkata: prime minister modi launched a scathing attack on tuesday at the mamata banerjee government describing mondays blood-soaked panchayat polls as murder of democracy.
;;0.4019;;ties with taiwan have, however, received a boost with prime minister modi modis act east policy and the new southbound policy initiative of taiwans president tsai ing-wen.
;;0.128;;it was the first major fdi proposal after modi launched his make in india scheme.
;;0.128;;the western railway drive was a part of swachhata he sewa campaign launched by prime minister modi last year to mark mahatma gandhis 150th birth anniversary.
;;0.6908;;jhunjhunu: thanks to their daughters, about 200 women from jhunjhunu district got an opportunity to interact with prime minister modi on thursday.
;;0.34;;these women, all under 30 years, had opted for family planning after giving birth to one girl or two, and were selected to meet modi for the pan-india launch of the beti bachao beti padhao (bbbp) programme.
;;0.3818;;she expressed hope that prime minister modi would take serious note of the j&k leaders remark.
;;-0.8316;;he was arrested recently after his recorded telephonic conversation with a truck contractor, in which he spoke about planning to kill prime minister modi , was widely circulated on social media.
;;-0.6908;;in the eight-minute telephonic conversation, rafiq is heard saying, we have decided to kill prime minister modi.
;;0.3612;;modi assured sonowal of all assistance from the central government in dealing with the situation, an official said.
;;0.0;;it is the home state of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4019;;the family has now appealed to prime minister modi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj to intervene and help bring nayaz home.
;;0.0;;modi was speaking at the bjp headquarters in delhi following the partys resounding victory in tripura, meghalaya and nagaland elections.
;;0.1511;;countering modi , amarinder said, i dont remember complaining to him against the congress leadership.
;;0.6597;;the three class ix students never imagined that tinkering in the atal tinkering lab (atl) after class would fetch them an opportunity of a lifetime to discuss their innovation with prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;a day after interacting with modi via video conferencing, the three boys and girl sat with toi to describe their thoughts.
;;0.8074;;so when modi picked the four goan students to praise them for their innovation, those endless hours proved to be time well spent.
;;0.4939;;high school principal vilas satarkar was present when the students interacted with the prime minister and he says that modi indirectly hinted that parents should allow their children to innovate and come up with ideas that solve community problems.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 3, 2019file photo of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will inaugurate the 106th edition of indian science congress at a private university in jalandhar on thursday followed by a discussion with three nobel laureates.
;;0.0;;after this, modi will head for punjab's gurdaspur town to address a rally as part of the bjp's campaign to hold 100 rallies ahead of the lok sabha elections.
;;0.4588;;the memorial built at a cost of rs86 crore was dedicated to the nation by prime minister modi on january 30.
;;0.1779;;kohima: senior bjp leader sanjay paswan tuesday claimed that the vexed naga political issue will be resolved on priority basis under the leadership of prime minister modi after the lok sabha polls responding to queries from media persons during a press conference here, the bjp manifesto committee member and former union minister, said  naga issue though not simple will be sorted out in the second regime of the bjp led nda government.
;;0.8271;;on the assurance of prime minister modi to resolve the naga issue, paswan said nobody can blame our prime minister for any such lapses because he is trying honestly and sincerely and it will be sorted out in the next regime of modi ji.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, maoists erected banners and posters across several places in the district, condemning the incumbent nda government under prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6734;;prime minister modi on saturday asked isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn and better tomorrow.
;;0.0;;this would be the first meeting on trade issues after the meeting of prime minister modi with the us president in japan on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka in june.
;;0.8271;;a similar report on the ilrs was shared with the cabinet, chaired by the prime minister modi , last wednesday when special committee on these projects claimed to have made substantial progress in three priority links  ken-betwa; damanganga-pinjal link (gujarat and maharashtra) and para-tapi-narmada (gujarat and maharashtra).
;;0.4019;;claiming that bjps downfall has already begun  he claimed it is evident in the behaviour of prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah  he said: for the first time after 2014, the anti-bjp voice is getting louder and anti-bjp parties are coming together.
;;0.2023;;modi could lose varanasiforget the bjp winning the 2019 polls, modi might even lose his varanasi seat under a united opposition, rahul claimed, adding this could happen if the congress, sp and bsp came together.
;;-0.3612;;the basic thing is how to get the country out of the mess that modi and rss has put it in.
;;0.6808;;sharing his experience on gujarat, he said those raising modi , modi slogans were nice to him when he met them and claimed they were paid for their sloganeering.
;;0.5423;;hubballi/bengaluru: hours before prime minister modi could land in hubballi on sunday to launch the bjps lok sabha campaign in the state, state bjp president bs yeddyurappa dropped a bombshell by admitting that the voice in an audio clip released by chief minister hd kumaraswamy of him trying to buy the loyalty of a jd(s) mla, was indeed his.
;;0.0;;kpcc president dinesh gundu rao said, yeddyurappa's confession has exposed not just the bjp state president but also national leaders including modi and amit shah who were backing him.
;;0.0;;himalchal pradesh cm jai ram thakurshimla: prime minister modi is likely to inaugurate the rising himachal global investors' meet in himachal pradesh , chief minister jai ram thakur informed the assembly tuesday.
;;0.0;;ranchi/hazaribag: the raghubar das government on sunday hosted an elaborate programme in ormanjhi to mark the launch of pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi (pm-kisan) scheme by prime minister modi from gorakhpur in uttar pradesh on sunday.
;;-0.4767;;trichy: sirkazhi police in nagappattinam district arrested an mdmk functionary for posting defamatory contents on social media about prime minister modi on saturday night.
;;-0.8074;;the police arrested the town secretary of mdmk in sirkazhi, sathiyaraj balu on charges of portraying pm modi in poor light by morphing his picture and spreading it through facebook ahead of modis visit to madurai to lay the foundation stone for construction of all india institute of medical sciences (aiims).
;;0.6369;;the police said sathiyaraj created a picture of modi carrying a begging bowl (thiruvodu) in his hand and posted it on the social networking site on january 24.
;;0.5106;;the post drew the attention of many social media users and it reached the supporters of modi too.
;;0.5719;;suspense looms over gtds next course of actionminister for higher education gt devegowda , who found himself drawn into a debate with former chief minister and senior congress leader siddaramaiah , in the wake of his remarks wherein he praised prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah, is another legislator, whose actions are being closely watched.
;;0.0;;reiterating the partys stance of not having a role in the desertion of the mlas of the ruling coalition, simha added, prime minister modi , and union home minister amit shah have their hands full.
;;0.4404;;if india has to stay safe, the reins should be given to an able person and that is prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;santinketan: visva-bharati university, in a meeting of its court on monday, unanimously nominated prime minister modi as the chancellor for the next three years.
;;-0.3182;;an emergency meeting of the executive council was also held to take a number of decisions in connection with the forthcoming visit of modi and bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had laid down the foundation stone of the bathinda campus in october 2016.
;;0.3818;;bjp's resolve could be gauged from the fact that prime minister modi himself spearheaded the campaign.
;;0.4019;;making an announcement in this regard at a function in satara on february 24, chief minister devendra fadnavis said, following the concept announced by prime minister modi in 2014, 37 police stations and offices of satara district have gone smart.
;;0.0;;the concept was introduced by prime minister modi during the 49th director generals annual conference in guwahati on november 30, 2014.
;;0.0;;elections are being held in two phases in prime minister modi 's home state, with the second phase for 93 seats in north and central gujarat slated for december 14.
;;0.0;;11crore voters are eligible to exercise their franchise in an bi-polar election being held for the first time after modi became pm.
;;0.6369;;the bjp has won the last five elections, the last three in 2002, 2007 and 2012 under the leadership of modi who has been campaigning vigorously for about two weeks now.
;;0.1027;;bolstering the congress chances is the fiery 24-year-old quota warrior hardik patel who has been working up bigger crowds than modi , albeit only in patidar strongholds.
;;-0.1027;;modi has projected himself as a son of the soil and tirelessly focused on the development plank, apart from attacking the congress for corruption during the upa regime and for pursuing casteist politics.
;;0.1027;;on the other hand, congress vice-president rahul gandhi , the only star campaigner for the party, attacked modi for being pro-industrialist and ridiculed the 'gujarat model' as a lop-sided development model.
;;-0.4588;;hyderabad: all india majlise-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) chief asaduddin owaisi on tuesday took a dig at prime minister modi on social media after a legislator from uttar pradesh was caught on camera allegedly threating a woman ias officer in public.
;;-0.536;;modi is so keen on saving muslim women while his mla openly threatens a woman public servant and incites mob violence.
;;0.0;;the letter also has a logo of government of india and a photograph of prime m minister modi describing the digital india concept.
;;-0.0315;;sources told toi that the nda government had requested the governor to persuade dmk to withdraw its protest as it did not want anything to mar prime minister modi modis visit to iit madras on september 30 as well as the second edition of the sino-india informal summit between modi and chinese president xi jinping that may be held in mamallapuram between october 11and 13.
;;0.296;;activists who have raised the demand for a special status for the town said that even prime minister modi had pressed for the inclusion of the town in the jawaharlal nehru national urban renewal mission (jnnurm) when he was the chief minister.
;;0.5106;;the album was launched by prime minister modi and president of france francois hollande at the united nations climate change conference cop21 (paris).
;;0.1779;;trump repeated the bilateral mantra during his meeting with modi , saying india and pakistan could arrive at solutions between themselves.
;;0.0;;the much-anticipated meeting on the margins of the g7 summit saw trump say, we spoke last night about kashmir, prime minister modi really feels he has it under control.
;;0.0;;modi answered, we have many issues with pakistan that are bilateral.
;;0.1531;;modi took a careful stand on pakistan, not ruling out talks altogether.
;;-0.4257;;the tone adopted by modi may be a sign that in public at least, india doesnt want to sound strident and a country spoiling for a fight.
;;0.886;;bengaluru: bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) chief amit shah is confident of winning the karnataka assembly polls as he believes prime minister modi modis personal popularity has helped the party tap peoples anger against the siddaramaiah government in the state.
;;0.2732;;climate finance is a key pillar in enabling climate actions, said the ministry ahead of the summit which is to be attended by prime minister modi and environment minister prakash javadekar modi is expected to bring this narrative on the table during the summit while telling global leaders how india is well on track to meet its paris pledges through multiple actions on the ground.
;;0.8176;;ranchi: prime minister modi said at a rally in ranchi on thursday that the overwhelming mandate had ensured that his government had the numbers to take strong decisions like getting the triple talaq bill passed and nullifying articles 370 and 35a that guaranteed special status to j&k.
;;0.2023;;playing on the central theme of modi 2.
;;0.0;;the meeting was cordial and aimed at providing a new impetus to bilateral trade and commercial ties, in line with the mandate given by prime minister modi and the us president donald trump during their meeting at osaka , japan on 28 june 2019, the commerce department said in a statement.
;;0.0;;although trump had indicated a softening of stance after meeting modi , but has hit back by dragging india to the wto for levying retaliatory tariffs on 28 american goods.
;;0.2732;;jaishankar, a career diplomat and former foreign secretary, was inducted by prime minister modi in his government and given the high profile ministry in a surprise development.
;;0.0;;urging chinese businesses to make major breakthroughs in chip technology, xi, who hosted prime minister modi here in the central chinese city for an unprecedented two-day informal summit, said they should achieve new heights in global semiconductor industry.
;;0.4019;;on thursday, ahead of his one-on-one meetings with modi , xi, also the general secretary of the communist party of china central committee and chairman of the central military commission , inspected two leading chipmakers in a high-tech development zone in wuhan, capital of hubei province the area, dubbed china's optics valley, is the world's largest r&d and manufacturing base for optical communication equipment.
;;0.3612;;the drive has been taken up as part of prime minister modi modi's ease of living and doing business concept, said an official.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 28, 2018prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.5809;;ponda: with no resolution to the mining issue in sight despite several assurances made to them by the states politicians across party lines, mining dependants have resolved to display black flags during prime minister modi modis visit to goa on january 12 to inaugurate the third mandovi bridge in panaji following a supreme court order in february, the mining industry in the state came to a standstill from march 16.
;;0.4588;;as a last resort, the goa mining peoples front (gmpf) has resolved to greet prime minister modi with black flags.
;;0.4767;;new delhi: the opposition in lok sabha on tuesday walked out demanding prime minister modi modi's statement on us president donald trump 's remarks on kashmir mediation as the government asserted that outstanding issues between india and pakistan will continue to be addressed bilaterally.
;;0.34;;trump had on monday claimed that prime minister modi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir.
;;-0.5267;;he told the lower house that prime minister modi made no request to trump to mediate on the kashmir issue with pakistan.
;;0.34;;us president trump had on monday claimed that prime minister modi had asked him to play the role of an mediator on kashmir.
;;0.0;;in the run up to the polls, prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah personally targeted baghel during the campaign.
;;0.6597;;the bjp, billed as the worlds largest political party with more than 11crore members, under prime minister modi and party chief amit shah , has already designated the elders and veterans as the marg darshak mandal to pave way for young and new faces.
;;0.0516;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said 10 crore lpg connections including 4 crore free to poor women, were given in last four years, compared to 13 crore in six decades since independence, as his government stepped up efforts to shield women and children from kitchen smoke.
;;0.8271;;interacting through video-conference with some of the women beneficiaries who received free cooking gas connection under the pradhan mantri ujjwala yojana modi recounted his own childhood when his mother struggled with smoke emitting from cooking on firewood or cow dung, to say his government will increase coverage of clean fuel to 100 per cent households in the near future.
;;0.0;;the plan is to open the corridor on november 8 and prime minister modi is likely to attend the event.
;;0.0;;washington: us president donald trump has hinted that there could be some announcement by him at the mega howdy modi!
;;0.296;;event in houston on sunday, where he would join prime minister modi in addressing the 50,000-strong indian diaspora.
;;0.765;;the white house on monday announced that trump would join modi at the mega houston rally on september 22 as a special gesture by the us president to underscore the special bond between the two countries.
;;0.5095;;i have a very good relationship with prime minister modi , trump told reporters on wednesday aboard air force one on his way back from california to washington dc.
;;0.0;;according to media reports, officials of the two countries are trying to finalise a trade deal before prime minister modi and trump meet in houston.
;;0.5574;;he expressed happiness over chief minister v narayanasamys comment referring to him as the brother of prime minister modi .
;;-0.34;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday exhorted bjp mps and elected representatives to expose those handful of people who had throttled democracy by stalling parliament proceedings during the budget session.
;;-0.25;;modi will lead around 2,000 bjp lawmakers including mps, mlas and mlcs in a day-long fast on thursday at 600 district headquarters across the country to mark their protest against the recent parliament washout.
;;-0.3612;;being on fast, modi will travel to tamil nadu to inaugurate defence expo, a biennial exhibition of weapons and military hardware, in thiruvidanthai near chennai.
;;0.7964;;reducing interest rates would please finance minister nirmala sitharaman, who delivered her first budget last month after being promoted by prime minister modi following his re-election in may.
;;0.4939;;sggu officials said that the mous were inspired by a recent conference of director generals of police where prime minister modi had mentioned that such exchanges should take place.
;;-0.6124;;protests against the bill were also held in other districts, with agitators burning effigies of prime minister modi and union home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.3182;;volunteers of prominent student bodies of the state  amsu, msf, desam, suk, ksa and aims  along with a local civil body and women market vendors burnt effigies of modi and rajnath at yairipok in thoubal district.
;;0.7003;;launching the scheme in october 2014, prime minister modi had expressed hope that it would open the door for good politics.
;;-0.1027;;this story is from november 1, 2018members of sardar patels family at the statue of unity venue in kevadiya on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citykevadiya (narmada): the unveiling of worlds tallest statue  the statue of unity  by prime minister modi on wednesday acted as a re-union of sorts for the family of sardar patel in whose memory the imposing artwork has been constructed.
;;-0.0258;;for sardars vadodara-based grand nephew dhirubhai, a historic wrong has been corrected by modi by constructing this colossal statue.
;;0.8126;;we have to give credit for this to modi , said dhirubhai, who took pride that not a single member from sardars family has ever taken advantage or misused his name for their personal gains.
;;0.0;;before modi , nobody took such an initiative.
;;-0.25;;noida: a day ahead of the visit of prime minister modi to noida for the inauguration of the magenta line of delhi metro from the botanical garden metro station, the noida golf course management has cancelled the christmas celebrations scheduled on december 25 due to unavoidable circumstances.
;;0.1901;;most of the quality management systems being used in india like lean manufacturing and kaizan are based on japanese theory, but zed is an indigenous model introduced by pm modi himself.
;;0.0;;congress has looted 12 lakh crore and now targeting our leader modi.
;;0.0;;shah also said that himachal got only rs 44,325 crore from the 13th finance commission during the congress government, while the modi government gave rs 1,15,865 crore to state.
;;0.3182;;mumbai: shiv sena mouthpiece saamna has held prime minister modi squarely responsible for the bjp debacle in the rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhatisgarh assembly elections.
;;0.2023;;in a hard-hitting editorial on thursday, saamna said the responsibility for the bjp defeat should rest with modi as he had led the party election campaign and roped in members of his cabinet as well into it.
;;0.0;;modi and shah addressed nearly 40 meetings in the three states.
;;0.4019;;while campaigning modi forgot the dignity of the pms office which he holds.
;;0.0;;manama: prime minister modi arrived here on saturday to hold extensive talks with the king of bahrain , hamad bin isa al khalifa, on various bilateral and regional issues.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi's visit to bahrain is significant as it is the first visit of an indian prime minister to the country.
;;0.0;;in bahrain, modi will also witness the formal beginning of the re-development of the temple of shreenathji - the oldest in the gulf region.
;;0.4404;;modi arrived here after wrapping up his visit to the uae where he held talks with the crown prince of abu dhabi, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan and discussed measures to improve trade and cultural ties between the two countries.
;;0.0;;the crown prince of abu dhabi accompanied prime minister modi to the airport.
;;0.0;;money order receipt sent to prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.6486;;agra: a potato farmer here sent the paltry profit of rs 490 that he earned from selling his entire potato produce of 19,000 kg to prime minister modi to protest the continuous losses he had to suffer.
;;-0.7269;;nagpur: bharatiya republican party bahujan mahasangh chief prakash ambedkar on thursday said he was falsely implicated by the rss and the bjp in a fake case of alleged plot to kill prime minister modi .
;;-0.6597;;dropping another bombshell, ambedkar warned that the modi government, after failing to raid the reserve bank of india reserves of rs3.
;;0.0;;allahabad: a day after its flag-off by prime minister modi , the vande bharat express developed a technical snag on saturday morning on its return journey from varanasi to the national capital.
;;0.0;;pm modi (file photo)new delhi: gifts given to prime minister modi are set to be auctioned online beginning september 14 with proceeds going towards the namami gange project, union culture minister prahlad singh patel said on wednesday.
;;0.5267;;over 2,772 gift items received by modi in the past six months will be put under the hammer on the e-portal launched for this purpose.
;;0.0;;in february this year, over 1,800 mementoes that pm modi had received were sold.
;;-0.6249;;new delhi: amid renewed pressure on the dalit front, prime minister modi would seek to blunt the criticism with another commemoration of the community's tallest icon b r ambedkar.
;;0.0;;modi is likely to lead the inauguration of alipore road memorial in the capital on april 14, ambedkar jayanti.
;;-0.2263;;the court's directive has sparked all-round criticism, with dalit groups and the political class terming it as dilution of the special law and accusing the modi government of not adequately defending the case in the apex court.
;;0.5106;;ambedkar has been at the heart of a strong saffron bid to appropriate his legacy since the advent of the modi government.
;;-0.5719;;in december 2017, two days before the voting in gujarat where bjp was facing a serious threat from a restive dalit community, modi had inaugurated the ambedkar international centre on janpath road here.
;;0.0;;this move may have a lot to do with chief minister modi modi's recent visit to china.
;;-0.296;;the officer added, after modi visited china, officials wanted to avoid using 'chinese' and hence plastic thread is its new name.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: prime minister modi and his nepalese counterpart k p sharma oli today held extensive deliberations covering entire expanse of bilateral relationship and vowed to boost ties in key areas of defence and security, connectivity and trade.
;;0.0;;it was the 34th convocation of the institute where prime minister modi was the chief guest.
;;0.0;;amaravati: chief minister n chandrababu naidu is unlikely to receive prime minister modi during his visit on january 6.
;;-0.6124;;she also took on prime minister modi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath for ensuring the defeat of a poor and dalit candidate by a moneyed man.
;;0.2023;;co/jripujd0fc  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1561589989000osaka: prime minister modi on thursday arrived here in japan for the g20 summit during which he will attend important plurilateral meetings and meet with the world leaders including us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;this will be prime minister modi's sixth g20 summit which is being held at osaka on june 28-29.
;;0.0;;apart from trump, prime minister modi will also meet chinese president xi jinping , russian president vladimir putin and other leaders during the g20 summit.
;;-0.8442;;following the arrest of bhatt, who has accused gujarat chief minister modi of complicity in the 2002 riots, police conducted a raid at his residence in memnagar area to check for evidence related to the complaint.
;;-0.7579;;bhatt was arrested in connection with an fir filed against him by constable k d pant for allegedly threatening him and making him sign a false affidavit with regard to a meeting called by modi on february 27, 2002 hours after the godhra train carnage.
;;-0.4019;;bhatt has been locked in a public confrontation with modi after he filed an affidavit in the supreme court accusing the chief minister of complicity in the riots.
;;-0.6705;;singh lauded prime minister modi modis decision to enact a law to award capital punishment to those convicted of raping girls aged 12 and below.
;;-0.7351;;pm modi has given a tough law to the country against rape, he said.
;;0.6124;;the high-powered panel comprising prime minister modi , cji ranjan gogoi 's nominee justice a k sikri and leader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge had transferred verma out of the cbi in a split verdict on thursday.
;;0.1027;;however, india has reached out to key members of the hrc in recent weeks  prime minister modi held talks with the king and prime minister of bahrain (currently a member of unhrc) where this issue would have been raised.
;;0.0772;;co/pnbjjviibj  mayawati (@mayawati) 1562494438000lucknow: hitting out at prime minister modi for his size of the cake matters remark, bsp supremo mayawati said on sunday the pm is talking about cake for people when a majority of them is reeling under the problem of roti-rozi.
;;0.1027;;defence officials say prime minister modi is likely to inaugurate the world-class nwm, adjoining the india gate complex on the majestic rajpath in the capital, on january 25.
;;0.4588;;new delhi: india and russia started off the year with a high-level conversation between pm modi and russian president putin where the two leaders focused on defence and counter-terrorism.
;;0.7579;;following up on the last summit between modi and shinzo abe, the dialogue, according to the mea spokesperson, focused on regional connectivity, economic partnership, new and digital technologies, healthcare, renewable energy, defence cooperation and maritime security.
;;0.0;;later taro kono called on pm modi.
;;0.0;;former canadian pm stephen harper is also visiting india and will be meeting modi.
;;0.0;;the four-member pakistani delegation, led by attorney general ashtar ausaf ali , met the world bank officials here yesterday, days after prime minister modi inaugurated the 330 mw kishanganga hydroelectric project in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.8225;;01:45bengaluru: the idea of aemerging before next years lok sabha polls appeared to be on a firmer footing on wednesday when almost all the non-bjp parties came together here to celebrate the inauguration of the, raising the prospect of a mouth-watering modi versus rest contest in 2019.
;;0.296;;most of them have little in common but for an intense and still-growing desire to stop prime minister modi from getting a second term.
;;-0.4404;;jignesh mevani, independent mla from vadgam and convener of rdam, said that the public rally was the need of the hour because prime minister modi and other top leaders of the ruling bjp were silent over the horrors.
;;-0.4588;;this story is from december 5, 2018swami agnivesh (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citythrissur: prime minister modi and sangh parivar are trying to divert attention from their failures by raking up communal issues such as ram janmabhoomi, said activist swami agnivesh .
;;0.3818;;after four-and-a-half years, modi is unable to deliver his promises.
;;0.0;;modi could not implement the bill to earmark 33  reservation for women in state assemblies and parliament, he said.
;;0.8555;;lajwanti, who was born in pakistans sindh province and had got married to ramesh lal in 1972, has thanked prime minister modi for granting her citizenship and said that she was elated to become an indian.
;;0.4939;;co/lyaurmvw2q  ani (@ani) 1514191901000noida: prime minister modi today advocated the use of public transport to save on fuel and costs associated with the import of petroleum, saying travelling on a metro train should be a prestige issue.
;;0.0;;on december 24, 2002 then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee took a ride on the metro, modi recalled.
;;0.7964;;the renewed focus on the small and medium enterprises and helping them by way of interest subvention, as announced by prime minister modi , would improve the competitiveness of indian exporters.
;;0.0;;he was interacting with reporters at nagercoil after offering offering prayers at the nagaraja temple on the occasion of the 69th birthday of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;radhakrishnan had kicked up a controversy on monday when he said that modi is the first pm to have proclaimed tamil as one of the oldest languages, in fact even older than sanskrit.
;;0.2023;;file photonew delhi: top government functionaries, including prime minister modi and home minister amit shah, and other senior bjp leaders will attend international yoga day events across the country on friday.
;;0.5574;;tharoor said he is the first person to say there is not much in the positive ledger for the modi government.
;;0.6486;;he was responding to a question on the criticism by his party colleagues over backing jairam ramesh 's remarks that the prime minister should not be demonised and salman khurshid's statement that finding something good prime minister modi has done is like finding a needle in a haystack.
;;-0.34;;tharoor said he has stressed on the modi government's shortcomings in his 500-page takedown of the ruling dispensation - the paradoxical prime minister published last year.
;;0.8271;;but mr modi has been effective in raising his vote percentage across india from 31 per cent in 2014 to 37 per cent in 2019, and as a party which stayed at around 19 per cent in both elections, we in the congress need to make an effort to understand why, tharoor said.
;;0.5859;;clearly, enough voters thought modi was delivering something for them - we need to acknowledge that, but point out its limitations: yes, he built toilets, but 60 per cent of them don't have running water; yes, he gave poor rural women gas cylinders, but 92 per cent of them can't afford refills, he said.
;;-0.9161;;but if the congress acts as if modi has done nothing, however flawed his policies, and people still voted for him, then it is saying that people are stupid, which is not a position that wins votes, he argued.
;;0.6597;;lucknow: prime minister modi will be calling 20 party mlas on their phone for a ground report from the state, even as bjp national president amit shah will be here on wednesday, meeting up chief minister yogi adityanath , two deputy chief ministers and office-bearers of the party.
;;0.0;;while modi will be on line with the mlas, shah will spend six hours at 5, kalidas marg, official residence of the chief minister, where he would meet both deputy chief ministers and ministers.
;;0.6433;;the move of political parties to show black flags to prime minister modi is not wrong given how the centre treats tamil nadu with a big brother attitude, he said.
;;-0.5859;;manama: in a veiled attack on pakistan, india and bahrain on sunday called on the international community to reject the use of terrorism against other countries as both sides agreed to further enhance cooperation in the field of security, counter-terrorism and the exchange of intelligence and information during the visit of prime minister modi to the gulf kingdom.
;;0.0;;during his two-day visit to bahrain, the first by an indian prime minister, that concluded on sunday, modi held bilateral meetings with king hamad bin isa al khalifa and prince and prime minister khalifa bin salman al khalifa.
;;0.4019;;it (hcmtr) will help infuse a new life into the existing integrated transport system as it will connect to metro and the ring road, the chief minister said after the foundation laying ceremony of the third metro line by prime minister modi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;pm modi with shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray and maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis at rally in mumbai.
;;0.7351;;now, there are strong undercurrents in favour of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1779;;she justified using drums during the protest, alleging that prime minister modi and chief minister manohar parrikar have turned a deaf ear to the issue of inflation.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: days after his alleged remarks against prime minister modi at public meetings in karimnagar and adilabad, trs president and chief minister k chandrasekhar rao said on saturday that he did not use any unparliamentary words against the pm.
;;0.4767;;i have nothing against modi and have respect for him.
;;-0.4019;;noida: a 25-year-old man has been detained for allegedly posting morphed pictures of prime minister modi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath in a whatsapp group.
;;0.0258;;prime minister modi (toi photo)modi's independence day's addressswachhta hi sevanew delhi: prime minister modi on sunday urged people to observe the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi this year as a day to make india plastic-free and exhorted municipalities, ngos and the corporate sector to come up with ways for safe disposal of accumulated plastic waste before diwali.
;;0.0;;in his independence day's address, modi had urged citizens to eliminate 'single-use' plastic and suggested that shopkeepers provide eco-friendly bags to customers.
;;0.0772;;on tuesday, senior congress leader and former cm digvijaya singh had supported the protest, writing to prime minister modi to reconsider the decision to set up a 1400mw nuclear power plant here.
;;0.4404;;earlier today, adhir courted controversry after he used an objectionable comparision for pm modi during the course of his speech on the motion of thanks to the president's address.
;;-0.7351;;i got enraged when the bjp member tried to humiliate swami vivekananda by comparing him with prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;he was trying to equate narendranath datta with modi , which was vehemently opposed by me, the congress leader said.
;;0.25;;earlier, pompeo, who is here on a two-day visit, called on prime minister modi and held comprehensive talks with his indian counterpart s jaishankar.
;;0.0;;i was a member of congress when prime minister (narendra) modi came to washington, dc and he spoke at our congress on capitol hill.
;;0.4588;;he said president donald trump and prime minister modi are two leaders who are not afraid to blaze great trails and are not afraid to take risks where they are appropriate.
;;0.0;;chief minister jai ram thakur said he had discussed the issue of providing air connectivity to the far-flung areas of the state with prime minister modi during his recent visit to delhi.
;;0.6249;;new delhi: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu met prime minister modi on friday amid a perceived strain in ties with the centre and sought help for fulfilling promises made during the bifurcation of the state.
;;0.3612;;the tdp chief who met modi almost after a year said, the pm has assured me that he would look into the pending issues.
;;0.0;;however, tdp sources said naidu would wait for the centre to deliver on the states demands before taking a stand on the modi government.
;;-0.7579;;the complaint was filed one month after flesh filed a complaint on the public grievance portal of prime minister modi and indian consulate in dubai in september 2017.
;;0.3612;;the hearing on friday assumed importance as prime minister modi on tuesday had suggested any decision on an ordinance on ram temple in ayodhya can happen only after the completion of the judicial process.
;;0.0;;co/4knpsycrhn  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1567140449000new delhi: there must be enough civility in public life for differing streams to be able to hear each others point of view, prime minister modi said on friday.
;;-0.836;;in victory too, prime minister modi continued his blistering criticism of sarkar and the left front, with a tweet that said, while we are naturally delighted about the historic victory in tripura, we will always have in our thoughts and prayers the bjp karyakartas who lost their lives due to mindless communist violence.
;;0.0;;the chief minister landed in noida to oversee and review the arrangements being made ahead of prime minister modi modi's visit to flag off delhi metros magenta line between botanical garden and kalkaji mandir on december 25.
;;0.4215;;washington: us president donald trump on monday stepped into the india-pakistan diplomatic minefield, offering to mediate in the kashmir issue between the two sides and claiming that prime minister modi has also asked him to help in the matter.
;;0.1571;;it is not clear how authentic is trump's claim that prime minister modi asked for his help in the matter given that the us president is prone to hyperbole.
;;0.5023;;but trump claimed that he was with modi two weeks ago and the indian prime minister asked him if he (trump) would like to be a mediator or arbitrator.
;;0.743;;he congratulated prime minister modi for his unwavering commitment towards ensuring unity and integrity of our motherland.
;;0.0;;argentina's president mauricio macri (l) arrives with prime minister modi before a meeting in new del.
;;0.4404;;during the talks, modi and macri expressed satisfaction at the ongoing talks in the area of space.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has been urging for dependence on single-use plastic to mark the 150th anniversary of mahatma gandhi which falls on october 2.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar/bhopal: after prime minister modi 's visit to madhya pradesh , the mp government has issued a 627-page gazette notification, publishing a list of more than 18,000 people to be evicted from the submergence area in the narmada valley before july 31, to enable the closing of the sardar sarovar dam gates.
;;0.7478;;with the submergence of fertile land and forests , the state will not gain anything, said a senior mp bureaucrat involved in the rehabilitation of pafs for two decades, but the issue is of immense importance for gujarat where elections are due later this year and pm modi is taking personal interest in the completion of the project, he said.
;;-0.2732;;this story is from november 12, 2018representative imagebengaluru: barely 90 days after prime minister modi announced a human spaceflight mission isro ) has begun the process of drawing up a shortlist of experiments it will conduct in the low earth orbit (leo), where it intends to send indian astronauts (gaganauts).
;;0.7096;;i welcome kapil mishra and richa pandey into bjp and hope they will serve delhi by following the policies of prime minister modi and philosophy of deen dayal upadhyay and syama prasad mookerjee, tiwari said.
;;-0.4767;;co/ixmp4ngva2  vijay mallya (@thevijaymallya) 1550104192000new delhi: former liquor baron vijay mallya on thursday responded to prime minister modi modi's attack in parliament and asked why he was not asking the banks to take the money he has offered.
;;-0.4767;;modi in his speech in parliament last week had said that those who had fled the country were now crying on twitter, making a veiled reference to mallya.
;;0.2023;;in a landmark success for indian investigating agencies and a political boost for the modi government, a uk judge in december last year ordered the extradition of mallya to indian where he is wanted to face charges of money laundering and fraud.
;;0.0;;however, it is up to the prime minister modi to decide who would be part of his ministry.
;;-0.0387;;there is no option but to make prime minister modi come back to power as a number of new projects, schemes implemented during his first tenure should be taken to the next level.
;;0.4019;;khan's remarks came shortly after prime minister modi , during his meeting with us president donald trump on the sidelines of g-7 summit in france on monday, reiterated that kashmir is an internal matter of india, and new delhi and islamabad can resolve their issues bilaterally.
;;0.1779;;the lingayat strongman is known to have espoused the cause of farmers, something which was repeately referred to by prime minister modi in his election speeches.
;;0.7269;;surat: when bjps vijay rupani took oath of office and secrecy as chief minister and formed his 20-member ministry in gandhinagar on tuesday in the presence of prime minister modi and other dignitaries, party workers and people of surat were riding high on hopes.
;;0.6486;;the affordable housing sector  which offers homes for low-income people in the country  gained a major boost, including tax sops, after prime minister modi made this one of his governments focus areas.
;;0.0;;the way only prime minister modi and two-four other people knew about demonetisation, similary this time too only a few people know what will happen in kashmir, shiv sena stated.
;;-0.8442;;new delhi: a day after crossborder firing killed four army men including a major, congress accused prime minister modi of lacking a pakistan policy, saying it was time the bjp leader told the country why he visited pakistan two years ago.
;;-0.5267;;congress spokesman manish tewari said ceasefire violations by pakistan were increasing since the modi government came to office and the figure stood at 900 in 2017.
;;0.0;;mumbai: launching a scathing attack on 49 celebrities for writing an open letter to prime minister modi expressing concern over mob lynching, central bureau of film certification (cbfc) chairman prasoon joshi on friday said that there was an alarming need for positive thinking in the country.
;;-0.0;;on july 23, 49 celebrities wrote an open letter to prime minister modi demanding that exemplary punishment should be meted out swiftly and surely in lynching cases.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 13, 2019a kite-seller shows kites with pictures of pm modi and cm naveen patnaik in bhubaneswardownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;people are buying both modi and naveen kites.
;;-0.296;;though no bulk order of kites with modi or naveen on them have been placed, amit recently received an order of 100 kites with the make in odisha slogan on it.
;;0.0;;hubballi: the state bjp unit announced that prime minister modi will sound the poll bugle in karnataka for the lok sabha election from hubballi on february 10.
;;0.0;;he said modi will address a rally in kalaburagi on february 17.
;;-0.5994;;spot where the cop shot himselfkevadiya: a police sub-inspector, who was deputed in bandobast duty for prime minister modi modis visit to the sardar sarovar dam, allegedly shot himself to death outside the kevadiya circuit house on tuesday.
;;0.0;;the incident happened at the time when modi and several other vips including chief minister vijay rupani were taking a round of various tourist facilities built in near the statue of unity.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 13, 2019bihar dy chief minister shushil modi arrives to present the budget 2019-20download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.2911;;patna: deputy chief minister modi on tuesday presented a budget of more than rs 2 lakh crore for 2019-20, which is the highest so far prepared by any government in the state.
;;0.0;;on modi government's work, nadda said there is a tradition that a report card is released after 100 days, but modi ji has decided to put forth the 50-day report card before the country.
;;0.2716;;nadda said the most important decision of the modi government is abiut building 1.
;;-0.25;;co/lmfsix945b  ani (@ani) 1513322283000new delhi: the winter session of parliament got off to a rocky start today with the congress issuing a notice in the rajya sabha (rs) seeking an apology from prime minister modi for alleging that former pm manmohan singh is colluding with pakistan.
;;-0.4939;;congress president-elect rahul gandhi had in a tv interview alleged that instead of talking about issues, pm modi is insulting manmohan singh.
;;-0.34;;modi had in his election rally earlier this month alleged congress conspiring with pakistan to foist its candidate in gujarat, with azad saying it is a serious matter and opposition is worried.
;;-0.1531;;tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswamidownload the times of india news app for latest citychennai: tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on monday sought the urgent personal intervention of prime minister modi to deny karnatakas dam plan across the cauvery river.
;;0.0;;the chief minister had taken up the issue during his recent meeting with modi.
;;0.0;;the home minister also referred to prime minister modi , former prime minister atal bihar vajpayee and late external affairs minister sushma swaraj who delivered their speeches in un general assembly in hindi.
;;0.4927;;the country's economy is very safe in the hands of prime minister modi 's leadership.
;;-0.4215;;the critical need to be prepared for this new revolution in military affairs was even stressed by prime minister modi during the defexpo in chennai last month.
;;0.0;;prior to that, in may 2015, prime minister modi was on an official visit to mongolia, president battulga told media here.
;;0.0;;he was received by union minister kiren rijiju prime minister modi and the mongolian president will jointly unveil the statue of lord buddha at gandan monastery via video conferencing later today.
;;0.0;;battulga will also meet minister of state for external affairs v muraleedharan at rashtrapati bhawan followed by a meeting with prime minister modi at his residence.
;;0.1027;;the two countries had reached a strategic partnership in 2015 during the visit of prime minister modi to mongolia.
;;0.3818;;download the times of india news app for latest citypanaji: discussions over the mining stalemate dominated the meeting between chief minister manohar parrikar and state bjp legislators on saturday, with the ailing chief minister assuring the mlas that he would call prime minister modi to seek his intervention for immediate resumption of mining in goa.
;;0.1027;;reacting sharply to us president donald trumps library jibe at prime minister modi , bjp general secretary ram madhav on thursday said india has been doing immense development work in afghanistan for which the people of the war-ravaged country thank us, no matter what others do or dont.
;;-0.296;;he was responding to trumps jibe at modi for funding a library in afghanistan, saying it is of no use in the war-torn country .
;;0.6486;;hyderabad: the analysis of domestic visits of prime minister modi by city based rti activist and factly founder rakesh reddy dubbudu and his team revealed that pm had visited non-bjp ruled states like telangana, andhra, odisha and west bengal fewer number of times when compared to bjp ruled states like gujarat, maharashtra and uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;the analysis of data available on the website of prime minister also revealed that most of the domestic tours of modi were to the election-bound states.
;;0.0772;;modi visited his home state gujarat the highest number of times followed by uttar pradesh from where he represents varanasi in the lok sabha.
;;0.0;;he added: in 2017, pm modi made 21 visits each to up and gujarat which went to the polls in that year.
;;0.0;;likewise, in 2014, pm modi mostly visited maharashtra, jammu & kashmir, jharkhand and haryana that witnessed elections.
;;0.0;;pm modi visited andhra pradesh five times and telangana four times in the past four years, he added.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: the supreme court monday agreed to hear tomorrow a congress mp's plea seeking direction to the election commission to decide without any demur the complaints against prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah on their alleged hate speeches and using armed forces for political propaganda.
;;-0.2263;;a bench headed by chief justice ranjan gogoi took note of the submissions of senior advocate a m singhvi that the plea of sushmita dev, congress lok sabha mp from silchar in assam and president of 'all india mahila congress', be accorded an urgent hearing as ec has not taken any decision on complaints of model code of conduct (mcc) violations against modi and shah.
;;-0.4767;;the silchar mp said she has been constrained to move to the apex court to seek direction to the ec to expeditiously take action on multiple representations/ complaints pending before the eci against modi and shah.
;;-0.765;;the plea listed out several alleged instances of mcc violations by modi and shah in their meetings and referred to as the first violation the speech of modi at a rally at wardha, maharashtra, on april 1 where he had allegedly raised the issue of 'bhagva aatankwad' (saffron terror).
;;-0.3612;;modi had also allegedly raised the issue of the congress president fighting polls from wayanad in kerala.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi addressed a rally where he gave a hate-speech and sought votes in the name of armed forces in wardha, maharashtra, the plea alleged.
;;0.5267;;by express news servicebengaluru: union minister for science and technology harsh vardhan said on monday that india was on course to generate 175 gw of clean energy by 2022, as promised by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi and saudi arabia crown prince mohammed bin salman witness the exchange of m https://t.
;;0.4939;;he is perceived to be close to chief minister modi and it was expected that he would be rewarded in some way.
;;0.3612;;we have a national and international leader like prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6369;;meanwhile, gujarat chief minister vijay rupani , in a tweet, said prime minister modi held a telephonic discussion with him about the flood situation and assured help from the centre.
;;0.0;;and in the gujarat assembly, the state government announced that the metro will be inaugurated by prime minister modi on march 4.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi arrived in japan on thursday early morning to attend the g20 summit on june 28-29 in osaka.
;;0.25;;pm modi called for it in the 13th g20 summit and will be reiterating it in the 14th chapter of the summit on friday that the world's trading system should undergo constructive reform which also serves india's interests.
;;0.2023;;* pm modi in his departure statement said that the osaka summit will witness india addressing issues like women empowerment, artificial intelligence and common efforts to address terrorism as its top agenda.
;;0.34;;*a key highlight of osaka summit is the probable meeting of pm modi with us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;* pm modi will be participating in three crucial plurilaterals.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , in his speech on the independence day, reiterated his call for a new mass movement against single-use plastic in the country.
;;0.6124;;lucknow: samajwadi party (sp) national president akhilesh yadav on monday held the modi government at centre and yogi government in the state responsible for the increasing pollution of rivers in up.
;;0.0;;akhilesh took a dig at prime minister modi by recalling his statement during 2014 lok sabha polls electioneering that he was contesting from varanasi because 'maa ganga' has invited him.
;;0.0;;it will be inaugurated by prime minister modi in new delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi with rajya sabha mps tg venkatesh, ys chowdary and cm ramesh, in new delhi on fri.
;;0.0;;later in the day, chowdary, ramesh and venkatesh called on prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;two of the paintings on movies  mother india and pakeezah have found a place in national museum of indian cinema (nmic), which was inaugurated by prime minister modi on january 19.
;;0.0;;it must be noted that, following prime minister modi modi's suggestion, smc had decided to construct a sky scrapper as its new head office.
;;0.4588;;new delhi: prime minister modi will seek to repair india's drifting partnership with russia when he meets president vladimir putin this week, amid wariness over moscow's renewed interest in new delhi's backyard, analysts say.
;;-0.1027;;furthermore, modi is now seeking to manufacture military hardware locally, asking foreign firms to work with domestic contractors under his make in india campaign, in a bid to reduce reliance on costly imports.
;;0.0;;while a package has been announced by prime minister modi , another scheme is in the works for small traders and exporters.
;;0.6908;;briefing reporters after a bjp parliamentary party meeting, attended by prime minister modi and party chief amit shah , parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said the government has been talking to different parties to break the deadlock in parliament and targeted congress.
;;0.8807;;kumar also made light of congress chief sonia gandhi's invite to opposition parties for a dinner, saying her dinner politics will be only about dinner while the bjp under modi remains a winner citing the fact that the ruling nda is steadily attracting more allies.
;;-0.8442;;new delhi: a man has been nabbed for allegedly calling up the police control room and threatening to kill prime minister modi .
;;0.4939;;expressing confidence that bjp will come to power again at centre, the bjp leader said that the forthcoming polls will witness prime minister modi and developments carried out during his tenure on one side and opportunistic gang on the other side.
;;0.0;;shillong: prime minister modi blew the bjps election bugle at the rally for change here on saturday, asserting that the partys only agenda is development in meghalaya and other northeastern states.
;;0.0;;kumno phi long (how are you), modi began his address in chaste khasi, as around 10,000 spectators gathered to listen to him.
;;0.6621;;expressing satisfaction on inaugurating the shillong-nongstoin-tura road project here on saturday, modi lambasted the congress government for having done little for improving road infrastructure in the state.
;;-0.1027;;talking to media persons after inspecting an underconstruction railway station building in nankana sahib on sunday, he warned india headed by prime minister modi against provoking a nuclear power like pakistan.
;;-0.9337;;warning pm modi against a war, rashid claimed that a war between the two nuclear armed countries would prove to be the last war.
;;0.0258;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister modi will address representatives, including ministers, from 196 countries at un conference to combat desertification, which is to be organised at greater noida , near national capital delhi, from september 2-13.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday wished congress leader sonia gandhi on her birthday.
;;0.6124;;i pray for her long and healthy life, modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;despite the dharna, modi is still preferring to side with the cm, he said.
;;0.4588;;during his address, prime minister modi said from stage that he was informed by chief minister jai ram thakur about the incident and all those who had suffered injuries would be given good treatment, free of cost.
;;0.0;;according to a statement from his office, thakur also joined army personnel in leh to carry out a cleanliness drive to mark prime minister modi 's 69th birthday.
;;0.4588;;this story is from november 1, 2018aerial view of statue of unity in kevadiya colony of narmada district, on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citykevadiya: kevadiya, the tiny tribal hamlet nestled amid satpura and vindhya ranges, got etched in history as prime minister modi dedicated to the nation statue of unity, the worlds tallest statue, built as a towering tribute to indias iron man sardar vallabhbhai patel on wednesday.
;;0.6369;;the 182-meter-tall statue built on sadhu beyt near sardar sarovar dam was conceptualised by modi in 2010 when he was gujarat chief minister as glorious acknowledgement of sardars painstaking yet uncelebrated contribution in unifying india by merging over 550 princely states.
;;0.7184;;modi also exhorted people to rise above caste, class and religion and imbibe the sole feeling of being indian to realise the dream of ek bharat shreshtha bharat (unified india, superior india).
;;0.1027;;modi also blasted his critics and lamented that his governments efforts of bringing to life the contribution of indias iconic freedom fighters are being seen as political gimmick.
;;0.4019;;he mentioned that even prime minister modi has said that political parties are the most corrupt in country.
;;0.5859;;chouhan congratulated prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah for the partys performance in the polls and historic win in the three northeast states.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: the editors guild of india has expressed concern at the words used by congress president rahul gandhi while criticising ani editor-in-chief smita prakash who had interviewed prime minister modi earlier this week.
;;-0.7096;;you want to attack mr modi , go ahead but downright absurd to ridicule me.
;;0.8074;;ahmedabad: prime minister modi , who turns 69 on tuesday, will visit the site of the gujarat 's sardar sarovar dam on the narmada river whose water level has reached its highest mark for the first time to celebrate the feat and kick off namami narmade festival.
;;0.0;;the dam was inaugurated by pm modi on september 17, 2017.
;;0.0;;on february 15, prime minister modi flagged off the first semi-high speed engine-less vande bharat express (t18) between new delhi and varanasi.
;;0.4939;;tokyo: prime minister modi on monday asked japanese businessmen to engage more with india as he interacted with top business leaders from the two countries at a forum here.
;;0.0;;earlier, modi interacted with some japanese venture capitalists.
;;0.4939;;family of the youth at the district administration office in jindjind: a native of jind district , stranded in indonesia , has urged prime minister modi and union home and external affairs ministries on social media to save him.
;;0.6808;;mangaluru: ramesh jigajinagi union minister of state for drinking water and sanitation, said the central government under the leadership of prime minister modi will always further the cause of bpl families by ensuring that lpg reaches all people, so that kitchens across the country are free from smoke pollution.
;;-0.0772;;in order to give a universal reach of clean cooking lpg in the country, the cabinet committee on economic affairs chaired by prime minister modi has given a latest decision to release deposit-free lpg connections to poor families, who were not in the socio economic caste census (secc) list or those not under seven categories of epmuy, he said.
;;0.1531;;to a question on the middle class apparently distancing itself from the modi government, he said the centre has been working while keeping in mind benefits of all sections of society and a propaganda was being spread that the middle class has turned away from the bjp.
;;0.4767;;shah also highlighted the benefits and achievements of various schemes launched during the four-year rule of the nda government at the centre led by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4767;;shah took a jibe at former prime minister manmohan singh , saying when he used to go on foreign tours, nobody knew about it but when pm modi goes abroad, he is welcomed by people of those countries and indians based there.
;;-0.2263;;banerjee, one of the prime movers behind the effort to cobble together an anti-bjp alliance ahead of the lok sabha polls, alleged that prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah want to impose president's rule in whatever states the opposition is in power.
;;-0.5267;;kolkata: after a group of eminent citizens expressed concern at the number of religious identity-based hate crimes in a letter to prime minister modi , west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee said on wednesday that whatever they stated was quite right and that she had been saying it for a long.
;;0.5859;;meanwhile, the mizoram bru displaced people's forum (mbdpf), the apex body of the refugees, has urged prime minister modi , union home minister rajnath singh, home secretary rajiv gauba and joint secretary (north-east) satyendra garg to extend their relief and other assistance until they returned to their homes in mizoram.
;;0.6808;;new delhi: india and indonesia have agreed to upgrade their ties to comprehensive strategic partnership as the two countries signed 15 agreements including one on defence cooperation after extensive talks between prime minister modi and indonesia president joko widodo in jakarta.
;;0.872;;awarded the padma shri in 2000 for his contribution to the arts and later the sangeet natak akademi award, he leaves a legacy that has prompted twitter farewells from prime minister modi who acknowledged the legend as a wonderful communicator, president ram nath kovind to various actors, including manisha koirala.
;;0.3182;;this story is from november 5, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citycoimbatore: a farmers associations in tamil nadu has written to prime minister modi requesting him to expand the proposed mumbai-bangalore economic corridor to coimbatore.
;;0.0;;lucknow: governor ram naik on wednesday wrote to prime minister modi , requesting him to take initative to enusre that there is a common voters' list for lok sabha, vidhan sabha and local bodies elections.
;;0.0;;new delhi: in his 44th radio address to the nation on sunday, prime minister modi paid homage to indias first pm pandit jawaharlal nehru and saffron icon vinayak damodar savarkar.
;;0.4939;;in his monthly radio broadcast mann ki baat, modi offered his pranam to nehru on his death anniversary, and said the month of may also reminded him of its link with savarkar, who the pm said was a sensitive poet and a courageous revolutionary who worshipped both shastra (weapons) and shaastra (religious text).
;;0.0;;new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is scheduled to meet prime minister modi here on wednesday, according to state secretariat sources in kolkata.
;;0.2023;;banerjees meeting with modi is also significant as it comes weeks ahead of bilateral talks between modi and bangladesh premier sheikh hasina here on october 5.
;;-0.7063;;according to government sources, the sensitive teesta water-sharing treaty with bangladesh might come up in the pms talks with banerjee, who had earlier told modi that she was not opposed to sharing water with bangladesh but sharing water from river teesta would adversely impact irrigation in north bengal.
;;-0.8689;;banerjee, a harsh critic of bjp and various policies of the modi government since his last term, had cancelled her visit to modis second swearing-in ceremony in the last moment, after first accepting the invitation, as bjp leaders had invited a group of victims of violence in bengal to participate at the ceremony with the purpose of showcasing breakdown of law and order in the tmc-ruled state, that irked the chief minister.
;;0.0;;the last time that modi and banerjee met was for the convocation ceremony of the vishwa bharati university, in santiniketan in may 25, 2018.
;;0.0;;reportedly, prime minister modi was on a one-day visit to maharashtra to inaugurate several projects including flagging off two trains (virtually), opening schools for tribals and launching a rail electrification project.
;;0.7964;;preeti now has a hope to resume school which she left at class ix, after prime minister modi assured her of all support.
;;0.7184;;preeti, one of the many beneficiaries of the centres flagship scheme  ayushman bharat  which was rolled out nationally by modi last year from ranchi, met the prime minister on sunday when the latter interacted with select group of beneficiaries when he visited hazaribag.
;;-0.6124;;he said prime minister modi has given clear directions to the country on saturday that there is no fight against kashmiris but that it is a fight for kashmir.
;;-0.2732;;cbi's additional director rao was given the charge of interim chief on january 10 till the appointment of a new director after a high-powered committee headed by prime minister modi removed alok kumar verma as the chief of the probe agency on charges of corruption and dereliction of duty.
;;0.8979;;suave, articulate and a super strategist, arun jaitley was the bjp's and prime minister modi modi's chief troubleshooter whose superb four-decade-long political career was cut short by health issues.
;;0.0;;jaitley, 66, who opted out of the modi 2.
;;0.0;;not just modi , he reportedly was also instrumental in bailing out amit shah during the time he was externed from gujarat.
;;0.0;;in the months preceding the formal announcement of modi as the bjp's prime ministerial candidate in 2014, jaitley worked discreetly behind the scenes to bring around rajnath singh, shivraj singh chouhan and nitin gadkari.
;;0.8658;;a lawyer by training, he was a minister in the atal bihari vajpayee government and when modi , who once described jaitley as a precious diamond, became prime minister, he was entrusted with the all-important job of finance minister -- overtaking the likes of arun shourie and subramanian swamy.
;;0.0;;with his multi-faceted experience and acumen, jaitley was the man for the modi government in its first term from 2014 to 2019.
;;-0.4939;;last year, he took a three-month break to undergo a kidney transplant and this year he was forced to travel to the us for treatment, depriving him of the opportunity to present the sixth and final budget of the modi government's first term.
;;0.8271;;while environment minister prakash javadekar once called him a super strategist, modi described him as a precious diamond at an election rally in amritsar from where jaitley contested, and lost, his first election in 2014.
;;0.0;;modi and jaitley go back a long way.
;;0.0;;he is believed to have been part of the move to oust then gujarat chief minister keshubhai patel and install modi.
;;-0.5859;;he backed modi as chief minister during the outcry over the 2002 riots in gujarat when support from other bjp leaders in delhi was not so unwavering.
;;0.0;;nagpur: prime minister modi is landing here on saturday morning and will be spending the day in maharashtra.
;;-0.8625;;for a couple of hours on friday morning there was speculation that modi may cancel the visit in the aftermath of pulwama attack that killed over 40 crpf personnel on thursday.
;;0.2023;;immediately after that, accompanied by the three, modi will take a helicopter to pandharkwada reaching there by 10.
;;0.0;;modi will then press the button to lay foundation stone of roads under central road fund.
;;0.34;;modi will then deliver his speech that could easily go on for at least half an hour.
;;0.0;;modi, rao, fadnavis and gadkari will then fly back to nagpur to take the plane for dhule.
;;-0.296;;before his public address there, modi will inaugurate lower panazara medium irrigation project, lay foundation stones for dhule water supply project and for jalgaon-manmad 3rd line, a new rail line connecting dhule and nardana.
;;0.0;;64km stretch of the janakpuri west-botanical garden corridor will be inaugurated by prime minister modi on december 25.
;;0.25;;the home minister recalled that prime minister modi , in his second term, created a separate ministry for jal shakti.
;;0.0;;the foundation for patna metro rail project was laid by prime minister modi through remote control at mokama on february 17.
;;-0.5994;;while shahid sthal metro station will be named in the memory of martyrs of sepoy mutiny in 1857, major mohit sharma rajender nagar metro station will be in the memory of a martyr in the kargil war, added maheshwarithe state governments decision to rename metro stations comes in the midst of bjp state office asking its district unit to start preparation for prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanaths visit to inaugurate the dilshad garden-new bus adda metro line.
;;-0.296;;mansingh goswami, the district president of bjp said, we have been asked to start preparation for the visit of prime minister modi and up chief minister yogi adityanath who are expected to arrive on march 8, however, the date is tentative as there is no official confirmation yet.
;;-0.6808;;panaji: stating that the closure of iron ore mining operations had brought an economic catastrophe onto goa, the congress on thursday wrote to prime minister modi , holding the bjp responsible for the current turmoil in the industry and in the states economy.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi , during a joint statement with russian president vladimir putin in the russian port city of vladivostok on wednesday, said that russia would train indian astronauts for the countrys maiden human spaceflight mission gaganyaan, scheduled for launch by 2021.
;;0.875;;an elated modi also tweeted saying he was glad that sou was emerging as a popular tourist spot.
;;-0.7506;;lucknow: prime minister modi will be taking the poll battle to amethi , the constituency of congress president rahul gandhi , during his visit this month for launching the manufacturing of ak-47 assault rifles in the korwa ordnance factory in the district.
;;0.0;;in december 2018, pm modi had visited rae bareli, the constituency of upa chairperson sonia gandhi and announced a slew of development projects.
;;0.8271;;vadodara: patidar quota stir leader hardik patel, who was in varnama on sunday evening to honour the community students , alleged that prime minister modi had given benefits to the people from his caste by giving them reservation when he was the chief minister.
;;-0.7351;;apart from lashing out modi and shah, patel criticized founder of sumandeep vidyapeeth dr mansukh shah, who is currently in jail in the cash-for-marks scam.
;;-0.4767;;srinagar: mobile internet services were suspended in srinagar on sunday ahead of prime minister modi modi's arrival here, officials said.
;;0.0772;;in eastern uttar pradesh, the highest number of 10 firs were registered in prime minister modi 's constituency - varanasi.
;;0.6705;;the idea of justice clock had come from prime minister modi who had suggested for using the electronic system to rank performance of each of the hcs and subordinate courts, create a competition among them to rank higher.
;;0.4588;;akbaruddin, who laid out the focus and priorities of prime minister modi when he arrives for the 74th un general assembly session, said a plethora of plurilateral and bilateral engagements and meetings next week highlight the examples of how india will soar higher.
;;0.6369;;sampla added that punjab cm wanted to claim credit for the corridor whereas the entire credit for this big decision went to the modi government.
;;0.6369;;he urged prime minister modi and foreign minister sushma swaraj to take up the matter with pakistan to ensure that the entry of kartarpur sahib corridor must be open for all devotees, for sikhs as well as hindus whosoever want to pay their obeisance at gurudwara sri kartarpur sahib on the occasion of celebrations of 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak dev ji.
;;0.0;;new delhi: bilateral and global issues jostled for space during an informal summit between prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin when on monday the two leaders met for almost six hours in bocharev creek in sochi finishing the meetings, which ranged from one-onones, to delegation level talks, from a ride on a yacht, to a visit to an educational centre, modi tweeted: extremely productive discussions with president putin.
;;0.0;;modi arrived in sochi monday morning and returned to delhi at night.
;;0.2023;;in a significant departure from looking at the india-russia relationship through the soviet lens, modi dated the india-putin relationship to the year 2000.
;;0.0;;the summit happened after moscow invited modi.
;;0.34;;according to the state government data, total length of highways maintained by national highways authority of india (nhai), the central agency to develop and monitor highways, increased only by 20  since 2014 when modi became the pm.
;;0.0;;jab hamari sarkar hogi tab hamsey poochna (you ask this question to prime minister modi .
;;0.4215;;at a rally in mangaluru, prime minister modi had complimented karan for the hanuman portrait that has captured the imagination of people across india.
;;-0.2263;;jaihind had on thursday written to prime minister modi demanding concrete steps to curb sexual crimes.
;;0.6249;;the membership drive had started on july 6 with prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah launching it from varanasi and telangana respectively on party ideologue syama prasad mookerjee's birth anniversary.
;;0.1531;;this story is from december 17, 2018raebareli/allahabad: prime minister modi on sunday recalled supersession of three senior sc judges who had, through the verdict in the keshavananda bharathi case in 1973, ruled that while a government can amend the fundamental rights, it cannot change the basic structure and nature of the constitution.
;;0.7753;;later, modi also cited the example of justice hr khanna who, he said, had incurred congress's displeasure for holding that right to life and personal liberty could not be suspended during emergency.
;;-0.5423;;speaking in rae bareli, modi hit out at congress, accusing it of showing disrespect to sc while making malicious attempts to put a blot on his personal image.
;;-0.3612;;some people feel embarrassed in chanting 'bharat mata ki jai', said a combative modi.
;;-0.5574;;accusing congress of getting restless because of the transparency ensured in various defence transactions during his regime, modi referred to the bofors controversy, saying: there was no quattrocchi 'mama'.
;;0.0;;once a close ally of prime minister modi , togadia fell apart with him on the temple issue.
;;0.0;;togadias outfits also circulated on social media pictures depicting modi as the ramayana character kumbhakarna who is being woken up from deep slumber.
;;-0.6249;;the entire bjp is being terrorized by modi , he said and added that discontent cannot be ruled out if the hegemony of a single person goes beyond a limit.
;;0.0;;the cops, however, seized the banner which had picture of modi depicted as a sleeping kumbhakarna.
;;0.0;;he had raised the temple issue while targeting modi.
;;0.128;;new delhi: expressing support for andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu's daylong fast, congress chief rahul gandhi on monday alleged that prime minister modi had stolen from the people of the state and given the money to industrialist anil ambani the tdp president's fast, demanding that the centre fulfil promises made during andhra pradesh's bifurcation in 2014 and alleging that the prime minister was not following 'raj dharma' by denying the state special status, became a rallying point for various opposition leaders who gathered at the venue to back him.
;;-0.0258;;mr modi , wherever he goes, he goes to andhra pradesh, he lies about special status.
;;0.4019;;in just a couple of months, opposition parties will show modi exactly what the sentiment in the country is, he said.
;;0.4019;;the report, he said, clearly shows that the anti-corruption clause was removed by modi modi.
;;-0.0516;;this united protest will send a strong message to prime minister modi and amit shah and teach them a lesson that they should not to make such a devastating statement.
;;0.34;;we will circulate the videos from friday to build the momentum for prime minister modi modi's visit on february 10 and 19 to tirupur and kanyakumari respectively.
;;-0.0516;;this story is from november 5, 2018signature bridgedownload the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal on sunday attacked prime minister modi saying that the country needs schools, hospitals and bridges to progress, not statues and temples.
;;-0.7906;;criticising the modi government for trying to delay the project, deputy cm manish sisodia said the engineers and officials associated with the project were threatened with transfers and cbi raids if the files were moved and funds allotted.
;;0.0;;senior bjp functionary and leader of opposition in bihar legislative council modi later called sinha a 'shatru (enemy)' of bjp as he was defending lalu even though bihar cm and lalu's alliance partner nitish kumar is silent on the issue.
;;0.2732;;without naming modi , he called him a 'sycophant' as well.
;;0.4215;;lalu's younger son and bihar deputy cm tejashwi yadav was also prompt in utilising the opportunity to target modi and the bjp.
;;0.4767;;backing aam aadmi party (aap) national convenor and pm modi 's bete- noire kejriwal, modi tweeted, individually i hold all political leaders, especially kejriwal, in high esteem for their credibility, struggle and commitment towards society.
;;0.0;;modi was prompt in reacting to the sharp-edged tweets of shotgun.
;;0.9274;;the patna saheb mp, known for making his party squirm with his comments, tried to show his loyalty for the party and praise for pm modi as well.
;;0.9723;;hope and pray that our dashing dynamic action hero prime minister modi and our honourable president of bjp would take notice of such unparliamentary utterances of some of our party people - that too against a senior party colleague and a staunch party loyalist, sinha tweeted.
;;0.7003;;the grand alliance functionaries utilised the opportunity to take potshots at modi and the bjp.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi today inaugurated the first phase of the rs 7,500-crore delhi-meerut expressway that will reduce the travel time considerably.
;;0.0;;modi, after inaugurating the 14-lane highway spanning sarai kale khan in delhi to up gate, rode in an open car, waving at crowds gathered on either sides of the highway.
;;0.0;;road transport and shipping minister nitin gadkari too rode in a separate open car alongside modi.
;;0.0;;modi had in december 2015 laid the foundation stone of the delhi-meerut expressway to be built at a cost of rs 7,566 crore.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi , who is leading efforts to scrap single-use plastics by 2022, is likely to announce a ban on a few items on october 2, the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.1779;;modi, in his independence day speech, had urged people to avoid using plastic bags, and technicians and entrepreneurs to look at innovative ways to recycle plastic.
;;0.0;;mysuru: two girls  both children of teachers from mysuru district  have been selected for prime minister modi 's pariksha pe charcha 2.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: prime minister modi on tuesday met his mother modi in gandhinagar on the occasion of his 69th birthday.
;;0.0;;pm modi also had lunch with his mother.
;;0.5719;;earlier in the day, pm modi , who arrived in gujarat late on monday, inaugurated the namami devi narmade mahotsav, celebrating the overflowing of the sardar sarovar dam.
;;0.0;;modi was to meet his mother early on tuesday before the sardar sarovar event but later there was a change in the schedule.
;;-0.5719;;new delhi: external affairs minister s jaishankar on tuesday denied us president donald trump's claim that prime minister modi sought his role as a mediator on kashmir even as the opposition raised the issue vociferously and demanded that the pm personally clarify the matter.
;;0.0;;however, the opposition insisted that only modi could speak on the issue which referred to a private conversation between him and trump.
;;-0.1531;;tewari said since trump had cited a conversation with modi in osaka in japan, the pm should tell the house if the statement was true or should say that trump was lying.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi will travel in an open jeep on the delhi-meerut expressway on sunday and also inaugurate india's first smart and green highway, the eastern peripheral expressway (epe), built at a cost of rs 11,000 crore, union minister nitin gadkari has said.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone of the greenfield project was laid by prime minister modi on november 5, 2015.
;;0.5994;;this story is from october 29, 2018afp phototokyo: india is going through a massive transformative phase and international agencies say the country will drive the growth of the global economy in the coming decade, prime minister modi said monday as he invited the indian community in japan to contribute actively in building a new india.
;;0.5994;;modi emphasised on the japanese contribution in creating smart infrastructure for building a new india'.
;;0.6115;;modi hailed the indian diaspora for introducing kabbadi and cricket in japan where martial art is very popular.
;;0.0;;modi also invoked the legacy of sardar vallabhbhai patel at the event.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 6, 2019prime minister modi poses for a group photograph during the 106th session of the indian science congr.
;;0.8779;;ruling telugu desam will take up protests in tirupati in the name of ' dharma portam ' where the party will play videos of prime minister modi 's speech during last elections promising that all assurances to ap will be fulfilled.
;;0.0;;the chief minister submitted a list of proposals, seeking release of funds to the tune of rs 17,350 crore, during his meeting with prime minister modi these proposals, including gst dues from the centre and allocation for local bodies among others, were the same that cm has repeatedly submitted to the centre in the past three years.
;;0.0;;paris: the first rafale aircraft will be handed over to india next month, said prime minister modi here on thursday.
;;0.7096;;we are happy that the first of the 36 rafale fighter aircraft will be handed over to india next month, said modi , during a joint interaction after his bilateral meeting with the french president emmanuel macron in september 2016, india had signed a deal with the french government and dassault aviation to acquire 36 rafale fighter jets for over euro 7.
;;0.0772;;this fact was pointed out in a letter to prime minister modi by dr d n singh, former member-secretary, central zoo authority (cza).
;;-0.4019;;patna: deputy chief minister modi on sunday said the state government would provide 5  reservation to disabled persons in admission in schools and other educational institutes, apart from setting up a separate directorate to handle their problems and implement government schemes meant for them.
;;0.1779;;gandhinagar: gujarat may become the first state to adopt prime minister modi modis new staffing model, allowing private individuals who are not ias officers, to be recruited to senior joint secretary-level posts.
;;0.6486;;to attract talent from the public and private sectors, the modi government has invited applications for 10 joint secretary posts in various ministries under its lateral entry scheme.
;;0.2732;;the meeting was attended by the heads of state/government of the 53-member countries of the commonwealth, including prime minister modi , as well as queen elizabeth ii, the head of the commonwealth, and members of the royal family, including prince charles, prince william and prince harry.
;;0.0;;a day ago, kharge sent a two-page note of dissent to prime minister modi on shuklas appointment, pointing out that the 1983-batch ips officer does not have experience of handling anti-corruption cases.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi (pti photo)      -    ,           https://t.
;;0.7783;;co/fcvmkazw89  modi (@narendramodi) 1568436102000new delhi: prime minister modi on saturday said the hindi language has beautifully incorporated simplicity, spontaneity and elegance that provide meaningfulness to expression.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: prime minister modi said on monday that the ' ujjwala yojna ', a flagship welfare scheme of his government aimed at increasing lpg cylinder coverage among poor families, has led to a social transformation with over 45 per cent of its four crore beneficiaries being dalits and tribals.
;;0.4215;;following his speech, modi also interacted with beneficiaries of the scheme.
;;0.0;;modi recalled that when he was young he had many muslim neighbours.
;;0.0;;he said that prime minister modi has already fixed a target to make india a five trillion dollar economy by 2024 - 25 and whole team in the centre is working in that direction.
;;0.6908;;coming down heavily on chief minister modi , he said that modi should have postponed celebrating the kutch rann utsav and the money thus saved should have been used for those who were rendered homeless following demolition for the srfdp.
;;0.4019;;modi is only interested in getting his photographs published in advertisement and news paper.
;;0.5719;;trudeau then joked about him being welcomed by the minister of state for agriculture gajendra shekhawat and not prime minister modi as the norm had been till trudeau landed in india.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: exit polls on thursday unanimously predicted that bjp would return to power in gujarat and rout congress in himachal pradesh while the polls disagreed on the scale of the partys victory in prime minister modi modis home state, not one suggested a close result, with the lowest forecast being 99 seats for bjp in the 182-member assembly.
;;0.1779;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday reminded people of the emergency and urged them not to take democracy for granted, saying in day-to-day life, it is difficult to savour the joy of democratic rights, unless they are snatched away.
;;0.9001;;modi was of the view that people must keep reminding themselves that democracy is gloriously great, it flows in our veins, through centuries of dedicated practice.
;;0.6705;;ranchi: governor droupadi murmu on wednesday stressed on the need to convert the century-old central institute of psychiatry (cip) at kanke, ranchi, into an institute of national importance to help it address the growing problems associated with mental health inaugurating the centenary celebrations at cip, murmu said she has apprised prime minister modi and union health minister j p nadda on the subject with a request that cip be granted all infrastructural and other support provided by the centre to national institute of mental health and neuro sciences (nimhans), bengaluru.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 25, 2018narendra modidownload the times of india news app for latest cityshimla: prime minister modi is likely to attend the celebrations of one year of chief minister jai ram thakur-led bjp government in himachal pradesh next month.
;;0.0;;new delhi: delhi police has registered a case against unidentified people for pasting posters having images of prime minister modi with the tagline the lie lama.
;;0.4019;;led by district congress chief gurpreet gogi, several councillors and the party workers shouted slogans against bjp, prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.4215;;pm modi was calm in crisis, says bear grylls read @ani story | https://t.
;;0.6486;;co/d7rtpddngm  bear grylls (@beargrylls) 1564378737000wales: prime minister modi , in the middle of a crisis, was an example of calm and cheerfulness, said the host of 'man vs wild' and adventure junkie bear grylls ahead of the premiere of his special episode with the prime minister.
;;0.0258;;it was good to be reminded that as a world leader, prime minister modi is calm in a crisis, he said.
;;0.3612;;what stood out the most about modi throughout the journey, grylls said, was the global leader's humility, as even through incessant rains, there was a big smile on his face.
;;0.0;;man vs wild with bear grylls and prime minister modi will premiere simultaneously on 12 discovery channels in india on august 12 and will be showcased in as many as 180 countries.
;;0.6486;;gandhinagar: shankersinh vaghela , who had quit the congress earlier this year and floated a new outfit, today shared the stage with top bjp leaders at vijay rupani 's swearing-in ceremony here and was greeted by prime minister modi at the event.
;;0.4019;;modi approached the two former chief ministers and was engaged in a light conversation with them.
;;0.4019;;keshubhai became the chief minister again in 1998, only to be replaced by modi in 2001 by the party leadership.
;;0.0;;when some reporters asked vaghela what did modi tell him in his ears, he said he would reveal it later.
;;-0.2263;;in 2014, after resigning as the gujarat chief minister, modi had whispered something to vaghela in the assembly.
;;0.6369;;he also praised the bjp-led nda government at the centre saying not a single family would remain without shelter by 2022 given the vision of prime minister modi to provide housing for members of all sections of the society.
;;0.5267;;naidu exhorted prime minister modi to do justice to the state.
;;0.0;;modi had compared ap to a still-born child after the bifurcation during his election campaign.
;;0.5719;;plenty of work for pm modi , xi jinping with six meetings in 24 hours xi and modi will have as many as six meetings in a span of 24 hours, including one in a boat on east lake, to discuss major bilateral and global issues from, as modi said in his departure statement, a strategic and long-term perspective and respective visions and priorities.
;;0.0258;;xi-modi meet: one-on-one meetings, a banquet and a boat ride prime minister modi is in wuhan for a two-day informal summit with chinese president xi jinping to discuss major bilateral and global matters.
;;-0.128;;yeddyurappa, instead of touring the state, should take a delegation to new delhi and demand prime minister modi to waive off all farmer loans.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , in his independence day address, had appealed to the countrymen to shun single-use plastic.
;;0.4215;;this story is from december 13, 2018prime minister modi (reuters)new delhi: lives of around 840 more children under five years of age are being saved every day, as compared to four years ago because of government-led health interventions, prime minister modi said while inaugurating a global conference on maternal and child health in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.3182;;bengaluru (isro centre): prime minister modi returned to the isro control room on saturday morning, just hours after communication with the vikram lander was lost during its final descent on the lunar surface.
;;0.5267;;while thanking the families of isro scientists for their personal sacrifices for the country's development, modi called them a sea of inspiration.
;;0.4576;;this year, the celebrations were even more special as many guests had come to delhi from other cities to attend the kirtan samagam and to see prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;modi offered prayers and sat with other guests to listen to gurbani.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: prime minister modi turned common man on thursday as he queued up to cast his vote outside the polling booth at nishan high school in ranip locality of sabarmati a little after noon.
;;0.0;;a large crowd, waiting to catch sight of modi , had gathered outside the school.
;;0.6597;;thousands of people greeted the pm upon his arrival cheering modi , modi.
;;0.0;;modi talked to a few individuals in the queue.
;;0.0;;later, modi stood on the foot-board of his car and waved to the crowd.
;;0.0;;we have been seeing pm modi since the 2004 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;pune: prime minister modi will inaugurate projects in two higher education institutions in the city on sunday.
;;0.0;;modi will digitally inaugurate a research park foundation at the savitribai phule pune university (sppu).
;;-0.2235;;to a pointed query, he said, if left to prime minister modi , he would never allow shivraj singh chouhan to become the cm of mp as modi would not want a competitor.
;;0.1032;;referring to modi , he said that modi and amit shah have only been ruling the country but have not fulfilled any of the promises they made before coming to power.
;;-0.7579;;he further said that the people of the country have been watching the tantrums of modi for the past five years but tantrums are not politics and they do not lead to development or mitigating hunger.
;;-0.3612;;all these five years, people have seen tantrums of modi.
;;-0.2732;;the manner in which he was voicing his opinion against prime minister modi and chief minister devendra fadnavis for the last almost one year, it was evident that patole was frustrated at being sidelined and not being given any responsible post.
;;0.8658;;the centre, under the guidance of prime minister modi , will help usher development in the state, biren said, adding that the state should make the best of this opportunity.
;;-0.6908;;his murder comes close on the heels of prime minister modi modis addressing the matua gathering at thakurnagar (on february 2).
;;0.8271;;up is being mentored by prime minister modi and we hope that this will encourage a up model of development like in gujarat , said project manager of hakuto co ltd , tomohisa higuchi.
;;-0.25;;later, the minister also brushed aside the objections of the bjp to the ysrc governments move to cancel contracts, saying, prime minister modi himself said chandrababu naidu used polavaram project as an atm.
;;0.0;;file photovaranasi: prime minister modi will visit his lok sabha constituency varanasi on july 6, the bjp said saturday.
;;0.4019;;the bjp official said pm modi would also address party workers at rameshwaram on the outskirts of the city, for which preparations were in full swing.
;;-0.2584;;it is only the opposition that said that prime minister modi was not giving us time to meet him.
;;-0.4215;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee wrote to prime minister modi on friday protesting against the centre's unilateral decision to merge two public sector banks headquartered in the city without consulting the state government.
;;0.0;;banerjee in her letter urged modi not to go for the bank merger, which was announced on august 30.
;;0.34;;im deeply concerned to learn that two public sector banks headquartered in kolkata are being merged with banks headquartered in delhi and chennai respectively without any consultation with the state government or with the management of these two banks, banerjee said in her letter to modi.
;;0.2732;;i strongly urge you not to merge ubi with pnb and allahabad bank with indian bank and thereby also raise the spectre of moving the headquarters of these two leading banks out of kolkata, she wrote in her letter to modi.
;;-0.0258;;he told reporters here on tuesday that prime minister modi had been determined to give a a fitting reply for the pulwama terror attack, which had been achieved with outstanding expertise by the iaf.
;;0.0;;his meeting with prime minister modi +india has long had a field day putting tariffs on american products.
;;0.0;;donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) 1562676268000levying tremendously high duties +i look forward to speaking with prime minister modi about the fact that india, for years having put very high tarif https://t.
;;0.5994;;before his meeting with modi , trump tweeted, i look forward to speaking with prime minister modi about the fact that india, for years having put very high tariffs against the united states, just recently increased the tariffs even further.
;;-0.5423;;kanyakumari: for many distraught families of fishermen who went missing under the impact of cyclone ockhi , the patient hearing given by prime minister modi provided a soothing effect.
;;-0.8126;;rebisha of chinnathurai was in tears as she told modi that all the four fishermen from her family (father, brother and two brothers-in-law) are dead or missing.
;;0.0;;modi also interacted with bjp cadres and left the district at 4 pm.
;;0.34;;as the first nepalese cricketer to play in the ipl, he had already earned a mention from prime minister modi during his visit to kathmandu last month.
;;0.0;;more power to people-to-people ties between india and nepal, the official pmo india account tweeted while referring to an excerpt from the speech where modi mentioned lamichhane.
;;0.4404;;also read | two independent karnataka mlas seek withdrawal of plea seeking instant floor test from sctop party leaders, including prime minister modi and its president amit shah, will take a call on the matter soon, he added.
;;0.25;;the chief minister is learnt to have presented a detailed plan for the implementation of dream plan of prime minister modi and issues emphasised by amit shah during his last meeting in bhopal.
;;-0.3182;;this story is from november 28, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityhyderabad: in what appears to be a major change in the bjp game plan in tackling the opposition barely five months from the 2019 general elections, prime minister modi on tuesday isolated congress as the prime target and went soft on others.
;;0.3818;;by picking on only the congress, prime minister modi sent a clear message  that we can all work together minus the congress.
;;-0.743;;while addressing local issues too, modi attacked telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao but later, focussed on the congress, saying that cm kcr is only an apprentice of the congress and that the ones who have trained him are phds (congress) and if they come to power, they will do 100 times the damage that the trs can do.
;;-0.5267;;modi strangely made no mention of tdp president n chandrababu naidu in his entire speech, despite the fact that naidu and congress chief rahul gandhi are scheduled to jointly address two public meetings in khammam and hyderabad on wednesday.
;;-0.25;;vijayawada: andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu on sunday attacked prime minister modi , saying he is a campaign pm who has failed to deliver on promises and said the bjp would definitely not come to power in 2019.
;;0.0772;;naidu said the bjp coming to power in 2019 was a distant dream and prime minister modi was a campaign pm, who gives slogans only, and has failed to deliver on promises.
;;0.6705;;naidu and his party have in the past accused prime minister modi of reneging on his election promise made in 2014 to accord special category status to andhra pradesh.
;;-0.0711;;he also said that prime minister modi does not have political wisdom like sardar patel and nehru .
;;0.0;;he said that modi is following jansangh ideology and wants to form government in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.3182;;prime minster modi wants to execute delimitation of assembly segment, increase mla seats and form government, said aimim chief.
;;-0.1027;;reacting to rajnikanth's comments on pm modi and amit shah , wherein the actor called the duo 'krishna and arjun' for abrogation of article 370, owaisi questioned who are pandavas.
;;0.3612;;if prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah are like lord krishna and arjun, then who are pandavas.
;;-0.128;;new delhi: prime minister modi on thursday said access to medicines is a big concern for the poor and his government's constant endeavour is to ensure affordable healthcare for every indian.
;;0.1027;;the defence industrial corridor, one of the two announced by prime minister modi at up investors summit in february this year, will pass through six districts, agra , aligarh, jhansi, chitrakoot, kanpur and lucknow.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had lauded the feat of these students in his weekly programme mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;she must find resources for welfare programs announced by prime minister modi modis government, including rs 87,000 crore ($12.
;;0.2732;;a surprise pick by modi , the new minister remains a relatively unknown entity to the financial world.
;;0.765;;she held a string of increasingly important roles inside the party and government, and has been viewed as a trusted associate of both modi and arun jaitley , her predecessor as finance minister.
;;-0.3818;;as finance minister, sitharaman will need to fight perceptions that modi is pulling the strings.
;;-0.34;;a recent example, in which sitharaman met some economists for a pre-budget meeting in june, only for modi to call another meeting with them a week later, presents some worrying signs, according to mohan guruswamy, a former finance ministry official.
;;0.0;;modi just wants a constitutional figurehead, said guruswamy, who is now chairman of the centre for policy alternatives, a think-tank in new delhi.
;;0.8709;;the party wants to save democracy from the clutches of prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah , so we will devote all our strength on the seats where we are certain we can defeat them, menon said.
;;-0.5927;;varanasi: every day, rajiv batwal kneads dough for chappatis in the kitchen of varanasis diesel locomotive workshop (dlw), but saturday will be a special day as hell be cooking for prime minister modi and his entourage again.
;;0.0;;batwal, 30, has cooked for modi 15 times since 2014 as the pm usually stays at the railway guesthouse when he visits his constituency.
;;0.4767;;though batwal usually makes just tea, dal and chappatis for the pm, who only eats simple food, hes proud to say that modi has requested his nenua sabzi, a local up speciality made from ridge gourd and chana, thrice.
;;0.3182;;chief minister ys jaganmohan reddy had reminded the centre of the scs promise during his two meetings with prime minister modi in the last one month.
;;0.7506;;the state government had expected the centre to be benevolent after prime minister modi received chief minister ys jaganmohan warmly during their first meeting after the elections.
;;0.4019;;jagan met modi along with a delegation of mps and chief secretary before he was sworn in as the cm and submitted a wish list.
;;0.6369;;modi had promised to give financial support for the new capital city to when he visited the state to lay the foundation stone amaravati project four years ago.
;;0.3182;;i am sure the new government under the guidance of prime minister modi will fulfil the aspirations of the people, he added.
;;-0.4215;;new delhi: condemning the government's decision to curtail the amarnath yatra, the congress on saturday demanded that prime minister modi make a statement in parliament on the current situation in jammu and kashmir and expressed apprehensions about a misadventure by the union home ministry.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi has last month commissioned the first of the six scorpene-class submarine kalvari into the indian navy and said its induction was a big step in the country's defence preparedness.
;;0.7096;;lucknow: after samajwadi party patriarch mulayam singh yadav praised prime minister modi and wished that the latter returns to power after the general elections this year, posters thanking the former uttar pradesh chief minister appeared here on wednesday.
;;0.5994;;in a surprising statement which left the opposition squirming, mulayam in the lok sabha said he wished to see prime minister modi back as prime minister of india notably, congress leader and united progressive alliance chairperson sonia gandhi was sitting next to mulayam in the lok sabha.
;;0.6249;;i want to say that all members must win and come again and modi should become the prime minister again, he said in lok sabha.
;;0.4404;;acknowledging with folded hands, prime minister modi thanked mulayam twice for his laudatory remark.
;;-0.1531;;kvic chairman vinai kumar saxena told toi that partnerships with public and private sector enterprises, aggressive marketing and a renewed push from the modi government had led to the entity more than double its sales over the last five financial years, from rs 33,135 crore in 2014-15.
;;0.6369;;mr modi has to be given credit for the growth in awareness of khadi.
;;-0.9618;;after paying tributes to the crpf jawans killed in the terrorist strike in pulwama, j&k, on february 14 and carrying lit candles as a mark of respect, top guns from the two parties and their allies launched a scathing attack on the modi government saying it had failed the nation on checking terrorism, failed farmers with hollow farm loan waiver promises and failed the youth with talk of jobs that did not exist.
;;0.0;;pawar reminded his audience that prime minister modi was close to buldhana when the last rites of the two crpf soldiers from the state were being held in that district.
;;0.4215;;co/sbrmsqkvtl  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1513222801000mumbai: prime minister modi today commissioned the ins kalvari submarine saying it will play a big part in india's defence.
;;0.4019;;pm modi also spoke of how the submarine will help india meet its global responsibilities.
;;0.0;;on the occasion, pm modi also paid tribute to all those who have defended india.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi chaired the meeting, attended by representatives of all parties, including leader.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi chaired the meeting, attended by representatives of all parties, including leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad , national conference leader farooq abdullah and tmc leader derek o'brien.
;;0.0;;shah should withdraw his suggestion and prime minister modi should intervene to put an end to the controversy.
;;0.5574;;new delhi: a meeting of the congress top brass, including sonia gandhi and party chief rahul gandhi, was held here to decide the strategy on key matters such as lok sabha speaker's election and prime minister modi modi's call to discuss the 'one nation, one election' issue.
;;0.4019;;modi has invited heads of all parties who have an mp either in lok sabha or rajya sabha.
;;0.5574;;prime minister modi , chairing an all-party meeting on the eve of the first session of the new lok sabha, invited heads of all parties to a meeting on june 19 to discuss the one nation, one election issue and other important matters.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi , defence minister rajnath singh, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, congress lawmakers adhir ranjan choudhary, k suresh, national conference leader farooq abdullah and tmc leader derek o'brien were present at the meeting.
;;0.7184;;the bjp also held its parliamentary party meet on sunday with prime minister modi assuring indians that his government will be at the forefront of facilitating legislation that manifests the spirit of sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabka vishwas.
;;0.4019;;in order to build esprit de corps, pm modi has invited presidents of all those parties who have an mp either in lok sabha or rajya sabha for a meeting on june 19.
;;0.6908;;new delhi: seeking to halt the bjp 's juggernaut led by prime minister modi , the congress is set to roll out a road map for reversing its downward electoral journey and restoring its past glory ahead of the 2019 general election.
;;0.7711;;shashi tharoor (ani photo)new delhi: facing flak from kerala congress over his statement praising prime minister modi , congress mp shashi tharoor on tuesday said he has been a strong critic of the bjp-led government and urged his partymen to respect his approach even if they don't agree with it.
;;0.6249;;i've been a strong critic of the modi government and i hope a constructive one.
;;0.8591;;according to muraleedharan those who want to praise modi should join the bjp bandwagon, while behannan said glorifying the prime minister was not the job of congressmen.
;;0.2411;;ramesh chennithala also had earlier said the wrongdoings of the modi government cannot be ignored.
;;0.4404;;if modi has done something good, we should acknowledge it.
;;0.5574;;co/9tiothsfzc  shashi tharoor (@shashitharoor) 1566544884000thiruvananthapuram: shashi tharoor , who has been in the row over his praise for pm modi , has come out against his detractors in the congress.
;;0.6249;;i've been a strong critic of the modi government, & i hope a constructive one.
;;0.4019;;tharoor also voiced support for fellow congressman jairam ramesh, who was quoted in the media as saying that we should not demonise prime minister modi all the time.
;;0.2263;;however, the state congress leaders were upset that tharoor is still sticking into his statement praising modi.
;;0.1027;;being a congress worker no one can accept the works of modi.
;;0.6124;;hence no congress worker in the state will accept those leaders who are now singing praise of modi , said mp benny behanan, who is also the udf convener.
;;0.1027;;chief minister modi modi's office had requested the then cj s j mukhopadhaya to give names of three judges so that consensus could be reached on one of the names.
;;0.5267;;the cj sent four names with modi insisting on appointing justice j r vora as lokayukta.
;;-0.4545;;the advocate general also read out letters dashed off by modi giving reasons for not wanting justice mehta as lokayukta, like his conclusion that the surat floods in 2006 were a man-made disaster.
;;0.7783;;besides, modi had reservations on the ground that a civil rights organization jan sangharsh manch had suggested justice mehta's name to be appointed in the godhra commission after the demise of justice k g shah.
;;-0.0572;;jaisalmer: prime minister modi on thursday met five collectors of backward districts in the state, and directed them to raise public awareness and focus on development despite topographical challenges.
;;0.6908;;chennai: the state police on wednesday received an alert from the intelligence bureau on a plan by protesters, aiming to make a point on the cauvery issue, to use drones to greet prime minister modi with black flags when he arrives in chennai on thursday.
;;0.836;;all major parties, except for the aiadmk, propose to unfurl black flags to make clear to modi their displeasure with the centre for delaying the formation of a supreme court-mandated cauvery board.
;;0.6124;;tamilaga vazhvurimai katchi leader velmurugan told reporters that his party members plan to send up huge black balloons and carry black flags to show their disapproval to modi.
;;-0.4497;;prime minister modi had laid the institutes foundation stone on october 4, 2017, but it took more than a year to perform its ground breaking ceremony due to delay in completion of formalities, including the transfer of required land.
;;0.4939;;minister of state for culture and tourism (independent charge), prahalad singh patel: anipanaji: union minister prahlad singh patel praised prime minister modi on thursday calling him the biggest brand ambassador of the country's tourism and culture.
;;0.7906;;referring to the decisions taken by the modi government to boost tourism, patel said his ministry's demand to reduce e-visa fees and increase the validity period of e- visas was agreed upon by the pm, giving a fillip to the tourism sector.
;;0.0;;chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh with prime minister modi at a rally in jangla.
;;-0.8225;;meanwhile, prime minister modi on tuesday night expressed anguish over the boat tragedy and prayed for the safe return of those missing.
;;0.8555;;prime minister modi will launch the 'fit india movement', a nation-wide fitness programme to motivate citizens to take up at least one fitness activity on august 29 and rijiju said fitness is key to the overall development of a country.
;;0.128;;sp spokesman rajendra chowdhary said the magenta line of the delhi metro , which was inaugurated by prime minister modi on christmas, had already been launched by the then chief minister akhilesh yadav on december 15, 2016.
;;-0.296;;he also accused the modi government at the centre of putting roadblocks in the completion of the noida segment of the metro.
;;-0.4019;;bjp mp pragya singh thakur (pti photo)new delhi: bjp working president j p nadda on monday pulled up bhopal mp pragya singh thakur for her remarks that she was not elected to the lok sabha for cleaning up toilets, comments that were seen to be mocking prime minister modi modi's 'swachh bharat' campaign.
;;-0.3818;;her comments were embarrassing for the bjp as modi has made the 'swachh bharat' (clean india) programme a centrepiece of his government's agenda.
;;-0.4114;;she was forced to apologise after the comments triggered an outrage, and modi went on to say that he would not be able to forgive her despite the apology.
;;-0.34;;if haryana cuts supply, it would create an unprecedented shortage of water in delhi and could also lead to serious law and order situation, kejriwal wrote in a letter to modi , urging him to persuade haryana to continue supplying the quota until the court settles the issue.
;;0.0;;however, final adjudication by the board could take some time, kejriwal added in his letter to modi.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: not too long ago, congress leaders rahul gandhi and sonia gandhi were the only targets in prime minister modi modis poll speeches.
;;0.0;;vishwas shetty, a political commentator who was part of the friends of bjp campaign, said modi has sharpened his attack on the coalition government for two reasons.
;;0.0;;also, modi knows that regional satraps wield more influence than rahul gandhi in karnataka and other southern states, he said.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: the indian science congress association (isca) on saturday said the postponement of the indian science congress has no relation to prime minister modi modis visit to the event which was scheduled to be held at osmania university, hyderabad, during january 3-7.
;;0.0;;the 105th isc was to be inaugurated by pm modi on the campus of the osmania university on january 3.
;;0.0;;if ramdas is given the ticket, it will blot the image of prime minister modi , and bjp national president amit shah.
;;-0.2023;;new delhi: over a month after the delhi development authority razed the capitals kathputli colony , deeming it as illegal, a seven-member delegation of residents and artists met prime minister modi on friday and urged him to grant the status of heritage artists village to the colony.
;;0.4767;;urging the pm to provide houses to all families which have stayed in kathputli colony since february 14, 2015 and issue formal identity cards to them in order to prevent a repeat of last months eviction, the colony of street performers near shadipur depot also requested modi to protect the livelihood of the locals and ensure that residents are involved in planning activities for the colony.
;;0.0;;pandey said that of the three mmts proposed on nw-i, one at ramnagar in varanasi was inaugurated by prime minister modi in november 2018 while other two are being constructed at sahibganj in jharkhand and haldia in west bengal.
;;-0.6801;;karamjit singh, a resident of gulmohar trends society , said after prime minister modi said that any kind of grievance can be submitted on the mann ki baat portal, a complaint was made there too.
;;0.8396;;prime minister modi , who has more than 42 million likes on his page, is the most popular lok sabha member and the most popular cabinet minister.
;;0.4754;;asaduddin owaisi and bhagwant mann are the other two most popular lok sabha members after modi.
;;0.0;;earlier, on march 26 this year, prime minister modi had appealed to all the citizens through his mann ki baat programme, to not use petrol or diesel-run vehicles one day in a week.
;;0.7506;;in his address to the nation, prime minister modi hailed isro's scientists saying that they live for the country and irrespective of setbacks, the country's resolve to reach the moon has strengthened more.
;;0.6249;;new delhi: prime minister modi asked nda leaders to works towards creating an environment in favour of holding simultaneous lok sabha and assembly polls , a bjp ally said after a meeting of the ruling alliance.
;;0.0;;the bjp-led nda also passed a resolution hailing modi for his speech in the world economic forum in davos and the presence of heads of ten asean countries as chief guests at the republic day parade, sources said.
;;0.4019;;the bjp parliamentary party executive also gave a standing ovation to modi for his davos speech and the presence of the asean leaders.
;;0.0;;modi spoke about the need for lawmakers to attend meetings of the parliamentary panels.
;;0.3612;;modi underlined the importance of the budget session, which started today, and said key issues would be taken up.
;;0.0;;finance minister arun jaitley also tabled economic survey and is scheduled to present the union budget, the last full budget of the modi government, on february 1.
;;0.4019;;manali: chief minister jai ram thakur has said that on his recent trip to delhi, prime minister modi expressed his wish to visit lahaul-spiti via rohtang tunnel.
;;0.7506;;prime minister modi (photo: ani)new delhi: prime minister modi congratulated india's first full-time female finance minister nirmala sitharaman and her team for a citizen friendly, development friendly, and future oriented budget.
;;-0.1531;;thiruvananthapuram: prime minister modi will undertake a whirlwind tour of the areas affected by cyclone ockhi on tuesday.
;;-0.0516;;modi will return to the state capital in the evening and leave for new delhi on tuesday itself.
;;-0.7269;;also, mp shashi tharoor has written a letter to modi seeking an inquiry into imds delay in issuing the cyclone warning he wrote that while ockhi hit coastal kerala on november 29, the warning was issued on the next day.
;;0.7003;;houston: us president donald trump on sunday greeted 'happy birthday' to prime minister modi who turned 69 last week.
;;0.0;;modi turned 69 on september 17.
;;0.4019;;he praised modi for doing exceptional job in india and said over 60 million people participated in the general polls in india and voted overwhelmingly for him.
;;0.7964;;lucknow: hours before prime minister modi released a postage stamp honouring 11th century king suheldev, bjp ally suheldev bharatiya samaj party ( sbsp ) chief and cabinet minister om prakash rajbhar triggered a fresh controversy on saturday by saying that the stamp does not mention rajbhar as suheldevs surname.
;;0.0;;commenting on opposition leader and ysrcp chief jagan's meeting with prime minister modi , the mp said it would not have any impact on the tdp.
;;0.2472;;new delhi, jan 25 () an rss affiliate on friday wrote to prime minister modi , urging him to not buckle under pressure from the united states to defer the implementation of e-commerce norms as it will harm the interest of small entrepreneurs and shopkeepers.
;;-0.25;;seeking direct intervention of modi in the matter, swadeshi jagran manch (sjm) co-convener ashwani mahajan in the letter said the delay in the implementation of these guidelines will benefit two multi-national companies, amazon and walmart, who made their entries by allegedly violating and circumventing the law and stated policies.
;;-0.6369;;thiruvananthapuram: the believers under the latin community and the catholic council will stage a protest before raj bhavan on monday seeking a visit by prime minister modi to the cyclone-hit areas and also demanding a central package for the rehabilitation of the fishermen who have lost their source of living in the cyclone.
;;0.5423;;several diplomats and dignitaries including prime minister modi , defence minister rajnath singh , and opposition leader like ncp chief sharad pawar were in attendance.
;;0.0;;surjewala said it was prime minister modi who has been seen in the company of facebook chairperson mark zuckerberg.
;;0.765;;agra: prime minister modi has assured chairman of the national commission for scheduled castes ram shankar katheria , that the union government will take all possible steps to safeguard interests of the sc/st community that is feeling aggrieved by the apex court's decision on the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act.
;;0.0;;katheria met modi on tuesday.
;;0.8555;;director (student and youth welfare) sanjay kumar sinha outlined the significance of youth parliament, a brainchild of prime minister modi , in national development and hoped such festivals would go a long way in strengthening democratic institutions in the country.
;;0.0516;;kanna asked the cm to tender apology for making derogatory comments against modi.
;;0.0;;the supply of cng began at two petrol pumps  on bypass road and rukanpura  in patna, two days after the inauguration of the city gas distribution (cgd) system by prime minister modi in begusarai on 17th february.
;;0.4588;;guwahati: elaborate traffic arrangements have been put in place by the city traffic police in view of prime minister modi modi's scheduled visit here on friday to attend the grand celebration of the state government's first year in office.
;;0.0;;rohtak: prime minister modi on sunday urged the people to use water judiciously keeping in mind the betterment of the future generation.
;;-0.802;;by anibengaluru: a day after the congress party blamed prime minister modi for the current political crisis in karnataka, bjp leader and union minister prahlad joshi on sunday termed the allegations utter nonsense and said that former chief minister siddaramaiah is plotting the drama.
;;-0.6597;;when asked about congress blaming modi for the resignations their coalition's 11 mlas, the parliamentary affairs minister said, it is utter nonsense of the congress party.
;;-0.0516;;also read| dk shivakumar meets deve gowda, congress reaches out to rebel party mlas in mumbaiattacking modi , congress communications chief randeep singh surjewala had tweeted, 'aaya ram, gaya ram' have attained a new meaning - mischievously orchestrated defections in india (modi).
;;0.1027;;kanpur: the countrys first semi-high speed t-18 express, later named vande bharat , flagged off by prime minister modi on friday from new delhi, reached the kanpur central railway station 58 minutes late on sunday.
;;0.0;;the train will run on a stretch between the national capital and varanasi, the parliamentary constituency of pm modi via kanpur and allahabad.
;;0.8442;;prime minister modi during a call-on by chief minister of himachal pradesh jai ram thakur: ptishimla: the himachal pradesh government has got positive response from the business community of germany and netherlands as they showed keen interest to invest in the state, chief minister jai ram thakur said.
;;0.0;;before proceeding on his foreign visit, he had called on prime minister modi and invited him for the two-day global investors' meet from november 7 in dharamshala.
;;-0.6908;;new delhi: accusing the bjp of promoting a cult of violence, cpm general secretary sitaram yechury on thursday slammed the ruling party leaders for dismissing the concerns expressed by 49 eminent people in a letter to prime minister modi over mob violence and incidents of lynching.
;;0.8519;;but union minister giriraj singh dismissed the concerns and said the award wapsi gang has become active again to destabilise the modi government.
;;-0.5423;;conniving with modi , chief minister edappadi k palaniswami and deputy chief minister o pannerselvam are betraying tamil nadu.
;;0.0;;he also flayed modi for visiting chennai as though tamil nadu is not an integral part of india.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was present in the house.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister modi , who is in spain as part of his visit to europe, condemned the attack.
;;0.128;;it was launched on the sidelines of the un climate change conference during the prime minister modi modis visit to paris in november 2015.
;;0.2732;;shah also told the gathering that prime minister modi had increased goas allocation under the 14th finance commission by rs 10,000 crore from what was allocated to the state under the previous government.
;;0.0;;the bjp president also said that the national health insurance scheme announced by modi was framed taking a cue from the deendayal swasthya suraksha yojana introduced in goa under parrikar.
;;0.3612;;new delhi, feb 27 () pitching for foreign investments, prime minister modi today said india is one of the most open economies in the world and is ready to do business with the world.
;;-0.5859;;mapusa: taking a dig at the congress for calling may 26 as betrayal day, former chief minister laxmikant parsekar said that the sum total contribution of the congress (centre) towards goas development during their 48-year rule will be far less than the contribution of prime minister modi during the past four years.
;;0.0;;during his four years, modi has allotted rs 30,000 core for various major developmental works in the state, parsekar said.
;;-0.6066;;tnn he further said that chief minister modi has never given any importance to the villages or the panchayat, but now when he is realizing that he was losing grounds just before the elections, he had decided to organize panchayat mahaparishad.
;;-0.25;;kushwaha has taken affront to the remark, claiming that nitish kumar, who is his erstwhile mentor, had in effect called him a lowly person and had taunted him for having joined hands with the bjp again, after taking umbrage over prime minister modi modi's caustic remark about his political dna during the 2015 assembly election.
;;-0.1326;;gandhinagar: congresssman paresh dhanani , leader of opposition (lop) in the state assembly, listing more than a hundred major issues affecting gujarat that are pending with the government of india, in the assembly said that prime minister modi has not resolved most of the issues that he officially raised with the upa government as chief minister of gujarat.
;;-0.4041;;most of the issues which modi had representations on as cm have not been resolved and the state bjp government has completely stopped raising them, which shows their solely political motives only.
;;0.1027;;nitin patel, the deputy chief minister, responding to dhananis allegations, said, 100  credit for completion of the sardar sarovar narmada dam goes to pm modi as the congress tried to stop the project for years.
;;0.8555;;prime minister modi will launch the 'fit india movement', a nation-wide fitness programme to motivate citizens to take up at least one fitness activity on august 29 and rijiju said fitness is key to the overall development of a country.
;;0.0772;;the amendment, passed by union cabinet chaired by prime minister modi , has brought down the specified value of disputes to 3 lakh.
;;0.7717;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday said his four-nation tour of germany, spain, russia and france beginning tomorrow is aimed at boosting india's economic engagement with these nations and inviting more investment.
;;0.4767;;in berlin, modi and merkel will also interact with top business leaders of both the countries to further strengthen the trade and investment ties.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, modi will travel to spain for an official visit, the first by an indian prime minister in almost three decades.
;;-0.7506;;#watch: on being asked if a conspiracy to defeat pm modi in elections was made in pakistan, farooq abdullah says, ' https://t.
;;0.1027;;the former janmmu and kashmir chief minister's unequivocal defence of pakistan came when he was asked for his take on a controversy that erupted after prime minister modi alleged that his predecessor manmohan singh and senior congress leader mani shankar aiyar had met with pakistani officials over dinner and conspired to influence the state assembly elections.
;;0.6249;;scoffing at the pm's charge, abdullah said that modi had gone to pakistan for a meal when he paid a surprise visit to lahore and attended former prime minister nawaz sharif 's grand daughter's wedding ceremony.
;;0.0;;did the pakistanis conspire against pm modi back then, abdullah pointedly enquired.
;;0.7506;;he also observed that the party could have won in gujarat if it weren't for some untimely remarks made by a congress leader, in what can be construed as a reference to mani shankar aiyar's neech comment against pm modi.
;;0.0;;this is the first meeting of these mps with the ministry after the modi 2.
;;0.0;;he said the development of north eastern region (doner) is the only region-based ministry in the government and in the past five years it has given due priority to the development of this region under the leadership of prime minister modi , the statement said.
;;-0.5994;;madurai: members of various outfits opposing 10  reservation for economically weaker sections in general category took part in a black flag protest on sunday as prime minister modi modis arrived here to lay the foundation stone of all india institutes of medical sciences (aiim).
;;-0.2263;;the protesters released black balloons around the time modi landed here.
;;0.0;;modi arrived here around 11.
;;0.0258;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh had said that he will lead a delegation of ravidas community members to meet prime minister modi , seeking his intervention in the matter.
;;0.128;;launched in may 2016 by prime minister modi , pmuy has provided six crore lpg connections, of which 34 lakh are from maharashtra.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi had promised rs 2,100 crore grant for surat, but nothing has come to the city so far, he said.
;;0.2023;;co/uaryrx7yva  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1516646759000prime minister modi on monday hosted a round-table meeting with ceos of top global companies in davos.
;;0.4019;;pm modi hosted the welcome reception for international elite, who gathered to discuss the challenges confronting the global economy.
;;0.743;;athawale said patel should stop supporting congress and instead back prime minister modi and bjp to ensure that the benefits of reservation reached his community.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday called for a bipartisan approach to the functioning of parliamentary committees, saying they could help develop consensus on issues that went beyond political score settling.
;;0.0;;when it was pm modi modis turn to speak during the pre-budget meeting of political leaders, he noted that since cpis d raja had expressed his views just before him, it was the turn of praja (citizens) to speak after raja.
;;0.0;;chaudhary congratulated the railway officials for their initiative to open the e-toilet under prime minister modi 's swachh bharat mission, which aims to eradicate open-defection.
;;-0.128;;bengaluru: as many as 300 research scholars at the indian institute of science ( iisc ) bangalore on thursday wrote postcards to prime minister modi highlighting their demand for a hike in stipend.
;;0.6369;;session of the sco summit +qingdao: prime minister modi said today that connectivity with the neighbourhood and in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) region is india's priority as he stressed that his country was committed to extend full cooperation to a successful outcome of the summit.
;;0.7845;;speaking at the restricted, prime minister modi also floated the concept of secure: 's' for security for citizens, 'e' for economic development, 'c' for connectivity in the region, 'u' for unity, 'r' for respect of sovereignty and integrity, and 'e for environment protection.
;;0.765;;it is for the first time the indian prime minister is attending the sco summit after india along with pakistan became full-fledged members of the grouping, jointly dominated by china and russia, which has been increasingly seen as a counter to nato modi said india is committed to extend full cooperation to a successful outcome of the summit.
;;0.0;;besides modi , other leaders attending the summit include chinese president xi, russian president vladimir putin, iranian president hassan rouhani and pakistan president mamnoon hussain the sco was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan .
;;0.3818;;i think that is being helped with prime minister modi modi's dynamism and his push for india and africa partnership , said adesina ahead of afdb 52nd annual general meeting to be held from may 22 to may 26 at mahatma mandir in gandhinagar.
;;0.25;;some opposition politicians on wednesday slammed the indian national cricket team's new orange jerseys, accusing prime minister modi modi's bharatiya janata party of pushing its trademark saffron hue on the team.
;;0.4019;;she had recently met cpm state secretary modi and saji cherian sought her support.
;;0.0;;kodiyeri modi , ldf candidate saji cherian, ldf leaders, mp veerendra kumar, r balakrishna pillai, ck nanu, kadannappally ramachandran and others were present at the function.
;;0.1779;;thiruvananthapuram: the lokayukta on monday directed bjp leader an radhakrishnan to obtain the statement of assets of cpm state secretary modi from the office of governor p sathasivam through rti act.
;;0.3818;;nripendra misra (file photo)new delhi: nripendra misra , principal secretary to prime minister modi , has stepped down and will be relieved from his responsibilities in two weeks.
;;0.3612;;in a statement, misra said it was a privilege for him to serve india under modi.
;;0.2732;;the last hit came from prime minister modi in his public meeting at nilgiri grounds in limbayat, where he managed to appease the large section of migrant voters through his charisma.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will visit karnataka in the first week of may and his tour programme is being chalked out, he added.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who belongs to backward caste, gave 10  reservation to the upper caste.
;;0.0;;he added that he has already submitted a letter to prime minister modi stating that the state unit opposes the move.
;;0.0;;he also said that prime minister modi 's slogan of 'beti bachao, beti padhao' does not have any substance in it.
;;0.5267;;most bjp leaders claimed the retaliation as the courageous work of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6486;;appearing on behalf of the government, advocate general kamal trivedi argued that the consultation process between the governor, council of ministers headed by chief minister modi and gujarat high court chief justice (cj) was not over and the appointment of justice mehta was done in haste on august 25.
;;0.3818;;trivedi said that the cj in a letter to modi on august 2 had said that mehta was a man of high repute and integrity and it cannot be said that he was associated with one or the other ngo as there was nothing to suggest that he is a member of any ngo, while recommending his name for lokayukta.
;;0.4767;;gandhinagar: prime minister modi as the gujarat chief minister in 2012 had formed an ambitious gujarat water regulatory authority (gwra) with an aim to improving management of water resources in the state, but the state government, it seems, has put the idea in the cold storage.
;;0.0;;following the pmo's directive, the town panchayat immediately conducted a survey of the particular road, which the resident had mentioned in his letter to modi , sent on march 17, 2017.
;;0.0;;it was a young engineer s sagar, who had written to prime minister modi , requesting to develop the road between kondana -madooru junction and sri sai baba mandira in the town panchayat.
;;0.1531;;the process of tenders is complete, and now the work of developing the road has begun, he said, thanking prime minister modi for responding to his letter.
;;-0.4767;;uddhav dared chief minister devendra fadnavis to an open debate on crucial issues facing the state launching a blistering attack on modi , thackeray said the pm spends more time abroad than in india.
;;0.0;;listing out developmental projects and schemes rolled out by the modi government, adityanath said that the country can develop only under prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;pmane convener s p udayakumar said that they had organized a public meeting to talk on these subjects at palayamkottai in tirunelveli district on march 1, the day prime minister modi would take part in a government event and also address a public meeting in kanyakumari district.
;;0.8402;;riding on the popularity of prime minister modi , sakshi maharaj says he is confident of a repeat of 2014 as he claims the support of nearly five lakh lodhs, a caste he belongs to.
;;-0.2023;;gujarat files, that became a bestseller due to its explosive content about the alleged role of then chief minister modi and bjp strongman amit shah, is about how ayyub, accompanied by a french assistant, pieces together what happened during the riots by coaxing top bureaucrats and police who had worked in gujarat between 2001 and 2010 to confide.
;;-0.0516;;if there is a single incorrect fact, modi or shah could have dragged me to court.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister modi will make his maiden appearance at davos , the alpine ski resort where the worlds top ceos and a large number of heads of government gather for the annual meeting of the world economic forum in january.
;;0.3612;;modi will be the first indian pm to attend the meet in over two decades but officials said, it will be the first time that an indian prime minister will be the treated like the chief guest with the country expected to dominate the show, where nearly a hundred indian corporate chiefs and policymakers will be present.
;;-0.1779;;typically, indian pms have avoided the event as it clashes with the republic day celebrations but modi has decided to pack his already hectic january calendar with a trip to switzerland with the event scheduled for january 23-26.
;;0.4588;;amid the uncertainty mainstream political parties in the valley sought clarity from the centre on the issue and national conference president farooq abdullah asked for an appointment with prime minister modi .
;;-0.4019;;thiruvananthapuram: chief minister pinarayi vijayan has written a letter to prime minister modi thanking him for the support extended by the centre during ockhi cyclone tragedy.
;;0.0;;she later addressed a public rally at ram leela ground and took part in a live telecast of prime minister modi modis main bhi chowkidar programme.
;;0.5972;;i am neither alone this time, nor scared of azam khan because prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah are both standing with me, prada said, adding that during the lok sabha elections in 2009, even though i was the sp candidate, party leaders akhilesh yadav and mulayam singh yadav never supported me.
;;-0.1531;;this story is from october 31, 2018kevadiya (gujarat): prime minister modi on wednesday inaugurated an imposing 182-metre statue of sardar vallabhai patel, the world's tallest, and said it will serve as a reminder about his courage to thwart conspiracy to disintegrate india.
;;0.0;;the monument was conceptualised by modi during his tenure as gujarat chief minister and he had laid the foundation stone for it in 2013.
;;0.0;;modi described the 'statue of unity' as a symbol of the country's engineering and technical capabilities.
;;0.4215;;modi also suggested the gujarat government to set up a virtual museum, near the statue, in the memory of all the erstwhile royals who had given up their states for a united india.
;;0.0516;;in his speech, modi stressed that the statue would generate immense employment opportunities for the local tribals living near the dam in narmada district.
;;0.0;;modi had initially envisioned building of the statue by carving out a large rock near the dam.
;;0.0;;thus, i changed my idea and came up with this thought(of building statue using concrete, steel and bronze) said modi.
;;0.0;;after his speech, modi walked upto the base of the statue and offered floral tributes to sardar patel.
;;0.2023;;* the andhra pradesh chief minister launched a tirade against the bjp-led central government, alleging prime minister modi was not following 'raj dharma' by denying the state special status .
;;0.25;;* the party has been accusing the modi government of not releasing enough funds for the polavaram irrigation project, the kadapa steel plant and amravati, the under-construction ultra-modern state capital.
;;0.128;;* on sunday, taking exception to pm modi addressing him as father of lokesh at a rally in guntur, the andhra pradesh chief mnister launched a counter-offensive by dragging his wife into the row.
;;0.4767;;do you have any respect in the family system, naidu asked modi.
;;0.0;;* taking a swipe at naidu and his son lokesh, modi described the tdp rule in the state as father-son government.
;;0.0;;he said people had voted for prime minister modi , thinking he would bring a change in the condition of backward classes as he himself belong to that section, but he did nothing.
;;0.872;;while the sabre award for 'best government communications campaign in asia-pacific' was given in singapore on november 3, a team of senior apco executives met chief minister modi on thursday to share the trophy.
;;0.4939;;dc phulia said prime minister modi and chief minister manohar lal khattar have worked for the water conservation campaign to save water and rain water in the country and the state.
;;0.8481;;5s practices ( japances management techniques ) in the industry by its employees as well as in the society by its citizens, strengthens the swachh bharat and zed (zero effect and zero defect) in msme segment, the two major initiatives of our prime minister mr modi , said sri ravindra kalur , promoter, m/s sai japanese management center of excellence.
;;0.4767;;nagpur: reacting to prime minister modi modis statement that ancan happen only after the legal process is over, rss chief mohan bhagwat said irrespective of what the pm says, my stance is clear on the issue.
;;-0.6931;;this explains why despite supreme courts orders former congress president sonia gandhi, former prime minister dr manmohan singh and then finance minister p chidambaram dragged their feet on the formation of sit, one of the first decisions taken by the present nda government headed by prime minister modi to fight black money, he added.
;;0.6597;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal skipped the all-party meeting called by prime minister modi on wednesday and sent party member raghav chadha to represent the party.
;;0.4019;;modi had invited heads of all parties who have an mp either in lok sabha or rajya sabha for a meeting on june 19 to discuss several issues, including the one nation, one election idea, celebration of the 75 years of independence in 2022 and 150 years of mahatma gandhi 's birth anniversary this year.
;;0.4019;;the opposition parties are not able to digest the fact that prime minister modi , being a hindu, is thinking for muslims, lekhi said.
;;0.0;;one of the major highlights of their performance was being invited to perform at the olympic park during prime minister modi modi's maiden visit to sydney in 2014.
;;-0.1531;;several such pakistani women had held a protest demonstration here last month and appealed to prime minister modi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan to provide them travel documents or even spouse papers so that they can go to pakistan and come back to j&k.
;;0.0;;toiba sought the intervention of pm modi , external affairs minister s jaishankar, j&k governor sp malik and pakistani premier imran khan to end their plight.
;;0.3818;;i want to ask prime minister modi , what happened to the promise of full statehood that you made before the assembly elections?
;;-0.5859;;it was an unfortunate incident, but the question is that since prime minister modi had laid the foundation stone for the memorial, there was no need for a team of government officials and scribes to visit the spot again.
;;-0.6705;;the congress partys aggressive posters to counter the prime minister modi ignited a poster war in the city, as the bjps city unit also began placing posters right next to the their rivals billboards and posters.
;;0.4019;;the congress party workers in large numbers gathered outside the eds regional office in the city and raised slogans against the prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5574;;raipur: opposition congress on saturday squarely blamed prime minister modi for 'squandering' the 2014 mandate, saying that it is a total betrayal of public trust that was reposed on him four years back.
;;-0.296;;prime minister modi is all talk and no show.
;;-0.9259;;accusing the modi government of having failed on multiple fronts, the congress leader said that the bjp government had betrayed the dalits and tribals and the situation has become so bad that even bjp's own members of parliament are describing the government as anti-dalit.
;;-0.3182;;punia said that the modi government is also systematically and deliberately weakening democratic institutions in the country, including the judiciary and media.
;;0.0;;modi only knows marketing, not governance, punia alleged.
;;0.6249;;gurugram: bjp has decided to organise a jan vikas rally on november 19 when prime minister modi visits the city for the inauguration of the kundli-manesar-palwal expressway several senior bjp functionaries met in the city on saturday to discuss the event as the party plans to highlight the completion of the long-delayed expressway as a major achievement going into election year.
;;-0.3182;;before making the announcement, sivan got up from his seat and briefed prime minister modi , who came to visit the moon landing to the isro centre, about the communication loss.
;;0.0;;soon after the isro chief's announcement, modi consoled sivan and other senior scientists and said,what you all scientists did was not small.
;;-0.3182;;it was in 2014 that bjp, under the prime minister modi , that congress lost valsad.
;;0.0;;jaitley opted out of modi 2.
;;0.0;;the veteran bjp leader served as the finance minister in prime minister modi modi's previous cabinet from 2014 to 2018.
;;0.25;;madurai: prime minister modi on sunday laid the foundation stone of all india institutes of medical sciences (aiims) here and said aiims in delhi has created a brand name in healthcare.
;;0.5994;;modi also inaugurated super specialty sections in medical colleges in madurai, thanjavur and tirunelveli.
;;0.0;;new delhi: union culture and tourism minister prahlad patel was one of the first bidders as the e-auction for the gifts received by prime minister modi opened on saturday.
;;0.0;;according to a rashtrapathi bhavan press release, the president directed that the work of the ministry of civil aviation be looked after by prime minister modi .
;;-0.296;;the tdp ministers had submitted their resignations to pm modi on thursday which were forward to the president.
;;0.8779;;new delhi: the bjp on monday said the poll trends in its favour indicated that prime minister modi 's popularity was intact in his home state gujarat and it was on its way to form government with a comfortable majority.
;;0.0;;however, neither prime minister modi nor bjp chief amit shah did anything for our community, sahni said.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: prime minister modi is likely to host in gujarat israel pm benjamin netanyahu and an israeli delegation during uttarayan on january 13-14 next year.
;;-0.0516;;dignitaries received by modi in gujarat earlier include chinese president xi jinping; japanese pm shinzo abe; former us secretary of state john kerry; and united nations secretary-general ban ki moon.
;;0.0;;modi has also received presidents and prime ministers of several developing countries and diplomatic representatives from more than 100 countries during uttarayan in gujarat.
;;0.0;;though the itinerary of pm modi and the israel pm has not been received by the gujarat government but the ministry of external affairs has given instructions for a tentative twoday tour plan for the israel pm in gujarat.
;;0.6249;;pm modi had visited israel this year during july and was warmly welcomed.
;;0.6249;;modi and netanyahu are likely to go to gir forest to see the lions, and also visit an agriculture centre of excellence in kutch.
;;0.3612;;patna: prime minister modi on tuesday asked bihar deputy cm modi whether his sons marriage was sloemnised peacefully or not as rjd chief lalu prasads son tej pratap yadav had threatened to create nuisance during the ceremony.
;;0.0;;tej pratap, in a public meeting in aurangabad district in bihar on november 22, had said: ive been invited by (sushil) modi to attend his sons wedding.
;;0.0;;incidentally, pm modi had called tej pratap kishan kanahiya during his patna visit on january 5 to participate in the main event of prakashotsava, the 350th birth anniversary of guru gobind singh.
;;-0.4404;;responding to questions on the economy, slowdown and unemployment at a press conference to mark 100 days of the modi government, he said world over, there is a slowdown which also impacts markets here and people's behaviour changes.
;;0.0;;the nda government led by prime minister modi has completed 100 days after coming to power for a second consecutive term with a massive mandate.
;;-0.296;;taking a dig at the modi government, gandhi also congratulated it on 100 days of no development.
;;0.0;;co/dy09dx7ozg  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566743033000france: prime minister modi arrives in biarritz for the #g7summit.
;;0.0;;co/dqqpdkqiou  ani (@ani) 1566742727000biarritz: prime minister modi on sunday arrived in france to attend the g7 summit where he will speak on burning global issues of environment, climate and digital transformation and also meet the world leaders.
;;0.0;;pm modi arrived here from manama after concluding his three-nation tour to france, the uae and bahrain where he offered prayers at the shreenathji temple, the oldest temple in the gulf region.
;;0.4588;;on the sidelines of the g7 summit, pm modi and us president donald trump are likely to discuss the situation in kashmir, trade issues and other topics of mutual interest.
;;0.3612;;earlier this week in washington, trump said that he would discuss with prime minister modi the situation in kashmir and help ease the indo-pak tensions when they meet at the g7 summit in france this weekend.
;;-0.6597;;madurai the manmohan singh government weakened the lokpal and lok ayukta while the modi government made it even worse for these anti-corruption bodies, alleged social activist anna hazare here on saturday.
;;-0.5448;;prime minister modi had not fulfilled the promises he made when he first walked into the parliament, he said.
;;0.0;;he contested against former ipl commissioner modi and became president of the rca for the first time in 2009.
;;-0.4767;;again in 2017, joshi defeated lalit modi modi in the rca election.
;;-0.2023;;joshi courted controversy in the recent assembly elections with a controversial statement on bjp leaders, including prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;in a video which went viral, the congress leader was seen slamming modi , uma bharti and sadhvi rithambara for speaking about hinduism and ram temple in ayodhya.
;;0.2263;;cuttack: prime minister modi on saturday launched his campaign for the 2019 lok sabha polls, saying his government has displayed intent and resolve in taking big decisions while slamming congress as a family first party that privileges power and turned a blind eye to scams totalling lakhs of crores.
;;-0.5994;;modi attacked congress president rahul gandhi as naamdar (born to privilege), while the pm said in his childhood he did not even have a spoon, forget a golden one.
;;0.2023;;bhubaneswar: an assembly panel led by speaker p k amat on friday decided to seek appointment of prime minister modi once again demanding hike in the minimum support price (msp) of paddy.
;;0.0;;in december 2016, prime minister modi laid the foundation stone for the project.
;;0.128;;co/wvutgonwq8  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) 1523171387000new delhi: telugu desam party (tdp) parliamentarians were today detained by police when they tried to protest near prime minister modi 's residence at 7 lok kalyan marg here demanding special category status for andhra pradesh the decision to protest was taken after the party mps held meeting at rajya sabha member and former union minister y s chowdary's residence in the morning to decide future course of action.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi arrived at the palam airport here, early wednesday morning, after attending the plenary session of the 48th world economic forum ( wef ) in davos chairman of wef, klaus schwab hosted the session, where prime minister modi showcased 'new india' to the global chief executives.
;;0.0;;gujarat cm vijay rupani at the state's independence day function in chhota udepurahmedabad: gujarat chief minister vijay rupani on thursday said that while mahatma gandhi and sardar vallabhbhai patel gave 'swaraj' (independence) to the country, prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah gave 'purna swaraj ' ( complete independence ) to india.
;;0.4019;;he was referring to the modi government's move of abrogating article 370, which gave special status to jammu and kashmir, and dividing the state into two union territories.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: with the lok sabha elections only a few months away, prime minister modi is scheduled to address a series of public meetings and inaugurate several projects in his home state before announcement of poll dates.
;;0.0;;panaji: union minister for road transport nitin gadkari is likely to inaugurate the third mandovi bridge instead of prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;in 2017, chief minister manohar parrikar had invited modi to inaugurate the bridge.
;;-0.2732;;chennai: as protests continue to roil tamil nadu on various issues like the inter-state cauvery water dispute, the neutrino project in theni district and sterlite factory in tuticorin, governor banwarilal purohit on tuesday called on prime minister modi at the latters office in parliament house to brief him about the law and order situation.
;;0.1779;;the meeting with modi lasted nearly 15 minutes and the discussions focused on the various protests in tamil nadu, said an official.
;;0.0;;soon after the meeting with modi , the governor met singh and discussed the law and order situation in the state.
;;0.0;;in early june, we will have another summit with prime minister modi in st. petersburg.
;;0.2732;;russia is committed to long-term participation in the make in india program initiated by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4404;;he sent the indian flag and the map to prime minister modi as a gift for scrapping article 370 and 35 a.speaking to tnie, ramesh said that he had made the indian flag with 70 milligrams of gold, while he used only 40 milligrams for making the india map.
;;0.8271;;we think prime minister modi has a great impact on the nations youth and we are confident his message has reached the youngsters.
;;0.6925;;ani photonew delhi: prime minister modi on monday said an active opposition is important in a parliamentary democracy and they need not bother about their numbers but speak actively and participate in house proceedings.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister modi was one of the first to offer condolences for the loss of the 60-year-old who had been the architect of bjps resurrection in madhya pradesh since 2003.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi will flag off the countrys first high-powered electric locomotive assembled in madhepura in bihar on tuesday.
;;0.1027;;the bill which was cleared by the union cabinet chaired by the prime minister modi on march 7, received the presidents accord on may 3.
;;0.4019;;the ruling party, on its part, had roped in senior leaders, including prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah, to counter the general perception, saying it was a lie spread by the opposition.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi has announced roll out of several initiatives to get rid of single use plastic (sup) and the government has shared a detailed action plan for all ministries to achieve this goal.
;;0.1779;;prime minister modi is doing everything against the spirit of the constitution.
;;-0.5574;;modi and company are destroying the country.
;;0.7845;;prime minister modi and the nda government must be applauded for having firmly put an end to this undemocratic practice instead of merely nibbling away at vip quotas, which is a way of ensuring they can be reinstated later.
;;0.128;;peru is a founder member of the international solar alliance which was launched by prime minister modi at the 2015 un climate change conference in paris.
;;0.3612;;hubballi: the co-ordination committee chairman of the coalition government siddaramaiah reacted sharply to the statement by prime minister modi that chief minister h d kumaraswamy was functioning like a clerk and not as a chief minister of the state because of congress intervention.
;;0.2732;;pm modi is trying to create differences between jd(s) and congress by making such statements, he said.
;;0.0;;modi should concentrate on his work.
;;0.6124;;our partnership with bangladesh remains an example what neighbours can do together, he said, adding that prime minister modi is determined to ensure partnership remains a role model in south asia.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is likely to lay the foundation stone of the project in february next year.
;;0.0;;joshi and shettar visited kims in the wake of prime minister modi touring hubballi on february 10 to launch an election campaign in karnataka.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and chief minister shivraj singh chouhan have addressed rallies in the constituency.
;;0.0;;tandon points a lot has been done in vidisha, including building ring road, parks, auditorium and lot more would be done in leadership of shivraj singh chouhan and prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5267;;new delhi: a delegation of senior bjp leaders, including three cabinet ministers, called on the election commission of india on thursday to refute congress allegations that prime minister modi violated the model code of conduct after casting his vote in ahmedabad.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday said that centre was taking initiatives to develop infrastructure for buddhist tourism in an attempt to connect southeast asia to the important buddhist sites in the country.
;;0.1655;;prime minister modi 's call to save cows from plastic two years ago had spurred local authorities but littering of plastic waste and cattle feeding on garbage, including plastic, in cities is a common sight and plastic pollution can be seen even in rural areas including eco-sensitive ones like hills and sea coasts.
;;0.0;;modi referred to the campaign in some detail in his previous radio talk ' mann ki baat '.
;;0.3612;;on the initiative of prime minister modi , the unisdr is jointly hosting the deliberations with multilateral agencies like world bank, asian development bank, new development bank, besides japan, germany, australia, malaysia, thailand, nepal, bhutan and the netherlands.
;;-0.4404;;hubballi: taking a dig at prime minister modi for claiming to be a kannadiga, chief minister siddaramaiah on tuesday wondered how could a man who refused to resolve mahadayi issue and rejected the states plea for a separate flag become a kannadiga.
;;-0.5719;;campaigning for congress candidates in naragund and ron, the epicentres of mahadayi agitation, siddaramaiah said modi did not utter a word when he (the cm) led a delegation to him seeking his intervention in mahadayi water dispute.
;;-0.1695;;you are anti-kannada and anti-karnataka, siddaramaiah said, alleging that modi did not allow kannada language in central government offices.
;;-0.4404;;referring to modis criticism of his decision to contest from two constituencies, the cm sought to know why modi chose to contest from two lok sabha seats.
;;-0.743;;the cm also alleged that pm modi skipped his proposed visit to chamarajanagar fearing losing power and visited only santhemarahalli.
;;0.5423;;on modi praising jd(s) president h d deve gowda , siddaramaiah said this has proved that jd(s) and bjp have a secret pact.
;;-0.3818;;modi would always criticize deve gowda.
;;-0.7351;;the congress on tuesday alleged that modi had downsized his poll campaign in the state to merely five days as he feared defeat for the bjp in the may 12 polls.
;;-0.8225;;congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala sought to know if an imminent defeat had forced modi to restrict his campaign to merely five days.
;;0.2732;;this comes after, pakistan media, citing diplomatic sources, reported that prime minister modi and external affairs minister s jaishankar had, in reply to congratulatory messages, expressed willingness to hold talks with the neighbouring country.
;;0.2263;;after announcing infrastructure projects worth rs 30 crore on friday, state pwd minister rao narbir singh on saturday said that two major projects for the gurugram district are slated to be announced by prime minister modi on sunday, the last day of chief minister manohar lal khattar's jan ashirwad yatra.
;;0.0;;the minister said that modi will lay the foundation stone for two projects in gurugram  a medical college in the name of mata sheetla devi in kherki majra village and housing project for police personnel in bhondsi.
;;0.7906;;and the development agenda and the continuous effort of pm modi to improve the economy and employment rate will help the bjp secure over 80 seats this time.
;;0.7845;;prime minister modi , who watched the live telecast of the launch, said: special moments that will be etched in the annals of our glorious history.
;;0.0;;beijing: prime minister modi on monday congratulated chinese president xi jinping on his re-election for a second five-year term, saying he looks forward to work with him to further develop sino-india relations.
;;0.4215;;modi had opened his account in the popular social media blog weibo during his visit china in 2015.
;;0.6486;;new delhi: the government on tuesday appointed aides to three union ministers, including piyush goyal and dharmendra pradhan the appointments committee of the cabinet, headed by prime minister modi , approved the appointment of raghuraj rajendran, a 2004-batch ias officer of madhya pradesh cadre, as private secretary to pradhan, the minister for petroleum, natural gas and steel.
;;-0.2551;;in fact, they did not want prakash rai, who had stirred a hornets nest by making controversial remarks against prime minister modi , to inaugurate the karavali utsava.
;;0.1779;;imphal: at a time when security has been beefed up in imphal ahead of prime minister modi modis visit on january 4, a joint security team on saturday night arrested two men with two automatic arms, including an m-16 rifle, in the city.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, bjp telangana minority morcha vice president qavi abbasi, along with bjp spokesperson mir firasat ali baqri, distributed 300 kites bearing a picture of prime minister modi among tourists and locals at charminar.
;;0.6124;;guwahati: anticipating a huge rush of people to be witness to the opening of the countrys longest rail-cum-road bridge on december 25 by prime minister modi at kareng bali ghat in dhemaji, northeast frontier railway has decided to run four special trains to and from tangani.
;;-0.886;;condemning the jammu and kashmir rape incident and hitting out at uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, chandrashekhar said, prime minister modi is silent about the rape incident.
;;-0.4404;;cpm state secretary modi also condemned the incident.
;;0.4767;;prime minister modi , home minister amit shah, defence minister rajnath singh party and working presid.
;;-0.4767;;while the immediate provocation was the controversy over us president donald trump's remarks on kashmir and the opposition's insistence that prime minister modi personally clarify the issue, sources said the resentment in opposition runs on issues like the government refusing to refer key bills to parliamentary committees and the pm's junking the convention of briefing parliament after international visits.
;;0.128;;download the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi: prime minister modi launched the mega plantation drive in the city on saturday.
;;0.1027;;before concluding his varanasi visit modi reached dashaswamedh ghat to inaugurate the vem at maan mahal and visited all eight halls to see its components and specialities.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah will address chief ministers and deputy chief ministers of party-ruled states in a meeting on wednesday in which their pro-poor and development policies will be reviewed.
;;0.8402;;with barely a year left for the next lok sabha polls, bjp is keen to position itself as a pro-poor party with an eye on dalits and other backward classes (obc), two groups which have warmed up to the party under modi and shah.
;;0.0;;congress leader rahul gandhi also slammed prime minister modi and finance minister nirmala sitharaman over their 'self-created economic disaster'.
;;0.5423;;gorakhpur: in a unique invite to a wedding, a man seeks vote for prime minister modi as a gift for his daughters wedding in maharajganj district.
;;0.7964;;rajendra modanwal, a resident of amarpurwa village of siswa town in maharajganj district, has appealed for support for the bharatiya janata party in the forthcoming elections with a message support for modi printed on envelope of the invitation cards for his daughters wedding.
;;0.7506;;rajendra, who works as a halwai, said, i and my family is a great fan of pm modi.
;;0.4019;;keeping in view the forthcoming elections i thought of appealing to all our guests to support pm modi and vote for bjp for bjp-led government again.
;;0.5574;;before this, former punjab chief minister parkash singh badal had echoed similar sentiments in the presence of prime minister modi , during his visit to hussainiwala on march 23, 2015, to pay tributes to freedom fighters bhagat singh, rajguru, and sukhdev.
;;-0.0772;;we still believe that odisha chief minister naveen patnaik struck a secret deal with prime minister modi to escape the cbi guillotine.
;;-0.7096;;since asthana is the blue-eyed officer of modi , the former helped the pm to shield the chit fund scam accused.
;;0.0;;dexschool: deputy chief minister modi (sumo) has invited at least 50 students of dexterity school of leadership and entrepreneurship (dexschool) to his official residence in patna on june 12.
;;0.25;;madurai: the madras high court madurai bench on thursday granted conditional advance bail to a college student in a case involving the morphing of a photograph of chief minister edappadi k palanisami with prime minister modi which was posted online.
;;0.0;;the congress workers gathered at gandhi circle and shouted slogans against prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah and former chief minister bs yeddyurappa.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu launched a tirade against the bjp-led central government, alleging prime minister modi was not following 'raj dharma' by denying the state special status.
;;0.25;;the party has been accusing the modi government of not releasing enough funds for the polavaram irrigation project, the kadapa steel plant and amravati , the under-construction ultra-modern state capital.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: congress on thursday used the second anniversary of notebandi to accuse prime minister modi of dealing a long-term blow to the poor and the small industry through his ill-advised measure.
;;-0.34;;he urged modi government to desist from unorthodox measures that cause uncertainty in economy.
;;0.6705;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1548462792000as we celebrate #republicday2019, let us renew our vow to our country: let us strive to live up to the ideals of ju https://t.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: prime minister modi on saturday wished the countrymen on the occasion of the 70th republic day happy republic day to all fellow indians, prime minister modi tweeted both in hindi and english.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister modi has become boring and he must take retirement from politics.
;;0.0;;modi is getting mentally aged.
;;0.8542;;we want creative and innovative youth with some fresh ideas, not the boring jumlebazi of modi.
;;0.0;;if the initiative is from the pmo, then we should consider that it is from prime minister modi himself.
;;0.0;;here's what you can expect on the magenta line:new delhi: on december 25, when prime minister modi inaugurates a section of the magenta line, the day would also mark 15 years sincebegan.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 30, 2018pm modi (file photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.6428;;new delhi: spreading negativity is fairly easy, but people must come together to make positivity viral, prime minister modi said on sunday adding that collective efforts of the people have ensured that india achieved a lot in 2018.
;;-0.5106;;according to modi of porbandar machimar boat association, the fishermen were abducted by pmsa when they were fishing near the international maritime border line (imbl) in the arabian sea currently, we have received message from our counterparts in pakistan that 30 fishermen have been apprehended by the pmsa along with five boats.
;;0.0;;kochi: in view of prime minister modi modis visit to kochi on sunday, traffic will be regulated in various parts of the city and suburbs from 1.
;;0.0;;modi will be in kochi to dedicate bpcl kochi refinerys integrated refinery expansion project (irep) to the nation.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi had inaugurated the memorial dedicated to bhimrao ambedkar in north london during.
;;0.4588;;read morelondon: the indian government has lodged an appeal against a local uk council's attempt to close down a memorial dedicated to bhimrao ambedkar in north london , inaugurated by prime minister modi during his visit to the uk in november 2015.
;;0.1027;;the decision for maharashtra to purchase the home was cleared by chief minister devendra fadnavis and the state cabinet gave its final nod to the proposal in february 2015 and it became one of the focal points of prime minister modi modi's visit to the uk in november 2015.
;;0.0;;in that context, i will say that prime minister modi is also a brahmin.
;;0.0;;volodin said the parliamentary delegations interactions with prime minister modi and vice-president venkaiah naidu have been very fruitful.
;;0.0;;pm modi at the prabhat tara ground in ranchi to participate in the fifth world yoga day.
;;0.34;;co/isvmoutrn8  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1561080804000ranchi: prime minister modi on friday performed yoga with around 40,000 enthusiasts at the prabhat tara ground and said everybody should practice the ancient indian discipline lifelong.
;;-0.3818;;in the latest book, tharoor argues that prime minister modi is caught between liberal objectives and illiberal forces.
;;-0.8225;;read moreshimla: prime minister modi has sanctioned an ex-gratia of rs two lakh each for the families of those killed in the banjar bus accident, an official spokesperson said wednesday.
;;0.0;;we witnessed this trend more recently in the gujarat polls where once the prime minister modi entered the fray, the issues of local residents were put on the backburner, he said.
;;0.128;;file photolucknow: seemingly mocking prime minister modi 's election theme of a strong government versus a helpless one, bsp chief saturday claimed a majboor ruling alliance would actually have been better.
;;-0.5849;;the bsp workers claimed the conditions were very bad in purvanchal, the region from where prime minister modi has been elected to the lok sabha and chief minister yogi adityanath has his 'karmabhumi' ( gorakhpur ).
;;0.6869;;new delhi: prime minister modi on friday said india has rich literature, dating back to thousands of years, on the cures for serious illnesses but the country has had little success in linking this ancient knowledge with modernity.
;;0.4939;;if india's healthcare system has to be transformed, modi asserted, the approach has to be holistic - by strengthening the combined power of traditional and modern medicines.
;;0.0;;the centres, inaugurated by modi via video-conferencing, are in panchkula , ambala, kaithal, karnal, jind, hisar, sonipat, gurugram, faridabad and nuh.
;;0.0;;modi released commemorative postal stamps of 12 personalities who contributed to naturopathy, ayurveda, sidda and other ayush streams.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , in a letter written in response to a congratulatory message from his pakistani counterpart imran khan after the lok sabha polls, had called for early operationalisation of the kartarpur corridor.
;;-0.296;;with assembly polls around the corner in karnataka and other states, the aicc has instructed its units to avoid personal remarks on prime minister modi and other bjp leaders in the state.
;;-0.1027;;this came after mani shankar aiyar was suspended from the party for using the word neech to describe modi during the gujarat campaign.
;;0.1531;;they remain blissfully unaware of the fact that modi in the past has smartly turned these personal attacks into an opportunity.
;;0.4404;;while modi has successfully turned all jibes to his advantage, congress continues to fall into his trap.
;;-0.5859;;be it sonia gandhi's maut ka saudagar or rahul gandhi 's khoon ki dalali comments or congress leader manish tewari and digvijaya singh's abuses, the low-level personal attacks on modi have always worked against the party.
;;0.1027;;parrikar was the defence minister when prime minister modi , during his visit to france in 2015, announced a government-to-government deal wherein government of india would acquire 36 rafale jets in fly-away condition as quickly as possible.
;;0.6542;;the protesters also burnt the effigies of prime minister modi , chief justice of india dipak misra and congress president rahul gandhi, alleging that they were doing nothing and betraying the farmers in tamil nadu.
;;-0.7351;;angered by the police action, a group of protesters suddenly burnt a poster which bore the images of modi , misra and rahul gandhi.
;;0.6486;;nashik: prime minister modi on thursday said that his government will make efforts to ensure there is access to clean drinking water in each and every household across the country in an apparent reference to the jal jeevan mission.
;;0.0;;rourkela: senior bjp leader and rourkela mla dilip ray once again expressed his displeasure at the inordinate delay in starting the construction of the second brahmani bridge , a promise made by none other than prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4211;;ray is not happy with the delay in construction work of the second brahmani bridge, which was promised by modi while addressing an election rally at rourkela in the run-up to 2014 general elections.
;;-0.4939;;thrissur: prime minister modi on sunday informally set in motion the lok sabha poll campaign of nda in the state by making a scathing attack on the congress and the left, saying that they were united only to undermine institutions, to engage in corruption and to attack him.
;;-0.2023;;their only agenda is to accuse modi , from morning to night.
;;-0.4588;;modi also attacked the ldf and the congress on their stance on the sabarimala issue.
;;0.4949;;he hailed prime minister modi and president donald trump , saying they are leaders who aren't scared to take risks and the two countries are poised to do incredible things together.
;;-0.5574;;hanumangarh: prime minister modi on tuesday accused the congress of making the mistake of letting kartarpur sahib - the final resting place of guru nanak dev - go to pakistan during partition due to its scramble for power post-independence.
;;0.7717;;the party overlooked the sentiments of millions of sikhs attached with the holy place, he said addressing a public meeting in poll-bound rajasthan modi said that the congress, during its 70 years of rule in the country, could not arrange for people to worship at kartarpur and he was fortunate that the job of building the kartarpur corridor fell to his lot.
;;0.453;;but, chief minister ys jagan mohan reddy, after meeting prime minister modi in delhi, stated that he could not demand special status from the nda government as it has a big strength in the lok sabha.
;;0.0;;because of this not knowing what to do after graduation, some politicians will suggest them to make pakodas (fried snacks), he said in a veiled reference to prime minister modi modi's suggestion that those who sell pakodas outside offices count as employed.
;;-0.3612;;he said, our present government will not invest in subsidising scholarships for our best students, preferring to waste its money on grandiose statues, an obvious reference to the 182 metre tall statue of sardar vallabhai patel, known as the statue of unity in gujarat which was inaugurated by pm modi last year.
;;0.9081;;it was only a fortnight ago that the union cabinet chaired by prime minister modi approved creation of one circle office of cmrs, along with supporting officers and staff for carrying out functions of commission of metro railway safety as envisaged in the metro railways (operations and maintenance) act, 2002, in the commission of railway safety which falls under the civil aviation ministry.
;;0.0772;;gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis want the commercial run to be flagged off by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.2023;;mumbai: prime minister modi on saturday urged people to work for preventing water pollution during immersion of ganesh idols by ensuring that plastic and other waste do not go into sea.
;;0.2057;;omar said prime minister modi did not even drop a hint that the situation in the state warranted such a step during a meeting with his father farooq abdullah and national conference mp hussain masoodi early last week.
;;0.5267;;appreciating ayushman bharat scheme launched by prime minister modi last year, pandey said 5,000 people have benefited from the scheme in bihar.
;;0.3612;;the move will ensure that manual scavenging ends and the workers dont face any financial problems, gehlot said, adding that prime minister modi is trying everything to fulfill the dreams of mahatma gandhi , b r ambedkar and deendayal upadhyaya he added that manual scavenging was banned in india though a legislation and the law was to be implemented throughout the country by december 2014.
;;0.0;;agra: the students wing of congress, national students union of india (nsui), has opposed prime minister modi modis visit to agra .
;;0.0;;in the vicinity of the kothi meena bazaar ground, where pm modi will address a rally on wednesday, nsui workers on monday night wrote slogans modi go back, chowkidar chor hai etc, on street walls.
;;0.0;;former nsui general secretary and congress leader amit singh said, pm modi has no right to conduct public meetings as he has failed to fulfill promises made five years ago.
;;0.3612;;puttur: parshottam khodabhai rupala, union minister of state for panchayati raj, agriculture and farmers welfare, on sunday lauded efforts by prime minister modi in ensuring that central funds reached directly to the accounts of indian farmers.
;;0.4215;;bengaluru: karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy on wednesday said the jd(s) along with congress had succeeded in tying prime minister modi 's ' ashwamedha ' horse (victory horse) in karnataka, fulfilling his aim.
;;0.0;;i had said after the uttar pradesh election results came out that my aim is to tie the ashwamwedha horse of modi and amit shah (bjp president).
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters after being sworn in as the chief minister, he said probably, in the days to come, amit shah has to go to modi with lifeless ashwamedha horse, as we have tied their horse.
;;-0.1306;;manish sisodia(file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: a day after former delhi metro chief e sreedharan asked prime minister modi not to agree to delhi government's free travel for women proposal, deputy chief minister manish sisodia on saturday said that the delhi metro was running in losses.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister modi on wednesday advised two budding bihar entrepreneurs to launch bike ambulance service in the state.
;;0.3818;;the suggestion was made during a videoconferencing at which pm modi interacted with entrepreneurs across the country during the innovation ki baat pm ke sath programme.
;;-0.875;;by- americai v narayananthe recent intelligence information on an assassination plot on prime minister modi in a  rajiv gandhi assassination style has coincidentally come in a week when political voices in tamil nadu have renewed their demands for the release of rajivs killers .
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on tuesday inaugurated the 4.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister modi is likely to dedicate the new indo-nepal railway line being laid between jaynagar (india) and bardibas (nepal) soon.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 17, 2018prime minister modi at akhshayvat tree in allahabad fortdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.296;;allahabad: prime minister modi reiterated on sunday that the union government is working hard to ensure aviral and nirmal ganga .
;;0.5574;;modi inaugurated 366 projects worth over rs 4,000 crore, including road, rail, smart city.
;;0.7003;;new delhi: prime minister modi telephoned his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina on monday and conveyed his heartiest congratulations on her party's decisive victory in the parliamentary elections.
;;0.5106;;the ministry of external affairs said modi expressed confidence that the partnership between india and bangladesh will continue to flourish under her far-sighted leadership.
;;0.8442;;indiaindiaindiabengaluru: prime minister modi on monday hit out at the opposition for opposing technology in the form of aadhaar card and electronic voting machines (evms), and said that the bjp wants to promote a modernby giving importance to skill development and innovation.
;;0.0;;modi had on sunday addressed four rallies in poll bound karnataka.
;;0.0;;modi had earlier addressed party's office bearers, members of the women's wing and kisan morcha workers via the 'narendra modi' app.
;;-0.5994;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1495846696000new delhi: prime minister modi on saturday paid tributes to pandit jawaharlal nehru on his 53rd death anniversary.
;;-0.5994;;tributes to pandit jawaharlal nehru on his death anniversary, modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;cpm state secretary modi will lay the foundation stone for ayyankali memorial at one cent of land handed over by the descendants of ayyankali to cpm on at mukkola on may 11 .
;;0.0;;voter verifiable paper audit trail +ahmedabad: nearly half of gujarat will go to the polls on saturday in the first phase of elections in prime minister modi modi's home state covering 89 assembly seats across saurashtra and south gujarat regions.
;;0.0;;11 crore voters are eligible to exercise their franchise in a bi-polar election being held for the first time after modi became pm.
;;0.6369;;bjp has won the last five elections, the last three in 2002, 2007 and 2012 under the leadership of modi who has been campaigning vigorously for about two weeks now.
;;0.1027;;bolstering the congress chances is the fiery 24-year-old quota warrior hardik patel who has been working up bigger crowds than modi , albeit only in patidar strongholds.
;;-0.4588;;modi has projected himself as a son of the soil and tirelessly focussed on the development plank, apart from attacking congress for corruption during the upa regime and for pursuing casteist politics.
;;-0.3182;;on the other hand, congress vice-president rahul gandhi has attacked modi for being pro-industrialist and ridiculed the 'gujarat model' as a lop-sided development model which is anti-poor.
;;0.0;;in new delhi, he called on prime minister modi and reiterated some of the demands of the state that he had put forward as chief minister earlier.
;;0.25;;in morbi district, where prime minister modi had addressed a massive public rally, congress rookie patidar netas had a dream electoral debut on morbi and tankara seats.
;;-0.0772;;deb's comments came days after prime minister modi cautioned the bjp leaders to steer clear of controversies and not offer masala to the media by making irresponsible statements.
;;-0.2023;;mangaluru: actor prakash rai used the karavali utsava venue as a platform to reply to kodagu-mysuru mp pratap simha and other right-wing leaders, who have been targeting him for his controversial remarks against prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi hosted the main event in ranchi and performed yoga along with 18,000 people.
;;0.7003;;it was on september 27, 2014 that pm modi proposed a dedicated day for yoga to the united nations general assembly (unga).
;;0.0;;this story is from october 31, 2018prime minister modi will unveil the statue of unity at kevadiya colony on wednesday.
;;0.4588;;vadodara: kevadiya colony in narmada district is all geared up to witness history being unfolded at sadhu bet island as prime minister modi unveils the world's tallest statue - the statue of unity - dedicated to india's ' iron man ,' sardar vallabhbhai patel today.
;;0.4215;;after arriving at the helipad at kevadiya from gandhinagar, where he will have a stay at raj bhavan on tuesday night, modi will first reach the 'valley of flowers' after which he will visit the special tent city that has been erected for scores of tourists excepted to throng kevadiya to watch the statue inauguration.
;;0.1531;;along with selected dignitaries, modi will pour soil and narmada water in 'kalash' to mark the dedication of the statue to the nation.
;;0.1406;;the aiadmk mp claimed that he had raised the cauvery issue with prime minister modi as well as bjp president amit shah, but did not explain as to when and where he raised the issue with both of them.
;;-0.2951;;i feel we are not so advanced, he told reporters here, a day after prime minister modi called an all-party meeting in new delhi to build a consensus on the idea.
;;0.7717;;bharti, who had spearheaded the 'save ganga' campaign, was assigned with a specially created ministry for cleaning the holy river along with the water resources ministry by prime minister modi , who had promised to cleanse the river during campaigning in varanasi for the lok sabha elections in 2014.
;;0.6808;;as part of the #humfittohindiafit campaign, the olympic medalist at athens 2004 spoke of the importance of fitness as stressed by prime minister modi , and then got down and did 10 push-ups while encouraging indians to become fitter.
;;0.0;;as part of a cabinet reshuffle last week, pm modi assigned the i&b portfolio to rathore who replaced smriti irani.
;;0.5719;;panaji: the indian coast guard fraternity at goa joined prime minister modi and other countrymen in wholeheartedly celebrating the fifth international yoga day on 21 jun 2019.
;;-0.7003;;the threat alarm was raised after prime minister modi visited jaipur in 2015.
;;0.4939;;the congress in kerala on tuesday decided to seek an explanation from shashi tharoor , mp, who is facing flak over his remark that prime minister modi should be praised for doing the right things.
;;0.6521;;tharoor had come under criticism from several senior party colleagues in the state for his comments that modi should be praised for doing the right things but the congress mp had remained unfazed, saying there was nothing wrong in his stand.
;;0.8979;;while k muraleedharan, mp, had said those who wanted to praise modi should join bjp, another party mp, benny behannan, said glorifying the prime minister was not the job of congressmen.
;;0.2411;;leader of the opposition in the state assembly ramesh chennithala also had said the wrongdoings of the modi government cannot be ignored.
;;0.4404;;if modi has done something good, we should acknowledge it.
;;-0.296;;a cap frequently worn by subhas chandra bose was presented to prime minister modi by his nephew, chandra kumar bose, on netaji's 122nd birth anniversary on wednesday.
;;0.7717;;51am triggered speculations on ops having outsmarted cm e palaniswami in winning prime minister modi modi's confidence.
;;0.0;;by then, however, much was read into the previous tweet that came a day after ops and his colleagues met modi in delhi.
;;-0.5574;;he termed it as a glaring example of prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah destroying the institutions.
;;-0.34;;jaipur: the state congress on monday disputed prime minister modi modis claim that every village in the country has been electrified.
;;-0.3182;;recalling a call given by prime minister modi during his visit to ujire in 2017 to preserve the environment, heggade said given that a lack of irrigation facilities is a stark reality that most parts of karnataka faces, and 120-odd taluks are facing a drought-like situation, the kshetra will take up lake development with the department of minor irrigation in a big way.
;;0.4588;;this story is from december 15, 2018prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityrae bareli: gandhi bastion rae bareli is being decked up for its first grand non-congress visit in recent times.
;;0.0;;billboards and hoardings bearing lifesize photographs of prime minister modi have come up in every nook and corner of the constituency which is represented by upa chairperson sonia.
;;0.0;;modi will arrive in the town to flag off 900 coaches from lalganj coach factory.
;;0.3612;;co/cliq1fjkmp  amit shah (@amitshah) 1520398937000new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday condemned in the strongest terms the vandalism of statues reported from states like tripura and tamil nadu over the last few days.
;;0.0258;;pm modi spoke to home minister rajnath singh on the incidents of vandalism, following which the minsitry of home affairs (mha) sent an advisory to all states, directing them to take steps to prevent toppling of statues and book persons indulging in such acts under relevant provisions of law.
;;0.1027;;co/qrkozb4i7r  ani (@ani) 1568429010000new delhi: kicking off  sewa saptah  to mark prime minister modi modi's birthday , union home minister amit shah on saturday visited all india institute of medical sciences ( aiims ) and met the patients admitted here and enquired about their health situation.
;;-0.0258;;prime minister modi has dedicated his whole life working for the poor and nation, he said.
;;-0.1877;;salem: prime minister modi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to urge him to set up the cauvery management board, said chief minister edappadi k palaniswami talking to reporters in the city on sunday, palaniswami said the pmo has not granted appointment for a delegation of all-party representatives and farmers even after a reminder of the request was sent.
;;0.5859;;he said a resolution was passed at an all-party meeting convened by aiadmk in february that representatives of all the political parties as well as those from farmers' associations would personally meet prime minister modi and urge him to constitute the cauvery management board.
;;0.0;;paswan said reservation is a constitutional right and added that prime minister modi has reiterated it many times that it can not tampered with.
;;0.4019;;surat: prime minister modi on sunday called for making of a new india, which he envisioned as a country free of casteism communalism , corruption, and poverty which would help india become a global power to reckon with in next few years.
;;0.3182;;modi addressed a huge crowd before flagging off of the night marathon in surat city, a day after he visited the adjacent union territory daman.
;;0.34;;modi recalled the 1942 quit india movement where people were determined to root out the british from india and did it in just five years.
;;0.4019;;modi also lauded the marathon organizers saying that organizing such events with massive public participation inculcates values of unity in the society.
;;0.2263;;vijay kumar singh (67), who has got such posters prepared and pasted on the city roads and outside the congress headquarters, said, rahul ji has all the qualities of lord ram while prime minister modi is only busy in the political use of his name.
;;0.0;;to counter that, the bjp had put up posters portraying its senior leaders, including prime minister modi , as bharatiya.
;;0.4404;;a icc president rahul gandhi ended his speech abruptly during a roadshow in honnavar town on thursday after a group of youths shouted slogans in favour of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4404;;however, when he began his speech, a group of people began shouting slogans in favour of modi.
;;0.0;;she alleged that the gurugram police tried to frame her in a false case when she went to meet prime minister modi during his rally in sultanpur in november.
;;0.25;;the colossal structure, a vision of prime minister modi , will be the worlds biggest cricket facility.
;;0.3612;;we made a presentation and took it to our (then) president modi (who was gca president until 2013) but he had a different vision.
;;0.25;;for shah, who took over from modi as gca president, the stadium became a dream project.
;;0.0;;the crown prince referred to pm modi as his elder brothermake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.8519;;new delhi: saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman on wednesday joined prime minister modi in condemning the pulwama attack in the strongest terms even as india and saudi arabia agreed on the need to put pressure on countries that back terror and called on such states to dismantle terrorism infrastructures.
;;-0.5574;;after discussions on wednesday with prime minister modi , saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman said: as far as terrorism and extremism are concerned  which are common concerns  i want to tell india that we will extend all cooperation to you, be it intelligence-sharing.
;;0.0;;the deliberations seem to have been held in a cordial setting with the crown prince, in informal conversations with indian leaders on his arrival at rashtrapati bhavan, referring to prime minister modi as his elder brother and a leader he held in high regard.
;;0.2244;;turning to prime minister modi , the cm advised him to focus on positive politics, shun negativity and not stall delhis projects through the lg.
;;0.2263;;patna: prime minister (pm) modi will either inaugurate or lay foundation stones for several infrastructure projects worth around rs 33,000 crore at begusarai on sunday.
;;0.296;;this will be the second time that pm modi will share dais with cm nitish after the latters return to the nda in july 2017.
;;0.5106;;the two had earlier shared the stage at mokama on october 14, 2017 when pm modi had laid foundation for infrastructure projects worth rs 3,769 crore.
;;0.5994;;hence, pm modi will launch projects worth rs 33,000 crore, which will benefit state and the entire eastern india.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday reiterated his call for a new mass movement against single-use plastic from october 2, the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi in his monthly radio address 'mann ki baat', he said when the country observes the 150 birth anniversary of the father of the nation, we will launch a new mass movement against use of plastic.
;;0.0;;chandigarh: prime minister modi attended a religious function organized by shiromani akali dal (sad) president sukhbir singh badal at his residence in delhi on friday, on the occasion of 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak.
;;0.2023;;speaking on the occasion, modi stressed on the strength of people to people contact, saying: whoever thought that the berlin wall would ever fall?
;;0.0;;outside the glass cabin of the control room was prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;modi then entered the control room and consoled the scientists.
;;0.25;;in fact, we were in the thick of things  unloading raw material, finalising tenders and preparing for the visit of vvips including prime minister modi who was expected to inaugurate the five-day event  when news of the postponement reached us.
;;0.7351;;new delhi: describing his visit to nepal as a reaffirmation of his government's neighbourhood first policy, prime minister modi on thursday said the engagement reflects the high priority he attaches to the age-old and friendly ties with the himalayan nation.
;;0.0;;modi is on his third visit to nepal.
;;0.0;;modi is beginning his visit from the madhesi terai area.
;;0.0;;this is despite prime minister modi himself laying the foundation stone for zojila tunnel in may 2018.
;;0.4767;;he said prime minister modi had signed the paris accord where he set an ambitious target to bring down emissions to the levels of year 2005 by 2030 in india.
;;-0.0767;;party sources said prime minister modi and party chief amit shah are not too happy about the state unit's inability to capitalize on the political vacuum left behind by jayalalithaa.
;;0.0;;harping on the three years of achievements of the modi government, it began carrying out a 15-day campaign starting friday, highlighting the achievements of the centre.
;;0.7003;;shah's approval, according to another party insider, reportedly came after a brief discussion with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: rajiv kumar , currently serving as financial services secretary , was on tuesday designated as the new finance secretary the appointments committee of the cabinet (acc) headed by prime minister modi approved the designation of kumar as the new finance secretary, according to an official order.
;;0.0;;the gmpf will also submit the petition to prime minister modi , president ram nath kovind, chief minister manohar parrikar , congress president rahul gandhi, bjp president amit shah and others.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on friday spoke to chief minister.
;;-0.6486;;in the wake of the controversy over the shifting of venue and the uncertainty about the guest list at the event organized by the tibetan government-inexile, the modi government tried to mend its damaged fences with the tibetan community in india, calling its relationship with the dalai lama a spiritual one.
;;0.0;;india has followed one china policy from nehru to modi.
;;0.6369;;union minister sharma said that tibetans had contributed a lot towards the mission of prime minister modi of promoting indian values on a global platform.
;;0.0;;congress sources said prime minister modi called up rahul to enquire about the incident.
;;0.6808;;stating that there are many financial and other irregularities in the temple administration, dikshitulu told toi over phone from chennai that he has sent copies of a memorandum seeking a probe into the functioning of the ttd administration and the state governments role to president ram nath kovind , prime minister modi and chief justice of the supreme court dipak mishra the state government and ttd are making a big mistake by nominating priests who do not know anything about the temple and the lord.
;;0.4215;;biarritz/london: prime minister modi has discussed with un chief antonio guterres his proposal for a global coalition for disaster-resilient infrastructure, which india hopes to launch on the margins of the un general assembly next month.
;;0.0516;;on the sidelines of the g7 meeting, prime minister modi , who will attend the un climate summit next month, discussed with the un secretary general whether or not the world can come together to create a pool of trained volunteers who will help countries recover from disasters, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said on monday.
;;0.5413;;the un chief mentioned that he is very enthusiastic about prime minister modi's leadership on the climate change, gokhale said.
;;-0.6249;;pm modi discussed initiatives against single use plastics with the un chief and explained to him about his initiative on the coalition on disaster resilient infrastructures.
;;0.0;;modi, who will address the unga next month, will also participate as one of the keynote speakers at the un climate summit.
;;-0.8625;;the post on twitter carries a poem in light of the pulwama attack: it appeals to prime minister modi to act as the time is now or never and urges people to identify terror sympathisers hiding among us and drag them out on the street and let them face the music.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who was gujarat chief minister at the time, was invited to take a couple of sessions for the newly inducted ministers.
;;-0.4767;;she also talked about demonetization, gst and poor economy and held prime minister modi modis faulty policies responsible for this.
;;0.7269;;mangaluru: prime minister modi elevated city-based artist karan acharyas repute to a higher orbit on saturday, even as the jam-packed crowd at the nehru maidan here cheered for the 29-year-olds talent.
;;-0.3818;;recalling this, modi did not mince words to slam the congress.
;;-0.1531;;new delhi: taking a dig at prime minister modi who is accused of ducking the press, his predecessor manmohan singh said that he was called a silent pm but was never afraid of speaking to the press.
;;-0.4588;;singhs comment appeared politically loaded because modi faces ridicule from observers for not taking queries from the media even though he as an opposition leader used to target singh as maun-mohan.
;;0.2023;;summittrump tweetedosaka: prime minister modi on friday held bilateral talks with us president donald trump and discussed a host of key issues including trade, defence and 5g communications networks ahead of the formal opening of the g-20modi said that he wants to discuss iran, 5g, bilateral relations and defence relations with trump.
;;0.7964;;he also thanked the us president for expressing his love towards india in a letter recently delivered by us secretary of state mike pompeo trump congratulated modi on his election victory and said that the two countries would work together in many areas including military.
;;0.3612;;the two leaders met shortly after the japan-america-india trilateral meeting during which modi highlighted the importance india attaches to the grouping.
;;0.0;;after the meeting, bjp general secretary aravind limbavali said karnataka bjp has decided to hold sabka saath, sabka vikas (collective efforts, inclusive growth) rallies at 33 places to mark the nda government's third anniversary and propagate the works and achievements of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;amit s upadhye byexpress news servicebengaluru: karnataka slipped to the second position in tiger numbers, closing behind india's new tiger state - madhya pradesh in the new tiger census which was announced by prime minister modi on monday.
;;0.6705;;bengaluru: the bjp leadership is leaving no stone unturned to make modi (making of developed india) fests a grand success across the state.
;;0.9052;;but what is taking centrestage in political discussions is an autorickshaw driver 's token of love for prime minister modi a resident of mangaluru and an ardent modi fan, 44-year-old s satish prabhu will usher in the fourth year of modi rule by slashing autorickshaw fare to re 1 for four days from friday.
;;0.0772;;he has put up a poster on the rear of his vehicle (bearing registration number ka20 9388) announcing: on the occasion of the fourth year of the modi led bjp government, the autorickshaw fare has been reduced to re 1 for up to 5km.
;;0.4404;;prabhu told toi: modi has been doing a lot of good work across the country .
;;0.6808;;though prabhu maintains that he is not into hardcore politics, he admitted that this was not the first time that he was displaying his love for modi.
;;0.0;;when modi became the pm, i had reduced the auto fare and more than 150 commuters had used the service, prabhu said.
;;0.6369;;adhir ranjan chowdhurynew delhi: congress mp adhir ranjan chowdhury , a feisty leader from west bengal, came in for a bit of praise from prime minister modi who called him a fighter after the all-party meeting here on sunday ahead of the start of the 17th lok sabha.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: hailing the union budget as futuristic, bjp chief and home minister amit shah on friday said it reflects prime minister modi 's vision where farmers prosper, poor lead a life of dignity, the middle class gets its due and indian enterprise gets a boost.
;;-0.3578;;it's not clear just how far new delhi will take these relationships, given years of promise, and a general election due in 11 months that could be a distraction for prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4767;;but modi took several concrete foreign policy and security steps in southeast asia in recent days.
;;0.4939;;to the west, india signed an agreement for access to the, during a visit by modi earlier this year.
;;-0.3285;;but although modi has started strongly, it was not clear how well his strategy would be sustained, he added.
;;0.0258;;(modi is) struggling to improve the capacity of delhi to do things outside borders.
;;0.2023;;modi on sunday had announced that fair price shop owners and kerosene license holders will go on an indefinite strike from may 28, if their demands are not met.
;;-0.8316;;it seeks to confiscate properties of economic offenders - like nirav modi- who have left the country to avoid facing criminal prosecution.
;;0.4215;;the ordinance was approved at a cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister modi , the sources said.
;;0.0;;the chief minister said she had been describing it as a dark day since demonetisation was announced by prime minister modi in 2016.
;;0.0;;for the first time, four employees, including a physically challenged female employee have reached new delhi where they will be given keys of their new cars by prime minister modi , who will later address the employees of shri hari krishna exports through video conferencing at the event organised at the companys headquarters in varachha on thursday.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: in their fourth meeting in a year, prime minister modi and south african president cyril ramaphosa on friday set in motion a result-oriented plan of action to take forward bilateral relations in defence and security and trade and investment.
;;0.0;;ramaphosa, who will be the chief guest at the republic day parade on rajpath on saturday, is here with a 50-member business delegation and presided over a business forum with modi.
;;0.0;;modi had visited south africa in 2016.
;;0.1531;;president ram nath kovind held a banquet for the visiting leader on friday evening, capping a day of intensive engagements, including bilateral conversations with modi and other indian leaders.
;;0.6369;;ramaphosa delivered the first gandhi-mandela freedom lecture at an event in new delhi, in the presence of modi.
;;0.3612;;gorakhpur: prime minister modi will inaugurate the kisan samman nidhi yojana from gorakhpur under which rs 2,000, the first installment of rs 6,000 annual financial assistance to farmers announced in interim budget will be credited to farmers account on february 24, said bjp zonal vice president, stayendra sinha.
;;0.3612;;pm modi will inaugurate kisan samman nidhi yojnaunder which the first installment of rs 2,000 for december, january, february and march will be credited to farmers account.
;;0.0;;she only got up to receive and garland modi , when the pm arrived on the stage.
;;-0.7717;;similarly, he said when prime minister modi made a surprise visit to meet his counterpart nawaz sharif there was a terrorist attack on the pathankot air force base.
;;-0.296;;puducherry: the opposition aiadmk has sought prime minister modi to take appropriate steps to end the 'deadlock' between the lt governor kiran bedi and council of ministers of union territory of puducherry in a memorandum submitted to modi during his visit, the four aiadmk mlas said 'hatred and disharmony prevailing between the lg and council of ministers' had paralyzed the administration and the 'interest and welfare of people has become the casualty'.
;;0.4588;;new delhi: the buddhists' spiritual head, the dalai lama, said today he's glad prime minister modi is going to meet china's president xi jinping later this week.
;;0.3818;;modi and xi will hold their first major informal summit in the picturesque wuhan city of central china on april 27 and 28.
;;0.4588;;the engagement will also mean back-to-back visits for modi to china as he is scheduled to travel to the country again in june for the sco ( shanghai cooperation organisation ) summit.
;;-0.25;;however, after receiving no response in the matter from police, they filed a fresh complaint on december 30 with prime minister modi , union health minister j p nadda, union minister for women and child development maneka gandhi , chief minister manohar lal khattar, vij, state law minister captain abhimanyu, registrars of delhi and haryana medical councils and the medical council of india (mci).
;;-0.4019;;the elections for the 182-seat assembly were held on december 9 and 14, after an acrimonious campaign, which was dominated by a face-off between prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi.
;;0.5267;;the bjp has been in power in the state since 1995, winning consecutive elections in the home state of modi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.4086;;the self-styled president of the hindu personal law board, pande had sought the removal of gujarat governor after chief minister modi wrote a letter to the prime minister to recall her for appointing justice r a mehta as lokayukta without his consent.
;;-0.6597;;his colleague and opposition leader in parliament mallikarjun kharge launched a direct attack on prime minister modi , saying, he is an expert in saying lies.
;;0.5305;;he said that before the 2014 parliamentary election, modi had promised employment to 2crore youths every year, and also assured the people that he would bring back black money stashed away in foreign countries, but none of these promises were fulfilled.
;;-0.5574;;he said he feels sorry for the youth, who were cheated by modi , though they believed in him.
;;0.7096;;pti photonew delhi: prime minister modi on saturday said bjp drew strength from its ideology and not the legacy of one family and urged party lawmakers to remain connected with the grass-root workers who contributed to their becoming ministers and mps.
;;-0.2617;;seated among the backbenchers in the library building hall in parliament, even behind juniors like manoj tiwari , modi likened the party to a mother who nurtures her sons (party workers), but feels neglected when he gets married and pays more attention to his wife.
;;0.2023;;amritsar: the credit war over the kartarpur corridor will continue next year too as prime minister modi will address a public meeting in gurdaspur along with shiromani akali dal leaders to woo sikh voters in the run up to the lok sabha elections.
;;0.6486;;praising modi for fulfilling long-standing demand of sikhs, punjab bjp president shwait malik told toi on thursday: on january 3, bjp will hold a maha rally at gurdaspur which will be addressed by prime minister modi , who fulfilled over 70-year-old demand for opening of kartarpur corridor.
;;0.0;;the modi government had also waived off gst from the langar of the golden temple and other religious places, malik added.
;;0.0;;it is expected that modi is likely to make some announcement about the corridor at the public rally.
;;0.0258;;denying the bjp wanted to derive any political mileage from the proposed public meeting, malik said it was a matter of pride for punjab that modi had chosen punjab to hold his first rally of 2019.
;;0.4019;;bengaluru: prime minister modi on friday said india is now moving forward from women development to women-led development, and women first was the mantra of his government and the party.
;;0.0;;during his speech, modi recalled the legacy of women leadership in karnataka by remembering kittur rani chennamma, belavadi mallamma, rani abbakka, onake obavva and legendary hindustani singer gangubai hangal.
;;0.4215;;so we appeal to anyone taking a selfie with us or with the van to contribute generously for the cause, he said and added that the funds collected will be handed over to the army through prime minister modi modi.
;;0.3182;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on tuesday met prime minister modi 's wife at the city airport before boarding her flight to new delhi and they exchanged pleasantries.
;;0.743;;the move comes after pm modi launched fit india campaign to encourage citizens to include physical activity .
;;0.743;;the move, as per the letter, comes after prime minister modi on august 28, launched 'fit india, a nation-wide campaign aimed to encourage the citizens to include physical activity and sports in their daily lives.
;;0.6808;;let me ask pm modi and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar or any other bjp leader to provide details of any four crops for which farmers were given 50  profit above the minimum support price (msp).
;;0.6597;;similarly, let the modi and khattar governments provide details of promises fulfilled by them over the past four years.
;;-0.2732;;today, prime minister modi and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar are walking the same path, with utter disregard for indias democratic and constitutional laws, he said.
;;0.9623;;expressing happiness, she also announced that india will be made open defecation free on october 2nd, 2019, as per the dream of prime minister modi i am happy and satisfied to report that india will be made open defecation free on october 2nd, 2019, as per the dream of prime minister modi , she said.
;;0.0;;the government in 2018 had set up an executive committee under the chairpersonship of prime minister modi to spread mahatma gandhi's legacy among the people at the national and international level.
;;-0.936;;coimbatore: a coimbatore bomb blast case convict, out after serving his prison term, was arrested on monday after an audio clip of his telephonic conversation with a truck contractor in which he is heard saying he was planning to kill prime minister modi surfaced.
;;-0.6908;;in the 8-minute telephonic conversation with a salem based truck contractor, identified as prakash, rafiq is heard saying, we have decided to kill pm modi.
;;0.3412;;you shouldunderstandthatim not scared of anyone, rafiq says when prakash brings up the name of modi into the conversation.
;;0.6256;;it appearsthat youwill not be scared even of modi , prakash is heard saying, to whichrafiq says, yes.
;;0.0;;sources said that the incident took place when the cm was on his way back after seeing off prime minister modi at the airport.
;;0.0;;dr s k patil, the vice chancellor of raipur-based indira gandhi krishi vishwavidyalaya (igkv), and kanker krishi vigyan kendra 's coordinator birbal sahu received the 'pt deendayal upadhyay krishi vigyan protsahan award-2017' at the hands of prime minister modi yesterday.
;;-0.743;;chief minister edappadi k palaniswami , who took part in discussions conducted by the visiting prime minister modi , told reporters here on tuesday that considering the devastating impact of cyclone ockhi, the state has requested the pm to immediately sanction 747 crore from the national disaster relief fund.
;;-0.1531;;earlier in the day, modi met and interacted with people, including fishermen and farmers, affected by cyclone ockhi, during a visit to lakshadweep, tamil nadu and kerala.
;;0.0258;;after listening to their hardships, modi assured them that all help will be provided and that the union government stands with them in this hour of crisis.
;;0.0516;;as anand sharma on friday had sought an apology from prime minister modi , randhir sharma said that congress leader should tell people of his achievement as central minister during the upa regime.
;;0.3058;;prime minister modi may have forgiven her for previous statements but this country will never pardon her reckless statements.
;;-0.2263;;shimla: the union ministry of health and family welfare has demanded additional around 450 bighas of land for the all india institute of medical sciences ( aiims ) at kothipura in bilaspur district whose foundation stone was laid by prime minister modi in october last year before the announcement of the assembly elections.
;;0.8934;;wealth creators are india's wealth, shouldn't be eyed with suspicion: pm modi in his independence day address, pm modi on thursday said wealth creators should not be eyed with suspicion and that they are country's wealth and should be respected.
;;0.0;;this is not the first time that pm modi has stood up for corporate india.
;;0.6131;;in july last year, modi had stated that he was not scared to be seen with industrialists as his conscience was clear.
;;0.8126;;new delhi: amid a widespread slowdown in the economy, prime minister modi on thursday committed to a five-year vision of investment-led growth, saying a massive rs 100 lakh crore will be spent on developing infrastructure that will help in achieving the target of $5 trillion economy.
;;0.8979;;exuding confidence of achieving the target of $5 trillion economy, pm modi in his address to the nation from the ramparts of the red fort on the 73rd independence day , said fundamentals of the economy are strong and a stable government coupled with predictable policies can become a catalyst including in attracting other nations to invest in india.
;;0.0;;this goal can be achieved through investing more, particularly, in infrastructure, modi added.
;;0.3818;;the country's economic growth accelerated in the first few years of modi 1.
;;0.0;;this is the third time in one year that modi has stood up for corporates.
;;0.6131;;in july last year, modi had stated that he was not scared to be seen with industrialists as his conscience was clear and that they too had contributed to the development of the country.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister modi speaks with isro chairman kailasavadivoo sivan at isro headquarters in bengaluru (afp)dissappointment writ large on the faces after loss of communication during chandrayaan -2 landingbengaluru (isro centre): just hours after indian space research organisation's mission control complex lost communication with chandrayaan-2 's vikram lander during its 15 minutes of the final descent on moon's surface, prime minister modi on saturday morning returned to the isro control room here to boost the morale of space scientists, who became gloomy after last night's setback.
;;0.4215;;in his 23-minute speech, modi kept inspiring the scientists.
;;0.1779;;ranchi: former bihar chief minister lalu prasad and cpi (ml) national general secretary dipankar bhattacharya accused prime minister modi of supporting the vandalism on the statues of lenin in tripura and ramaswamy periyar in tamil nadu.
;;0.1779;;terming the developments as the beginning of a dangerous design, lalu claimed that modi was encouraging the acts in order to get the path cleared for commissioning his own statues across the country.
;;0.2263;;i feel the statues of freedom fighters are being broken at the behest of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7717;;modi is trying to clear the path for installation of his statues in place of the great leaders across the country.
;;-0.296;;bhattacharya, who was in ranchi to attend a meeting of the party's state unit, accused modi and the bjp of indulging in vandalism because the victory in the assembly elections had got into their heads.
;;-0.2023;;taking on prime minister modi , mahadeva questioned the formers failure to fulfill his pledge to deposit rs 15 lakh in all bank accounts.
;;-0.4767;;modi had promised to generate one crore jobs for youngsters every year, but many of them are now staring at unemployment.
;;-0.25;;pm modi has failed to deliver on his promise to generate 10 crore jobs in five years.
;;0.8271;;naik, whose statement comes days after prime minister modi and bjp national president promised farmers of karnataka during an election rally to resolve the issue, with shah setting a six-month deadline to find a solution, said, neither shah nor pm modi have made such a promise.
;;0.5106;;this story is from october 21, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citysurat: the power loom weavers in the countrys largest man-made fabric (mmf) sector have finally turned to prime minister modi as a last resort to resolve the long-pending issue of the input tax credit (itc).
;;0.2263;;in a letter to pm modi , fogwa stated that the gst council had decided in its 28th meeting to allow refund on itc in the textile industry with effect from august 1, 2018, which was non-refundable earlier.
;;0.128;;the power loom sector welcomed the decision of the gst council and advertisements thanking pm modi were published in all leading newspapers on the following day.
;;0.6808;;we hope that pm modi will help the sector by removing the word shall lapse with shall not be refundable.
;;0.0;;she echoed bhagwats views, saying, prime minister modi should take bhagwats word as his command.
;;0.0;;after all, even modi belongs to the same order from where we come.
;;0.296;;the congress president is likely to stick to the gujarat model of campaigning  an aggressive targeting of modi , a focus on jobs and the economy, and a proactive bid to pre-empt bjps polarisation.
;;0.765;;bishkek: prime minister modi on friday called for greater cooperation among the sco countries in combatting terrorism, promoting economy, alternate energy and healthcare as he outlined india's commitment to peace and economic prosperity in the region.
;;0.4939;;addressing the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit here, modi gave a template, 'health', for strengthening cooperation.
;;-0.4215;;we must pay special attention to the topic of disaster resilient infrastructure, modi added.
;;0.0;;modi arrived in the kyrgyz capital on thursday for the two-day sco summit.
;;0.4767;;the decision by bjp's highest decision-making body was announced by former party president and defence minister rajnath singh after the meeting, which was attended by prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.0;;he was the health minister in the modi government in the previous term.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: prime minister modi showed himself up to the mark with popular online games, when he asked a mother concerned over the time her son spent on the net, asking pubg wala hain kya?
;;-0.4404;;kuchh khiloney ke tootne se bachpan nahin marta hai (some broken toys do not mean the end of childhood), responded the pm to a question on exam stress, quoting a poem by the famous hindi poet and lyricist gopaldas neeraj the pm arrived at the venue to a rousing welcome with students chanting modi , modi.
;;-0.3612;;talking about depression modi said: students living in hostels can also find some senior or a person with whom they can share their feelings.
;;0.0;;read morechennai: three spacious sea-facing suites, each nearly 40 square metres, are being readied at fishermans cove resort near mamallapuram for the second informal summit between prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping in october.
;;0.0;;a walkway was being built on the lawns as modi and xi were apparently planning a discussion while taking a stroll and then sitting down to tea on the lawns.
;;0.0;;the grt resort at mamallapuram will be used to house the officials who will be accompanying modi and xi.
;;0.5106;;jharkhand became free of open defecation a year before the deadline set by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5106;;this initiative has got a mention in limca books of records and was appreciated by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday took a dig at the opposition over the rajya sabhas low productivity and urged the youth to question members of the upper house belonging to their states on their performance.
;;0.5859;;addressing the national youth parliament festival, modi suggested youngsters organise events upon returning home and invite rajya sabha members from their states as chief guests and ask questions on their performance and productivity during the parliament sessions.
;;0.0;;she posted a photo of her berlin meeting with prime minister modi , only to find it crawling with trolls.
;;0.4019;;they asked how she could wear such an immodest dress in front of modi , lectured her on indian values, berated her for sitting with her legs crossed, a disrespectful posture.
;;0.4404;;he added that just 17 days after prime minister modi formed government, the historic decision to raise the height of the dam was taken, in gujarats favour.
;;0.0;;the sardar sarovar dam project was inaugurated in september 2017 by prime minister modi , 55 years after its foundation stone was laid by the first pm, jawaharlal nehru, in 1961.
;;0.3804;;prime minister modi (ap photo)1/2 #cong highly responsible &v restrained post #pulwama.
;;-0.4939;;new delhi: the congress on tuesday attacked the government over the pulwama terror strike , alleging huge security lapses, and asked prime minister modi to walk the talk.
;;-0.0258;;no more birthday bashes, he said in an apparent reference to prime minister modi's surprise visit to pakistan in december 2015, coinciding with pakistan's then prime minister nawaz sharif's birthday.
;;-0.2263;;shouting slogans against the nda government and prime minister modi , the protesters burnt the effigies of the bill.
;;0.7783;;the decision also comes days after chief justice of india ranjan gogoi wrote to prime minister modi to increase the number of judges in the top court.
;;0.7351;;co/s7p502crqw  amitabh kant (@amitabhk87) 1562305593000describing the union budget as citizen friendly, development friendly and future oriented, prime minister modi said it will empower the poor and provide the youth with a better future.
;;0.9201;;modi, who addressed rallies inin pali district and in dausa, alleged that the gandhi family had been enjoying privileges for four generations and said the governments win in the apex court on tuesday was the victory of the honest.
;;0.0;;making a final push for the bjp on the last day of campaigning for the state elections on friday, prime minister modi also used the extradition of christian michel, the alleged middleman in the rs 3,600 crore agustawestland chopper deal during the previous upa regime, to target the congress leadership.
;;-0.4588;;shimla: the congress on saturday held protest demonstrations across the state to protest against the four years of nda government headed by prime minister modi as vishwasghat diwas (the day of betrayal).
;;0.3182;;sukhu said every promise made by modi during 2014 parliamentary election was proving to be a jumla.
;;0.3182;;varanasi: prime minister modi will inaugurate over 30 finished projects and lay the foundation of over rs 2900 crore fresh projects during his scheduled varanasi visit on tuesday.
;;0.0258;;with the pms itinerary in place, the district administration, police and other departments have fast-tracked preparations at four venues, said district magistrate surendra singh after landing at lbs international airport, modi will reach diesel locomotive works to flag off an electric locomotive converted from a diesel engine.
;;0.0;;haryana remembered sir chhotu ram with prime minister modi unveiling a 64-foot statue of the peasant leader at his native village in rohtak district, a much-awaited kundli-manesar-palwal expressway was thrown open to public, bahadurgarh got the metro train, student polls were held after gap of two decades and mayors were picked through direct elections for the first time.
;;0.3182;;jaisalmer: on the occasion of 20th anniversary of two nuclear tests that were conducted in pokhran field firing range on may 11 and 13, 1998, prime minister modi has asked people to celebrate it as yuva shaurya shakti diwas.
;;0.7845;;pm modi on sunday during mann ki baat talked of success of nuclear tests and said that on buddh poornima india displayed its strength to the entire world.
;;0.0;;pokhran mla shaitan singh rathore said that he along with union minister gajendra singh during their stay in delhi had met pm modi regarding the event.
;;0.34;;police said an elaborate security cordon has been thrown over jc nagar, in view of prime minister modi 's rally at the adjoining palace grounds.
;;0.5267;;twitter.com/bl5s8fmwak& mdash; karan acharya (@karanacharya7) may 15, 2018mangaluru: karan acharya , a digital artist from the coast, is now a national sensation after prime minister modi showered praises on him during a rally in mangaluru .
;;0.0;;this story is from january 30, 2019students are all ears as prime minister modi gives tips on how to tackle exams.
;;0.5574;;chandigarh: prime minister modi 's pariksha pe charcha' got positive response in the city from students and teachers.
;;0.0;;tirupur: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami has written to prime minister modi urging the central governments intervention to rejuvenate tirupur knitwear cluster .
;;0.1779;;co/xrjmghche6  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1568971344000new delhi: prime minister modi on friday termed the decision to slash corporate tax as historic while the opposition parties used the announcement to attack the government, with the congress linking it with his us visit, saying it was amazed at what he will do for a stock market bump ahead of his houston speech.
;;0.0;;modi left for a week-long visit to the us on friday.
;;0.6486;;shah, also the union home minister, said the announcement showed that the modi government is committed to make india a big manufacturing hub and this decision along with previous announcements on relaxing fdi will go a long way in realising this objective.
;;0.6369;;lauding modi and sitharaman, the party's working president j p nadda said the announcement made by her will give revolutionary boost in promoting investment.
;;0.4019;;this story is from november 4, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityamaravati: having firmed up its ties with the congress two days ago, the ruling telugu desam party in andhra pradesh on saturday likened prime minister modi to an anaconda who has been swallowing national institutions.
;;0.0;;in a statement, tdp politburo member and state finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu asked if there was a bigger anaconda than modi.
;;0.25;;those two parties are, hence, supporting modi who has been destroying national institutions and democracy, he added.
;;0.0;;the man who passed a resolution in the nda meeting in 2017, that modi should become prime minister again is now trying to portray the latter as a culprit.
;;-0.4067;;when pointed out that deputy chief minister modi has not spoken anything on the issue of the children's deaths, kushwaha alleged that prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah, who is also the home minister, also did not express their sorrow or grief over the loss of so many lives.
;;0.0;;he said the company which was part of the deal was registered a few days before prime minister modi modis tour of france on april 10, 2015.
;;0.0;;kolkata: the newly set up circuit bench of calcutta high court in jalpaiguri will start operations from march 11, a month after prime minister modi unveiled the facility by the click of a button from maynaguri on friday.
;;0.3818;;not only did they get to interact with prime minister modi via video conferencing in a live telecast viewed across the country, they even presented to the pm their innovation  a mechanism that counters high beam headlights on oncoming vehicles.
;;0.3818;;the trio came up with the innovation in their schools atal tinkering lab, a scheme funded by the central government under modi.
;;0.0;;look my fellow countrymen, at these children, said modi.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at prime minister modi , faleiro said that the incident flew in the face of his swachh bharat campaign.
;;-0.3802;;the congress party tried to malign the image of prime minister modi over the rafale deal, but it didnt succeed, he said.
;;0.0;;according to organizers, they have sent an invitation to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6908;;co/lvoxlqh2tk  pib india (@pib_india) 1566547487000paris: prime minister modi on friday held talks with his french counterpart edouard charles philippe and discussed issues of bilateral and mutual interests to further boost the comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;0.25;;our talks were comprehensive and covered the full range of india-french ties, prime minister modi tweeted after the meeting.
;;0.3818;;modi, who is in france on the first leg of his three-nation tour, on thursday held one-on-one talks with french president emmanuel macron at chateau de chantilly during which the two leaders reviewed the entire gamut of the dynamic and multi-faceted bilateral relationship.
;;0.4215;;from france, modi will travel to the united arab emirates on friday where he would receive the 'order of zayed', the highest civilian decoration conferred by the uae government.
;;0.0;;modi will then visit bahrain where he will hold talks with king shaikh hamad bin isa al khalifa and also witness the formal beginning of the re-development of the temple of shreenathji - the oldest in the gulf region before returning to france on sunday to attend the g7 summit meetings.
;;0.0;;the resolution copy has already been sent to prime minister modi and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis , a local leader said sunday.
;;0.8068;;chennai: tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on thursday sought the intervention of prime minister modi to remove the recently-introduced restrictive clauses for the handloom weavers' cooperative societies to avail of marketing incentives under national handloom development programme in the previous scheme, there was neither time limitation nor sales turnover as eligibility criteria, making it easier for the societies to avail of the incentives.
;;-0.1531;;there will not be any cash flow to the societies, and continuous employment of weavers would be affected ultimately, the cm said, in a letter to modi.
;;0.4019;;chhattarpur/mandsaur: prime minister modi on saturday hit out at congress for targeting his mother and urged the people of madhya pradesh to give a befitting reply to the party in the upcoming polls on november 28.
;;0.1779;;new delhi: stepping up his attack on the modi government over the rafale deal issue, congress president rahul gandhi on saturday urged all indians to ask prime minister modi and his ministers the questions he posed in parliament on the fighter jet agreement with france.
;;0.0;;the congress has alleged irregularities in the deal for 36 aircraft and claimed that the modi government is buying them at a price much higher than the one that was being negotiated by the previous government.
;;0.0;;owaisi also took a jibe at prime minister modi , saying the latter went to pakistan to attend then pakistan pm nawaz sharifs daughters wedding.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi met his counterpart in pakistan when there was a wedding.
;;0.0;;salem: prime minister modi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to urge him to set up the cauvery management board, said chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
;;0.5859;;he said a resolution was passed at an all-party meeting convened by aiadmk in february that representatives of all the political parties as well as those from farmers associations would personally meet prime minister modi and urge him to constitute the cauvery management board.
;;0.2263;;as uncertainty loomed in the valley, mainstream political parties also started making efforts to seek clarity from the centre on the issue with national conference president farooq abdullah requesting an appointment with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the former jammu and kashmir chief minister said he has sought an appointment with prime minister modi in this regard but he is yet to hear from his office.
;;0.4404;;jaipur: a book comprising prime minister modi 's speeches on good governance during his tenure as gujarat's chief minister will be distributed among ias officers in rajasthan, a senior state official said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;kochi: the appeal of prime minister modi and bjp's inclusive politics of sabka saath sabka vikas have found resonance all over the country, said senior bjp leader and union minister ravi shankar prasad.
;;0.0;;pm modi meets business leaders in abu dhabi including key nri businesspersons.
;;0.4404;;(photo via twitter@pmoindia)abu dhabi: prime minister modi on saturday said political stability and predictable policy framework have made india an attractive investment destination.
;;0.7717;;addressing a group of nri business community in the uae capital abu dhabi , modi thanked the community members, saying they have made a vital contribution to india's economic growth.
;;0.6808;;ani photonew delhi: former prime minister manmohan singh on thursday said there was no hope of modi government 's promise of $5 trillion economy becoming a reality if growth kept going down the way it has for the last five quarters.
;;0.6956;;singh said prime minister modi has been talking about achieving $5 trillion economy by 2024 but in the present situation it looks like a piped dream.
;;0.3818;;referring to bjps promises of two crore jobs every year, rahul exhorted modi to follow basavanna's line nudidanthe nade (practice what you preach).
;;-0.2263;;rahul said the prime minister who once called himself a 'chowkidaar' of the nation, was silent while fraudsters like nirav modi (accused in the pnb scam) looted the nations money.
;;-0.2023;;narendra modi put rs 14,000 crore into his friend's pocket in the rafale deal, he charged.
;;0.4215;;without taking the name of former chief minister b s yeddyurappa, rahul said, modi spoke about corruption while sharing the dais with a former cm who went to jail.
;;0.0;;india under the government of prime minister modi has carried out some really fundamental reforms.
;;0.7346;;summing up his impression of india's economy in the last four-and-a-half years of the modi government, the top imf economist said the country's growth performance has been very solid.
;;-0.4215;;kolkata: as they put up another show of unity against the modi government, opposition parties also took a reality check of the need to buffer themselves against the criticism that they were a ragtag assembly glued together only by dislike for bjp.
;;0.0;;they will be asking us who after modi.
;;0.5859;;all others should make way for the strongest bjp opponent in all the seats, said the cm as she worked up the legions of her devotees by declaring: the modi government has reached its expiry date.
;;-0.8442;;the opposition leaders attacked the modi government for allegedly cheating farmers and the youth, undermining institutions and for misusing the cbi and ed to make them serve bjp's partisan ends.
;;-0.6597;;former ministers in the atal bihari vajpayee cabinet, arun shourie and yashwant sinha, took on the modi government for its lunatic decisions such as demonetisation and the government fudging statistics while disgruntled bjp mp shatrughan sinha accused prime minister modi of corruption in the rafale deal.
;;-0.4005;;mamata was particularly fiery in her denunciations of modi.
;;0.2023;;lalduhawma of the zoram nationalist party of mizoram threw a challenge to the modi government over the citizenship bill saying, india will no longer remain a suitable place to live for people in the northeast if this bill is enacted.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 19, 2019file photo of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.765;;ahmedabad: prime minister modi held a close door round table meeting with heads of 27 global sovereign wealth funds, pension funds and institutional investors, on the evening friday, the first day of the three-day vibrant gujarat summit.
;;0.0;;the family has been awaiting an autopsy report and has written to prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah and chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.802;;baghpat: prime minister modi on sunday turned the tables on congress and said the party had no respect for democracy and constitutional institutions including the supreme court, the election commission and even the indian army .
;;0.0;;modi was addressing a rally in baghpat after inaugurating the rs 11,000 crore eastern peripheral expressway.
;;0.0;;in opposing modi , they have started opposing the country, the pm said.
;;0.9607;;prime minister modi modichennai: tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami and his deputy, o panneerselvam , on tuesday extended birthday greetings to prime minister modi in his message, the chief minister said, please accept my heartiest greetings and best wishes on the joyous occasion of your birthday.
;;0.4019;;aiadmks lone lok sabha member and opss son, p raveendranath kumar, wished modi a long, health, and successful life ahead in the service to the nation.
;;-0.7591;;this story is from november 27, 2018arvind kejriwal (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: days after he was attacked with chilli powder outside his chamber in delhi secretariat, arvind kejriwal on monday asked prime minister modi to step down if he could not ensure safety of a chief minister.
;;0.6486;;he said inclusive growth and development with dignity of all sections, including minorities, is the priority of the modi government.
;;0.0;;he said the modi government has prioritised infrastructure development in the country.
;;0.0;;the modi government has been taking several steps to make india a $5-trillion-economy, he added.
;;0.0;;he further said the modi government has taken strict action against economic corruption and that three lakh shell companies have been closed.
;;0.5106;;scrapping 370 is the result of strong nationalist policy of prime minister modi and home minister amit shah .
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi is starting another round of re-engagement with neighbourhood leaders.
;;0.5859;;in nepal, modi will fulfil an old wish  he will offer prayers at the janaki temple in janakpur, as well as address a public meeting.
;;-0.128;;modi will go on to kathmandu to meet prime minister k p oli where connectivity and investment will dominate discussions.
;;-0.296;;this time modi will enter nepal from patna, making janakpur his first stop.
;;0.0;;modi will travel to indonesia in june for a bilateral summit with president joko widodo, going on to singapore to deliver the keynote address at the shangri la dialogue, the first indian pm to do so.
;;-0.2732;;gandhi, while interacting with intellectuals in udaipur on saturday, had accused prime minister modi of politicising the surgical strikes.
;;0.0;;the letter was marked to prime minister modi and opposition leader mallikarjun kharge.
;;0.5267;;during his meetings with prime minister modi , kcr had urged the centre to extend financial help to the state for kaleshwaram project, which is being taken up at a cost of rs 80,000 crore.
;;-0.7184;;india's permanent representative to the un syed akbaruddin (file photo)new delhi: while india has said that terrorism is going to be just one of the several issues on prime minister modi 's agenda at the un general assembly, the government is likely to come back hard at pakistan on the same issue if the latter indeed raises kashmir-related developments there.
;;0.0;;akbaruddin also laid out the focus and priorities of modi when he arrives for the 74th unga session.
;;-0.4215;;jolted by the double blow, the congress also accused the bjp, prime minister modi and home minister amit shah of making attempts to topple the 13-month-old hd kumaraswamy government, a charge rejected by the saffron party.
;;0.4019;;raising eyebrows, a jds minister, however, gave a clean chit to modi and shah saying they were not involved in state politics.
;;0.6249;;he was responding to a question about jds leader and higher education minister g t devegowda's statement earlier in the day in mysuru giving a clean chit to modi and shah.
;;0.0;;co/veybkaxmdm  narendramodi_in (@narendramodi_in) 1526705499000leh: prime minister modi on saturday kickstarted work for zojila tunnel, asia's longest and strategic bi-directional tunnel, to provide all-weather connectivity between srinagar, kargil and leh.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday asked bjp mps to nurse their constituency by playing a leading role in its development and advised them to take up a cause of human sensitivity like eradication of leprosy or tuberculosis, parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi told reporters.
;;0.3612;;modi spoke about disease like leprosy and tb and invoked mahatma gandhi.
;;-0.3612;;the bill to target economic offenders was approved by the government following the escape of diamond merchant nirav modi and other accused in the over rs 12,700 crore punjab national bank scam.
;;-0.8591;;the opposition has sought to pin the blame for the fraud on the government and mounted an attack on it by pointing out that modi , after liquor baron vijay mallya, is the second big offender to flee india with a huge amount of money owed to public banks.
;;-0.34;;congress president rahul gandhi has launched pointed attacks at prime minister modi over this issue.
;;-0.2732;;chandigarh: prime minister modi unveiled the 135km kundli-ghaziabad-palwal (kgp) expressway, which is is expected to cut down travelling time between the two haryana towns from four hours to 72 minutes, at baghpat in uttar pradesh on sunday.
;;0.0;;in sonipat, modi inaugurated a digital gallery at the kgp expressways toll plaza.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone of the greenfield project was laid by modi on november 5, 2015.
;;0.6124;;while international companies have fared much better in india's buoyant consumer products and financial services industries, the turmoil in telecom is unlikely to help prime minister modi modi's campaign to lure more foreign capital.
;;0.6486;;new delhi: prime minister modi on friday said asia has emerged as a promising region for media businesses and offers opportunities for international cooperation.
;;0.4019;;the pm's message, delivered during the closing ceremony of the two-day asia media summit , was read out by asia-pacific institute for broadcasting development ( aibd ) director chang jin prime minister modi points out that our region has emerged as one of the promising regions for media business, especially the broadcasting sector.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi and union home minister rajnath singh have expressed their condolences over the incident, and the centre has been thinking seriously to ensure the security of its jawans and avoid such incidents in future, the minister of state for home affairs said.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 11, 2019prime minister modi will deliver the concluding speech at bjp's 2-day national council meet.
;;0.802;;new delhi: the modi government's social justice plank with its outreach to dalits, backward classes and general category is likely to be a key theme at the bjp 's two-day national council meeting starting friday afternoon, as the party looks to set the tone for its lok sabha poll campaign.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will deliver the concluding speech on saturday, laying down the agenda for the general elections.
;;0.9201;;party sources said the modi government's measures, like granting constitutional status to the obc commission and strengthening the law on atrocities against dalits and tribals, are likely to be highlighted and projected as part of its social justice project.
;;0.0;;the modi government has empowered every section of society.
;;0.0;;even an election rally by prime minister modi at santhemaralli in the border district was managed smoothly.
;;0.3182;;he further said that prime minister modi should concentrate on completing its reform agenda, including importantly making india a federation.
;;-0.4019;;the crew, in a letter earlier, to prime minister modi and the external affairs ministry had alleged corruption by the indonesian navy and that they had been detained against the rules.
;;-0.128;;hyderabad: stepping up the demand for bison polo ground land, trs floor leader in the lok sabha ap jithender reddy on wednesday urged prime minister modi to transfer the ground in secunderabad to the state government, which is planning to construct a new and sprawling secretariat complex there.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who arrived in russia's far eastern city of vladivostok earlier today, gave a joint statement at the 20th annual summit between the two countries, along with russian president vladimir putin by side.
;;0.0;;the president also recalled that he met prime minister modi on the sidelines of the g20 summit recently held in osaka, japan , and the shanghai cooperation council (sco) in the kyrgyz capital of bishkek.
;;-0.3182;;we (india and russia) both are against outside influence in the internal matters of any nation, modi stressed in an apparent reference to pakistan's diabolic attempts of internationalizing the kashmir issue.
;;0.5719;;upon his arrival, modi received a guard of honour at the vladivostok international airport.
;;0.0;;modi along with putin will be addressing the 5th eastern economic forum, wherein the former would be batting for more investment and business ventures.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: there was no conversation in osaka between prime minister modi and us president donald trump on kashmir or mediation in the dispute, and this is borne out by official records of discussions by both the indian and us governments.
;;-0.296;;there was no one-on-one meeting between modi and trump.
;;0.1027;;modi, unusually, listed out the four topics he wanted to talk about with trump - iran, bilateral issues, 5g and defence.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 22, 2019prime minister modi (pti photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.802;;surat: a gujarati couple has earned praise from prime minister modi for designing their wedding invitation card with a dedicated page justifying the nda government's decision to buy rafale fighter jets.
;;0.0;;i noticed a unique feature of the marriage invitation card sent to the guests, read the letter signed and sent by modi.
;;-0.5267;;on the controversy surrounding the alleged last-minute exclusion of psu hindustan aeronautics ltd (hal) from the deal, the couple defended the modi government by writing, upa itself had refused the contract to hal, which quoted 2.
;;0.8122;;talking to reporters, pokharna said he was extremely happy that modi noticed the gesture and showered praises.
;;-0.4404;;his fiancee said the intention was to make women, especially housewives, aware about the deal in which the opposition congress has alleged irregularities, a charge stoutly denied by the bjp and the modi government.
;;0.6808;;our gift would be whatsoever you may wish to contribute towards bjp via namo app and your vote for modi in 2019 lok sabha elections , reads the footnote on the front page of the invitation card.
;;0.2732;;mehsana/panchmahal: after capitalizing on congress veteran mani shankar aiyars neech remark, prime minister modi latched onto another indiscretion by another congress campaigner salman nizami to strongly invoke gujarati asmita (gujarati pride) in his public speeches.
;;0.1531;;that is ok but he asks - modi tell me who is your mother, who is your father.
;;0.5719;;modi recalled pro-pakistan slogans shared by nizami on twitter to suggest congress has implicitly supported such comments and said, among the other things he says -- he calls for azad kashmir.
;;-0.3818;;, modi questioned prompting the crowd to retort no.
;;-0.3182;;modi recalled congress recent defeats in assembly polls and municipal elections in uttar pradesh and said, congress na pura supda saaf thai gaya ( congress will be wiped out completely, he said and added, as congress has been routed from the entire country.
;;0.8555;;the huge turnout at his rally here came as a huge relief for bjp leaders who have been mobilizing support as the pm had to pause his speech several times due to modi , modi chants.
;;0.4019;;mumbai: ending days of speculation about him joining the bjp, ncp's lok sabha member udayanraje bhosale on friday declared he is joining the ruling party in the presence of prime minister modi in delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;bjp mla ram kadam distributed kaju katli at vidhan bhavan, emphasizing prime minister modi 's befitting reply to pakistan .
;;0.7184;;this is a new and a strong india led by modi , said chief minister devendra fadnavis corporators from the bjp, the second largest party in the bmc, gathered before the corporation's meeting to raise the tricolor and chant slogans.
;;0.0;;sources said at the meeting called by prime minister modi to review the oil and gas sector on october 12, the oil ministry was asked to prepare an in-house white paper on ovl looking into various issues, including reasons for its establishment, cost incurred and returns till date.
;;0.2023;;washington: a top american lawmaker has urged his congressional colleagues to attend prime minister modi 's public address in houston later this month, according to a media report.
;;0.7003;;'as a co-chair [of the congressional caucus on india and indian-americans], i hope that you will participate in welcoming prime minister modi to houston, congressman brad sherman said, as reported by the daily beast on wednesday.
;;0.8779;;the mega event, billed as howdy modi , has attracted great enthusiastic participation from indian-american community.
;;0.5423;;however, leaders believe that gujarat poll has proved that `modi magic' is still intact and it could help them achieve the target.
;;-0.3489;;the party had roped in all big shots, including prime minister modi , but could not save its face, though they have retained power.
;;0.5023;;but bjp has its own logic for roping in big guns like prime minister modi in state assembly polls.
;;0.0;;despite, facing anti-incumbency of 22 years, the `modi magic' has worked, he added.
;;0.5859;;it is because of these issues that the leaders are banking on `modi magic' to win polls, said a partys state functionary.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has invited turkish companies to invest in indian sectors such as railways, airports, tourism and housing.
;;0.4215;;chennai: amidst indications of growing bonhomie between the bjp and the edappadi k palaniswami dispensation in tamil nadu, aiadmk (puratchi thalaivi amma) leaders led by o panneerselvam on friday called on prime minister modi , seeking to convey that 'all is well' between 'them'.
;;0.0;;it also came in the wake of the modi government's reach-out plan to bring on board the eps faction.
;;0.0;;electricity minister and senior leader in the eps camp, p thangamani managed to meet modi last week and his cabinet colleagues met union ministers nitin gadkari and rajnath singh.
;;-0.4588;;immediately after the government prevailed in the battle of nerves over the triple talaq bill, visitors at prime minister modi modis office expected to meet a man in high spirits.
;;0.8658;;they often seemed to represent contrasting personalities  while modi , a strict vegetarian, would open up only in the company of those he trusted, jaitley loved nonvegetarian food and, given a trusting nature, was prone to letting his guard down even with mere acquaintances.
;;0.6124;;jaitley enjoyed good ties with the lutyens elite whom modi had no time for.
;;-0.4019;;and while modi would be a tough taskmaster and apply rules without discrimination, jaitley could put up with the lethargic lot, too.
;;-0.25;;jaitley persuaded a reluctant modi to purchase a plot in a gandhi nagar cooperative society meant for lawmakers and took the adjacent one himself.
;;0.34;;modi had a role to play in jaitleys election to rajya sabha from gujarat.
;;-0.6597;;when modi found himself battling allegations over the 2002 communal riots, jaitley used his position as an mp from the state to reel off statistics to counter perception of the state governments dereliction of duty.
;;0.0;;he was among those who foiled the bid to replace modi as chief minster when then-pm atal bihari vajpayee had been persuaded to do so by  as jaitley would put it  a clique of careerists seeking a leadership change in gujarat.
;;0.0;;jaitley was at the forefront of the campaign within sangh parivar to project modi as bjps pm face for the 2014 lok sabha polls and opposed manoeuvres against the move at the national executive in goa in 2013.
;;0.4019;;when modi arrived in the city to campaign for him, he sensed jaitley was up against heavy odds and tried to salvage the situation by promising a big post in the government for him.
;;-0.1655;;jaitley lost but modi kept his word.
;;0.0;;he gave advice only when sought and modi sounded him out frequently on diverse issues.
;;0.0;;for modi , jaitley remained a durable sounding board.
;;0.0;;jaitley found himself answering a flurry of queries when he informed modi of his decision to go for bariatric surgery in september 2014.
;;0.3412;;modi spoke to jaitleys wife sangeeta and children to tell them they need not worry.
;;0.128;;as jaitleys health problems persisted, modi remained a concerned family friend.
;;0.0;;and when jaitley underwent a kidney transplant, modi invited the donor, a relative of the former finance minister, for a long conversation  a thanksgiving gesture of sorts.
;;-0.2572;;taking a dig at pm modi , she said the bjp government staged a drama despite knowing very well that the bill would not be passed in the upper house.
;;-0.1027;;on january 4, prime minister modi had mentioned at a public rally in silchar that the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016, is a prayaschitta (atonement) for the mistakes committed during partition.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 4, 2019(from left to right) prime minister modi and tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
;;0.0;;moreover, since the plan is to have chief minister pinarayi vijayan to inaugurate the airport, without prime minister modi , a bjp leader landing there much before the formal commissioning would be seen as some kind of a settling of scores by bjp.
;;0.128;;smriti distributed cheques among 25 farmers under the pm kisan scheme launched by modi in gorakhpur on sundaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;lucknow: union minister smriti irani visited congress chief rahul gandhis bastion amethi on sunday to take stock of the preparations for prime minister modi modis visit there on march 3.
;;0.128;;she also distributed cheques to 25 farmers under the centres kisan samman nidhi scheme, which was launched by modi in gorakhpur on sunday.
;;0.4019;;gupta said mehta had uploaded a poster on facebook which had prime minister modi , abhinandan and himself, with the caption asking people to vote for the party that brought abhinandan back from pakistan.
;;-0.296;;some members of the felicitation organizing committee, which is headed by chief minister devendra fadnavis , felt the theme would also offend prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.3818;;bjp has failed to fulfil their promise, mayawati tweeted soon after prime minister modi launched the ambitious pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi (pm-kisan) at a gathering in uttar pradesh 's gorakhpur on sunday.
;;-0.4767;;the modi government is not desisting from its wrong and mischievous mentality even at the time of the lok sabha elections.
;;0.5719;;the move comes about a year after prime minister modi , during up assembly election campaign, accused the then ruling samajwadi party of playing politics over religion by giving long hours of power supply on eid than diwali.
;;0.4939;;it was a brief meeting with prime minister modi that inspired govindan to undertake the campaign.
;;0.0;;stating that he would visit vadodara more often, hardik even scoffed at prime minister modi for talking about his local connections at every rally.
;;-0.0516;;chennai: in spite of being coy about their partys relationship with bjp, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami and deputy chief minister o panneerselvam were among the first to congratulate prime minister modi on the partys victory in the karnataka polls, much before the official results were out.
;;0.743;;your diligent and conscientious efforts not only yielded the desired fruits in the 15th state but also added another feather in your cap of glory, panneerselvam said in a letter to modi , which he later posted on his official twitter handle.
;;0.0;;neither panneerselvam nor palaniswami has been able to get an appointment with modi since.
;;-0.6808;;ajmer: a day after prime minister modi took a dig at rahul gandhi 's hug and wink episode in parliament, the congress president hit back on thursday by saying that modi spreads hatred to hide own fears.
;;0.4019;;gandhi said when he hugged modi in parliament the prime minister's hatred got subdued by his (gandhi's) love.
;;0.7425;;prime minister modi has taken many big decisions in favour of national sentiments and i am hugely impressed with that.
;;0.2023;;beijing: the wuhan summit between prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping could be as significant as the one between former premier rajiv gandhi and then leader of china deng xiaoping in 1988, the official chinese media commented on tuesday.
;;0.0;;after visiting china in 2015, modi attended the ninth brics summit in xiamen last year and will attend the summit of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) in qingdao in june.
;;0.6597;;b'varanasi: when prime minister modi promised to serve the ailing \'maa ganga\' while launching his election campaign here in 2014, a lot of hope was generated.
;;0.2579;;trichy: opposition parties in the state will not allow prime minister modi to enter tamil nadu if the bjp government at the centre goes ahead with the mekedatu reservoir project across cauvery river in karnataka, dmk president m k stalin said here on tuesday.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi , please bear in your mind that if you have any plan to betray tamil nadu on the mekedatu project and if you dont take action to save the people of tamil nadu, we will create a situation whereby you will never be able come to tamil nadu, said stalin at a demonstration against the central government for allowing karnataka to prepare a detailed project report (dpr) for the reservoir.
;;-0.1695;;criticising modi for not releasing adequate cyclone relief fund to tamil nadu, stalin asked why the people of tamil nadu should pay taxes to the central government.
;;-0.3818;;while the state was bearing the brunt of a natural disaster, the bjp-led modi government was conspiring against tamil nadu, he said, adding that the lotus will not blossom in tamil nadu, indirectly referring to the bjps efforts to open their account in the state.
;;0.0;;stockholm: prime minister modi has arrived in sweden for a two-day visit as he kicks off a trip that also will take him to britain pm modi landed monday at stockholm arlanda airport accompanied by a business delegation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is unlikely to have bilateral talks in london with his pakistani counterpart, shahid khaqan abbasi .
;;0.0;;the goal was reiterated by prime minister modi in march 2018.
;;0.0258;;his name was proposed by prime minister modi on the third day of lok sabha session and got the backing of all the nda allies.
;;-0.7579;;bhatt was arrested on september 30 in connection with an fir filed against him by state police constable kd pant in june for allegedly threatening him and making him sign false affidavits regarding a meeting by chief minister modi on february 27, 2002 after the godhra train incident.
;;0.0;;varanasi: kakrahia is the third village of the district after jayapur and nageypur, which has been adopted by prime minister modi under saansad adarsh gram yojana (sagy) for developing it as a model village in 2017-18.
;;0.0;;formal announcement of kakrahia village by the pm would be made soon from delhi or during the next varanasi visit of modi.
;;0.7003;;security for pms visitmeanwhile, an spg team visited thrissur on thursday for conducting advanced security liaison (asl) in connection with the visit of prime minister modi on sunday.
;;-0.4019;;by express news servicebengaluru: state congress president dinesh gundu rao on tuesday lambasted chief minister bs yediyurappa for his inept handling of the flood situation and prime minister modi for turning a blind eye to karnataka.
;;-0.2732;;the high-powered committee headed by prime minister modi removed verma from the post on thursday on charges of corruption and dereliction of duty.
;;0.0;;download the times of india news app for latest citymysuru: it was the heritage city for years before prime minister modi announced the swachh bharat scheme around five years ago.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has explained everything regarding evms in the rajya sabha for the people.
;;-0.7317;;beijing: china signalled on wednesday that it would continue to block indias entry into the nuclear suppliers group despite the special rapport struck between prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping during the past three meetings starting with the wuhan talks in april last year.
;;-0.6486;;chandigarh: haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar on sunday said fear of losing elections was making congress leaders avoid seeking votes in the name of their party president rahul gandhi even as his predecessor and senior congress leader bhupinder singh hooda alleged that bjp was asking for votes in the name of prime minister modi as it had nothing to show for its performance.
;;0.128;;launched in 2014 by prime minister modi , the second phase of the financial inclusion scheme that seeks to provide a bank account to everyone ends in august.
;;-0.5719;;the politics of hate and dividing people is a strategy cultivated by prime minister modi .
;;-0.6597;;the former karnataka chief minister also accused primeminister modi and bjp national president amit shah ofindulging in destabilising the coalition government as they fear getting just three our four seats in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
;;0.5499;;not only state leaders of bjp, but central leaders of the party, including modi , shah and central ministers were also involved in attempts to destabilise the coalition government in karnataka, he alleged.
;;0.0;;mr modi calls himself chowkidar, where is chowkidar getting the money from?
;;-0.0516;;'mann ki baat' radio broadcast +programme launched on october 2, 2014 +new delhi: answering the critics of his, prime minister modi on sunday said he had not thought it would be viewed politically when he launched the programme more than two years back.
;;0.4588;;referring to the upcoming 3rd international yoga day on june 21, modi invited selfies of three generations of a family - grand parents, parents and children - on the pattern of 'selfie with daughter' campaign earlier.
;;-0.1779;;new delhi: congress on sunday mocked prime minister modi and his government for their alleged failure in creating jobs and reining in corruption as the opposition party marked april fool's day as ' jumla day '.
;;-0.0772;;the party also put out a series of tweets attacking the government and the pm modi on several issues.
;;0.5927;;he said the next lok sabha polls would be contested under the leadership of prime minister modi but it would be better if the nda constituents took a decision on seat-sharing soon.
;;0.0;;later, modi seconded the jd(u)s claim and said pm modi is the nda face at the centre and nitish in bihar.
;;0.0;;bjp functionary and state health minister mangal pandey said nitish is their elder brother, but pm modi was the elder brother of bihar cm.
;;0.4939;;top administrative officials on friday reviewed the security arrangement ahead of prime minister modi modis proposed visit to palamu on january 5.
;;0.2263;;prime minister modi flew in here from varanasi and drove straight to the residence of kumar at basavanagudi and paid homage to his colleague by placing a wreath on his mortal remains, on monday night.
;;0.0;;modi consoled kumar's wife tejaswini and his two daughters during his 15-minute visit.
;;0.3612;;us president donald trump in july said he would like to mediate between india and pakistan and that his offer was made after a request from prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4404;;the ministry of external affairs has denied that modi made such an offer.
;;0.0;;to a question about prime minister imran khan's rhetoric against indian counterpart, faisal said, whatever our prime minister says about modi , i stand by it.
;;0.2263;;the comments come days after prime minister modi termed those questioning the economic potential as professional pessimists and exuded confidence in the country becoming a $5-trillion economic giant during the course of his governments second term itself.
;;0.0;;he pointed out that even prime minister modi appoints a cabinet colleague to address administrative issues while he is travelling.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the union cabinet headed by prime minister modi met on monday, amidst speculation that the government may take some decisions on jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7269;;bhopal: a day after prime minister modi showered praise on uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath for daring to bust the noida jinx, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan announced on tuesday that he will break a similar myth by visiting ashoknagar.
;;-0.0772;;jaipur: after having marathon meetings and rallies at violence-hit hindaun city and gangapur city in karauli and sawai madhopur districts, respectively, rajya sabha mp kirori lal meena had a meeting with prime minister modi meena informed modi on the violence-hit areas and how opposition congress was misleading people.
;;0.7184;;meena added that modi assured him that rights and interests of sc/sts would be safeguarded by the government.
;;0.4588;;he also urged modi to expedite the process for the rajasthan eastern canal project which is going to benefit sawai madhopur, dausa, karauli, dholpur, bharatpur, alwar and a few more districts.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis visit to washington should take place soonest possible.
;;0.5423;;terming it an end to the suffering of muslim women, women and child development minister smriti irani said was only prime minister modi understood the pain of muslim women and fulfilled his commitment for ensuring gender justice.
;;-0.3612;;agra: dr bhimrao ambedkar university teachers association has sent a 10-point complain letter to prime minister modi against mismanagement by vice-chancellor arvind kumar dixit.
;;-0.4767;;deputy chief minister nitin patel urged the poor people of gujarat to put their might behind modi in 2019.
;;-0.6486;;the dycm, while inaugurating the garib kalyan mela, said, prime minister modi has said that no poor person will be homeless in 2022.
;;-0.25;;he said the modi government at the centre gave gas connections to poor people and had even increased the subsidy for building houses.
;;0.25;;patel attributed almost all the schemes of the government to the vision of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the first garib kalyan mela was organised under modi as chief minister.
;;0.6705;;the minister said article 370 , which gave special status to the northern state, was a historical blunder and by scrapping that special status, prime minister modi has shown immense courage and corrected that historical wrong.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 15, 2019prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: prime minister modi 's visit to kerala on tuesday will set the tone for the bjp's campaign for the upcoming lok sabha elections.
;;0.4019;;modi will address party workers in mavelikkara, kollam and alappuzha parliament constituencies at the public rally being organized at kollam ashramam ground on tuesday.
;;0.0;;according to sources, modi will also address rallies in palakkad and thiruvananthapuram on yet to be finalised dates next month.
;;0.0;;according to him, the possibility for modi discussing political strategies with bjp leaders during his kollam visit is unlikely.
;;0.0258;;pm's schedule: modi will reach thiruvananthapuram at 4pm on tuesday.
;;0.0;;speaking in the house during the just-concluded session, birla had urged prime minister modi to include the expansion and modernisation of parliament building in his resolution for ' new india ', on the completion of the 75th year of india's independence.
;;0.6597;;in the first office-bearers' meet since the electoral setback, party leaders finalised a series of events for the next three months, which will see prime minister modi and the bjp chief travelling to various parts of the country and holding public rallies and addressing party cadres.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will address the kisan morcha meet to be held in uttar pradesh on february 21-22 for which the host city is yet to be decided, yadav said.
;;0.0;;chennai: with cyclone gaja rendering nearly four lakh people homeless, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami left for new delhi to meet prime minister modi on thursday morning and seek central assistance of nearly 15,000 crore.
;;0.4215;;patna: the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by prime minister modi , has approved rs 2,729.
;;-0.1027;;police said one of the features that give away the dubious site is that has names of prime minister modi as well as of late rajiv gandhi.
;;-0.7351;;new delhi: indias path to economic recovery faces another obstacle, with prime minister modi asking the state road builder to stop constructing highways after its debt ballooned almost seven-fold over the past five years.
;;-0.4404;;however, this came with the burden of escalating costs, leaving nhai increasingly dependent on the government for financial support at a time when modi is looking to contain his budget deficit.
;;-0.5106;;weak private sector participation pushed modi to scrap this practice and he permitted nhai to bear as much as 100  of the costs in certain road projects that led to ballooning debt.
;;0.0;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1519697525000new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday urged the people of nagaland and meghalaya to come out and vote in large numbers for the assembly elections.
;;0.0;;modi tweeted as the polling for both 60-seat houses began in the northeastern states at 8am.
;;0.2263;;meanwhile, a whistleblower gurnek singh brar, who was an se in punjab state electricity board (pseb), dealing with meter purchase has been sending emails continuously to all the concerned officials including prime minister modi , haryana chief minister (cm), haryana chief secretary (cs) and other important officials giving detailed information about this case and an estimated loss of around rs 1,500 crore, if only 20  of the 12 lakh procured meters were tampered for electricity theft.
;;0.2732;;this story is from october 27, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the rashtriya swayamsevak sanghs minority outreach wing  muslim rashtriya manch (mrm)  has initiated a drive to project prime minister modi as the communitys messiah and flay the congress.
;;0.25;;how congress has hampered the muslim interests was only realized through modi.
;;-0.4215;;the campaign would also stress on how modi has led to an awakening in the community, afzal said.
;;0.3818;;shimla: commenting on the 56 inch chest of prime minister modi at shimla international literature festival-2019 landed tehseen poonawala on sticky wicket with local people fiercely opposing him for his comment and asked him to apologise.
;;0.1779;;he said that it does not seem that prime minister modi wants kashmir issue to be resolved.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister modi had said that after demonetisation, terrorism will stop but it has not happened.
;;0.7717;;as far as the deployment of security forces in the state is concerned, prime minister modi , union home minister amit shah and national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval should better know about it, he said.
;;0.0;;jaishankar said in partnership with the indian diaspora, prime minister modi addressed events in san jose in 2015 and madison square in new york in 2014, and the september 22 event at houston will be the third.
;;-0.6597;;cm manohar parrikar, who briefed prime minister modi about the tragedy, said there would be very few casualties.
;;0.0;;bhatt has annexed the fax massages sent to chief minister modi , zadaphia and higher cops informing how mobs were gathering around gulbarg society and naroda patia, and how former congress mp ehsan jafri was sending sos.
;;-0.7845;;he urged the commission to prevent further destruction of documents by the state government, for it is headed by modi who is the most leading and most culpable dramatis personae of the 2002 riots.
;;0.25;;on april 15, toi had reported about the unrealistically low emissions of sulphur dioxide and particulate matter recorded from the stack (chimney) of ktps's three units, which were dedicated to the nation by prime minister modi on april 14.
;;0.0;;the bill on fixing msp by adding on 50  of the cost of production was part of prime minister modi modis poll agenda itself.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: chief minister k chandrasekhar rao on saturday said he had explained to prime minister modi not only about the rythu bandhu scheme, but also advised him to implement rythu bhima for farmers in the country.
;;0.7096;;asked if modi responded positively to requests he made for the state, kcr said: like always, i represented to him.
;;0.0;;he made the announcement, while speaking to reporters after inspecting the rs 150 crore super-speciality hospital, which will be inaugurated by prime minister modi on january 27.
;;0.0;;guwahati: prime minister modi modis two-day trip to the northeast, which he embarked upon on friday, is his fourth visit to the region in as many months.
;;0.0;;till march last year, when modi went to agartala for the swearing-in of biplab deb as the first bjp chief minister of the state, he had made over 25 trips to the region.
;;-0.8126;;panaji: ridiculing the bjp for its failure to restart mining operations in goa, the state congress said prime minister modi ignored the six-member delegation led by pwd minister ramkrishna dhavalikar as he was not concerned about goa.
;;0.0;;full text of prime minister modi modis statement on his us tripmy upcoming usa visit would include various high-level programmes that would further cement indias ties with usa, https://t.
;;0.7184;;co/5kruhttosx  modi (@narendramodi) 1568985774000new delhi: prime minister modi on friday said that his visit to the us from september 21 to 27 would present india as a vibrant land of opportunities.
;;0.5994;;prime minister modi is scheduled to embark on a seven-day visit to the us where he will be seen interacting with ceos of leading energy companies in houston before his address at the 74th session of united nation general assembly in new york.
;;0.0;;pm modi will then address the indian-american community and their elected representatives in houston at the ' howdy , modi' event, which will also be attended by us president donald trump.
;;0.6997;;pm modi will also address the opening plenary of the bloomberg global business forum and where he is likely to invite american business leaders to participate more actively in india's economic growth and transformation.
;;0.1027;;after the airport was developed to international standards at a cost of rs 130 crore, the city was chosen under the regional connectivity scheme, udan, one of the flagship projects of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.3182;;the bjp leaders took strong exception to tdp visakhapatnam east legislator v ganesh leading a protest on monday where the activists used footwear on prime minister modi 's photo.
;;0.0;;modi is going to colombo for the second time now.
;;-0.1779;;while chief minister jai ram thakur had attacked the congress on monday, saying the party is worried as the name of its top leadership has surfaced in the case, state congress president sukhvinder singh sukhu hit back at the bjp on tuesday, alleging that it was prime minister modi who is involved in the deal.
;;0.3182;;the sad president also announced that he would request prime minister modi to give a special package to the border areas in punjab as the border areas were still undeveloped and special package would result in the advent of industry and consequent jobs in the area.
;;-0.5267;;chief minister k chandrasekhar rao blames prime minister modi , accusing him of being communal.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet headed by prime minister modi approved the budget for 2019-20 following which finance minister nirmala sitharaman presented it in the lok sabha.
;;0.0;;former rajasthan chief minister and bjp leader vasundhara raje congratulated modi and sitharaman, saying the budget was inclusive.
;;0.0;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is likely to meet prime minister modi in delhi on wednesday and her efforts to reach out to the pm invited a dig from the bjp which saw it as a classic example of opportunistic politics.
;;0.0;;bjp national secretary rahul sinha said, we all know the kind of language she (banerjee) had used against prime minister modi during elections and even after that.
;;-0.4133;;according to a another senior bjp leader who did not wish to be named, banerjee has sought the meeting with modi to save herself and her tmc leaders from the clutches of the cbi which is probing the multi-crore chit fund scam in the state.
;;-0.6124;;when he met delegations from the trading city, he expressed regret that they did not choose to inform him of their angst but the events did ring alarm bells, and led to a series of course corrections with shah pressing prime minister modi to address the issue upfront in his poll rallies.
;;-0.128;;his remarks came days after prime minister modi on monday categorically rejected any scope for third party mediation on kashmir, saying it was a bilateral issue between india and pakistan - a position that was immediately backed by us president donald trump who had recently offered to mediate.
;;0.3818;;in an apparent backtracking from his earlier comments, trump, while speaking to the media alongside modi on the sidelines of the g-7 summit in france, said he feels that both india and pakistan can resolve the kashmir issue on their own.
;;0.0;;mayawati's comments came hours before an all-party meeting called by prime minister modi to discuss several issues, including the idea of one nation, one election, celebration of 150 years of mahatma gandhi 's birth anniversary this year and 75 years of independence in 2022.
;;0.4404;;after modi addressed a niti aayog meeting last week, an official release said: the prime minister called for widespread debate and consultations on simultaneous elections for lok sabha and vidhan sabhas, keeping in view various aspects such as the resulting financial savings and consequent better utilisation of resources.
;;0.4215;;therefore, modi and abe are likely to announce that india and japan will work in third countries and with them to fulfil indo-pacific goals of being inclusive and helpful.
;;0.5719;;greater clarity and a roadmap will dominate discussions between modi and abe this weekend.
;;0.6369;;the speaker urged prime minister modi to include the expansion and modernization of parliament building in his resolution for the naya bharat on the completion of 75 years of indias freedom in 2022.
;;0.0;;since the launch of mudra yojana by prime minister modi in april 2015, banks have disbursed more than rs 3.
;;0.6808;;porvorim: just days after prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah promised farmers in karnataka that the mhadei water sharing dispute could be resolved through an amicable solution, goa agriculture minister vijai sardesai rubbished the notion and said that goa would not compromise on the issue.
;;0.6597;;sardesai, whose party, goa forward party (gfp), is part of the nda, also seemed to suggest that the statements made by modi and shah were as part of the ongoing election campaign for the karnataka assembly polls.
;;0.34;;on friday, modi assured farmers in gadag that the bjp would resolve the mhadei water dispute if the bjp came to power in karnataka.
;;-0.1531;;the cost and destruction by demonetisation was endured by every citizen of this country other than few crony capitalist friends of prime minister modi.
;;0.5719;;guwahati: when prime minister modi saw clouds kissing the waters of the mighty brahmaputra from the bhupen hazarika bridge on friday, there was neither politics nor governance in his mind.
;;0.0;;modi had chosen to return to assam one year after witnessing the swearing-in of sarbananda sonowal as the first bjp chief minister of the state.
;;-0.25;;all that changed, at least for a brief period, when modi walked down the bridge alone for a small stretch shortly after opening it for millions of people of assam and arunachal pradesh.
;;0.8658;;under the new security architect of the modi government, the nsa and his office have been empowered to take a call on key security aspects ranging from information technology and defence planning to internal security and intelligence gathering.
;;0.1027;;nsa doval, for instance, is likely to head the implementation committee for the setting up of a new combined defence service (cds) chief, as announced by pm modi during his independence day address.
;;0.4588;;he said that there has been real improvement in the relationship between india and israel after prime minister modi came to power in 2014.
;;0.0;;rajesh modi tweeted to prime minister modi and all mlas and mps of bjp, rajkot is of vijay rupani, ahmedabad of amit shah and vadodara of pm modi modi.
;;0.5719;;the government's flagship health insurance scheme  launched by prime minister modi on september 23 in ranchi  aims to provide an annual health cover of rs 5 lakh per family to around 50 crore beneficiaries from nearly 10.
;;-0.7845;;vijayawada: angered over prime minister modi modis accusation of misuse of funds given to ap, chief minister n chandrababu naidu has decided to intensify his fight against the corrupt bjp and autocratic modi at the national level.
;;-0.3252;;he hit back saying, modi never cared for his family.
;;0.5423;;could you admit that you are the proud husband of jashodaben, naidu challenged modi.
;;-0.7906;;the downturn - regarded by industry executives as the worst suffered by the indian auto industry - is posing a big challenge for prime minister modi modi's government as it begins its second term at a time when india's jobless numbers are climbing.
;;0.8402;;file photonew delhi: chief justice ranjan gogoi has written to prime minister modi to initiate a motion in parliament for removal of allahabad high courts justice s n shukla, whose removal was recommended 18 months ago after an in-house panel found merit in charges of serious judicial irregularities.
;;0.0;;the karnataka governor has encountered the constitution at the behest of prime minister modi and amit shah, congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said.
;;0.0;;new delhi: india and china are preparing for a series of high-level interactions leading up to prime minister modi modis visit for the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in june and both sides are expected to tone down some of the hardline approaches that have characterised bilateral relations in the past few months.
;;0.8126;;co/vsrv3urmv1  amit shah (@amitshah) 1565104135000new delhi: giving credit to prime minister modi for the passage of bills on jammu and kashmir in parliament, home minister amit shah tuesday said it was because of his leadership that the country has got justice pending for the past 70 years.
;;0.6486;;the decisive leadership of prime minister modi has ensured delivery of justice for india pending for last 70 years.
;;0.5574;;the decision shows dedication of mr modi towards the integrity of india and people's interests from kashmir to kanyakumari, he said.
;;-0.1531;;new delhi: upping the ante over hal 's reported cash crunch, congress president rahul gandhi on tuesday alleged that prime minister modi paid rs 20,000 crore to france's dassault aviation even though it has not delivered a single rafale jet, but refuses to pay the dues of the indian aerospace major.
;;-0.8442;;gandhi's attack comes a day after he accused the modi government of weakening public sector undertaking hindustan aeronautics limited (hal) and destroying india's strategic capability to benefit industrialist anil ambani the pm pays 20,000 cr.
;;-0.0613;;all india sikh conference president gurcharan singh babbar said they had submitted a memorandum to prime minister modi , urging him to stop the release of the movie without delay.
;;0.34;;manama: prime minister modi on saturday said the rupay card will soon be launched in bahrain after india and the gulf nation signed a mou to allow the indian expatriates hassle-free money transfer at cheaper costs.
;;0.128;;earlier in the day, modi launched the rupay card in abu dhabi, making the uae the first country in the middle east to initiate the indian indigenous system of electronic payment.
;;0.0;;he asked, adding, prime minister modi must intervene.
;;0.0;;with that question to prime minister modi , us president donald trump put the spotlight firmly on the nba's india debut next month where the organisers are expecting a full house.
;;0.5574;;i may come, be careful, i may come, he quipped as prime minister modi laughed.
;;0.0;;bjp will bank on its most-dependable face, prime minister modi , in the upcoming assembly elections.
;;0.0;;moreover, people here modi and will vote for us, bjp state in-charge sunil deodhar told et.
;;0.0;;before the start of proceedings, bjp members were seen clapping when prime minister modi walked into the house.
;;0.4939;;with folded hands, modi greeted the members as well as those in the opposition benches.
;;-0.6908;;the congress demanded a reply from the prime minister on the whereabouts of nirav modi , one of the alleged kingpins of the rs 12,700 crore fraud at punjab national bank.
;;0.5423;;the union cabinet under the chairmanship of prime minister modi has earlier this week cleared the decks for approval of the jammu and kashmir reservation (amendment) bill, 2019, which will now be introduced in parliament in the forthcoming session.
;;0.4019;;ahmedabad/bhabhar: a day ahead of the gujarat assembly elections, prime minister modi asked congress to choose between ram mandir and babri masjid and also explain why the party was linking hearings in the ram janmabhoomi case with the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;-0.5574;;modi referred to suspended congr ess member mani shankar aiyar 's remark - he had called modi a neech kism ka admi - and exhorted the electorate to punish congress by voting heavily in favour of bjp.
;;0.0;;citing a three-year-old video, modi also alleged aiyar had met pakistanis to hatch a plot to get modi removed from the way .
;;0.0;;mani shankar aiyar had gone to pakistan and plotted to remove modi from the way.
;;0.0;;what is the meaning of 'elimin ate modi from the way'?
;;0.0;;you had gone to pakistan to give a contract to eliminate modi.
;;0.7184;;pm modi (ani photo)new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday announced that a grand museum dedicated to all the former prime ministers of the country will be built in delhi.
;;0.6444;;prime minister modi said there is a 'jamat'  a certain section  in the country that made it a habit to tarnish the image of the prime ministers so that their good work would not be remembered.
;;0.7783;;for this exercise, being like-minded is not necessary but people should be right-minded, singh said, adding, there is extreme love in the heart of prime minister modi for jammu and kashmir .
;;0.2023;;davos: prime minister modi held a much-anticipated roundtable with ceos of top global companies before his keynote address at the plenary session of the world economic forum (wef).
;;0.25;;here, toi presents highlights of the eventful meet, including reactions to the pm's speech, accounts of chance meetings and some off-the-cuff revelatory comments made by the pm:with pm modi scheduled to speak at 11.
;;0.0;;before modi spoke, the big discussion in the media was whether he would speak in english or hindi.
;;0.1027;;both sbis rajnish kumar and icici banks chanda kochhar stopped to exchange pleasantries with arcelormittal boss lakshmi mittal , after the opening session addressed by modi.
;;0.0;;after his speech, modi rushed for a bilateral meeting with canadian pm justin trudeau, who is to visit india next month with his family and a large business delegation.
;;-0.0387;;modi may have walked in later than scheduled for the meeting with ceos, but he eased the tension as soon as he sat down for a photograph with them.
;;0.5994;;fadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari should use their good offices with prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah to convince them that such a large project with capacity of generating a lakh direct and indirect jobs is required more in the backward vidarbha region, the mla said.
;;-0.0772;;india has denied trump's claim that prime minister modi requested him to mediate between india and pakistan for resolving the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;referring to the controversy, the former external affairs minister said in a lighter vein, may be prime minister modi wanted to say why don't you meditate for yoga , and he thought modi was asking to mediate.
;;-0.1027;;lucknow: a day after prime minister modi spoke of evergreen revolution in agriculture on completion of 50 years of the green revolution launched during indira gandhi regime, the congress hit back at the nda government at centre describing its pro-farmers measures as a sham and demanded white paper on the state of agriculture.
;;-0.1531;;coming down heavily on the modi government on its completion of wasteful three years of governance, congress dispatched its chief spokespersons and senior functionaries to various places, including lucknow on saturday to expose the false claims of the bjp led government at centre.
;;-0.4588;;congress leaders attacked the modi government only on agriculture and refrai ned from taking up any other issue, be it kashmir or demonetisation.
;;0.0;;his visit will take him to varanasi and chennai apart from holding discussions with prime minister modi and president ram nath kovind .
;;0.0;;pm modi visited germany twice last year.
;;0.0;;the governor, who visited new delhi early this week, met prime minister modi on august 20 and union home minister amit shah on august 21.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: prime minister modi will chair a meeting of heads of top state-run enterprises next month to chalk out a strategy for the functioning and role of cpses to realise the vision of a 'new india', officials said.
;;-0.8271;;in his speech, akhilesh targeted prime minister modi for failing to check the killing of army jawans on the borders.
;;0.0;;noida: when yogi adityanath stood beside prime minister modi at the inauguration of the new metro line between noida and south delhi, it was the first time since october 2011 that an uttar pradesh chief minister had set foot in noida.
;;0.7096;;yogi, who heads a government that swept to power with a huge mandate and will be a key factor in the 2019 general elections in a state that sends most mps to the lok sabha, drew lavish praise from modi for breaking the noida jinx.
;;-0.802;;if a cm lives in the fear that he will lose his chair on going somewhere, then such people dont have any right to become the cm, modi added, referring to the jinx, a decades-old belief that a cm visiting noida loses elections.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi lectured bjp legislators to show up more often.
;;-0.1593;;they claimed to have sent one lakh postcards to prime minister modi with this demand from the head post office in trichy.
;;-0.25;;opposing the central government's move for allowing the karnataka government to build a dam across cauvery, functionaries of various farmers associations took out a protest by sending one lakh postcards to modi , here on saturday.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: a day after it was flagged off by prime minister modi , india's first semi-high speed train, vande bharat express , ran into some trouble twice on saturday while returning to delhi from varanasi, officials said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will be busy attending the bjps national executive meet on january 12, vice-chairperson of the goa state infrastructure development corporation (gsidc), sidharth kuncalienker, said.
;;0.0;;congress leader rahul gandhi, who represents the wayanad lok sabha seat from kerala, spoke to prime minister modi on the floods and sought aid.
;;-0.5859;;jd(s) supremo h d deve gowda on friday pressed modi to declare the floods in karnataka as a national disaster of severe nature.
;;0.0;;the bjp has put up several banners at the junction of sena bhavan in dadar , with pictures of prime minister modi and chief minister devendra fadnavis , thanking the two leaders for issuing permissions for the work speedily.
;;-0.2732;;the mayors move to push for the bhoomipujan ceremony this weekend had led to charges that the sena may be trying to be one up on the bjp as pm modi is to visit the city on tuesday (december 18) for many ground-breaking ceremonies, including the kalyan-bhiwani-thane metro.
;;0.3612;;new delhi: in what could spell fresh trouble for the proposed teesta water sharing pact between india and bangladesh, west bengal cm and trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee pointed out to prime minister modi on thursday the problems the state faces for sharing river waters with the neighbouring country.
;;0.0;;she urged modi to take up the issues with dhaka.
;;0.1625;;she had made her displeasure clear to modi and visiting bangladesh pm sheikh hasina recently, saying that the teesta pact in its present form was not acceptable to bengal.
;;-0.4588;;puducherry: puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy on saturday said it was unfortunate that prime minister modi did not announce any development scheme for the union territory, during his recent visit here.
;;-0.631;;but modi is the only prime minister who disappointed the people of puducherry without making any announcements for its development (during his visit).
;;0.836;;stating that he had urged modi to constitute the cauvery water management board as per the directive of the supreme court on sharing of cauvery river water, narayanasamy said, prime minister promised me to do the needful.
;;0.0;;modi had arrived here on a one-day visit on february 25 to participate in the golden jubilee celebrations of nearby auroville international township and had addressed a public rally here.
;;0.7096;;the 92-day-long clean morna river campaign, a citizens initiative that began on january 13 in akola, was praised by prime minister modi on mann ki baat.
;;-0.2263;;chennai: protesters assembled outside the chennai airport a few minutes before the arrival of prime minister modi in chennai to inaugurate the defexpo 2018.
;;-0.2263;;protesters released black balloons into the sky outside the airport around the time modi arrived.
;;0.0;;mysore: jd(s) leader hd kumaraswamy on thursday said that the presence of prime minister modi at the indian space research organisation (isro) headquarters in bengaluru during the launch of chandrayaan-2 was an advertisement gimmick.
;;0.1027;;modi had reached isro headquarters in the early hours of saturday to witness the soft landing of chandrayaan-2 on the moon surface around 20 minutes before the historic event.
;;0.0;;when chief minister shivraj singh chouhan met prime minister modi in amarkantak on may 15, the cm was armed with all the information related to compensation for resettlement and rehabilitation of the project-hit.
;;0.0;;he briefed modi on the issue, sources said.
;;0.0;;the finance ministry in november last year appointed akhilesh ranjan, member (legislation), cbdt, as convenor of the task force after the retirement of arbind modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , during the annual conference of tax officers in september 2017, had observed that the income-tax act, 1961, was drafted more than 50 years ago and it needs to be redrafted.
;;0.0;;following arbind modi's retirement on september 30, 2018, akhilesh ranjan-led panel was tasked to submit report by february 28, 2019.
;;0.6808;;mumbai: the shiv sena downplayed the bjp 's good performance in the north-east polls even as chief minister devendra fadnavis said under prime minister modi modi's leadership, the party would sweep the karnataka polls and the 2019 general election.
;;0.4019;;shah said that prime minister modi has asked aicc president rahul gandhi to step aside and make someone else the leader of the party.
;;0.0;;during congress rule at the centre, madhya pradesh had received rs 1,34,190 crore for development while the modi government has given the state rs 3,44,126 crore.
;;0.0;;state congress president kamal nath says what has modi done?
;;0.0;;you have to step out of your helicopter and palace to know what modi has done.
;;0.0;;at the time king mohammed had held fruitful discussions with prime minister modi and a decision was taken to work towards elevating bilateral ties to a strategic partnership.
;;-0.2263;;the actor-politician, who served as a cabinet minister in the nda ministry of atal bihari vajpayee and was a star campaigner for bjp for a long time before falling out with the current leadership after being ignored in the 2015 bihar assembly polls, has been critical of the party functioning, alleging all power is vested in one leader (prime minister modi modi) and two-men army (modi and bjp president amit shah).
;;0.4215;;people are reposing faith in the leadership of prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;prime minister modi chairing the fifth meeting of the governing council of niti aayog, in new delhi o.
;;-0.9451;;read morenew delhi: in his first meeting with the chief ministers after re-election, prime minister modi on saturday called for a collective fight against poverty, unemployment, corruption, and violence and for urgent steps to tackle drought and drinking water crisis in the country.
;;0.0;;a series of high-profile visits on both sides, most recently that of prime minister modi 's visit for the commonwealth heads of government meeting (chogm) in london and windsor in april this year, and the uk-india year of culture in 2017 are among the highlights of sinha's uk posting.
;;-0.5859;;that is what the congress does, said shobha, lashing out at congress leaders who have placed the blame for shivakumars arrest at the feet of prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah .
;;0.0;;there were reports that the prime minister modi had shot down the csmt museum project during a review meeting held with railway board officials on march 26.
;;0.9118;;bjp state president kanna lakshminarayana has already won the trust of the national leadership, including that of prime minister modi and party supremo amit shah, making him an undisputed leader in the partys state wing.
;;0.3818;;jayant patil, president of the state unit of ncp, showed various video clips to emphasize on the unmet promises made by prime minister modi and bjp leaders.
;;-0.3818;;former deputy chief minister chhagan bhujbal said this was the battle of modi versus the indian constitution.
;;0.0772;;this story is from january 15, 2019survey on prime minister modi modis namo appi want your direct feedback on various issuestake part in the survey on the modi mobile app.
;;0.6705;;the survey   people's pulse   could prove to be a significant input for the bjp leadership as a crowdsourcing tool in preparing a shortlist of candidates for the lok sabha polls modi has often urged mps to keep themselves abreast with the governments programmes and actively engage with the namo app and other government data apparatus.
;;0.4215;;take part in the survey on the modi app, modi tweeted, while sharing the video.
;;0.0258;;adding to the twitter appeal, modi speaks in the video, your feedback matters.
;;0.128;;bjp launched a series of direct interactions of mps with modi and shah recently during the winter session of parliament.
;;-0.8074;;bishkek: prime minister modi on friday hit out at unilateralism and trade protectionism, and said that there is a need for a rules-based, anti-discriminatory and all inclusive wto-centred multilateral trading system, amidst the raging trade war between the us and china.
;;0.4404;;pm modi on thursday said he had an extremely fruitful meeting with xi during which they discussed the full spectrum of bilateral relations and vowed to work together to improve the economic and cultural ties.
;;-0.34;;this story is from january 3, 2019prime minister modi lauded the bravery of 1984 riots victims.
;;-0.7351;;it is high time to tell prime minister modi that either he should hang the rapists or we will do it ourselves, said huma saleem and several other protesters accompanying her.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi along with brics nations' leaders on the sidelines of g20 summit in osaka on frid.
;;0.5859;;prime minister modi , russian president vladimir putin , chinese president xi jinping , south african president cyril ramaphosa and brazil president michel temer met here on the sidelines of the g-20 summit and exchanged views on international political, security and global economic-financial issues, as well as challenges facing sustainable development.
;;0.0;;he said that they would also seek appointment with mp cm shivraj singh chohan and prime minister modi to take up the issue.
;;-0.4215;;hyderabad: in what appears to be growing confrontation between the trs and the bjp ahead of next year's elections, the saffron party on tuesday took to the streets to protest chief minister k chandrasekhar rao 's criticism of prime minister modi at a public meeting in karimnagar.
;;-0.7506;;in their representation, they accused kcr of using abusive language against modi.
;;0.5106;;islamic state operatives +new delhi: a little over two weeks after prime minister modi visited united arab emirates, five suspectedof indian origin have been deported from abu dhabi and are being extensively interrogated by central intelligence agencies.
;;-0.6808;;pm modi had met uae president sheikh khalifa bin zayed al nahyan on his state visit in february during which both sides discussed cooperation in the field of counter terrorism.
;;-0.4767;;the union government led by prime minister modi has introduced several welfare schemes to poor and dalits in the past four years.
;;0.0;;we will write to prime minister modi and punjab chief minister amarinder singh, so that the issue could be taken up at a diplomatic level with pakistan, said behal.
;;0.6249;;the membership drive had started on july 6 with prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah launching it from varanasi and telangana respectively on the party ideologue syama prasad mookerjee's birth anniversary.
;;0.6369;;saxena said the prime minister modi had assured the khadi ayog of financial support.
;;-0.5267;;earlier, three more bjp mps from uttar pradesh, all belonging to scheduled castes, had written letters to prime minister modi expressing their unhappiness on the treatment of dalits in the country.
;;0.2023;;when modi became the pm and made a statement that the bjp government will work for the welfare of the poor, dalits and obcs, it created hope us.
;;-0.3818;;he also mocked prime minister modi for promising 20 million jobs to the youth every year, but failing to create any.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi advises the educated youth to sell pakoras while congress has its own issues, he said.
;;0.2732;;rahul gandhi would address several issues plaguing the state as well as the dictatorial and anti-democratic attitudes of prime minister modi and chief minister k chandrasekhar rao .
;;0.3612;;the modi government destabilised all constitutional offices like cbi.
;;-0.296;;modi has no such calibre, he said.
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah are trying to dislodge the state government which is enjoying majority on the floor of the house.
;;-0.6249;;listening to minister's criticism against pm modi , he requested him to stop the barbs.
;;0.2023;;during an event to celebrate the wed-2018 on june 5 in new delhi, environment minister harsh vardhan, in presence of prime minister modi , pledged to eliminate single-use plastics from india by 2022.
;;0.9153;;recalling that he was honoured to be present when prime minister modi signed on to the un environment's clean seas campaign, he said the programme will be stronger with india's support, sending a clear message to other countries, that all of us must come together to tackle the marine litter.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday told floor leaders of different political parties in the parliament to keep political differences aside and not disrupt the functioning of the two houses.
;;0.4019;;addressing them ahead of parliament's budget session starting on monday, modi urged all political parties to work cohesively with the government for a smooth functioning of the house.
;;0.0;;modi urged all leaders to introspect whether mps were able to fulfil people's aspirations as their representatives.
;;0.6808;;joshi said modi had invited presidents of all political parties with representation in parliament on june 19 and mps from both the houses on june 20 to freely interact and exchange views with the government.
;;-0.2732;;the former bjp leader said earlier the congress was called the party with dead leaders, but now it was the bjp because all other leaders were scared to question prime minister modi and party president amit shah.
;;0.5423;;a day after cbse decided against holding a retest for class x maths paper, students wrote to prime minister modi on wednesday, stating that this decision has killed all our hopes for justice and faith in the entire educational system.
;;0.4215;;the national leadership of the bjp led by pm modi and president amit shah is holding the progress, constitutional government and democratic setup in goa to ransom by running it through faceless shenanigans, .
;;0.0;;the responsibility starts with modi and shah and goes all the way down to the bureaucrats.
;;0.0;;this year, france and current g7 president emmanuel macron invited prime minister modi and leaders of south africa, australia, chile, egypt, rwanda, burkina faso, senegal and spain to attend the summit.
;;0.0772;;pune: maharashtra education department has issued a circular, making it mandatory for all government schools to make arrangements for viewing pariksha pe charcha programme by prime minister modi on january 29.
;;0.0;;modi will interact with students of standards ix to xii, their parents and teachers in new delhis talkatora stadium between 11am and 1pm.
;;0.0;;delhi: prime minister modi releases all india tiger estimation 2018 on #internationaltigerday.
;;0.7096;;exhorting the central government to take steps to strengthen existing laws to protect interests of farmers, she urged prime minister modi and the union water resources minister gajendra singh shekhawat to treat problems of farmers on an emergencyscale.
;;-0.1531;;meanwhile, irked by the accusations, jd(s) leaders slammed sumalatha and accused her of toeing the opposition bjp line to impress pm modi.
;;-0.1027;;new delhi: a day after senior congress leader jairam ramesh said it was wrong to demonise prime minister modi , several party colleagues, including abhishek singhvi shashi tharoor and sharmishtha mukherjee, echoed his sentiment.
;;-0.4767;;always said demonising pm modi wrong.
;;0.4215;;though not tantamount to unequivocal praise for modi , the remarks appeared to be in stark contrast to former congress president rahul gandhis relentless attack on the pm as well as the slogan of chowkidaar chor hai, which he had used against the pm during the lok sabha elections.
;;0.4404;;hope modi and team also realise this.
;;0.0;;the last week of january will have the key stars of the bjp, prime minister modi and national president amit shah, in bengaluru on january 28 at the culmination function of former cm b s yeddyurappas 75-day parivarthana yatra.
;;-0.5267;;some men hurled stones at his house, denting the huge posters of the actor and those of prime minister modi during the course of protest, a scuffle broke out between the protesters and the police.
;;0.0;;varanasi: prime minister modi is likely to flag-off the world's first electric engine converted from diesel locomotive on december 29.
;;0.3818;;it measured the activity on the hashtag #gujaratelection2017 between december 1 and 18 and found that prime minister modi was the top mentioned political figure, chief minister vijay rupani was the most mentioned election candidate, and development the top conversation topic.
;;0.0;;after modi , congress president rahul gandhi was the second most-mentioned political figure, followed by bjp president amit shah , patidar anamat aandolan samiti leader hardik patel, and congress politician ahmed patel.
;;0.6597;;the aiadmk, with both chief minister edappadi k palaniswami and deputy chief minister, o panneerselvam away at kanyakumari to receive prime minister modi , who is on a visit to the areas ravaged by cyclone ockhi, adopted a mass parade of cadres, accompanied by drum beats and dancers, to draw support for party candidate e madhusudhanan.
;;0.5719;;lucknow: a right wing fringe outfit has been booked in lucknow on wednesday after it erected a dozen billboards in the heart of city deriding prime minister modi but promoting up chief minister yogi adityanath over a probability of making it to the top office in future.
;;0.0;;jumlebazi ka naam modi , hindutva ka brand yogi, read one of the bilboards put up by uttar pradesh nav nirman sena.
;;0.4215;;patna: deputy chief minister modi (sumo) has favoured gis (geographic information system)-mapping of all the properties located under the patna municipal corporation pmc ) area for taxation purposes.
;;0.0;;she said the initiative was taken by prime minister modi and reciprocated by pakistan prime minister imran khan.
;;0.0;;designed around the theme of bharat ke mann ki baat, modi ke saath, the crowdsourcing exercise marks the first step to turn the lok sabha contest into a referendum on prime minister modi and appears to be designed to invest the campaign with a larger-than-partisan purpose.
;;0.0;;the idea is to pitch modi as a dependable leader, as against a host of opposition leaders on the other side.
;;0.5954;;interestingly, the first input for the manifesto came soon after the programme was launched from a waiter in the hotel, who suggested building a ram temple in ayodhya shah described the modi government's move to return excess land around the disputed site in ayodhya to their owners as historic and asked opposition parties not to create obstacles in the way of the ram temple.
;;0.0;;india has the potential to grow at a much faster rate but all-round mismanagement by the modi government has resulted in this slowdown, he had said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had earlier said that india would become a 5 trillion dollar economy in the next five years.
;;0.4588;;they said 'yes', they will benefit, gadkari said at a news conclave here on the four years of prime minister modi 's government.
;;0.128;;sources said prime minister modi is likely to inaugurate the project and may also hold a public meeting in baghpat on may 10, a major controversy had broken out after the supreme court directed nhai to open the 135-km road before this month end.
;;0.7351;;prabhus message in the letter reads: under the visionary leadership of prime minister modi , the country has made tremendous progress in all areas of economic development.
;;0.0;;gadkari said advani will also visit gujarat during his yatra, scotching reports that chief minister modi is opposed to his yatra and so he may skip the state.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister modi , the chancellor of the university, addressed the problem in his speech and apologised for the incovenience.
;;-0.5267;;what hurt the ears in the otherwise sombre ceremony was the usual modi , modi chant that one comes to hear in political rallies.
;;0.0;;new delhi: with modi 2.
;;0.5859;;the north london mp, who is also chair of the all party parliamentary group (appg) on british hindus, has been a long-time supporter of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6678;;qingdao: prime minister modi today said only 6 per cent of foreign tourists in india are from the sco countries and this number could easily be doubled as he underlined the need to boost tourism among members of the grouping.
;;0.6705;;speaking at the restricted session of the shanghai cooperation organisation summit, prime minister modi said that increasing awareness of the shared cultures can help boost the number of tourists.
;;0.765;;it is for the first time the indian prime minister is attending the sco summit after india along with pakistan became full-fledged members of the grouping, jointly dominated by china and russia, which has been increasingly seen as a counter to nato modi said india is committed to extend full cooperation to a successful outcome of the summit.
;;0.0;;besides modi , other leaders attending the summit include chinese president xi, russian president vladimir putin, iranian president hassan rouhani and pakistan president mamnoon hussain.
;;0.5994;;from the us, china, russia, canada, australia and the european union to afghanistan, israel, saudi arabia and indonesia, various countries have come in support of india and expressed solidarity with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8271;;acquittal of 2g accused +prime minister modi visited ailing dmk patriarch m karunanidhi +you protected me like a baby in mother's womb, raja says in his letter to karunanidhi i place the 2g verdict at your feet with gratitude, says former telecom minister a raja in an emotional letter to dmk chief m karunanidhi.
;;0.6705;;this story is from november 27, 2018prime minister modi in nizamabad (ani photo)nizamabad: prime minister modi on monday accused the trs and congress of perpetuating family rule and said the two parties were playing a friendly match in the telangana elections.
;;0.0;;the statue, befitting sardar's stature, is set to be inaugurated by prime minister modi on october 31, sardar's birth anniversary, with bjp setting the ball rolling for its 2019 lok sabha poll campaigns.
;;0.0;;in 2010, when prime minister modi , was the chief minister of gujarat he had revealed his plans for building the statue of unity.
;;0.4404;;bjp's massive campaign went on to associate modi with sardar's political style, and his emphasis on 'good governance'.
;;0.4019;;political science expert dinesh shukla says, modi used the statue of unity to rally support for his 2014 lok sabha campaign, and on the project's completion, he will try to use it to mobilize masses for 2019.
;;0.8555;;this story is from october 24, 2018new delhi: prime minister modi has been conferred with the prestigious seoul peace prize 2018 in recognition of his contribution to the growth of the indian and global economies.
;;0.6369;;modi is to be presented with an award, plaque and honorarium of $200,000.
;;0.9118;;expressing his gratitude for the prestigious honour and in light of india's deepening partnership with the republic of korea, pm modi has accepted the award, said the ministry of external affairs in a statement.
;;0.9538;;after assessing over a hundred candidates proposed by over 1300 nominators from around the world, the award committee decided to bestow the prize on prime minister modi , calling him 'the perfect candidate for the 2018 seoul peace prize, said the ministry statement.
;;-0.3818;;the 182- metre statue, the tallest such structure in the world, has seen a huge rush of visitors since it was unveiled on october 31 last year by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.0258;;the president, as advised by prime minister modi , has accepted the resignation of raju and chowdary from the union council of ministers with immediate effect, he said.
;;-0.1406;;under relentless opposition attack over its failure to secure special category state status for andhra pradesh , the state's ruling tdp pulled out of the modi government yesterday, but kept a window open for rapprochement by deciding to remain part of the nda.
;;-0.7579;;(toi file photo by n kanaka)new delhi has already rejected trump's claimwashington: president donald trump remarks on monday that prime minister modi sought his mediation on the kashmir issue will damage the india-us relations, ex-diplomats said.
;;0.0;;i was with prime minister modi two weeks ago and we talked about this subject (kashmir).
;;-0.34;;in new delhi, the ministry of external affairs was quick to deny that modi ever asked for a mediation on kashmir.
;;-0.4404;;his statement on kashmir today (that pm modi sought mediation from trump) was categorically denied by the indian government within hours, ayres told pti.
;;0.8807;;the governor said that prime minister modi modi's landslide victory has given hope to the people of jammu and kashmir that steps would be taken by the centre to restore peace and normalcy and put the state back on the path of rapid development, growth and prosperity.
;;0.5106;;it was prime minister modi who made a strong push for doing away with the mci at a meeting held under the aegis of niti aayog in march 2016 to review the health sector.
;;0.3612;;kerjiwal's remarks come a few days after he assured prime minister modi of his government's cooperation to develop delhi.
;;0.4019;;kejriwal, his ministers and party leaders have often accused the modi government of creating hurdles for the city government.
;;-0.6908;;kgf/kolar: taking a dig that is bound to turn up the campaign heat further in poll-bound karnataka, congress chief rahul gandhi said on saturday that prime minister modi lacks the guts to face the congress in parliament and has used nda allies to stall proceedings in both houses, which were adjourned sine die without transacting business for 22 days.
;;-0.5859;;modi knows that we'll tear him to shreds over the banking scams and corruption in his government, he told reporters at kolar gold fields (kgf).
;;0.0;;addressing the last leg of his janaashirvaada yatra in kgf, kolar and chikkaballapur districts, rahul said: time is running out for modi and his government.
;;-0.4023;;india doesn't trust modi anymore.
;;0.4019;;referring to bjp national president amit shah terming the opposition party members animals, he said: there are two non-animals in the country, one is modi and the other is shah.
;;-0.296;;he said both modi and shah have sensed the changing mood and they are under pressure.
;;-0.8074;;panaji: at a time when i&b ministrys controversial plan to punish journalists for peddling alleged fake news was scrapped by prime minister modi , the goa legislative assemblys guidelines have put selective restrictions on coverage of the house proceedings.
;;0.3612;;patna: the supply of compressed natural gas (cng) began at two petrol pumps on bypass road and rukanpura in patna on tuesday, two days after the inauguration of the city gas distribution (cgd) system by prime minister modi in begusarai according to sources, approximately 50 cng-fuelled autorickshaws have arrived in the state capital.
;;-0.296;;the tax rate on cng in delhi, for instance, is 5  and that in lucknow is 12 , a gail official said and added, we will soon meet deputy chief minister modi and request him to lower the tax on cng.
;;0.6705;;while campaigning for his party during the december 2017 assembly polls in gujarat, prime minister modi had travelled in a seaplane on this route which had attracted media attention from across the world.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , during his recent visit to sri lanka, had announced that india's national carrier air india would begin direct flights between colombo and the holy city of varanasi.
;;-0.6486;;jaipur: no leader in the world had the political will like prime minister modi to tackle terrorism, said bjp state president amit shah here on monday.
;;-0.3291;;all political leaders are against terrorism but no other leader in the world has the political will like pm modi to deal with it, said shah, who was addressing the first of a series of shakti kendra sammelans in the state, ahead of the coming lok sabha polls.
;;0.4412;;cm mamata banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the centre on wednesday informed that it had not cleared the west bengal governments proposal to change the states name to bangla, prompting cm mamata banerjee to dash off a letter to prime minister modi urging him to accept the wishes of the people and expedite the rechristening process.
;;-0.128;;pune: as many as 884 brave soldiers of the indian armys maratha light infantry (mli), who had laid down their lives for the country, will be immortalised in the national war memorial when it is inaugurated in new delhi by prime minister modi on monday.
;;0.0;;in the past few months, the film industry had made multiple representations to prime minister modi .
;;0.6705;;this story is from november 1, 2018picture for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest cityhyderabad: as political bigwigs, including prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi, are likely to hit the campaign trail in the next few weeks, telangana police brass has apprised intelligence bureau (ib) sleuths about their preparedness in providing security cover to the visiting vvips.
;;0.0;;modi is likely to campaign in hyderabad, suryapet and nizamabad districts in his first round of campaigning though his programme in telangana is yet to be finalised.
;;0.0;;varanasi: during his visit to the city on tuesday, prime minister modi will flag-off the worlds first electric engine converted from diesel locomotive at the diesel locomotive works (dlw).
;;0.4497;;bajpai said he had answered through his lawyers, while sehrawat said he hadn't joined bjp but supported its ideology and prime minister modi 's leadership.
;;0.3612;;addressing a press conference after prime minister modi met trump here on the sidelines of the g20 summit , foreign secretary vijay gokhale said that india recognises the importance of the interface between trade and the digital economy.
;;0.0;;they added prime minister modi had taken up the issue of combating corruption and black money at multiple g-20 meets, starting with the brisbane meeting in 2014.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 6, 2019prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0258;;thiruvananthapuram: prime minister modi will reach kerala on january 15 and inaugurate kollam bypass, that is slated to be opened on february 2 by the state government.
;;-0.4588;;although we could not form the government, a message has been sent across that the bjp can have a tough time fighting the congress even in the home state of prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah, said gehlot.
;;0.2732;;only 19  of mps have identified the three villages they are entitled to pick for the saansad adarsh gram yojana (saanjhi) announced by prime minister modi on independence day 2014.
;;0.0;;dmrc has also decided to go ahead with the inauguration of the kalkaji mandir-botanical garden stretch on december 25 by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;after meeting prime minister modi in delhi in the morning, sindhu, her coach pullela gopichand , and her father were expected to take a flight to vijayawada at 3pm to meet andhra pradesh chief minister ys jaganmohan reddy.
;;0.0;;gandhi visited this site and was given literature about the basava philosophy 11 days earlier, after prime minister modi mentioned this centre in his speech.
;;0.0772;;guntur: in a novel protest against the centre for refusing special category status (scs) to the state, a confederation of ngos has decided to dispatch soil and water from amaravati to prime minister modi and other union ministers.
;;0.743;;you have been his pillars of strength throughout, they said, while also making a special mention of prime minister modi , who had handpicked parrikar as the defence minister in 2014.
;;0.8834;;we are thankful to prime minister modi for his gracious words and message of kindness.
;;0.0;;gandhingar: prime minister modi will formally inaugurate the newly constructed 'garvi gujarat bhawan' in new delhi on monday evening.
;;-0.8625;;new delhi: union road transport and shipping minister nitin gadkari has threatened to take legal action against anti-social elements after former jnu students union president shehla rashid made derogatory allegations against rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) and the minister relating to prime minister modi i would be taking legal action on anti-social elements who have made bizarre comments; attributing personal motives to me, regarding the assassination threat to pm @narendramodi, the minister tweeted hours after rashids tweet, which created a storm in the social media.
;;-0.2263;;the plot to assassinate the modi in a rajiv gandhi-type incident during one of his road shows was revealed in a letter seized from the home of a suspected maoist, the pune police had told a court last week.
;;0.0;;mamata banerjee meets prime minister modi (pti photo)west bengal cm @mamataofficial calls on pm @narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.0;;co/qxfpxtmezo  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1568805557000new delhi: west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress leader mamata banerjee on wednesday raised the issue of renaming the state during a meeting with prime minister modi the west bengal assembly has passed a resolution to rename the state as 'bangla'.
;;0.0;;the prime minister's office had earlier tweeted pictures of the two leaders at the official residence of modi.
;;-0.438;;lets approach modi: randhawa to badaltaking on former cm parkash singh badal, punjab cooperation minister sukhjinder singh randhawa said they were all for the waiver but the union government was not providing any support.
;;0.4404;;i call upon badal to use his good offices and personal influence to prevail upon prime minister modi in writing off loans of the punjab farmers.
;;0.3612;;i am ready to go to badal residence barefoot if he accompanies us to modi for this wider cause for the welfare of farmers.
;;0.0;;in a unique gesture, prime minister modi had on sunday washed the feet of safai workers as a mark of .
;;0.8074;;agra: hailing prime minister modi for the unprecedented gesture of washing safai workers feet at kumbh in prayagraj, sanitation workers also urged him to ensure better wages and safer working conditions for them.
;;0.4767;;in a unique gesture, prime minister modi had on sunday washed the feet of safai workers as a mark of respect for their efforts in the sanitation drive.
;;0.4019;;president of the up safai karamchari union, hari babu valmiki , said, through his gesture, pm modi has made a special place in hearts of lakhs of sanitation workers.
;;-0.9169;;new delhi: union home minister amit shah on saturday conveyed his concern to interpol over the delay in issuance of red corner notices (rcn) by the international organisation against fugitives hiding from law like terror accused zakir naik during a meeting with interpol secretary general jrgen stock, shah also emphasised the need for initiating a long-term strategic action plan against drug trafficking, international terrorism, dirty money and money laundering , against which prime minister modi has adopted zero tolerance approach.
;;-0.5267;;the home minister apprised the interpol secretary general about the zero tolerance approach of prime minister modi to drug trafficking, international terrorism and money laundering, the statement said.
;;0.0;;state congress chief girish chodankar said since neither prime minister modi , national bjp president amit shah nor the local leadership is taking any action or decision, ngos have decided to take the lead and march to the cm's house.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi today held discussions with his nepalese counterpart k p oli to deepen bilateral ties between the two neighbours.
;;0.0;;modi had yesterday met the nepalese prime minister at the prime minister's official residence here.
;;-0.1779;;taking over from mother sonia gandhi +results to the gujarat +interrupted sonia gandhis speech +new delhi: rahul gandhi took formal charge on saturday as congress president, positioning himself as the main challenger to prime minister modi , who he accused of dragging india back to the medieval ages and sacrificing amity and inclusiveness in pursuit of personal aggrandizement.
;;0.4404;;expertise, experience and knowledge can be cast aside for personal glory, said rahul gandhi at a function to mark histhe strong attack on modi at a colourful function in the aicc lawns seemed a continuation of the heated gujarat campaign where rahul charged the modi government and bjp with corruption in the rafale deal and the pm hit back claiming a meeting of minds between pakistan and congress to unseat bjp.
;;-0.4404;;the leaders immediate attacks on the bjp mascot indicate that he will continue to work towards reclaiming congresss default position as the alternative to the modi government and leading an opposition alliance.
;;0.5994;;accusing modi of self-absorbed and self-promoting politics, he said, it is acceptable for our foreign policy to lie in tatters so that one man can feel strong, and that everything in fact is subservient to the leaders personal image.
;;-0.5423;;the emphasis on the arch-rival indicated no let up in the ongoing confrontation with modi and bjp.
;;-0.3818;;the election is being viewed as a prestige battle for prime minister modi and a litmus test for the leadership of soon-to-be congress chief rahul gandhi .
;;-0.4019;;the election is a crucial battleground for the congress and the bjp before 2019 lok sabha elections the poll campaign shaped up as a duel between modi and gandhi, and often turned personal.
;;0.0772;;while modi addressed about 15 rallies, gandhi spent more than seven days in saurashtra and south gujarat, addressing a number of meetings.
;;0.0;;the protesters said the congress president is misleading people of the country by levelling baseless allegations against prime minister modi in rafale deal even after the supreme court had dismissed pleas seeking a probe into the alleged irregularities in rafale deal.
;;0.4019;;let the notification be announced, haribabu told toi on sunday at a meeting called by the party to listen to prime minister modi modis 53rd mann ki baat.
;;0.2732;;however, he is still well behind prime minister modi , who has 42.
;;-0.2177;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said buddhas teachings were very relevant to combat dominance of casteism and dynastic politics.
;;0.0;;modi once again recalled bhimrao ambedkar and how the latter was influenced by the teachings of buddha.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister modi listed his governments flagship initiatives such as opening bank accounts for the underprivileged, enabling a low-cost premium insurance scheme, free gas connections to poor households and other measures for welfare of the poor.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi asked culture minister mahesh sharma to ensure that all works on buddha and studies done by buddhist institutes were compiled and brought on a common platform through a web portal in a time-bound manner.
;;0.8047;;owaisi claimed that prime minister modi was doing nothing for the nation but was always ahead to take credit for the good work done by others.
;;0.765;;pm modi (pti)new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday appreciated the honest admission by the 2017 batch ias officers when most of them said they were not practising yoga as suggested by him during his interaction at the lal bahadur shastri academy in mussoorie in october 2017.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 15, 2019cpi general secretary s sudhakar reddy handing over the flag to cpm state secretary modi at t.
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: cpm state secretary modi alleged that the kpccs kerala yatra being led by president mullappally ramachandran is nothing but a fundraising gimmick.
;;0.0;;the southern leg of ldfs yatra led by modi was flagged off by cpi general secretary s sudhakar reddy.
;;0.0;;reddy recalled several undemocratic decisions modi government had taken.
;;0.5574;;rajinikanthchennai: a day after actor rajinikanth hailed prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah as krishna and arjuna for removing the special status to jammu and kashmir, president of tamil nadu congress committee k s alagiri asked the actor to read mahabharatham properly.
;;0.34;;recollecting rajinikanths statement that he did not know who was arjunan and krishnan among modi and shah, he said that luckily the actors subconscious mind worked at that point and stopped him there.
;;0.0258;;west bengal assembly had passed a resolution'bengal' in english, 'bangla' in bengalinew delhi/ kolkata: the centre wednesday informed rajya sabha that it has not yet given its nod to change the name of west bengal to 'bangla' as proposed by the state government following which chief minister mamata banerjee dashed off a letter to prime minister modi for expediting the matter.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi has shown an empty hand to the people of the state, he said, and alleged that ysrc chief jaganmohan reddy and janasena chief pawan kalyan are conspiring against the tdp and trying to weaken the party.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , aicc president rahul gandhi, bjp national president amit shah, chief minister siddaramaiah, former chief minister b s yeddyurappa and other vvips have already landed at hubballi airport to tour north karnataka and malnad districts, besides the central region.
;;0.0;;sources in the bjp said that modi will visit north karnataka, central karnataka and malnad districts in the next few days.
;;0.0;;when modi and rahul landed at the airport the same day recently, the airport handled 13 flights that day, he added.
;;0.0276;;even (prime minister narendra) modi became very desperate because of his leadership, because of the congress party.
;;0.0;;rahul gandhi demonstrated to the world and the country that he is more than a match to modi , moily said.
;;0.0;;modi is an epitome of patriotism.
;;0.8126;;cooperation of states needed for doubling farm incomeunion minister of state for agriculture and farmer welfare parshottam rupala appreciated the haryana government for taking effective steps to realize the vision of prime minister modi to double the income of farmers by 2022.
;;0.0;;bilateral relations between india and mozambique are on an upswing after the visit of prime minister modi to the southern african country in july 2016.
;;-0.1779;;in his 48-minute speech, shah mocked at the grand alliance's obsession with modi and the 'congress's bid to put obstructions in the way of ram temple'.
;;0.0;;they have only one agenda that to remove modi.
;;0.431;;modiji says we will remove poverty and corruption but the grand alliance says remove modi.
;;0.743;;modi ji gives free health scheme for all, the grand alliance says we will remove modi.
;;0.0;;he further stated that tdp faced electoral debacle because of its chief and former chief minister n chandrababu naidu's overtures against prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.2263;;both wrote to prime minister modi on monday, demanding shashank's ouster.
;;0.0;;during solih's visit, prime minister modi said there are infinite possibilities between the two neighbours.
;;0.0;;the national committee dealing with the celebrations is headed by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.3182;;he said prime minister modi tried to enlist the help of developed nations in terms of technology and funds to curb pollution, but countries like the us refused.
;;-0.7184;;many demanded stern action from prime minister modi against the terrorists and pakistan.
;;0.34;;tight security is in place for prime minister modi modi's visit here to inaugurate delhi metro's magenta line.
;;0.2732;;based on prime minister modi modis idea, vidyanjali was introduced in schools across the country, and goa was one among the 20 states that agreed to implement the programme.
;;-0.2263;;aasu has already demanded prime minister modi modi's intervention into the issue.
;;0.5267;;on the last day of the session on july 25, the state government has reportedly planned to move a congratulatory resolution for prime minister modi and amit shah for winning the lok sabha elections.
;;0.6369;;he said that he has requested prime minister modi , kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan and district administration to assure the release of the compensation of the wayanad people and their relocation to safer areas.
;;0.0;;he also slammed prime minister modi for his remarks that urea was distributed under police protection in rajasthan during the previous congress government.
;;-0.25;;sathe had earlier sent rs 1,064, his earnings from onion sale in the wholesale market, to prime minister modi on november 29 as a protest.
;;0.8658;;prime minister modi says the private sector must continue to believe in the india story, assuring that he will do his best to make india a better place to do business.
;;0.4588;;co/mlvvchlajf  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1567651321000vladivostok: prime minister modi on thursday met his malaysian counterpart mahathir bin mohamad and the two leaders discussed ways to diversify the bilateral ties to benefit people in both the countries.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi met the malaysian prime minister on the sidelines of the fifth meeting of the eastern economic forum (eef) held here in the russian far east region.
;;0.0;;pm modi met with malaysian pm @chedetofficial on the margins of eef2019 in vladivostok.
;;0.0;;modi arrived in russia on wednesday to participate in the 20th india-russia annual summit and the eef.
;;0.8481;;on his arrival, modi received a guard of honour at vladivostok international airport the forum focuses on development of business and investment opportunities in the russian far east region, and presents enormous potential for developing close and mutually beneficial cooperation between india and russia in the region.
;;0.0;;foreign secretary vijay gokhale, briefing reporters on prime minister modi's visit to russia in new delhi last week said that expanding cooperation in the hydrocarbons sector will be a major focus area during his trip to vladivostok.
;;0.0;;66 crore users of non-subsidised cooking gas including those who gave up subsidy on call by prime minister modi .
;;0.0;;prime minister modi should not snatch jobs.
;;0.4588;;japaneseshinzoabeinindiavisitjapanesetoindiaforannualsummitindecemberannualsummitinannualsummitinabevisittovisitinindiainininindiaabeintotoinindiatoabevisittoindiaininindiainininabeinsummitininvladivostok: prime minister modi , who met hiscounterparton the sidelines of the 5th east economic forumrussia's far eastern state earlier today, discussed the bilateral ties shared betweenand japan , with particular emphasis on the forthcomingof theprime ministerthethat would take place sometimeaddressing the media after the bilateral engagements of the two prime ministers, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said that dates of thewill be negotiated and announceddue course.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi mentionedparticular thathas some issues of interesttrade bothgoods and services.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 8, 2019prime minister modi had inaugurated the 106th edition of the indian science congress at a jalandhar u.
;;0.0;;a scientist from tamil nadu had also claimed during the session that newton and einstein's theories would be disproved and that gravitational waves would shortly be named modi waves.
;;-0.1531;;the genesis for establishing the university came from prime minister modi when he stressed on urgent need for quality manpower in the rail sector.
;;0.5574;;jodhpur: at a time when the issue of triple talaq is being debated in and outside the supreme court , a muslim woman from the city has appealed to prime minister modi to abolish this system with immediate effect.
;;0.5267;;the selection committee comprises pm modi , leader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge and sc judge justice ak sikri.
;;0.7845;;das said the scheme will help fulfill prime minister modi 's promise of doubling the income of farmers by 2022.
;;0.4939;;the membership campaign was launched by prime minister modi in varanasi on the birth anniversary of party ideologue syama prasad mookerjee, on june 6.
;;0.7506;;belagavi/panaji: a day after prime minister modi assured farmers of the region that the bjp would resolve the mahadayi water dispute if the party came to power, bjp national president amit shah on sunday set a six-month deadline to find a solution.
;;-0.5994;;on saturday, modi had accused the congress of misleading people in the name of mhadei and of politicising the issue.
;;-0.4404;;modi attacked former aicc president sonia gandhi for delay in solving the mahadayi issue, he said.
;;-0.0516;;modis statements, which were made during an election rally in gadag, karnataka, came in for sharp criticism from the congress, which accused modi of promoting a rift between goa and karnataka for mere electoral gains.
;;0.0;;narendra modi is the nations prime minister.
;;0.8555;;the success rate was better than that of prime minister modi in these states, the minister's office claimed while sharing the data.
;;-0.5267;;ahmedabad: taking a dig at the ruling bjp government, congress leaders slammed chief minister modi accusing him of ignoring the issues of common man in the state.
;;-0.25;;zirakpur: prime minister modi modis dream project to have public and community toilets in every corner of the country is still a far cry as any initiative regarding this is yet to reach the town of zirakpur.
;;0.4404;;6  in the first three years of prime minister modi modis government which was better than the 7.
;;0.3182;;bsnl employees union has also written to prime minister modi seeking action against those responsible for the act.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 24, 2018pm modi interacts with children at a function to mark the birth anniversary of guru nanak dev at the residence.
;;0.6705;;read morenew delhi: prime minister modi on friday hoped the kartarpur corridor would act as a bridge between the people of india and pakistan that might lead to a better future.
;;0.0;;modi was speaking at a function to mark the birth anniversary of guru nanak dev at the residence of union food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal here.
;;-0.34;;bengaluru: congress leader randeep surjewala on friday urged prime minister modi to sack human resources development minister prakash javadekar in the backdrop of the cbse question paper leak.
;;0.0;;he asked, while seeking to know why the tenure of the previous cbse chairperson was curtailed and why an ias officer of the gujarat cadre, very close to modi , was made the chairperson.
;;-0.4767;;independence of the judiciary has been under attack ever since the modi government came to power, he added.
;;0.7717;;new delhi: two top bureaucrats in modi government on monday travelled down to wajidpur village in ups firozabad district, nearly 260 km from delhi, to empty a toilet pit and participate in the first ever toilet parliament to celebrate world toilet day officials said niti aayog ceo amitabh kant and sanitation secretary parameswaran iyer opening the toilet pit is proof that cleaning a pit is safe once human faecal matter becomes compost and to end the stigma among masses of how to handle it.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, prime minister modi lauded the contribution of people to make swachhta a movement.
;;0.5859;;a former aiadmk tirunelveli strongman, nagendran, had said he joined bjp because he was impressed by the leadership qualities of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5106;;even the public rallies addressed by bjp stalwarts and star campaigners including prime minister modi , ups chief minister yogi aadityanath and bjp chief amit shah failed to make an impact on the rates.
;;-0.1779;;addressing a public meeting after laying the foundation stone of the partys new district committee office in kasaragod, he said party state secretary modi had condemned the attack on the very first day making clear the partys stance on such issues.
;;0.6697;;co/xxhrqrciit  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1495949960000i got a very interesting suggestion- since its 3rd yoga day, why not 3 generations of a family come together & practice yoga: pm #mannkibaat  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1495950255000new delhi: in his 32nd edition of 'mann ki baat', prime minister modi on sunday welcomed the analyses being done in various media fora about the performance of, saying constructive criticism strengthens the democracy.
;;0.4019;;pm modi also urged people to make provisions to help birds and animals quench their thirst during the summers.
;;-0.5574;;this story is from november 24, 2018indore/bhopal: congress leader raj babbar likened the falling rupee to the age of modi modis mother in indore thursday night, adding to the partys embarrassment after c p joshis casteist remark on the pm and union minister uma bharti before becoming pm, modi used to say that the value of the rupee has fallen to a level where it is almost the same as the age of the then-pm ( manmohan singh ).
;;-0.0258;;ahmedabad: it looks like a tech-heavy fight against chief minister modi in gujarat as four iitians are lined-up against him.
;;-0.5423;;advocate dr mukul sinha, senior ips officers satish varma, rahul sharma and sanjiv bhatt, who have been behind the bad press that modi has been getting of late, are all iit graduates.
;;-0.836;;be it the riots, fake encounters or the lokayukta matter, sinha has been consistent in taking the lead on matters which put the modi government at unease.
;;0.8214;;as the idea impressed prime minister modi during an interaction with young bureaucrats last year, health ministry was asked to work on the project so that precious lives can be saved during road accidents.
;;0.9371;;the extremely rare 400-year-old traditional rogan artform has created a niche for itself even in the modern day by managing to win international admirers in the likes of former us president barack obama, who was gifted the tree of life  a rogan masterpiece  by prime minister modi during the latters us tour in 2014.
;;-0.1027;;this story is from october 25, 2018new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi alleged the modi government removed cbi director alok verma to prevent him investigating the rafale deal, saying the agency chief had sought documents on the fighter jet deal to probe charges of irregularities.
;;0.2023;;in a warning loaded with sarcasm, gandhi tweeted, mr modi , rafale is a deadly aircraft with a superb radar.
;;0.0;;new delhi: india and sweden are looking for some big outcomes at tuesdays summit when prime minister modi travels to stockholm for a bilateral meeting and the first indo-nordic conference with iceland, finland, denmark, norway and sweden.
;;0.0;;modi will arrive in stockholm on monday evening and stay overnight.
;;-0.3818;;on tuesday, modi will call on the king of sweden before heading to a restricted meeting with the swedish pm before formal delegation talks.
;;0.0;;after a meeting with industry captains, modi will hold separate bilateral summits with the other nordic countries.
;;0.6115;;smart cities, renewables, trade and investment and climate change will dominate discussions in stockholm  sources said, modi , has been particularly keen to build closer ties with the nordic countries.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi has called a meeting of presidents of all parties represented in lok sabha or rajya sabha on june 19 to discuss the issue of 'one nation, one election', parliamentary affairs minister prahlad joshi said on sunday.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi arrived at the parliament for the bjp parliamentary party meeting on tuesday.
;;0.6486;;party sources said it was in line with the promises made by prime minister modi through his mission 'har ghar jal' (water in every household) by 2024.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: the cabinet committee on security met in the national capital on tuesday morning at the residence of prime minister modi after the indian air force carried out air strikes in pakistan.
;;0.6428;;gujarat bjp is keen to welcome back shankersinh vaghela , after obvious nod from prime minister modi , but the party is in a dilemma over how to accommodate him.
;;0.0;;in case of vaghela, he happens to be senior to even pm modi and the entire state bjp cadre.
;;0.5574;;he played a vital role in bringing bjp to power in gujarat in 1995, along with modi who was then an rss envoy to the state bjp.
;;0.5574;;he played a vital role in bringing bjp to power in gujarat in 1995, along with modi who was then an rss envoy to the state bjp.
;;0.2263;;the chief minister said his government is working to translate the visions of prime minister modi into reality.
;;0.3612;;mumbai: prime minister modi 's recent visit to sweden will lead to greater cooperation between the two countries in green technology , says nila vikhe patil, the political adviser in the swedish pmo.
;;0.8126;;i hope that this visit by modi will be a great starting point for india and sweden for a bright future with green technology and a new wave of technology disruption, said nila vikhe patil, the daughter of leading educationist in maharashtra, ashok vikhe patil.
;;-0.7579;;prime minister modi had recently told us vice-president mike pence that the planners of the 26/11 terror attack had been mainstreamed in pakistan, the reference was to lashkar putting up candidates in recent elections to the national assembly there.
;;0.0;;shimla: prime minister modi , home minister rajnath singh, bjp president amit shah , former deputy prime minister l k advani and several union ministers and chief ministers are expected at the swearing-in ceremony of jai ram thakur as himachal pradesh chief minister at the historic ridge maidan today, officials said.
;;-0.5106;;the ridge ground turned saffron with bjp flags fluttering all around and cut outs of modi , amit shah and jai ram thakur dominating the scene.
;;0.7783;;union ayush minister shripad naik, who was also part of the delegation, separately met shah along with other mps from goanarendra sawaikar and vinay tendulkarand said his party president has assured them that he would consult all stakeholders to resolve the issue, and if need be take it up with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;when asked if shah would speak to prime minister modi about the issue, naik said that shah would first consult ministers and other stakeholders, and only then, as a final resort, would he speak to modi.
;;0.0;;she was followed by prime minister modi .
;;0.3818;;modi requested the bangla pm to write first, as a matter of courtesy.
;;0.0;;she wrote in bengali and signed her name, after which modi wrote his message in hindi.
;;0.765;;modi, on the other hand, wrote about tagores exalted philosophy and how it is a timeless inspiration to the yuva (youth) of the country.
;;0.0;;pm modi wrote on the third page.
;;0.0;;co/0zkc1hevn9  siddaramaiah (@siddaramaiah) 1525092727000bengaluru (karnataka): a day before prime minister modi is landing in karnataka for campaigning, state's chief minister siddaramaiah on monday posed series of questions to him.
;;-0.25;;in a series of tweets, siddaramaiah questioned prime minister modi over the bharatiya janata party (bjp) giving tickets to 'tainted' mining baron g janardhan reddy's brothers and associates, declaring yeddyurappa its chief ministerial candidate, and rape issue.
;;-0.2755;;he also wanted to know whether b.s. yeddyurappa will still be bjp's chief ministerial candidate when it is reported that prime minister modi himself doesn't want to share stage with him.
;;-0.4973;;the chief minister also said prime minister modi didn't fulfill his poll promise of giving rs. 15 lakh to people, didn't create jobs for youth and brought misery to people through demonetisation.
;;-0.1513;;he also wanted to know whether prime minister modi was really serious about farmers' concerns.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who last visited karnataka for campaigning in february, will be addressing rallies at santhemarahalli in chamarajanagara district, and udupi and chikkodi in belagavi on tuesday.
;;-0.7096;;hazare came out in support of arrested gujarat police officer sanjiv bhatt who has accused gujarat chief minister modi of complicity in the 2002 communal riots.
;;-0.4767;;what modi has done is wrong.
;;-0.3182;;this story is from november 9, 2018pti photoguwahati: continuing his tirade against prime minister modi modis economic policies, former union minister p chidambaram said that the nda government is greedy for getting hold of reserve bank of india (rbi) money in the reserve.
;;0.7269;;marking growing warmth in bilateral ties, india and germany have signed a slew of pacts covering cyber security, urban development, vocational education and infrastructure during prime minister modi modis visit to the european nation.
;;0.4215;;in fact, modi even took the opportunity to emphasise that india and germany are made for each other.
;;-0.6486;;* after holding agitations over the last few days to protest against the top court's ruling on the sc/st act, several dalit outfits have called for a bharat bandh today * a delegation of dalit lawmakers is scheduled to meet prime minister modi today to apprise him of the issues concerning the scs and sts, including the unhappiness among the community over the apex court verdict on sc/st act.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday released a commemorative coin with face value of rs 100 ahead of the birth anniversary of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee the coin, prime minister modi said, is a small effort to show the governments respect to the former prime minister, whose life is a message for all of us.
;;0.0;;modi also referred to vajpayee as the voice of the nation.
;;0.3818;;while addressing the youths, mainly the unemployed ones staying as tenants at the barkat nagar locality, amidst the speeches of local congress leaders and state in-charge mohan prakash, a poet and teacher came with his poem, which was a satire on prime minister modi and his promises.
;;0.4767;;in between his poem, the youth kept chanting chowkidar hi chor hai, ashok gehlot zindabad and to add humour to it, some started chanting modi modi.
;;0.7845;;a local folk artist, paniya sapat, spoke in the local dialect and infused humour in the political gathering by sharing his dream that had prime minister modi in it.
;;0.2247;;few days ago, tamilisai sounded a little critical about rajnikanth speech at his fans' meeting, since he left out prime minister modi modi's name while listing out few 'good leaders'.
;;0.4019;;mumbai: discovery channel 's special of bear grylls ' man vs wild, featuring prime minister modi , made 3.
;;0.5994;;the special episode, featuring the famed survivalist and adventurer with pm modi , was shot in the jim corbett national park.
;;0.4019;;joshi's assertion came hours after the bjp's parliamentary party meeting, which was attended by prime minister modi , home minister amit shah , external affairs minister s jaishankar and minister of animal husbandry, dairying and fisheries giriraj singh among others.
;;-0.3142;;jaipur: robert vadra , congress president rahul gandhi 's brother-in-law, lashed out at the modi government as he appeared before the enforcement directorate's ( ed )'s regional office here on tuesday along with his 75-year-old mother, maureen, in connection with the probe into an alleged land scam in bikaner i have always adhered to rules and overall being a disciplined person, i have the ability to sustain any amount of hours of questioning and having nothing to hide.
;;0.0;;in a reference to prime minister modi , tawde said, but.
;;-0.4588;;new delhi: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today wrote to prime minister modi seeking his intervention in ensuring sufficient water supply from haryana as the national capital stares at a possible water crisis next week.
;;0.0;;in his letter to modi , the chief minister said disruption in water supply from haryana could affect chandrawal water treatment plan, which supplies water to ndmc area where rashtrapati bhavan, parliament, embassies and major establishments like railway stations and hospitals are located.
;;0.5106;;sources added the bjp was trying to coordinate and see if prime minister modi was free to travel to goa for the inauguration.
;;0.9062;;rupani said that gujarat has risen to prime minister modi modis call for one india, best india beginning a new precedence of gujarat establishing inter-state cultural and social link with other states, beginning with chhattisgarh, for mutual benefit and helping one another know better.
;;0.6486;;referring to the state governments biennial flagship event vibrant gujarat summits launched by prime minister modi when he was the chief minister of the state, rupani said that nearly 35-lakh people have been employed due to rs.17-lakh-crore investments during the summits.
;;-0.1531;;co/cgf5wbfsz9  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1525493942000new delhi: launching a fresh attack on prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi on saturday questioned his silence on the bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders facing corruption charges.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi had this month in a letter to his counterpart imran khan said that india remained committed to early operationalization of the corridor and that the indian government wanted it to remain open throughout the year.
;;-0.6705;;ahmedabad: police claim to have got clinching evidence to arrest gujarat congress president arjun modhwadia for his alleged involvement in fabricating documents to implicate chief minister modi along with suspended ips officer sanjiv bhatt.
;;0.4939;;new delhi: prime minister modi on friday invoked the vision of an 'evergreen revolution' in farm sector while exhorting the scientific and technological community to explore possibilities of creating agriculture clusters on the pattern of industrial clusters where different areas in the country can be identified with particular crops.
;;0.0;;pm modi speaks ahead of the commencement of the 17th lok sabha.
;;0.7556;;(photo courtesy: doordarshan)new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said an active opposition is important in a parliamentary democracy and they need not bother about their numbers but speak actively and participate in house proceedings.
;;0.8338;;the diplomat said that a series of telephonic calls made by president donald trump to prime minister modi and pakistan pm imran khan is not mediation but an effort by him to encourage the two countries to resolve their differences bilaterally.
;;0.0;;on monday, trump made back-to-back calls with modi and khan.
;;0.4019;;shimla: at a time when acute water shortage in shimla has brought bjp and the municipal corporation on backfoot, bjps national spokesperson dr sambit patra said that prime minister modi loves himachal pradesh and he still remembers his time spent in the state.
;;0.0;;he said that during video conferencing on mudra scheme, modi gave the example of mithai (sweet) seller from shimla who has mastered his profession.
;;-0.4215;;co/4uzjp5mhva  times of india (@timesofindia) 1567827807000new delhi: isro chairman k sivan broke down soon after prime minister modi concluded his speech following the setback of vikram lander.
;;0.0;;he said that in the past five years, prime minister modi had taken the country's economy to the fifth position from the 11th position.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 13, 2019file photo of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1779;;nagpur: prime minister modi modis visit to pandharkawda, a major cotton growing centre of the region, is expected to have an impact on neighbouring state of telangana.
;;0.4019;;modi would be addressing members of womens self help group (shg) during the rally.
;;0.5129;;meanwhile, despite the political alienation with bjp many villagers in telangana toi spoke to are keen to just have a glimpse of modi.
;;0.1027;;chennai: the city corporation imparted training under swachh bharat mission to 215 campaigners who have been tasked with coordinating the implementation of prime minister modi 's flagship project in the city.
;;0.4939;;(pti)varanasi: prime minister modi launched the membership drive of the ruling bjp from his lok sabha constituency on saturday, noting that it will further connect people from all walks of life with the saffron party.
;;0.0;;earlier, soon after his arrival here on a day-long visit, modi unveiled a statue of former prime minister lal bahadur shastri at the airport.
;;0.4961;;modi not only retained his seat, but also saw his victory margin rise by nearly one lakh votes, compared to the 2014 lok sabha polls when he had defeated aam aadmi party (aap) supremo and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal by over three lakh votes.
;;0.7906;;in a tweet, modi described mookerjee as a great educationist and a bright nationalist thinker.
;;-0.296;;chandigarh: punjab chief minister amarinder singh has sought personal intervention of prime minister modi to put a stop to the practice of making frequent changes in the guidelines of rashtriya krishi vikas yojana (rkvy).
;;0.7506;;replying to a query on shangri-la dialogue, where prime minister modi stressed india and china must work together for better future, rajan said there is benefit in new delhi having a good relationship with beijing and vice versa.
;;0.0;;paswan said reservation is a constitutional right, and added that prime minister modi has reiterated it many times that it can not tampered with.
;;0.7443;;prime minister modi , during his visit to the state on february 9, reiterated the centres commitment to grant st status to the six communities without hampering the privileges of the existing tribes enjoying the tag.
;;0.4588;;these facts were mentioned by prime minister modi in the welcome address after birla's installation on the coveted chair on june 19.
;;0.34;;srinagar: internet services on mobile devices were snapped here on sunday as a precautionary measure even as tight security arrangements have been put in place for prime minister modi modi's visit to jammu and kashmir.
;;0.836;;3 crore received through the seoul peace prize by prime minister modi after he wrote to finance minister nirmala sitharaman on august 11 saying he wished to pay income tax on the amount like all other tax-payers in the country.
;;-0.5408;;starting his speech with mitron, a term synonymous with prime minister modi , the cm not only thanked the party workers and bjp 's allies for supporting the party, but also took potshots at the samajwadi party , despite whose support bsp failed to get its lone candidate elected to the upper house.
;;0.4588;;garvi gujarat bhavangandhinagar: the newly constructed garvi gujarat bhavan, located at akbar road in the heart of new delhi, will be dedicated to the public by prime minister modi on september 2 chief minister vijay rupani and cabinet ministers will attend the event in delhi.
;;0.4588;;washington: prime minister modi will be visiting new york and houston in the third week of september, continuing new delhi's tradition of engagement with the trump administration and the indian-american community in the us on the sidelines of the un general assembly meet.
;;0.4767;;indian prime ministers in the past seldom went beyond the new york-washington dc axis, but modi made an exception in when he made a foray into san francisco in 2015 to engage with silicon valley stalwarts and newbies, visiting the campus of facebook and tesla during the visit.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday urged the international community to have a global water action agenda as central theme to achieve land degradation neutrality and announced indias commitment of restoring 26 million hectares of degraded land by 2030 - an increase of 5 million hectares over the existing pledge of restoring 21 million hectares.
;;0.6369;;5 billion metric tonnes to 3 billion metric tonnes, through tree cover, said pm modi while opening high-level segment of the ongoing un conference of parties ( cop14 ) on combating desertification at greater noida.
;;0.0;;similarly, his emphasis on having global water action plan may serve the twin objectives of water conservation - indias high priority area under modi 2.
;;0.0;;augmenting water supply, enhancing water recharge, slowing down water run off and retaining moisture in the soil are all parts of a holistic land and water strategy, said modi at the gathering of delegates, including ministers, from over 195 countries.
;;0.1027;;referring to indias ongoing efforts to conserve both water and land resources, pm modi in his speech spoke about soil health card scheme, zero budget natural farming, micro irrigation programme with aim on per drop more crop and massive campa fund allocation ($ 6 billion) for afforestation exercise.
;;0.0;;congress claims that parrikar is using the files to blackmail prime minister modi in order to hold on to his post as the chief minister of the state.
;;0.3182;;malik said a memorandum has also been sent to prime minister modi reminding him the promise he had made in 2015 to fulfil the demands of the jats.
;;0.5994;;on march 26, 2015, modi had assured that the reservation to jat community would be restored by introducing a new law.
;;-0.4215;;in february this year, prime minister modi had announced to set up aiims at manethi in rewari district at a programme held in kurukshetra and the provision of budget of rs 1,300 crore for aiims in manethi has also been made in the interim budget presented in lok sabha but the forest department has refused to allot the marked space for aiims.
;;0.0;;pti photoaurangabad: prime minister modi on saturday said rs 3.
;;-0.3612;;surat: cops had to work on a tight schedule since early morning on sunday because besides ensuring security for surat night marathon they were also busy removing posters that carried prime minister modi modis image along with that of bank fraud accused nirav modi and vijay mallya, put up across multiple locations on the marathon route in the city.
;;0.5267;;to modis right were the images of nirav modi , modi , vijay mallya and others while left had images of an engineer, a doctor, a lawyer, a scientist and a farmer, allegedly defrauded by some of these fugitives from justice.
;;-0.2755;;motihari: prime minister modi on tuesday interacted with dms of 13 bihar districts which have not achieved satisfactory target under the swachh bharat mission of the central government.
;;0.5719;;listing out the developmental works by the jd(u) and the bjp government in bihar, modi urged people of bengal to give his party a chance to take the state on the path of development.
;;0.0;;i will come back only after prime minister modi finishes his two proposed visits to gujarat.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 11, 2018prime minister modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.34;;varanasi: following advance security liaison (asl) conducted by spg team with local administration and police, indian air force choppers conducted a fleet rehearsal on saturday for prime minister modi 's proposed visit on november 12.
;;0.0258;;irani said she wanted the congress to realise that jammu and kashmir and ladakh are an integral part of india and the citizens there wanted development to reach every household under the leadership of prime minister modi .
;;0.4019;;aurangabad/mumbai: prime minister modi on saturday visited maharashtra ahead of assembly polls, inaugurating three new metro lines in mumbai and a smart city project in aurangabad.
;;0.5046;;launching three more metro lines worth over rs 19,000 crore in mumbai at bkc event, modi underlined the need to create cities of the 21st century, saying without them the aim of becoming a $5-trillion economy will remain a pipe-dream.
;;0.0;;modi also laid the foundation stone for the metro bhavan.
;;0.0;;referring to the ongoing dialogue between the issak-muivah faction of the national socialist council of nagaland (nscn-im) and the government interlocutor, the minister said the modi government was the most sensitive toward the issues of the nagas and the northeast the process of naga talks are being followed up with utmost sincerity.
;;0.4939;;a framework agreement was signed on august 3, 2015 by nscn-im general secretary thuingaleng muivah and the government's interlocutor r n ravi in the presence of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;bjp state president and rajya sabha mp, vinay tendulkar, had recently said that chief minister manohar parrikar would call prime minister modi over the states mining imbroglio.
;;-0.3612;;this story is from december 19, 2018mk stalin (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citycoimbatore: bjp national secretary h raja came down heavily on dmk president mk stalin on tuesday for criticizing prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5696;;people of tamil nadu do not accept the way stalin criticized modi terming him a sadist.
;;0.0;;what is the need to speak about modi during a statue unveiling ceremony, he said referring to the recent unveiling of late dmk patriarch m karunanidhis statue in chennai.
;;0.6249;;to a query on modi not visiting the cyclone-affected areas of tamil nadu, raja said the pm had deputed senior ministers including nirmala sitharaman and pon radhakrishnan to the delta region and had also granted relief fund.
;;0.0;;he then met with india's prime minister modi , where he was asked about attending the climate session.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister modi will dedicate to the nation a greenfield electric locomotive manufacturing factory at madhepura on tuesday.
;;0.128;;the track-doubling work to be launched by modi will be completed in a stretch of about 210km at an estimated cost of rs 2,401 crore.
;;0.6734;;prime minister modi on saturday asked isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn and better tomorrow.
;;0.8658;;new delhi: prime minister modi today asked youngsters to join the 'swachh bharat summer internship 2018' launched by his government and announced incentives, including credit point by the ugc, for participants, saying it is an opportunity for those who want to make a change in the society.
;;0.5719;;in his monthly ' mann ki baat ' broadcast, modi also pitched for water conservation, saying it should be everyone's responsibility and asserted that his government has spent rs 32,000 crore annually outside the mnrega (mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act) budget and 150 lakh acre land have benefitted from it in the last three years.
;;0.5859;;in his over 30-minute address, modi touched on a number of topics, including indian athletes', especially women's, achievement in the commonwealth games, people's response to his call for fitness and also paid tributes to prophet mohammad and lord buddha ahead of the month of ramzan and 'buddha purnima' respectively.
;;0.6124;;modi also hailed the performance the indian squad in the commonwealth games, saying they made every indian proud and especially lauded woman athletes for their show.
;;0.0;;modi also paid tributes to rabindranath tagore, whose birth anniversary falls on may 7, and said he would regularly listen to 'rabindra sangeet' when he was a child.
;;0.0;;drawing a contrast, shah said the manner in which prime minister modi had dealt with doklam was exemplary.
;;0.765;;last week, prime minister modi launched a slew of measures, including loan sanction of up to rs 1 crore in less than an hour and relaxation in labour and environmental laws for msmes to give a boost to the sector, the country's second-biggest employer.
;;-0.6124;;the agitators submitted a memorandum to the circle officer of dibrugarh west revenue circle, tarali das, addressed to prime minister modi and chief minister sarbananda sonowal the ahom community has been demanding that the bogibeel bridge be named as swargadeo chaolung sukapha swamanyay setu after the first ahom king, chaolung sukapha.
;;0.7269;;prime minister modi (pti photo)the hardworking fraternity of chartered accountants has been furthering the culture of honesty and better corporate https://t.
;;0.6369;;on doctors' day , modi congratulated all the hardworking doctors for their round the clock efforts to make the society fit and healthy.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and jharkhand chief minister raghubar das.
;;0.7783;;in his welcome address for modi at the gandhi maidan here, das said jharkhand emerged as the one of the most developed states in india due a double engine growth powered by stable governments at the centre and the state.
;;0.0;;modi had used the same phrase in sindri to list the development works in jharkhand while inaugurating the revival of the sindri fertilizer plant.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 22, 2019file photo of modi modi.
;;0.0;;rajkot: a couple from talaja in bhavnagar has appealed those attending their marriage to vote for prime minister modi during the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;the bhamar family belonging to ahir community have sought vote for modi as gifts from guest attending the marriage of their two wards on february 9-10.
;;0.3182;;one of the family members mayabhai bhamar said, we all are fan of pm modi and thats why we have asked our guests to vote for modi in upcoming election.
;;0.8176;;we all are celebrating three successful years completed by prime minister modi in office.
;;0.0;;the china-india yoga college was opened at yunnan minzu university in kunming in 2015 after the visit of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;kochi: prime minister modi , who will visit kochi on sunday, will dedicate bpcl kochi refinerys integrated refinery expansion project (irep) to the nation at kochi refinery on sunday.
;;0.0;;modi will also be inaugurating indian oil corporations mounded storage vessel (msv) at its bottling plant.
;;0.0;;bear grylls with modi , on a raft made of reeds.
;;0.0;;read morehow did the idea of an episode with pm modi come about?
;;0.0;;in an email interview to rajeev deshpande, he spoke about his encounter with prime minister modi during the shooting of man vs wild, which will be telecast on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and discovery india also discussed such a journey.
;;0.7269;;for me, it was a huge privilege to be able to take prime minister modi , the leader of the worlds largest democracy, on an adventure to some of the most spectacular wilderness in his own country.
;;0.0;;it was also about getting to know modi as a man outside of politics.
;;0.5499;;guwahati: one of assams largest labour unions, the assam chah mazdoor sangha (acms), hit out at prime minister modi for bringing up his chaiwala days before the election but failing to ensure the daily minimum wage of rs 351 for tea garden employees after winning.
;;0.2732;;naidu further said that everyone in the country had accepted prime minister modi as their leader.
;;0.0;;the statue being build in the state in the memory of sardar vallabhbhai patel will be inaugurated by prime minister modi on october 31, to mark patels birth anniversary.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: as part of government's scheme of funding the unfunded, prime minister modi on tuesday said banks and financial institutions have given rs 6 lakh crore to 12 crore beneficiaries.
;;-0.5106;;read also:'jai shree ram has become a war-cry': celebs write to pm modi over incidents of lynchingletterletterletterletterletterlynchinglynchinglynchingletterletterletterletterletterletterlynchingnew delhi: sixty-two personalities, including actor kangana ranaut , cbfc chief prasoon joshi and classical dancer sonal mansingh, have written an open letter against the selective outrage and false narratives of celebrities who had earlier penned an open letter to prime minister modi over lynching incidents in the country.
;;0.3818;;an open letter which has been published on july 23 2019, and addressed to prime minister modi has astonished us.
;;0.5574;;it is aimed at tarnishing india's international standing and to negatively portray prime minister modi's untiring efforts to effectuate governance on the foundations of positive nationalism and humanism which is the core of indianness, the letter read.
;;-0.0;;the 49 celebrities from different fields including singer shubha mudgal, actor konkona sen sharma and filmmakers shyam benegal, anurag kashyap and mani ratnam, among others, had written theto prime minister modi on tuesday, demanding that exemplary punishment should be meted out swiftly and surely incases.
;;-0.6369;;hyderabad: senior congress leader and former mp v hanumanth rao on friday charged the ruling trs and the bjp with indulging in a friendly-fight and demanded that union defence minister nirmala sitaraman and bjp seek an open apology from chief minister k chandrasekhar rao for his slip of tongue remark against prime minister modi the two parties levelling criticism and counter criticism against each other is only a drama.
;;0.0026;;as president trump said during prime minister modi's visit to washington, the relationship between india and the united states has never been stronger, has never been better, the top state department official said.
;;0.4019;;while the ground work of the relationship was being laid by officials on both sides - in particular foreign secretary s jaishankar and national security adviser ajit k doval - in the first six months of the year, when they held multiple visits or hosted senior white house officials, it is the meeting of prime minister modi with trump at the white house on june 26, which is said to be a landmark and a turning point in the bilateral relationship this year.
;;0.0;;modi and trump have met twice this year and have spoken over phone multiple times.
;;0.2732;;the modi government has strongly taken up the issue with the trump administration.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 3, 2019making a sensational claim rahul gandhi said goa chief minister manohar parikkar blackmailed pm modi with in.
;;-0.4939;;new delhi: a day after prime minister modi said in an interview that there were no allegations against him personally in the rafale deal, congress president rahul gandhi said this is not the case and emphasised that it was the pm alone who needs to answer questions about the deal.
;;0.0;;in a sensational claim, rahul also said goa chief minister manohar parikkar blackmailed modi with information related to the rafale deal, referring to an alleged tape recording.
;;-0.34;;throwing the gauntlet at pm modi and challenging him to a 20-minute one-on-one debate on the defence deal, rahul also accused modi of lacking the guts to face questions and hiding in his office.
;;-0.3612;;in a twin attack on modi first in lok sabha and then at the party headquarters on wednesday, rahul also reiterated the demand for a joint parliamentary probe into the rafale deal, and raised questions on the increase in price of the fighters, procedures being bypassed to finalise the deal, and the exclusion of hindustan aeronautics limited (hal) to accommodate anil ambanis reliance defence.
;;-0.7184;;patna: as the bjp-led nda government at the centre is about to complete three years in power this month, the state jd(u) on saturday made a frontal attack on prime minister modi , accusing him of failing to create government jobs.
;;0.4019;;there has been a drastic fall in central government jobs in the country under the modi government, the party said.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 5, 2019pm modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.5719;;bhubaneswar: less than a fortnight ago on december 24, a key part of prime minister modi modis speech at a public meeting in khurda was his reference to the chit fund scam in the state.
;;-0.5719;;when modi will address a public meeting at baripada on saturday, it is widely anticipated the pm may raise the pitch further on the issue because the local mp ramchandra hansdah of the bjd spent nearly four years in jail for his alleged complicity in the nava diganata chit fund scam.
;;0.0;;the same was interpreted as modi being soft towards the regional satrap, especially after bjps poll drubbings in madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh and rajasthan.
;;-0.2023;;the new block in western court in delhi, which prime minister modi inaugurated on wednesday, has increased a capacity to accommodate 162 lawmakers of lok sabha.
;;0.6486;;new delhi: ahead of the maiden budget of his second term in office, prime minister modi on tuesday brainstormed with top bureaucrats of finance and other ministries to finalise the government's 100-day agenda with a focus to revive the sagging economy and create jobs.
;;0.6486;;with the farm sector facing headwinds, modi last week stressed upon the need for structural reforms in agriculture which would boost private investment, strengthen logistics and provide ample market support to farmers.
;;0.2023;;with 2019-20 budget scheduled to be presented on july 5, modi has started holding deliberations with top most bureaucrats for ideas, which could form part of the budget.
;;0.8807;;prime minister modi in a special message said that observing the vaisakhi festival abroad is a glowing sign of the traditions and the values that the sikh community continues to cherish.
;;0.1695;;new delhi: the paradoxes up for discussion at the times litfest delhi on sunday morning were not limited to the ones congress mp shashi tharoor has alluded to about prime minister modi in his latest book, the paradoxical prime minister.
;;0.6705;;attending the morning session with his forehead smeared with a tilak  he came straight from a temple after paying obeisance with his mother, lily, whose birthday it was  tharoor also defended his praise of pm modi when he had first assumed office in 2014.
;;0.8271;;attributing this to his respect of the mandate of the people who elected the pm to power, tharoor said, by acknowledging some of the positive things that the pm said, what i was doing was to lay clear what the par was against which he would be judged later modi came to power saying some of the most liberal things, but depending on some of the most illiberal elements  the rss volunteers and their bigots  for political support.
;;0.0;;tharoor also claimed even though modi was a product of the sangh, he sought to rise above it.
;;0.6808;;senior singla, who passed away earlier this year, had good relationship with prime minister modi and the cm and therefore junior singla may be considered by the party for the gurugram seat, sources said.
;;0.0;;they have also written to prime minister modi , all the gujarat members of parliaments (mps), chief minister vijay rupani, mlas and other concerned people.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: the gujarat bjp has organised a listening session of prime minister modi 's radio programme 'mann ki baat' on may 28 at 48,000 election booths across the state where the bjp workers will gather and listen to the pm's speech on radio.
;;0.4019;;he said the bjp and prime minister modi came to power, promising two crore new jobs every year.
;;0.2263;;thus, following the party fiat, two prominent yadav leaders as well as known foes from gurugram  local mp and a minister of state in the modi government rao inderjit singh and haryana cabinet minister rao narbir singh  are leaving no stone unturned to meet their targets.
;;0.0;;in the run-up to the lok sabha polls , prime minister modi is slated to inaugurate the project at korwa on february 28.
;;0.4019;;kampala: india is emerging as a global manufacturing and start-up hub and many of the 'made-in-india' products, including cars and smart phones, are today exported to nations from whom the country used to import, prime minister modi said today.
;;0.2263;;modi also hailed india's ties with uganda and other african nations, saying the resource-rich continent is now in the centre of his government's foreign policy.
;;0.3818;;modi reiterated india's commitment to provide $ 10 billion to africa.
;;0.0;;modi also recalled his trip to uganda as gujarat chief minister in 2007 and said the memory of that visit was still afresh.
;;0.0;;modi arrived in kampala this evening on a two-day visit to uganda - the first bilateral tour by an indian prime minister since 1997.
;;0.34;;the bid rounds are also aimed at meeting prime minister modi modi's target of giving piped cooking gas connection to 1 crore households, roughly triple the current size, by 2020.
;;0.0;;guwahati: bjp president ranjeet kumar dass on monday said prime minister modi will kick off the partys lok sabha poll campaign from the state on january 4.
;;0.0;;samrakshana yatra and another one from thiruvananthapuram, led by cpm state secretary modi , would culminate in thrissur on march 2.
;;0.0;;the project is likely to be inaugurated by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.296;;roy, a strong critic of prime minister modi , is an award-winning writer whose views on kashmiri separatism has been a cause for controversy.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi held the first pragati meeting of his second term, today: aninew delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday chaired his thirtieth interaction through pragati - the ict-based, multi-modal platform for pro-active governance and timely implementation.
;;0.8519;;after scrutinising the progress made under ayushmann bharat scheme, prime minister modi called for dialogue with state governments to evolve best practices and further improvements in the scheme.
;;0.4215;;developing a mechanism to collect feedback from divyangjan (persons with disability) on accessibility issues faced by them in public premises was suggested by modi while inspecting the progress made by the government under saugamya bharat abhiyan.
;;-0.6369;;the accused updated his mobile number on truecaller under the name of dadri mla tejpal nagar with a fake display picture of nagar with prime minister modi he then found sp city arun kumar singhs number on the internet and called him to demand the release of saurabhs seized bike.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, fadnavis on friday briefed prime minister modi on the flood situation in the state.
;;-0.2023;;new delhi, jan 25 () india and south africa have resolved to work together to address the issue of fugitive economic offenders through international organisations and institutions, said a joint statement released after prime minister modi and president cyril ramaphosa held talks here on friday.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi had laid the foundation stone for the project in august 2016, raising hopes for more than 50 lakh people in the five districts for a direct rail connectivity to the city.
;;0.4404;;bhopal: known for his matchless publicity campaigns, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan gave a unique gift to prime minister modi on completing three years in office, a eulogistic video composition titled 'saal teen behtareen', showcasing the achievements of modi government's three years.
;;0.0;;on taking up nrc in telangana, kishan reddy had said prime minister modi and home minister shah would take the call at an appropriate time.
;;-0.8519;;sitamarhi/chhapra: bjp chief amit shah on sunday said prime minister modi has shown he is a man with a 56-inch chest by destroying terrorist hideouts in pakistan.
;;0.0;;the nda is a pious combination under the leadership of pm modi.
;;-0.128;;shah said all anti-national elements will end up behind bars once the modi government returns to power, as he hit out at congress chief rahul gandhi for what he described as his temerity to promise scrapping of the sedition law.
;;0.4019;;addressing back-to-back election rallies in sitamarhi and saran, which will be voting in the fifth phase on may 6, shah drew a contrast between modi and gandhi, claiming that the pm has been working tirelessly for the past 20 years unlike the congress chief who needs a prolonged holiday every few months.
;;0.7845;;modi also appointed bhagwan lal sahni of muzaffarpur district as the chairman of the commission after it earned constitutional status, thereby giving our obc brothers in bihar the respect that has always been their due, he said in a deft play of the caste card.
;;0.0;;the bjp chief also said that the jodi (duo) of cm nitish kumar and his deputy modi had brought bihar out of the era of lawlessness, asserting that things have started moving at an unprecedented speed ever since modi formed the government at the centre.
;;0.0;;shah was accompanied by modi at both the rallies.
;;0.0;;shah said the modi government at the centre had released several crores of rupees for construction work on chhapra-hajipur national highway.
;;0.0772;;the removal of the 1979 batch ut cadre ips officer alok verma, at loggerheads with the government and agencys supervising authority cvc, by a high-powered selection committee led by prime minister modi , means that his hasty reversal of transfers of officers considered close to him will be undone again.
;;0.1531;;land acquisition for the plant is currently underway as the chief minister plans to invite prime minister modi and his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh haseena for its groundbreaking event next year.
;;0.836;;beijing: prime minister modi on tuesday greeted chinese people on their new year and wished them a happy and prosperous 'year of the pig.
;;0.7783;;may the year of the pig bring happiness, wealth and health to everyone, modi wrote on his chinese social media platform, weibo.
;;0.4754;;prime minister modi opened an account on weibo, a twitter-like social media platform which is very popular in china, during his visit here in 2015 and continued to make use of it to interact with chinese people.
;;0.2732;;however, he is still well behind prime minister modi , who has more than 48 million followers on the micro-blogging site.
;;-0.6705;;new delhi/london: days after a violent mob of overseas pakistanis and khalistanis vandalised the indian high commission in london , british premier boris johnson on tuesday regretted the incident in a telephonic conversation with prime minister modi in the first conversation with johnson after he became prime minister, modi drew attention to the challenges posed by vested interests pursuing their motivated agenda, including by violent means.
;;-0.8573;;the telephonic talk comes a day after modi spoke to us president donald trump , stressing that pakistan pm imran khans extreme rhetoric and incitement of anti-india violence is not conducive to peace.
;;-0.8271;;modi reminded johnson of the importance of tackling terrorism, pointing out that terrorism had plagued all parts of the world, including india and europe.
;;0.0;;a downing street spokesperson said after the telephonic talk: the prime minister and prime minister modi discussed the current situation in kashmir.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi said there are immense possibilities for the uk and india which would increase prosperity in both countries, the spokesperson said.
;;0.2023;;ahead of the g7, the prime minister and prime minister modi agreed on the importance of working together to tackle climate change and other threats to biodiversity.
;;0.25;;union minister of state for home and bjp state president nityanand raibhopal: union minister of state for home nityanand rai made an embarrassing slip of the tongue on tuesday  in an attempt to praise prime minister modi , he inadvertently described him as someone who can turn possible to impossible.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister modi worked hard to attain bjps objectives, which turned into big achievements.
;;0.3818;;on a query on economic slowdown and decline in gdp growth, the union minister said, the country is moving forward under the leadership of pm modi to achieve the 5 trillion-dollar economy target.
;;0.0;;noida: nearly 5,000 police personnel will be deployed for prime minister modi modis visit to inaugurate the magenta line on monday.
;;0.0;;construction work on the second section of the highway  from up gate on delhi-ghaziabad border to dasna  has been expedited with prime minister modi scheduled to inaugurate the first section, which is from nizamuddin bridge to up gate shortly.
;;-0.7964;;bhatt, who accused gujarat chief minister modi of misusing the state machinery during post-godhra riots in 2002, had last month filed an additional affidavit in the apex court alleging that gujarat government was helping the accused in the fake encounter case to prepare their defense.
;;0.0258;;chennai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on wednesday indicated that aiadmk would not back the proposed no-confidence motion moved by tdp and ysr congress against the modi government as their fight is over 'special category status for ap', reports b sivakumar.
;;0.5574;;can the state government at least now state whether prime minister modi has agreed to meet an all-party delegation from tn or has promised to constitute the board?
;;0.4019;;ptigandhinagar: prime minister modi took a firm decision and made jammu and kashmir an inseparable part of india in one go, union home minister amit shah said on thursday, referring to the centre's historic decision to revoke the border state's special status and bifurcate it.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi does not take decisions just to please people.
;;0.0;;as an interim measure, the appointments committee of the cabinet led by prime minister modi has given charge of the cbi to joint director m nageswar rao, an odisha-cadre officer, with immediate effect, a government order said.
;;-0.1027;;osaka: india has pitched strongly to deal with fugitive economic offenders , and prime minister modi has flagged the issue at all global forums, the country's sherpa to g20 suresh prabhu said on saturday.
;;0.0;;he said that prime minister modi has raised these issues at all global forums.
;;0.4215;;prabhu said india's prime minister modi has been championing that we need anti-corruption measures at global level.
;;0.0;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi: prime minister modi is likely to visit his parliamentary constituency varanasi on july 6.
;;0.4019;;the local unit of the bjp, meanwhile, geared up preparations for the possible launch of a mega plantation drive on panchkroshi road by modi , who could also launch a nationwide membership campaign of the party.
;;0.4019;;kuala lumpur: prime minister modi today left for singapore after a brief halt in malaysia where he met his newly-elected malaysian counterpart mahathir mohammad and discussed ways to boost bilateral ties.
;;0.0;;modi congratulated mahathir on assuming the post of prime minister of malaysia.
;;0.0;;deputy prime minister dr wan azizah was at the airport to see off modi.
;;0.0;;modi, who arrived here today on the second leg of his three-nation tour, met 92-year-old mahathir in his office at perdana putra complex, putrajaya.
;;0.3818;;modi is among the first world leaders to meet mahathir, who became the world's oldest elected leader when his opposition alliance registered a stunning victory over the barisan nasional coalition, which had ruled malaysia since 1957.
;;0.0;;modi last visited malaysia in novembver 2015.
;;-0.4939;;meanwhile, tension prevailed in trichy as a group of protesters attempted to burn the bjp flag and effigy of prime minister modi in front of the head post office.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi during the delegation-level meeting of the shanghai cooperation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on friday attended the sco summit here.
;;-0.296;;there is no use of modi to the people of india.
;;-0.3612;;thats why we are insisting on uniting all the regional parties to defeat modi though we have no personal enmity against him.
;;0.3182;;this story is from november 12, 2018hotspotssharmishtha lakevadnagar railway stationtarangagunjadownload the times of india news app for latest cityahmedabad: prime minister modi modis home town in north gujarat is undergoing a fresh round of excavations for the season 2018-19 as excavation branch v of the archaeological survey of india (asi) has expanded its scope of operations.
;;0.0;;the town where pm modi grew up got in the limelight when the state archaeology department, under the leadership of dr y s rawat, discovered a complete buddhist monastery in ghaskol area a decade ago.
;;-0.5106;;mumbai: senior congress leader and former union minister of state for home rpn singh has said the three-year-old nda government of prime minister modi has failed on all fronts.
;;-0.6808;;at a juncture when there is collapse of administration, law and order, sudden spurt in cross-border terror and farmers suicides, it's shocking the bjp is celebrating three years of the modi government,'' singh said on friday during an interaction with the media on the three years of modi government.
;;0.5267;;singh claimed all the projects inaugurated by modi in the last three years were planned and executed during the upa rule, but the pm was taking credit for it.
;;0.0;;on friday, modi inaugurated india's longest bridge, on the river brahmaputra in assam.
;;0.3818;;now, modi is taking credit for it.
;;0.2144;;he further said that the bjp had strongly criticised aadhaar, the national rural employment guarantee and assurance scheme, goods and services tax, but after modi took over, he was instrumental in implementing all these schemes.
;;0.4939;;he recalled that modi had, in his first speech, declared his government would create five crore jobs in five years, but in the first three years, it was able to create only six lakh jobs.
;;0.0;;these is the data released by the modi government.
;;0.34;;in fact, modi has not been able to implement even a single assurance given in the bjp manifesto prior to the lok sabha polls,'' singh said.
;;0.0;;new delhi: it appears observers in china are closely watching the gujarat polls, because they see it as a litmus test of indian voters' attitude toward prime minister modi 's reform agenda, reported chinese state media.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 5, 2019file photo of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4215;;gandhinagar: prime minister modi will lay the foundation stone for the rs 1,000 crore umiya dham  being developed by the powerful kadva patidar community  in ahmedabad on march 4.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi will lay the foundation stone of the grand complex near the vaishnodevi circle.
;;0.1531;;gehlot alleged that prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah and the rss were playing a dangerous game in the country to kill democracy have you ever before heard a pm say that 40 mlas from a state are in touch with him and once he wins, they will break away from their party and join him?
;;-0.6597;;chief minister manohar parrikar , who briefed prime minister modi about the tragedy, said there would be very few casualties.
;;-0.1779;;hyderabad: telangana bjp president k laxman demanded an apology from chief minister k chandrasekhar rao for his 'derogatory' remarks against prime minister modi at a public meeting in karimnagar two days ago.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has a soft corner for indian railways.
;;0.0258;;prime minister modi should therefore consider the following suggestion from the parliamentary standing committee:sufficient gross budgetary support should be provided to railways every year keeping in view their various socio-economic commitments including strategic lines.
;;0.0;;noting that bjp under prime minister modi is making strides, the former rss pracharak-turned-politician said the masses will rally behind the pm in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
;;0.0387;;people are gradually realizing that the mahaghatbandhan is nothing but a platform for corrupt politicians bent on preventing modi from getting another term to save themselves from getting punished and eventually ending up in jail, khattar said.
;;0.4215;;co/hrz5pdtbsh  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1561779753000osaka: prime minister modi on saturday held separate bilateral meetings with leaders of indonesia, brazil, turkey, australia, singapore and chile, and discussed a host of key issues including trade, counter-terrorism, defence, maritime security and sports.
;;0.4588;;modi, who was in osaka, japan for the two-day g20 summit, held his first official engagement on the last day of the summit with indonesian president joko widodo.
;;0.0;;soon after, modi met brazil president jair bolsonaro and held wide-ranging discussions on bilateral relationship, specially cooperation in trade and investment, agriculture and bio-fuels in the context of climate change.
;;0.5106;;in his meeting with australian prime minister scott morrison, prime minister modi had good discussions on enhancing cooperation in sports, mining technology, defence and maritime cooperation and indo-pacific.
;;0.5411;;the bonhomie between morrison and modi was on full display when the australian prime minister tweeted a selfie with his indian counterpart and praised him in hindi kithana acha he modi!
;;0.2732;;modi replied to his tweet by saying he was stoked about the energy of the india-australia relations.
;;0.0;;on friday, modi held bilateral and plurilateral meetings with many leaders, including us president donald trump, russian president vladimir putin and china's xi jinping.
;;0.0;;overall, modi held nine bilateral meetings with the leaders of japan, the us, saudi arabia, south korea, germany, indonesia, brazil, turkey and australia; eight pull-aside meetings with thailand, vietnam, the world bank, the unsg, france, italy, singapore and chile; two plurilaterals- jai (japan-america-india) and ric (russia-india-china); one multilateral meeting of brics and four g20 sessions and a community event.
;;0.5267;;led by prime minister modi , the bjp had claimed a landslide victory, winning over 300 seats.
;;0.5859;;jhunjhunu hogged the limelight when prime minister modi chose to extend the governments ambitious beti bachao beti padhao (bbbp) across the country from here on march 8, due to explicit implementation of the scheme in the district jhunjhunu.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister modi will soon inaugurate the diesel locomotive factory at marhowra in saran district, deputy cm modi said on friday.
;;0.2023;;the upa government only made promises in its over 10 years regime, but the modi government did not only complete the bidding process and the remaining formalities but also commenced production from marhowra factory and madhepura electric locomotive factory in the last three years, sumo said.
;;0.4588;;earlier, on april 10 last, pm modi had dedicated to the nation the madhepura plant by flagging off the first freight electric locomotive engine assembled there through a remote device at motihari.
;;-0.4404;;when they tried to enter the sabha, the police prevented them leading to minor scuffle between the police and the protestors under thennur bridge some of them started burning the bjp flag in front of the sabha and appeared to beating up the effigies prime minister modi with slippers.
;;-0.7783;;in a steep escalation of tension between india and pakistan on friday, just a day ahead of prime minister modi modi's visit to jammu and kashmir, five indians, including a bsf jawan, and seven pakistanis were killed on both sides of the international border.
;;-0.765;;gurugram: undeterred by his debacle in the jind bypoll, congress leader randeep surjewala on sunday launched a scathing attack on bjp governments at the centre and in haryana, claiming people were angry with prime minister modi and chief minister manohar lal khattar as they had failed to fulfil their poll promises.
;;-0.1265;;asserting that digvijay singh is not scared of alleged attacks by prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah, agarwal said, digvijay singh-led government was in power in the state for 10 years and bjp for 15 years.
;;0.2753;;prime minister modi and amit shah kept attacking him but singh was not scared.
;;0.0;;sources said that when prime minister modi had visited the city in october, nhai had asked mcepl to light up the area.
;;0.0;;the mission life of orbiter will be one year whereas the mission life of lander (vikram) and rover (pragyan) will be one lunar day which is equal to fourteen earth days prime minister modi will be at the isro today around midnight to watch the event.
;;0.0;;also get prime minster modi to visit these places.
;;0.7003;;chamarajanagar/udupi/ chikkodi: prime minister modi hit the campaign trail in karnataka on tuesday, targeting the siddaramaiah government for its culpability in promoting ease of doing urders and accusing congress of promoting a culture of family politics.
;;-0.8934;;in his udupi address, modi came down heavily on what he said were murders of hindu activists in karnataka, alleging that the siddaramaiah government was apathetic to these killings.
;;0.3612;;modi assured dalits that reservation facilities provided to them in accordance with the constitution will not be withdrawn under any condition.
;;-0.4497;;but a youth in vijayapura district in north karnataka has stunned all by writing a six-page bloodletter to prime minister modi , demanding a government school.
;;0.3753;;prime minister modi says the dreams of the gorkha community are mine, yet the dreams have not been fulfilled, he said, referring to the demand for a separate state.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi has praised the indian missions abroad for organising events on yoga and urged everyone to participate in it.
;;0.4588;;sources close to patel said he was first asked by leaders of the mahagathbandhan or grand alliance against the bjp to contest the varanasi parliamentary constituency, which prime minister modi had by 3.
;;0.2023;;seaside resort of sochi +new delhi: playing out a now-familiar script, prime minister modi will spend monday with russian president vladimir putin at thein his second informal summit.
;;0.0;;modi will return the same night, said sources.
;;0.802;;modi is stepping up a new kind of personalised diplomacy, of engaging directly at the highest level in an informal atmosphere, free from protocol, official agendas and outcome documents, even if there are some agreements that may be reached.
;;0.0;;on wednesday, modi called shinzo abe, japans pm for a longish chat where he briefed abe on the wuhan summit.
;;0.0;;since modi and putin will be meeting again in june (sco summit), july (brics summit in south africa) and during the russian presidents visit to india in october, outcomes are expected to be pushed back to later this year.
;;0.0;;this is expected to be further fleshed out in talks between modi and putin.
;;0.4019;;naveens statement, in response to queries from the media, comes at a time when prime minister modi has held back-to-back political rallies in different parts of odisha, clearly saying bjp intended to focus on the state.
;;0.3818;;modi addressed three rallies  at khurda on december 24, baripada on january 5 and balangir on january 15  and spoke of the centres plans for the state and of its commitment to odishas development.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi modidownload the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: prime minister modi at a meeting with jamia millia islamia vice-chancellor najma akhtar has assured the university of all assistance in setting up a medical college-cum-hospital in the next few years.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday hailed india's religious diversity as he wished the nation, particularly muslims, on the beginning of the holy month of ramzan i convey my hearty greetings to all fellow indians and everyone across the world, especially muslim brethren at the advent of this auspicious month of ramzan.
;;0.7579;;modi also praised afroz shah of mumbai, who led the cleanliness drive in versova beach and appreciated the work of abu dhabi-based indian painter akbar sahab, who recently drew sketches for the 'analytical book on mann ki baat'.
;;0.4215;;modi added that shah was an inspiring example.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi has paved the way for our emergence as a strong political entity in meghalaya, which is looking for a respite from the clutches of congress, a bjp worker said, referring to the rally for change that the pm addressed on saturday.
;;-0.5106;;chennai: prime minister modi , who has failed to form the cauvery management board , will be received at chennai airport with black flags on thursday, said veteran tamil film director bharathiraja.
;;-0.0;;majority of houses sanctioned under pmay scheme in the name of women: pm about 70  houses sanctioned under the pm awas yojana (pmay) for the poor are in the name of women, prime minister modi said on tuesday while linking his government's flagship programme to the dignity of people.
;;-0.296;;rourkela: noting that prime minister modi looks visibly shattered following the rafale issue, congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday asked party workers to stay away from using murdabad slogan against his political adversary.
;;-0.8495;;stating that the congress will be able to defeat the bjp in the lok sabha elections without giving way to hatred, gandhi said, there has been a change in facial expressions of modi modi.
;;0.4939;;new delhi: as the netherlands joined the international solar alliance (isa) here on thursday, prime minister modi greeted his dutch counterpart mark rutte by enhancing bilateral relations in the fields of energy, agriculture, water and technology during the latters second visit to india.
;;0.6369;;prime minister modi himself had made an appeal to his party office bearers to attract youngsters through various means including social media.
;;-0.6369;;tirupur: the city police on wednesday registered a case against an unidentified facebook user for allegedly posting a morphed and abusive image of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the image targets modi on the cauvery issue, police said.
;;-0.6705;;chinnasamy also lodged another complaint against a man who called him and abused modi and his wife.
;;0.3818;;while the mp scoreline was still fluid, prime minister modi tweeted: we accept the peoples mandate with humility.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 21, 2018prime minister modi (ap)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.1531;;gokhale extended an invite to him on behalf of modi during his meeting with the bhutan pm.
;;0.0;;onboard vande bharat express: prime minister modi flagged off the countrys first indigenous engine-less semi-high speed train vande bharat express (t 18) from new delhi railway station on friday.
;;0.4404;;kolkata: leaders from over a dozen opposition parties came together on saturday, vowing at a mega rally here to put up a united fight in the coming lok sabha elections and oust prime minister modi from power.
;;0.5574;;bjp cadres also raised slogans in praise of prime minister modi and union minister of state for finance and shipping and kanyakumari mp pon radhakrishnan started speaking after the mlas.
;;-0.2732;;the purported victim, ramashankar patel, was one of the proposers for prime minister modi when he filed his nomination from the varanasi lok sabha seat earlier this year.
;;-0.4404;;speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a meeting to register their protest against the union government for the delay on thursday, bharathiraja argued that prime minister modi modis reluctance to grant appointment to discuss on cauvery issue and his keenness in campaigning for his party in the poll bound karnataka revealed that the union government has decided to delay the constitution of the board .
;;0.128;;the rashtriya gram swaraj abhiyan yojana launched by prime minister modi on april 24 will provide villages with a further rs 7,300 crore.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said the government had given loan to 12 crore beneficiaries under the mudra yojna , totalling rs 5.
;;-0.1531;;kanyakumari: prime minister modi who will visit the district on tuesday will not be visiting cyclone ockhi affected fishermen or farmers at their place owing to technical reasons and will instead meet them at kanyakumari.
;;-0.1531;;the minister said that affected fishermen and farmers have been invited to meet modi at an alternate location in kanyakumari.
;;-0.296;;with ambedkar being the political shorthand for scs, modi appeared to address the pressure on the dalit front with a retaliatory punch by underlining the memorials to the emancipator that the bjp government has completed after the delays under congress-led upa.
;;-0.4767;;congress president rahul gandhi returned to the campaign trail in karnataka on tuesday with a trenchant attack on modi , asking why was he mum on the court judgment.
;;0.4019;;i appreciate the initiative of prime minister modi that north indians should learn a southern language and vice versa.
;;-0.4939;;guwahati: large-scale protests took place across assam on monday against the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016 with a number groups burning the effigies of prime minister modi , union home minister rajnath singh and chief minister sarbananda sonowal , taking out processions and blocking rail and road traffic.
;;0.0;;the asom jatiyatabadi yuva chhatra parishad (ajycp) burnt the effigies of modi , singh and sonowal at nalbari.
;;0.0772;;on some congress mlas switching over to the bjp in goa, he said, it is obvious that when the prime minister modi and union minister amit shah say that they want to make congress mukt bharat they are only strategising democracy mukt bharath.
;;-0.891;;last month, prime minister modi said that a lynching incident in jharkhand has pained him and the guilty must be severely punished.
;;0.4939;;new delhi: india and vietnam agreed to cooperate on nuclear energy, trade and agriculture as prime minister modi held talks with the president of vietnam, tran dai quang here on saturday.
;;0.4019;;co/zgxkwdsuf4  ani (@ani) 1520144658000tumakuru (karnataka): hailing the bharatiya janata party (bjp)'s victory in the north-east states' polls, prime minister modi on sunday said that radicalisation can only be answered through integration.
;;0.7964;;participation wise, it is biggest kumbh so far, claimed yogi giving its credit to guidance of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;varanasi: prime minister modi will distribute 1,000 electric potter wheels along with other pottery equipment among potters in varanasi on tuesday.
;;0.5267;;(ani)wayanad: congress leader rahul gandhi on tuesday wrote to prime minister modi , seeking his intervention to protect both the life and livelihood of the people in his lok sabha constituency wayanad, ravaged by floods and landslides.
;;-0.1531;;gandhi had tweeted on friday that he spoke to modi on the flood situation in kerala and sought assistance for those affected in the state, including in his constituency wayanad.
;;-0.25;;congress himachal affairs incharge rajni patil said that party would be in attacking mode for the failure of prime minister modi to promises made during 2014 parliamentary elections.
;;-0.1779;;congress state president sukhvinder singh sukhu said that failed promises of modi to the people of state would be a major poll issue.
;;0.0;;boxpm, yogi in star campaign listprime minister modi , uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, bjp president amit shah included in the list of star campaigners for bjp for the forthcoming polls.
;;0.7425;;maurya praised prime minister modi and said: modiji is most powerful man in the world.
;;0.0;;they feel if modi becomes prime minister again they will be in icu, he said.
;;0.4019;;chennai: a proposal to purchase 500 electric buses for chennai city is among the wish list presented by chief minister edappadi k palanisamy to prime minister modi at madurai on sunday when the foundation for the aiims centre was laid.
;;-0.296;;my meetings with prime minister modi , india's democratically elected leader, have been highlighted as 'proof' of this and portrayed as somehow being out of the ordinary or somehow suspect, even though president (barack) obama, secretary (hillary) clinton, president (donald) trump and many of my colleagues in congress have met with and worked with him, gabbard said.
;;0.5574;;in september last year, prime minister modi and his japanese counterpart, shinzo abe, had launched the ambitious high-speed rail project entailing a total cost of around rs 1.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 28, 2018pm modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.5267;;earlier, three more bjp mps from uttar pradesh, all belonging to scheduled castes, had written letters to prime minister modi expressing their unhappiness on the treatment of dalits in the country.
;;0.2023;;when modi became the pm and made a statement that the bjp government will work for the welfare of the poor, dalits and obcs, it created hope in the heart of us all.
;;0.0516;;the cm had last week sought a rs 1,000-crore special package from prime minister modi since the relief fund cannot be used for rebuilding infrastructure and there are a number of educational institutes, including iit ropar and schools, which have suffered losses.
;;0.1027;;the revamped policy, which will require ministerial clearance, has been drafted after prime minister modi junked an earlier draft and asked bureaucrats to ensure that batteries were incentivised to lower costs instead of offering sops to automakers.
;;-0.7845;;dharwad: an anonymous letter to the dharwad superintendent of police threatening to kill prime minister modi during his visit to hubballi , kept police on extra alert on sunday.
;;0.2263;;pointing out that electricity is no more a luxury, but a necessity, goyal said, prime minister modi modi's vision is to connect every single home with electricity by 2022, the 75th anniversary of india's independence.
;;0.3182;;he also alleged that the imposition of uapa and afspa has shown an increase after modi assumed power.
;;-0.2023;;people are fed up with the fake promises of prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath, said nanda while claiming that the bjp-led union and state governments have been exposed.
;;0.5719;;on april 23 this year, when jonty took to twitter to mark his daughter's second birthday, prime minister modi had replied, happy birthday to india, from india.
;;0.9442;;co/yd22vuvtpc  sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) 1567064748000new delhi: former indian batsman sachin tendulkar backed the 'fit india movement' launched by prime minister modi on thursday as he spent time playing carrom board with senior citizens at an old age home and tennis with friends including vinod kambli spent some time with these wonder women at the st. anthony's old age home, felt blessed by the love shown by them.
;;0.4588;;earlier in the day, prime minister modi launched a nation-wide 'fit india movement' at indira gandhi stadium complex in the national capital.
;;0.0772;;39-km long patna metro rail, the foundation stone for which was laid by prime minister modi in begusarai, would become operational by 2024 while laying the foundation for the project at a parallel function at gate number 1 of patna zoo on sunday, sharma said work on the rs 13,365.
;;0.0;;stockholm: india is going through a period of change and the government in the last four years has worked towards building a developed and inclusive country, prime minister modi said here tonight.
;;0.6249;;lofven said his talks with prime minister modi today had helped the bilateral partnership take a great step forward.
;;0.2732;;modi, in his address, asserted that india's stature has increased at the world stage.
;;0.1531;;next year will be as hectic for prime minister modi as this year as far as his international engagements are concerned.
;;0.0;;* modi will be the fi rst indian pm to visit davos in over two decades of the world economic forum.
;;0.0;;* a possible visit by modi to nepal during february-march for bimstec summit isnt ruled out provided a government in kathmandu is in place.
;;0.0;;banerjee is the first chief minister in the country who has taken up the issue with prime minister modi in a letter earlier this week.
;;0.4767;;the state cabinet had set up a three-member ministerial committee headed by deputy chief minister modi to fine-tune the draft and it would once again be placed for discussion for final approval by the cabinet, after which he would personally vet the draft, the cm said.
;;0.296;;this story is from november 9, 2018new delhi: in his first visit as the prime minister, modi will travel to male on november 17 to attend the swearing-in ceremony of new maldivian president, indicating an attempt to mend bilateral ties, which nosedived during the outgoing abdulla yameen government.
;;0.2263;;jaipur: chief minister ashok gehlot , on sunday, termed prime minister modi modis newly inaugurated farmer scheme which guarantees rs 6,000 annually to farmers, as a futile attempt to win elections.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at modis slogan modi hai toh mumkin hai at tonk on saturday, gehlot said, modi hai to namumkin hai.
;;0.7964;;interestingly, after the bilateral talks between prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping on saturday, an agreement was signed between india and china to share hydrological data for brahmaputra.
;;0.0;;bengaluru re-elected congress' k j george, roshan baig and na haris, who prime minister modi said were defaming bengaluru and bjp national president amit shah had pledged to rid the city of.
;;0.4767;;on tuesday, baig, who was elected for a third consecutive term from shivajinagar in the heart of the city, told toi: we respect the position of prime minister, and it was unbecoming of modi to take names of public representatives without any basis.
;;-0.3818;;during his, rahul reflected on the prevailing political atmosphere in the country and launched an attack on prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;congress took india to 21st century, but the pm, today, is taking us back to the medieval times, he said without naming pm modi.
;;0.0;;it was prime minister modi , who not only took her name but also asked about her well-being at the district collectorate here through video conferencing by namo app.
;;0.0;;prime mininster modi , through video conferencing, asked, namaskar.
;;0.0;;new delhi: khelo india school games (kisg), a government initiative with focus on reviving the sports culture at the grassroots and establishing the country as a sporting nation, will kick off from wednesday, with prime minister modi consenting to preside over the opening ceremony at the indira gandhi indoor (igi) stadium in the evening.
;;0.0772;;washington: us president donald trump will hold a number of meetings with world leaders, including prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping , on the sidelines of g-20 meeting in japan this week and is expected to discuss several issues, including trade.
;;0.0;;the list of his meetings on the sidelines of the g-20 summit include, australian prime minister scott morrison, japanese prime minister shinzo abe, prime minister modi , chancellor angela merkel of germany, russian president vladimir putin , saudi crown prince mohammad bin salman, chinese president xi jinping and president recep tayyip erdogan from turkey, the official said.
;;0.0;;this would be the first meeting between modi and trump after the recent general elections in india.
;;0.0;;trump had called and congratulated modi over phone on his re-election.
;;0.4767;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh has also ruled out an alliance with aap, another source of relief for bjp at a time when its rivals are burying the hatchet to forge a joint front against prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5781;;last week prime minister modi gave a strong message to bureaucrats to take decisions without fear and ensure timely delivery of government schemes across the country.
;;0.3818;;modi was reaching out to top ias officers on the occasion of civil services day where district magistrates of nearly 600 out of a total of 706 districts were present through video conferencing.
;;0.3848;;though the idea of this speech was to motivate indian bureaucracy, most officers would need a little more assurance than just fiery speeches from the modi government.
;;0.7184;;modi went on to say, if a decision is taken with honest intention, truthfulness and for the welfare of public, there is nobody in the world who can raise a finger at you.
;;-0.3612;;perhaps the modi government should introspect and follow up its words with action especially when it claims to have made fighting corruption one of its main policy goals.
;;0.6705;;thanks to prime minister modi who announced international yoga day, to give out the message loud and clear that yoga originated in india, he added.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said even before the budget that there should be affordable housing for everyone by 2022.
;;0.296;;adhir ranjan chowdhury (file photo)new delhi: slamming the modi government over its handling of the railway ministry, the congress on wednesday accused it of trying to sell out railway assets and said the bjp-led nda is selling dreams to people without doing much on the ground.
;;0.1779;;leader of the congress in lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhury said that the aviation minister wants to sell air india, the railways minister wants to sell its assets and prime minister modi , he alleged, will one day sell the country.
;;-0.296;;taking a swipe at the ruling regime, he also said everything is being named after modi and no one is talking about nda.
;;-0.8074;;the rallies, which echoed mass agitation against sexual violence following the nirbhaya case in december 2012, piled pressure on prime minister modi and the bjp government.
;;0.4939;;india inked an inter-governmental agreement (iga) with russia for the four frigates during a meeting between prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin on the sidelines of the 2016 brics summit.
;;0.6486;;kumaraswamy also met prime minister modi and thanked the centre for giving clearance to the state government to prepare a detailed project report on the mekedatu project.
;;0.7096;;besides the mekedatu project, kumaraswamy said he also discussed with modi the release of drought relief to the state, declaration of upper krishna project stage-iii as a project of national importance and gazette notification of the award of krishna water disputes tribunal-ii and of mahadayi water disputes tribunal.
;;0.6728;;new delhi: prime minister modi on friday said almost every conversation he has with a world leader starts with yoga and there is scarcely any dignitary who has not spent five-10 minutes discussing the wellness regime with him.
;;0.296;;modi, an avid practitioner of yoga, has been leading the yoga day events organised by the ayush ministry every year on june 21.
;;0.2023;;santiniketan: the chief ministers office has intimated visva-bharati authorities that mamata banerjee will be reaching santiniketan on thursday evening to attend the convocation on friday, a day before prime minister modi and bangladesh premier sheikh hasina arrive.
;;0.296;;the cm will share the stage with modi and hasina, where modi will deliver the convocation speech as chancellor, officials said.
;;0.4215;;a closed-door meeting may take place between modi and hasina where the bangladeshi prime minister may broach the issue of sharing water from the teesta between the two countries.
;;0.0;;hasan, however, held that such bilateral issues may not come up between the two premiers at santiniketan because modi will be present there as the visva-bharati chancellor.
;;0.0;;the university has arranged for modi and hasina to stay at uadayan bari situated within the uttarayan complex.
;;0.34;;finally the file was sent as is to the cabinet committee on security headed by prime minister modi .
;;0.34;;does this not show that pm modi was compromising national security?
;;0.5267;;he suggested that irma can work closely with niti aayog in the latters aspirational districts programme that was launched by prime minister modi to quickly and effectively transform selected districts of the country.
;;0.0;;7km aqua line from december 11 to 13 for the final certification needed to start commercial operations on the corridor that is likely to be inaugurated by prime minister modi on christmas day.
;;0.0;;varanasi: prime minister modi flagged off the first ever 10,000 hp electric locomotive converted from diesel loco at the diesel locomotive works (dlw) on tuesday.
;;-0.2263;;gandhinagar: prime minister modi on tuesday delayed his scheduled departure by more than four hours to review his pet projects that were initiated when he was gujarat chief minister.
;;0.4019;;sources said modi discussed with rupani, patel and other senior bjp leaders the political developments in the state and the possibility of senior congress leaders, including leader of opposition (lop) shankersinh vaghela , joining the ruling party.
;;0.0;;when contacted, nitin patel said that modi had done a review of various projects, including the work on statue of unity and narmada canal.
;;-0.0511;;official close to the development claimed that modi was not happy with the slow progress in key projects.
;;0.4019;;gujarat bjp president jitu vaghani and other senior leaders of the party also met modi at the raj bhavan.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi continued with his tradition of donning colourful turbans at republic day celebrations on saturday by sporting a yellowish orange headgear with a red tail.
;;0.6486;;wearing his traditional kurta pajama and the trademark nehru jacket, modi paid tributes to the martyrs at the amar jawan jyoti before heading for the republic day parade turbans have been a highlight of the pm's sartorial choices at independence day and republic day events for his maiden independence day address as the prime minister in 2014, modi had opted for a jodhpuri bandhej turban in bright red colour with green at the tail.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi flagged off the first udan flight last april with an air india subsidiary atr taking off from shimla to delhi.
;;0.7269;;bengaluru: prime minister modi modi's address and outpouring of support and kind words for isro after the unsuccessful bid by chandrayaan-2's vikram module to touch-down on the lunar surface have boosted the morale of its scientists, space agency's chairman k sivan said on sunday.
;;0.8625;;the prime minister on saturday gave a long and tight hug to an emotional sivan, who was in tears, unable to come to terms over lander vikram's unsuccessful bid to soft-land on the moon the video of pm modi hugging sivan has gone viral on social media with netizens dubbing it as the hug of over a billion indians and heaping praises on both.
;;-0.2732;;co/fayiffnnej  kapil sibal (@kapilsibal) 1568257411000new delhi: senior congress leader kapil sibal on thursday took a jibe at prime minister modi for his remarks that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow, while urging him to get to work on issues that matter.
;;-0.6369;;on wednesday, prime minister modi had said that it is unfortunate that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow.
;;0.0;;during the president's address several nda mps thumped desks when kovind referred to the modi government's philosophy of 'sabka sath, sabka vikas aur sabka vishvas'.
;;0.4019;;as soon as the speech got over, kovind walked up to the first row where prime minister modi , union ministers and floor leaders of parties were sitting.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi has ended the politics of appeasement and dynasty, and ushered in politics of development, bjp president amit shah said on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has ended politics of appeasement, dynasty and casteism, and ushered politics of development, shah said.
