;;0.0;;prime minister modi took an out-of-the-box initiative to fly down to lahore.
;;-0.296;;there are no meeting scheduled between pm modi and nawaz shariff in asthana, during the forthcoming summit of the sanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
;;0.4019;;hanif joined the bharatiya janata party (bjp) earlier this year in the presence of prime minister modi at a public rally in vijaypur area of samba district.
;;-0.1531;;prime minister modi on tuesday said congress president rahul gandhis public rebuke to his party leader sam pitroda for his hua to hua remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots was a mere stunt in view of the elections in punjab where polling is scheduled to be held on may 19.
;;0.0;;as prime minister modi said in his latest campaign  he said, modi hai to mumkin hai, modi makes it possible.
;;0.0;;article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi , shah and doval orchestrated moveon july 5, the research and analysis wings new chief samant goel called on prime minister modi at the pmo.
;;0.5994;;on the evening of august 4, with speculation peaking, shah called up the raw chief goel and ib chief kumar and told them to be ready  perhaps the first time the national security establishment realised that the modi government was going to announce scrapping of article 35a and 370 in parliament on monday.
;;0.5106;;indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 16:00 istprime minister modi on saturday discussed the full spectrum of the strong india-uae partnership with the crown prince of abu dhabi, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.7351;;welcoming modi , the crown prince expressed gratitude to his brother for visiting his second home.
;;0.5949;;pm modi in uae live updates|relationship built over generations: pm modi meets uae crown princekumar quoted the crown prince as saying, i am so grateful that my brother is coming to his second home.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and his senior bjp colleagues have publicly placed their names to it all.
;;0.5994;;hindustan timess shishir gupta spent a day on the campaign trail with the bjp president in sonepat, panipat, pathankot, chandigarh and patna and asked him a range of questions on the prospects of his party, the nda and about the performance of the modi government.
;;0.7269;;firstly, the public has faith and confidence in prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;secondly, the modi government has done all-round development.
;;0.8718;;besides, pm modi has assured 125 crore indians that his government is committed to national security, which is the topmost priority of his regime -- whether it is taking tough decisions on jammu and kashmir or being the most successful government in handling international diplomacy and challenges.
;;-0.128;;i feel that in pm modi , people have found a leader who can be sensitive, yet has the capacity to take tough decisions.
;;-0.765;;it is only under modi that india has struck twice at the place of origin of terrorists in form of the 2016 surgical strike and 2019 airstrike at balakot.
;;0.4215;;the 22 crore beneficiaries of the bjp government know that it is modi who has given them their due.
;;0.0;;they also know that only modi can give their due to those who are left behind.
;;-0.891;;the terror tag on masood azhar is the biggest diplomatic victory of modi and it comes after the world community recognised indias right to self defence after the february 14 pulwama suicide attack and the balakot retaliation.
;;-0.1877;;it is an achievement of the modi government, so why should we not take electoral advantage of it.
;;0.0;;narendra modi , through his politics of performance has got rid of these ulcers.
;;0.4019;;the public wants to know the leader or pm candidate of the diverse parties opposing modi.
;;0.3182;;to add to this, the nda recognises and accepts the leadership of modi.
;;-0.4588;;first, they said the bjp will not make modiji a pm candidate, then they said lack of full majority will block modi as pm, then they said modi will not be able to form a stable government.
;;0.0754;;i dont believe that a very good performance of modi government could have been possible if we had a weak bench.
;;-0.3182;;q: the opposition has been relentlessly targeting the modi government about a lack of jobs?
;;-0.5195;;i am not an economist like (former finance minister) p chidambaram but a layman with common sense enough to tell you that this canard is being spread as they have no real issue to tackle modi modi.
;;0.7351;;the aam aadmi party lashed out at the saffron party and prime minister modi for encouraging trolls who threaten women.
;;0.0;;in kolkata, a muslim cleric known for announcing fatwas against political leaders including prime minister modi and author salman rushdie, made a counter-offer of rs 22 lakh for the bjp youth wing leaders head.
;;-0.6249;;read: stop peeping, focus on governance: sena attacks pm modi in its editorial saamanaananth kumar said, as naidu has said it.
;;-0.1027;;its co-convenor ashwani mahajan wrote to prime minister modi last december, saying that with 74  of goods offered at zero duty, the policy will increase indias trade deficit and threaten its manufacturing growth potential.
;;0.6705;;prime minister modi had on may 16, promised to build a grand panch dhatu (traditional five-metal alloys of sacred significance) statue of vidyasagar at the same spot where the old one stood before being vandalized.
;;0.0;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray will attend the national democratic alliance (nda) meeting called by prime minister modi ahead of the presidential elections in july this year.
;;0.296;;india and malaysia on saturday agreed to strengthen their strategic partnership for mounting an effective response to common challenges of terrorism and extremism during the talks prime minister modi had with his malayasian counterpart najib razak.
;;0.7964;;on his part, najib said modi was specifically interested in knowing about the success of malaysias de-radicalisation programme and he presented the indian leader a book on the specific module dealing with it apart from offering to extend his countrys expertise in the area.
;;0.0;;after the talks between modi and najib, the two sides inked seven pacts, including one related to air services and cooperation in development of a fertiliser plant in malaysia with off-take of surplus urea by india.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will travel to nepal on a two-day visit on may 11 while external affairs minister sushma swaraj will travel to myanmar, also on a two-day visit, on may 10, the ministrys official spokesperson, raveesh kumar, said on thursday.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi approved ex-gratia relief of rs 2 lakh each for the next of kin of those killed in the dust storm on wednesday.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi and president pranab mukherjee congratulated the space agency for the historic event that significantly boosts indias space programme.
;;0.7717;;this was the most complicated space mission, says isro10:04am: isro chairman as kiran kumar says prime minister modi conveyed his congratulationsthis remarkable feat by @isro is yet another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation.
;;-0.1531;;the sudden cash shortage forced millions to join the formal banking sector for the first time, helping prime minister modi meet a long-term goal.
;;0.2732;;thats the plan, according to ramesh noone, an it professional and a supporter of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7269;;many of them have been organised mostly by the overseas friends of bjp (ofbjp), whose president krishna reddy said in a statement, nris are eagerly awaiting the elections results in anticipation of modi and bjp victories.
;;0.3612;;(prime minister modi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath are both ready for the construction of the ram temple).
;;0.0;;talk that rajinikanth could visit new delhi soon to meet prime minister modi has intensified speculations that the tamil superstar is set to take the plunge into politics.
;;0.7569;;the smarter india-watchers already know that if the scale alone makes the up election automatically a political bellwether, this time around its function as a barometer of the national mood is all the more important because it comes midway through the term of the modi government, and just as that governments hugely ambitious demonetisation drive nears completion.
;;0.6652;;over and over, i heard people say they would vote for the sp or the bsp, but that they admired prime minister modi as a leader; or that they would vote for the bjp, but thought highly of chief minister akhilesh yadav.
;;0.0;;those who allowed their hearts to lead them beyond older political impulses would for the most part have picked modi , or akhilesh, those who went with their heads will more likely have opted for mayawatis bsp.
;;-0.8074;;prime minister modi had condemned the killing and directed the authorities to bring the culprits to book.
;;-0.7003;;the indian economy suffered two big back-to-back shocks before the modi government took over in 2014.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi hinted at this in his interview to the economic times on august 12.
;;0.5994;;much of the focus of the modi government has been on non-targeted investor-friendly measures such as boosting indias rankings in ease of doing business indicator rankings.
;;0.2023;;at the end of may (last year), indian prime minister modi visited iran and it had an important outcome.
;;0.6486;;the punjab election will provide the necessary impetus to the winner and decide who will be the main challenger to the bjp in prime minister modi modis home turf.
;;-0.296;;doctors and 10 medical associations on saturday urged prime minister modi not to reverse 85  pictorial warnings on all tobacco products as directed by the karnataka high court.
;;-0.296;;in a letter to modi , 453 doctors and the medical associations said: your government implemented 85  pictorial warnings on tobacco products with effect from april 1, 2016 and it was a world leading step towards progressive public health.
;;-0.0323;;voice of tobacco victims campaign rajasthan patron dr pawan singhal said on december 15, 2017, the high court reversed all this good work by the modi government by quashing the large pictorial warnings, which will take india back to 146th position in the world even behind pakistan.
;;0.0;;codenamed mission 150, the plan centres around prime minister modi , who is expected to visit his home state at least once every month till the elections.
;;0.7003;;micro planning 33 district executive meets by april 30over 240 taluka executive meets by may 7vistarak yojana from may 28 to june 4top leaders to travel to assigned areas for booth strengthening programmespublic events to mark three years of the modi government in mayreaching out to farmers through month-long krishi mohatsav (agriculture fair)amitbhais message in recently concluded state executive meet was loud and clear - congress-mukt booths, pandya added.
;;0.2382;;even if the bjp fares better than us, it has nothing to do with the performance of its councillors but the effect of the election results in the neighbouring uttar pradesh and prime minister modi modis image, he said.
;;-0.7845;;in the video, mastan was seen addressing a rally in purnea districts amour constituency, and saying that it was modi who had promised to face punishment if he failed to end peoples woes within 50 days.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on monday reviewed the preparations for the rollout of the goods and services tax (gst) regime from july 1 and said it will be a turning point in the countrys economy.
;;-0.3182;;( ht photo )shatrughan sinha, an outspoken critic of prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah, had opted to leave the bjp after he was dropped as the partys candidate from patna sahib.
;;0.1027;;his remarks contradict the slogan prime minister modi and the bharatiya janata party had used while campaigning for the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0516;;jaitley said gandhis claim accusing prime minister modi of waiving loans worth rs 2.
;;-0.6808;;how are empty worded blogs an answer to betrayal of farmers by the modi government?
;;0.296;;nearly 8,000 students from lucknow university (lu) will join prime minister modi in international yoga day celebrations to be organised at ramabai rally sthal in lucknow on june 21.
;;0.0;;around 5,000 students of city montessori school will perform yoga with pm modi on the forthcoming third international yoga day.
;;-0.1695;;after chief minister arvind kejriwal had announced the scheme, sreedharan, who is now the principal adviser of the delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc), had written to prime minister modi urging him not to allow the proposal.
;;0.2732;;the government and prime minister modi have come out strongly against the practice and called it anti-women.
;;0.2732;;the focus of the india-china meeting was on implementing goals agreed on at the 2018 informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping, the people added.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi extended condolences to roys family and supporters.
;;0.3182;;almost 18 years after the country cleared an ambitious submarine-building programme to scale up its undersea warfare capabilities, prime minister modi commissioned india-built ins kalvari into the navy in mumbai on thursday.
;;0.0;;this was prime minister modi during the releasing of narmada pravah a work plan for the river narmada for policy work and conservation.
;;-0.3865;;minorities have never been more safe in the country than under prime minister modi , bjp leader k j alphons said in the rajya sabha wednesday amid opposition references to lynching cases.
;;0.4404;;speaking on the motion of thanks on the presidents address, he said modi is more democratic than anyone before him.
;;0.4215;;never has it been safer for minorities than under modi , he said as some in the opposition jeered, making references to lynching of muslims in some parts of the country.
;;0.7906;;addressing the media persons here on monday, state party president ashok parnami said that on the call given by prime minister modi for a congress-free india, bjp has set upon mission 2018 (in rajasthan) after stunning victory of the party in uttar pradesh.
;;0.5423;;all eyes will be on uttar pradesh on thursday, the day of counting of votes, when the fate of top leaders including prime minister modi , upa chairperson sonia gandhi, congress chief rahul gandhi, samajwadi party patron mulayam singh yadav and president akhilesh yadav, rld chief ajit singh and his son jayant chaudhary will be decided.
;;0.0;;follow live updates here:10:45 am ist pm modi is leading in varanasi with over 1 lakh votes pm modi is leading in varanasi with 105874 votes.
;;0.0;;10:34 am ist pm modi leaves mgb candidate shalini yadav way behind modi of bjp leaves the alliance candidate far behind.
;;0.0;;#resultswithht#verdict2019 #electionresults2019  ht uttar pradesh (@htuttarpradesh) may 23, 201910:02 am ist pm modi leading by 50,000 votes at varanasi seat in 3rd round of counting prime minister modi is leading by 50,000 votes at varanasi seat in the third round of counting.
;;0.0;;read here09:37 am ist pm modi ahead with 19380 votes in varanasi pm modi is leading with 19380 votes in varanasi while the alliance candidate shalini has 9963 votes and, congress candidate ajay rai has 1370 votes.
;;0.0;;09:12 am ist modi leading in varanasi by 11k votes prime minister modi is leading in varanasi by over 11,000 votes.
;;-0.3425;;pm modi has contested from bjp for the varanasi seat against ajay rai from congress08:30 am ist never underestimate the power of mayawati, say analysts political analysts had virtually written off mayawati, after the bsp failed to open its account in the 2014 lok sabha election (in the 2017 assembly election it bagged merely 19 seats).
;;-0.3182;;08:15 am ist up lok sabha election results 2019: a tough battle between modi and sp-bsp alliance while prime minister modi modis varanasi constituency looks largely predictable for the bjp, the saffron party is on shaky ground in the other constituencies against the sp-bsp alliance stitched by akhilesh yadav and mayawati.
;;0.4588;;major political leaders modi , priyanka gandhi, rahul gandhi, akhilesh yadav will test their luck today as the counting of votes begins.
;;0.5719;;07:38 am ist forces instructed to be extra- vigilant in 34 communally sensitive districts of up with the results of the general elections coming today, police are gearing up as many political heavyweights including prime minister modi are trying their luck from the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has contested election from the varanasi seat as a bjp candidate.
;;0.0;;the us president said he would be meeting prime minister modi over the weekend, on the sidelines of the upcoming g-7 summit in biarritz, france.
;;0.7089;;spoke to my two good friends, prime minister modi of india, and prime minister khan of pakistan, regarding trade, strategic partnerships and, most importantly, for india and pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in kashmir, trump wrote on twitter, referring to phone calls with modi and khan.
;;-0.4019;;after the morning call with modi , trump spoke to khan, for the second time in four days, to discuss the need to reduce tensions and moderate rhetoric with india over the situation in jammu and kashmir, the white house said about the call.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone for the kedarpuri reconstruction project was laid by prime minister modi in october last year.
;;0.6486;;the main opposition party moved the ec over several issues, including the alleged repeated politicisation of the armed forces by prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah in their election rallies despite the poll panels clear guidelines on the issue.
;;0.0;;dragging the armed forces in political crossfire, asking for votes and doing cheap politics, only modi and amit shah have done this, he said.
;;-0.4588;;the congress leader said the ec should also put a stop on the web series on modi , citing the commissions order stalling a biopic on the prime minister.
;;0.802;;rahul had erroneously said even on thursday that supreme court has admitted to the fact that modi siphoned off ~30,000 crore to his friend anil ambani.
;;0.0;;the meeting has been divided into two sessions, slated to be held in the morning and evening, to discuss the implementation of the rs 80,000 crore development package for the state announced by prime minister modi and the continuous unrest in the valley.
;;0.7717;;prime minister modi modis nearly 99-year-old mother modi on thursday greeted the bjps supporters outside her home in gandhinagar of gujarat as the party looked set to sweep the lok sabha election.
;;0.0;;news agency ani tweeted a 19-second video of modi outside her house surrounded by relatives as people were heard shouting the slogans of har, har modi and modi sahab aap aage chalo, hum tumhare saath hain and vande mataram.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was leading in varanasi by a margin of 169,000 votes, according to election commission trends as the bjp and its ally apna dal surged ahead of their rivals in 58 of the 80 lok sabha seats in uttar pradesh.
;;0.7096;;click here for lok sabha election results 2019with a lead in all the parliamentary constituencies after more than two hours of counting, the bharatiya janata party is also looking to retain its stronghold in the home state of modi and party president amit shah in the two-cornered contest with the congress.
;;0.1531;;prime minister modi modi's mother modi greets the media outside her residence in gandhinagar on thursday.
;;0.0;;click here for up lok sabha election results livehe had met his mother on modi on april 23 before casting his vote in ahmedabad as polling began in the third phase of lok sabha election.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has few options left as a slowing economy crimps tax revenue, while investors have been concerned about his plans to borrow a record 7.
;;0.8957;;i congratulate prime minister modi and home minister shri amit shah for this historic initiative and pray for peace, prosperity and progress in jammu, kashmir and ladakh, he said in a statement.
;;-0.4215;;in his speech, thackeray once again criticised prime minister modi over demonetisation.
;;-0.6597;;prime minister modi also condoled the loss of lives in the accident.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi must convene a joint session of both houses of parliament to formulate a law to pave way for construction of ram temple in ayodhya, said vedanti.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi conveyed indias concerns over h1-b visas to visiting congressmen last week.
;;0.0;;the possibility of modi visiting washington this year could also be discussed with the trump administration.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi addressed a public rally in madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;4:50 pm ist modi campaigned in temperatures ranging from 18 degress celsius to 46 degrees celsius: amit shah most rallies of modi were held in temperatures ranging from 40 degrees celsius to 45 degrees celsius.
;;0.8937;;4:45 pm ist most party slogans launched by volunteers these elections: amit shah the excitement among the common people is such that slogans such as modi hai to mumkin hai and ayega to modi hi were launched by volunteers and not the party.
;;0.0;;4:35 pm ist people willing to see modi become pm again: amit shah after independence, bjp has worked the hardest in these elections.
;;0.0;;the people are willing to see modi become prime minister again, said amit shah.
;;0.0;;4:25 pm ist pm modi joins amit shah at bjp press conference prime minister modi has joined amit shah for the latters press conference at bjp headquarters.
;;-0.3875;;twitter.com/lp7bor6mgw  ani up (@aninewsup) may 17, 20192:54 pm ist will never forgive pragya thakur for her remarks on bapu: pm modi will never forgive pragya thakur for her remarks on bapu, says pm modi1:52 pm ist pm modi to meet bjp workers part of lok sabha campaign today pm modi to meet bjp workers part of the lok sabha campaign, later today at bjp office in delhi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/jrj4xedc1y  ani (@ani) may 17, 20191:26 pm ist i will use the next five years for development of india: pm modi you take out five seconds to vote for me and i will use the next five years for the development of india, says pm modi.
;;0.7902;;12:47 pm ist fully committed to double the income of farmers by 2022: pm modi in the past 5 years, we will increase the speed of work to make a strong system from seed to market for farmers.
;;-0.5994;;12:38 pm ist till modi and bjp are there, nobody can touch land of those living in forests: pm modi till modi and bjp are there, nobody can touch land of those living in forests: pm modi12:32 pm ist both meerut and khargone are associated with independence war of 1857: pm modi my election campaign started from meerut, uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;12:29 pm ist people of india voting to build a new india: pm modi the elections of 2019 is different from all the previous general elections.
;;0.0;;12:28 pm ist from kashmir to kanyakumari, from kutch to kamrup, the whole nation is saying- ab ki baar, 300 paar, phir ek baar modi sarkar: pm modi from kashmir to kanyakumari, from kutch to kamrup, the whole nation is saying- ab ki baar, 300 paar, phir ek baar modi sarkar, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;12:27 pm ist after decades you will elect a majority government for a second time in a row: pm modi pm modi in khargone,madhya pradesh: this sunday when you go to cast your vote then you will be scripting history.
;;0.0;;pm modi in khargone,madhya pradesh: this sunday when you go to cast your vote then you will be scripting history.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/hofv3ms6up  ani (@ani) may 17, 201912:26 pm ist nda choice of 130 crore indians: pm modi nda choice of 130 crore indians: pm modi at khargone rally in madhya pradesh.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister modi never asked us president donald trump to help mediate with pakistan their dispute over the kashmir region, external affairs minister s jaishankar said on tuesday, after trumps comments during a white house interaction with pakistan prime minister imran khan set off a storm of criticism.
;;-0.0516;;congress leader rahul gandhi said that if what the us president was true, modi has betrayed indias interests.
;;0.4754;;since parliament is in session and considering that the comments were made by the president of the worlds most powerful nation to the prime minister of another country, prime minister modi should come to the house and clarify on the issue, he said.
;;0.0;;tr baalu of the all india anna dravida munnetra kazhagam (aiadmk), the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) national democratic alliance partner, said since the issue involved the pm, modi should personally make a statement in the house.
;;0.0;;during prime minister modi modis visit in september 2014, both countries elevated ties to a strategic and global partnership.
;;-0.3612;;sitharaman argued that the deepening of the relationship was due to the ownership of it by prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;the sad leader is trying to woo voters in the name of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.2732;;the modi government is committed to uplift marginalised sections of society, he said during a rally.
;;0.8176;;i dedicate this win to prime minister modi , who is celebrating his 69th birthday today, panghal said after the bout.
;;0.0;;in late april, prime minister modi announced that india had become 100  electrified  a village is technically electrified if 10  of its households have power connections  but according to his governments own data, 31 million households in india remain without electricity.
;;-0.4767;;although madhepura has been a battleground for sharad and lalu in the last two decades, the common enemy in prime minister modi and nitish kumar not only brought these two leaders together, but also nudged yadav to contest on rjds ticket.
;;0.0;;on wednesday morning, prime minister modi tweeted that the water level of the ssd, located in his home state of gujarat, has touched a historic 134 metres.
;;0.0;;is nitish kumar a bigger factor than modi in bihar?
;;0.4939;;the nda government ran successfully under prime minister modi at the centre and under nitish kumar in bihar.
;;0.5267;;india on monday ruled out any meeting between prime minister modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif when the two will be in kazakhstan this week, and asserted that pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice (icj).
;;0.0;;she was asked if modi and sharif will meet on the sidelines of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit at astana, kazakhstan on june 8-9.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi offered prayers at the kedarnath shrine in uttarakhand, on saturday, days before the counting for the lok sabha elections on may 23.
;;0.0;;watch | pm modi offers prayers at kedarnath, to visit badrinath nexthowever, it will be his first visit to badrinath since he became the prime minister five years ago, said badrinath kedarnath temple committee (bktc) chairman mohan prasad thapaliyal.
;;0.0;;during his visit stay at kedarnath modi would also meet with officials to review kedarpuri reconstruction project, the foundation stone of which he laid two years ago.
;;0.0;;according to officials, modi during his stay at kedarnath may meditate in one of the caves where he used to meditate when he was an ordinary rashtriya swayamsewak sangh (rss) pracharak.
;;0.0;;fugitive liquor baron vijay mallya on sunday quoted an interview of prime minister modi to assert that the government has already recovered more than what he allegedly owed to banks.
;;0.4404;;vijay mallya (@thevijaymallya) march 31, 2019in an interview to republic bharat news channel on march 29, prime minister modi had expressed satisfaction over the fact that mallyas extradition process was in the last stage and the government has recovered money from him.
;;-0.9062;;prime minister modi condemned on monday the killing of an e-rickshaw driver in delhi for stopping two men from urinating in public and directed the authorities to punish the culprits .
;;-0.5574;;modi, who is on a four-nation tour, also sanctioned rs.1 lakh from the prime ministers national relief fund (pmnrf) as ex-gratia to the next of the kin of the 32-year-old driver ravindra kumar who was beaten to death for espousing the swachh bharat, an official spokesperson said in new delhi.
;;0.0;;on april 24, chief minister mehbooba mufti met prime minister modi in delhi and pushed for dialogue.
;;0.7579;;sinha conveyed greetings from president pranab mukherjee and prime minister modi to the queen, and reiterated indias commitment to work towards implementation of the roadmap agreed upon during british pm theresa mays november visit to new delhi.
;;0.4019;;party convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has been speaking and tweeting against the election commission for the past few days alleging that it is working against the aap at the behest of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5106;;by friday, a video by an army jawan complaining that he was being victimised by his seniors for writing to prime minister modi saying orderlies or sahayaks should not be made to polish their officers shoes went viral.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi has been taunting it, saying it will become a ppp party (punjab, puducherry and parivar) and that the karnataka is currently being used as an atm.
;;0.0788;;while modi has called it a 10  government (implying a cut off everything), siddaramaiahs government has managed to get by five years without a major scandal.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and bjp's chief ministerial candidate bs yeddyurappa while campaigning for karnataka elections in chamarajanagar on tuesday.
;;0.6997;;after a two month break when modi did not visit the state, shah convinced the partys most popular face to do a series of rallies in the last week of the campaign.
;;0.5106;;residents say the swachh bharat mission, launched by prime minister modi , was only a photo opportunity for officials and leaders.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi has instructed bjp mps to embark on padayatra in their constituencies and cover a distance of 150 km between october 2 and october 31, the birth anniversaries of mahatma gandhi and vallabhbhai patel respectively, parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi said tuesday.
;;0.0;;jo desh ka mood hai, wahi delhi ka mood hai (the countrys mood will get resonated in delhi), thundered prime minister modi at ramlila maidan in january 2015, launching bjps campaign for delhi assembly elections.
;;0.5267;;modi was referring to the bjps electoral juggernaut that was on a roll, winning three assembly elections in maharashtra, haryana and jharkhand in six months, after registering a landslide in may 2014 general elections.
;;-0.4404;;he accused modi of only favouring the rich and harassing small borrowers and poor.
;;0.7579;;over the past few years, prime minister modi modis government has cracked down on delinquent borrowers, and indias banks moved to seize their assets, a dramatic change for a country where the wealthy once enjoyed almost complete protection.
;;-0.5574;;delhiupdated: sep 17, 2019 00:43 istdelhi government is planning to ban some single-use plastic items in the national capital, after prime minister modi pitched for india doing away with single-use plastic.
;;0.6369;;in his speech on independence day, prime minister modi called for freedom from single-use plastic (sup).
;;0.0;;in his election speech in ghaziabad on february 8, prime minister modi had also targeted gda and said that there was some zameeno ka ghotala (land scams).
;;0.5719;;prime minister modi won his seat by a higher margin of over 4.
;;0.3612;;bjp leaders, in one tone, credited modi for the partys resounding victory.
;;0.0516;;prime minister modi suggested on sunday changing vip to epi or every person is important, underscoring the need to change peoples mindset over snobbish symbols of power such as red beacons that his government has banned.
;;0.4404;;if we collectively strive to do it with eternal vigilance, it surely can be flushed out, said modi in his mann ki baat radio address.
;;0.1027;;the analysis by john hemmings has been released in the context of the recent visit of prime minister modi when, for the first time, the phrase indo-pacific was mentioned in an india-uk defence statement on future plans of the royal navy and indian navy.
;;0.4588;;according to israeli and indian diplomats familiar with the matter, prime minister modi will receive netanyahu on january 14 at new delhi, and possibly host a private dinner hosted at 7, lok kalyan marg for the visiting dignitary.
;;0.743;;netanyahu is to visit gujarat on january 17 along with prime minister modi and pay a visit to gandhi ashram, icreate technologies (built on the israeli innovation concept) and the agriculture centre for excellence.
;;0.0;;the first words spoken to prime minister modi by his israeli counterpart when the former landed in israel in 2016 was, what took you so long?
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi replied to controversies over his kedarnath trip and the last mann ki baat apart from reminding his listeners of the importance of upholding democracy and reading books.
;;0.0;;pm modi modis radio programme mann ki baat resumed today almost a month after the pm returned to power.
;;-0.4019;;the rashtriya janata dal (rjd) and trinamool congress on thursday boycotted a dinner hosted by prime minister modi for newly elected members of parliament, the first since the bharatiya janata party-led national democratic alliance (nda) government returned to power after the general elections.
;;0.8402;;from a whatsapp call from prime minister modi on diwali, celebrating birthdays on the high seas, to being pounded by hurricanes and monstrous waves in the pacific ocean, the past 254 days were quite a roller coaster for the women of insv tarini who received a heros welcome on their return to goa on monday.
;;0.0;;joshi recalled calls made by pm modi on diwali and sitharaman on navy day.
;;-0.7862;;i dont care whose son he is, said prime minister modi with obvious anger and irritation, referring to bharatiya janata party (bjp) general secretary, kailash vijayvargiya, whose son, akash vijayvargia, went after a civic official with a cricket bat.
;;-0.296;;he claimed if modi government came to power, the labour law would be amended in such a manner that the issue of permanent worker would be obsolete.
;;0.8622;;prime minister modi , who had called up captain amarinder on the day of the declaration of the results, took to twitter to congratulate the new punjab cm, wishing him the very best in working for punjabs development.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and other union ministers have made frequent visits to the state and a lot of focus has been given on implementation of the central schemes in odisha.
;;-0.6705;;the comment from the senior congress leader came a day after the ec cleared pm modi and bjp president amit shah in four complaints of alleged model code of conduct violation, of which at least one decision was not unanimous.
;;0.0;;closer to may 6, 12 and 19, the election commission may actually reprimand mr modi and mr shah.
;;0.6249;;us president donald trump said prime minister modi deserved his landslide victory in the recently held general elections as he did a great job pulling everyone together.
;;0.7003;;trump went on to say that the electoral win was a tribute to pm modi and his abilities to unite factions.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi was the first to offer his greetings to the us president.
;;0.7003;;trump on his part thanked pm modi while acknowledging the friendship.
;;0.0;;heres the full quote from the us president while in conversation with pm modi before the bilateral.
;;0.0;;the cm also met prime minister modi earlier this month.
;;-0.5267;;the congress took a swipe at prime minister modi on friday, asking why he did not raise the issues of kulbhushan jadhav and ceasefire violations by pakistan along the line of control when he met nawaz sharif at astana.
;;-0.5719;;she said modi had in 2014 questioned the dialogue with pakistan when soldiers were being killed, but when it came to asking tough questions, he only queried about sharifs health.
;;0.7003;;prime minister modi exchanged greetings with his pakistani counterpart in the leaders lounge at a reception at astana opera in the kazakh capital organised to welcome leaders participating in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi on friday launched an aadhaar-based money transfer mobile platform for traders along with two incentive schemes, in a push to make the economy less-cash and curb black money generation.
;;0.34;;44 lakh crore of high value notes, the modi government has rolled out scheme after scheme to dissuade indians from dealing in cash and switching to digital transactions.
;;0.128;;in december 2016, modi launched the bhim app for facilitating electronic payments by consumers.
;;0.7579;;modi also launched two new incentive schemes for the bhim app users  cashback and referral bonus  with an outlay of rs 495 crore for a period of six months.
;;0.0516;;orders issued by the election commission of india (ec) giving a clean chit to prime minister modi and bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah, in cases pertaining to violations of the model code of conduct, have no record of the lone dissenting view by one of the election commissioners, according to people aware of the matter who asked not to be named.
;;-0.7269;;according to a second official, election commissioner ashok lavasa differed with the majority view in five different complaints of model code violations against modi and shah.
;;-0.6808;;in the letter addressed to randeep surjewala, incharge of the congresss communication department, the ec on monday last week said it examined 11 pages of the speech made by pm modi in latur and found no violations.
;;-0.6369;;gandhi, who has been given a clean chit by the ec for his speech in jabalpur where he made a reference to shah as a murder accused, has been served a notice for his april 23 speech in madhya pradeshs shahdol, where he said that modi has made a new law in which there is a line that says tribals can be shot at, referring to the draft indian forest act.
;;-0.0772;;this (gujarat legislation) would be a great deterrent for those involved in killing cows for meat and other products, he said and called upon prime minister modi to declare cow as national animal.
;;0.0772;;read: sonu nigam tweets more clarification: mentioned temples, gurudwaras toohowever, noor-ur-rehman barkati, the imam of tipu sultan mosque of kolkata who is also known as the fatwa imam having given fatwas against a number of persons including prime minister modi and author taslima nasreen, told ht that it was not a fatwa.
;;0.7096;;in a letter to prime minister modi , chief minister naveen patnaik wrote, i would request you to kindly consider sanctioning five lakh pmay special houses initially for the state of odisha.
;;0.3612;;whats more, prime minister modi is expected in up at least thrice - in greater noida on september 9, varanasi on september 17 (his birthday) and possibly mathura on september 11 (though the dates are still being finalised).
;;-0.8956;;the congress celebrates sultan jayanti to get votes in karnataka but doesnt honour other leaders, said prime minister modi on sunday in remarks seen as referring to tipu sultan, the erstwhile ruler of the kingdom of mysore who died fighting the british.
;;-0.8423;;modi was speaking at an election rally in chitradurga when he accused the congress of not honouring local heroine onake obavva, a woman who fought the forces of hyder ali, the father of tipu sultan.
;;-0.5994;;the nation on monday remembered gandhi on his 69th death anniversary with president pranab mukherjee and prime minister modi leading the country in paying homage to the father of the nation.
;;-0.4019;;the police action came barely hours after prime minister modi took a dig at the alliance partners sp and congress, accusing them of chanting gayatri prajapati mantra in an oblique reference to allege police inaction in the case.
;;0.2225;;perhaps prime minister modi has shown the way forward, when he spoke in his independence day speech about the problem being solved not by abuse or bullets, but by embracing all kashmiris.
;;-0.7351;;a day after a member of the jat protest committee was booked for sedition on his beheading remark against prime minister modi , tense atmosphere prevailed at the dharna site in jassia village of rohtak district.
;;-0.7184;;besides slamming pm modi and chief minister manohar lal khattar in their speeches, angry protesters targeted the media for broadcasting the controversial speech.
;;0.0;;agar aap kaho to hum modi ka sar kaat denge lekin aapka sar nai jhukne denge (if you say, we will behead modi but wont let you down), sombir had announced through a microphone addressing a large gathering in the presence of all india jat aarakshan sangharsh samiti national president yashpal malik during balidan divas on sunday.
;;-0.4215;;the police booked sombir of jassia for sedition for his remark against prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;a day ahead of the actual polling, prime minister modi inaugurated the eastern peripheral expressway in baghpat, next door to kairana in what was not really an election rally, but almost one.
;;0.0;;modi remains the bjps star campaigner, although he usually prefers to sit out bypolls.
;;0.0;;it indicates the recent reconciliation over dinner diplomacy by prime minister modi with sena chief uddhav thackeray was temporary, sources said.
;;0.3182;;thackeray recently attended national democratic alliance (nda) constituents meet at new delhi and also supported the resolution to contest the next general elections as a unit under the leadership of pm modi.
;;0.0;;on monday, prime minister modi was in madhya pradesh to address an election meeting at ratlam in the region.
;;-0.7184;;referring to the congress promise on nyay scheme to give rs 72,000 annually to 50 million poor families he reiterated his charges on the pm in regard with rafale deal and said once congress was voted to power money would be taken out from the pockets of nirav modi , mehul choksi and anil ambani and would be given to the poor.
;;0.3182;;almost every other month, prime minister modi holds a review meeting of the rural development ministry to keep the bureaucracy responsible for catering to around 22 crore people on its toes.
;;0.3818;;in one of those meetings, modi posed a question: how can we ensure that the money we are spending is going to the right person?
;;0.6908;;and now, with the modi government entering the last couple of years of its term before the 2019 general elections, the rural sector will see a stronger focus on sustainable livelihood mission, or in other words, how to increase the household income of people living in rural areas.
;;-0.1513;;work in progress in the process of revamping existing schemes, the modi government will have to meet the aspirations of rural youth year-wise expenditure on rural development in the process of revamping existing schemes, the modi government will have to meet the aspirations of rural youth key hurdles mgnregapayment of wagesin the last financial year, most poor workers didnt get their wages in time.
;;-0.5106;;the failure to amend the land act is still the biggest setback for the modi government in pushing reforms.
;;0.1027;;officials try to emphasize that as the scope of rural development expands, the modi government wants to plug possible leakages.
;;0.0;;last year, modi also organized a presentation from the space department for other departments to see how far space technology can be used for tracking work-in-progress.
;;-0.1779;;congress believed in directly addressing poverty while modi government believes that the effects of economic growth will trickle down.
;;-0.3818;;fight for rera, an umbrella body of more than 100 home-buyers associations from across india, had in november written to prime minister modi and the chief ministers of up and gujarat, saying the changes would render the new law redundant.
;;0.128;;prime minister modi and saudi crown prince mohammad bin salman on friday agreed that the iran-us tensions in the persian gulf could affect energy supplies and the pricing of oil.
;;0.2023;;briefing the media after the meeting, foreign secretary vijay gokhale quoted modi as saying that saudi arabias leadership role in maintaining balance in the global oil market is important for the region and the world.
;;0.743;;modi and the crown prince were happy with the 20  growth in bilateral trade last year.
;;0.6369;;modi also met south korean president moon jae-in for discussions that focussed on bilateral relations and a review of the comprehensive economic partnership agreement.
;;0.6705;;modi also met german chancellor angela merkel and discussed cooperation in artificial intelligence, cyber security and railway modernisation.
;;0.0772;;this was after his family said they would approach prime minister modi over the delay in fulfilment of promises made by the bjp government in haryana.
;;0.3818;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 10:11 istexpectations of every indian citizen were on the rise and the country needed to make a high jump in order to keep pace with it said prime minister modi , emphasizing the need to fast-track countrys growth and development in his independence day speech from the red fort in delhi.
;;0.0;;the former mp has filed nomination from varanasi parliamentary seat against prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the president said that he called up prime minister modi on the issue of tariffs on harley-davidson motorcycles.
;;-0.6369;;so i called up prime minister modi , i said unfair, he cut it 50 per cent.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi on monday alleged that telugu desam party president and andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu had indulged in stealing of personal data of the people of the telugu states for his political gains.
;;-0.5574;;pm modi compared naidu with bhallala deva, the villain character in the magnum opus film bahubali.
;;0.0;;modi pointed out that his government had not introduced any new taxes in the last five years and instead it reduced and also simplified the tax structure.
;;0.128;;last year in december, prime minister modi had launched the metro-4 corridor and then mmrda invited bids for construction of the corridor.
;;0.0;;names doing the roundsmanoj sinhasinha is the telecom minister in prime minister modi modis government.
;;0.0;;an upper caste bhumihar leader, sinha is considered close to modi and manages the pms varanasi parliamentary constituency.
;;0.5719;;after thanking prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah, puri said representing up was an honour for him.
;;0.0;;in coordination with pm modi and cm yogi, we will do whatever we can for the development of up, he said.
;;-0.7096;;criticising the 2016 demonetisation move, the leader of opposition in rajya sabha alleged that modi gave many tughlaqi farman (diktats) during his rule due to which common people suffered.
;;0.0;;modi changed the currency notes of rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 with new currency notes as tughlaq had done by issuing currency of brass and copper during his rule, azad told reporters.
;;-0.4767;;modi withdrew rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes during demonetisation claiming that it will check black money but later he circulated rs 2,000 currency notes, which was contradictory in itself, azad said.
;;-0.1695;;the former jammu and kashmir chief minister alleged that modi took the decision of demonetisation without getting the consent of the rbi governor and the cabinet.
;;0.25;;i asked in parliament if this scheme has been implemented for the benefit of farmers or for insurance companies, but modi did not give any reply, he said.
;;0.0;;asked if it is appropriate to equate a democratically elected prime minister with tughlaq, azad replied, i have not equated modi with tughlaq.
;;0.3612;;i just said modi is like tughlaq.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister modi , on thursday, came down heavily on black money hoarders and corrupt persons, saying those who had robbed the poor would have to return them their money.
;;0.7717;;modi also distributed smart phones to one lakh sakhi mandal (women self help group) to strengthen the governments cashless initiative.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on thursday claimed that the west bengal police, in connivance with the state government, was trying to wipe out evidence of the desecration of ishwar chandra vidyasagars statue.
;;0.4939;;police officers are trying to wipe out the evidence of the incident in order to save the tmc goons, modi alleged.
;;-0.1531;;it is the bjp which is fighting to restore democracy in bengal, modi asserted and claimed that the chief minister had even threatened to capture its party offices in the state, he said.
;;0.128;;village chaupals, dinner at dalit houses and night halts in villages are part of bjps gram swaraj campaign that was launched by prime minister modi on april 14, dr ambedkars birth anniversary.
;;0.0;;but some analysts say new delhi has adopted a firmer approach to china since prime minister modi took power in 2014 and invited the head of the india-based tibetan government-in-exile to attend his swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.0;;birla had claimed that he would start flights from the kota airport if he gets elected and modi becomes the prime minister.
;;0.0;;rahul gandhi had even written to prime minister modi for starting of commercial flights from the existing airport in kota.
;;-0.1027;;i just apologized to indian ambassador harsh shringla for trumps amateurish and embarrassing mistake, congressman brad sherman tweeted hours after trumps stunning claim that prime minister modi sought his mediation or arbitration efforts to resolve the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;everyone knows pm modi would never suggest such a thing (sic), tweeted sherman, who has been closely following the development in south asia for past few decades.
;;-0.4601;;the republic of india is one of americas closest and most important allies, and we look forward to working with prime minister modi and indian officials to combat terrorism and extremism throughout the region, the two influential lawmakers said in their joint statement.
;;0.3612;;earlier monday, during a meeting with pakistan pm imran khan at the oval office, trump told reporters that pm modi sought his mediation in the kashmir issue and that he was ready for it.
;;-0.749;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi unleashed one of his most stinging attacks on prime minister modi on wednesday, saying he has destroyed the soul of india in the past two and a half years of his rule.
;;0.0;;in his opening remark at a day-long convention, jan vedna sammelan, gandhi said modi had turned the hard-earned money of the people of this country into paper through his demonetisation decision.
;;0.1027;;addressing the party convention at delhis talkatora stadium in hindi and english, gandhi said modi and rss chief mohan bhagwat have weakened every institution in the country such as the judiciary, the reserve bank of india, the election commission and the media.
;;0.0;;on july 23, bengal chief minister mamata banerjee had written to prime minister modi not to corporatise and privatise ordnance factories.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi will seek to repair indias drifting partnership with russia when he meets president vladimir putin this week, amid wariness over moscows renewed interest in new delhis backyard, analysts say.
;;-0.1027;;furthermore, modi is now seeking to manufacture military hardware locally, asking foreign firms to work with domestic contractors under his make in india campaign, in a bid to reduce reliance on costly imports.
;;-0.7862;;in a no-holds barred attack not seen so far in this election season, bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on sunday accused prime minister modi of not respecting his mother and wife.
;;0.0982;;this is not the first time that banerjee has resorted to personal attacks on modi , but she never accused the prime minister of disrespecting his family.
;;-0.9136;;the leaders, who were joined by scores of congress workers, also demanded the resignation of rbi governor urjit patel for the failure to maintain rbis autonomy and for the problems being faced by people following the note ban announced by prime minister modi on november 8.
;;-0.6486;;in mumbai, state congress president ashok chavan accused the modi government of converting the rbi into a rss shakha and demanded resignation of urjit patel for throwing the lives of 125 crore indians into a disarray with demonetisation.
;;-0.296;;he accused the modi government of trying to make rbi a branch of bjp and rss.
;;0.5719;;tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam on saturday thanked prime minister modi for his support to jallikattu, an emotive issue which triggered mass protests across the state.
;;0.6369;;on behalf of the government and people of tamil nadu, i thank you for all your support and assistance in enabling jallikattu to be held in tamil nadu once again during the pongal season, upholding the culture and tradition of the people of tamil nadu, he wrote to modi in a letter.
;;-0.25;;ye jauhar (a practice of self-immolation by rajput women to protect their honour) ki jwala hai, bahut kuch jal jayega (a lot would get burnt in the flames) if the film is released, kalvi said, adding that the outfit has urged prime minister modi to ban the film in the entire country.
;;0.0;;the actor-turned-politician, when asked about his past comment lauding prime minister modi , said, i used to call him dashing and dynamicfor his 56-inch chesttoday, rahul gandhi is the face of the nation and future of the nation.
;;0.1027;;he has been critical of the modi government of the centre and the ruling bharatiya janata party, with which he had an association of more than two decades.
;;0.0;;the us president has been having customary phone calls with world leaders after assuming office two weeks ago  he and prime minister modi spoke on january 24, and the call was amicable and uneventful, according to both countries.
;;0.4404;;supporting prime minister modi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanaths stand on the triple talaq issue, raza said a new law should be implemented to put an end to the age-old practice.
;;0.4404;;the 45-minute meeting, between jaitley and sikka accompanied by other top company officials, also assumes significance as prime minister modi is scheduled to visit the us later this month.
;;0.8402;;with a jubilant bjp happily set to swear in chief ministers in both states, the voters have given prime minister modi the power to choose who he wishes to govern them for the next five years.
;;0.296;;why did the tribals in eastern up, in the hilly regions of uttarakhand, almost invisible in the english media so far, who had vociferously protested against large dams and outsiders and the mining mafia in their area, choose modi and his party?
;;0.5106;;this election has proved that modi is right: when all is said and done, what the marginalised will respond to and cheer  be it in films or rallies  is a spectacle.
;;0.1406;;in 2014, and again in 2017, the peppery dishes he served, helped modi reduce his opponents to figures of fun while allowing his party to gloss over several serious questions: the ram mandir, kairana, beef ban and last, but not the least, demonetisation.
;;-0.4404;;navjot singh sidhu, the punjab minister and the congresss star campaigner, continued with his spate of attacks on prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;campaigning for the congress in gujarat, sidhu on wednesday took swipes at pm modi citing demonetisation, zero-balance bank account opening scheme and the governments push for yoga.
;;-0.5423;;sidhu, who switched sides from the bjp to the congress ahead of 2017 punjab assembly election, targeted pm modi over jan dhan bank accounts for which the bjp-led government ran a campaign under the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana (pmjdy) to bring even the poorest section of society to the ambit of banking.
;;-0.2023;;is it your patriotism mr modi that people who have empty stomachs are being made to perform yoga?
;;-0.2023;;sidhus fresh attack on pm modi came close on the heels of his remarks at an election rally in bihar which stoked a controversy.
;;-0.5423;;an fir has been lodged against sidhu for violating the model code of conduct by exhorting muslim voters against pm modi.
;;0.8225;;prime minister modi had on wednesday announced that india successfully test-fired an anti-satellite missile by shooting down a live satellite, describing it as a rare achievement that puts the country in an exclusive club of space super powers.
;;-0.2057;;erdogans meeting with prime minister modi on monday came in the shadow of his comments on kashmir that were not well received in india.
;;0.4215;;the local grapevine is that veerbhadras son, vishwambar nath, who has succeeded him as the mahant, met prime minister modi , apparently to make amends for issuing the invitation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and president donald trump discussed india-us ties in a phone call late on tuesday that was their first conversation after the new us head of state took office.
;;0.8625;;modi was among the first world leaders to call on november 9 to congratulate trump, demonstrating, according to sources, a willingness to engage with the new president with as much enthusiasm as with his predecessor.
;;0.8934;;also, modi appears to have an admirer in steve bannon, chief strategist and senior counselor to trump, who had in 2014 called modis win a great victoryvery much based onreaganesque principles.
;;-0.9432;;describing terrorism as a global menace, prime minister modi on friday urged the world community to block funding, weapons and communication modes of terrorists, in an apparent reference to pakistans support for kashmiri militants.
;;-0.765;;modi, while noting that the un secretary general antonio guterres was present in the gathering, lamented that for 40 years, a resolution is pending before the united nations regarding definition of terrorism and of those who help terrorists.
;;-0.7845;;he agreed with modi that terrorism is a common threat and that should unite us.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi announced april 28 as a historic day, claiming that all villages in the country were electrified on that day.
;;0.34;;its a kind of undeclared cap the party has imposed on itself at the instance of prime minister modi , he said.
;;-0.9509;;the mob lynching also echoed in parliament on monday when leader of the opposition in rajya sabha gulab nabi azad mocked prime minister modi modis idea of new india, asserting that he preferred old india which had no place for hatred, anger and mob killings.
;;0.5994;;the bjp is, however, contesting these elections with the promise that a new dispensation under guidance of prime minister modi will deliver on the promises.
;;0.0;;therefore, a bjp leader said that the electoral outcome will also be reflective of whether modi holds sway on delhi voters, as has been reflected in other state elections.
;;0.0;;and since the bed rock of all his poll strategies is brand modi , victory will reaffirm how much the national mood has caught the imagination of the people in the capital, a senior delhi bjp leader said.
;;-0.6597;;even as the congress on thursday attacked prime minister modi for his silence on the tuticorin incident, union home minister rajnath singh said his ministry has sought a report from the tamil nadu government on the police firing and the prevailing situation in the area.
;;-0.296;;the congress leader also accused the modi government of abolishing the rules made by the upa government in 2013.
;;0.3182;;he also posed tuticorn challenge to modi , saying he gives fitness challenges enough priority, but unfortunately the prime minister, government of india, ruling party president you are all running on a treadmill but not getting anywhere.
;;-0.4588;;kumar also described siddaramaiah in one of his twitter posts as seedha rupaiah apparently taking cue from prime minister modi , who had in february attacked siddaramaiah government as seedha rupaiah sarkar.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister modi , in a recent interview, revealed these backroom details of the military strikes against pakistan.
;;0.4939;;in 2014, when the banking sector needed cash infusion to tide over its then nascent non-performing asset issues, the modi government asserted that accelerated gdp growth will automatically solve banking problems.
;;-0.93;;imagine if even one person in that meeting room in the prime ministers office had told modi that he was making a grave error in assuming that all cash is black money and all black money is in cash and that, invalidating 90  of the countrys currency overnight will only devastate the entire economy for many years, perhaps the disaster could have been averted.
;;-0.0258;;the lack of candid feedback on demonetisation emboldened modi to commit another economic hara-kiri, just six months later: the hasty roll out of the goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has announced to get the sacrilege incidents probed by the cbi, sukhbir said.
;;0.3182;;also read | punjab polls: pm modi assures cbi probe into sacrilege incidentshe said this was not the first time that kejriwal was courting radical elements.
;;0.5859;;the win is largely attributed to the development works carried out by prime minster modi modi.
;;0.8402;;there was definitely a wave in favour of pm modi and the bjp similar to what prevailed during 2014 general elections, sunil sharma, bjps winning candidate from sahibabad, said.
;;0.6369;;incidentally, parrikars avowal was in light of prime minister modi modis political decision to not initiate a formal revision of the doctrine promised by the ruling party in its 2014 election manifesto.
;;0.296;;read more: up governor ram naik, cm yogi adityanath join baba ramdevs yoga sessionthe college will also participate in the international yoga day event at ramabai ambedkar ground in lucknow on june 21 in which prime minister modi will be the chief guest.
;;0.4939;;the cm nitish kumar praised prime minister modi , saying that india has progressed by leaps and bounds under pm modis tenure.
;;0.0;;in one of the rallies, he took a jibe at prime minister modi modis demonetisation drive where people were standing in long queues outside bank atms. he said the voters in the state election will stand in line to oust the bharatiya janata party(bjp).
;;0.0;;now you (modi government) have all the money and at least give rs 15,000 to people instead of 15 lakh, he added.
;;0.4019;;with the parties revving up their campaign, prime minister modi is scheduled to address a rally in aligarh on february 5.
;;0.0;;the scholarships were announced by prime minister modi at the 25th anniversary commemorative asean-india summit held in new delhi in january 2018.
;;-0.7964;;a week after prime minister modi visited pakistan an air force base in pathankot was attacked by at least five terrorists dressed in army-style clothing in the wee hours of saturday.
;;0.0;;the book titled new beginning was released by prime minister modi on the 11 civil services day in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.8979;;the make in india mittelstand (miim) launched to encourage german small and medium industry (sme) to india has evoked major interest in germany, giving further boost to bilateral business ties, prime minister modi said on tuesday.
;;0.4939;;modi noted that the indo-german managers training programme had led to increased investments and creation of joint ventures by companies from both countries.
;;-0.296;;in the wake of demonetisation, prime minister modi and his government have been under pressure to do more to curb black money.
;;-0.5994;;they handed over two separate memorandums to deputy commissioner dilraj singh  one addressed to prime minister modi seeking sacking of the bjp government in mp for police firing on farmers and the other for punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh on debt waiver.
;;0.0258;;prime minister modi is upset with ministers skipping their roster duty in parliament and has asked for a list of those who absented themselves from parliamentary sittings despite being asked to attend, two bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders aware of developments said on condition of anonymity.
;;0.4019;;at the weekly meeting of the bjp parliamentary party on tuesday, modi expressed his displeasure about ministers skipping roster duty and asked for a list of defaulters by evening, the first leader said.
;;0.0;;he quoted modi as saying that ministers are expected to discharge the duties assigned to them.
;;0.7351;;also read | is this why people voted for us: pm modi on akash vijayvargias cricket bat attackthe first impression is often the last impression, modi is learnt to have told the mps, many of them first-timers, as he urged them to work passionately for development of their constituencies.
;;0.0;;according to joshi, modi noted that india had fixed 2025 as the deadline for eradicating tuberculosis against the global deadline of 2030.
;;-0.3612;;the results show that anti-incumbency has been catching up with the modi government and bjps lead vis--vis the congress has fallen to less than half in the past one year (see chart 2).
;;0.5267;;more than half of indias religious minorities and dalits are against giving another chance to the modi government; the survey says.
;;0.4215;;the survey also shows that an equal number of respondents (43 ) like prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi now.
;;-0.2023;;while gandhi seems to be gaining among his adversaries, modi is losing out among his fans.
;;0.5023;;25  of the respondents said they did not modi earlier but like him now.
;;0.0516;;in contrast, 35  of the respondents who liked modi earlier reported to having picked a dislike for him.
;;0.5256;;prime minister modi modis decision to talk directly to the people through his monthly mann ki baat radio programme has proved to be a far more effective medium of political communication than interviews to a few journalists or addressing a press conference, finance minister arun jaitley said in new delhi on friday.
;;0.4588;;the minister, who is again in charge of the all-important defence portfolio, underlined how modi has deftly handled issues that involve commercial benefits.
;;0.0;;lucknow, the city of nawabs, has been finalised to host the main event of the international day of yoga (idy) celebrations in which prime minister modi will participate.
;;0.4215;;the united nations general assembly, heeding to a call by prime minister modi , had made a declaration in december 2014 to observe june 21 every year as idy.
;;0.0;;he said that in the past five years, prime minister modi had taken the countrys economy to the fifth position from the 11th position.
;;0.5009;;this has happened for the first time in the countrys electoral history that a prime minister seems so eager to become the chief minister of a state, he alleged referring to the bjps poll campaign that projected prime minister modi as its face.
;;0.7783;;the farmers uprising in madhya pradesh, as well as neighbouring maharashtra over similar demands, poses a big challenge for prime minister modi , who stormed to power three year ago with the promise of freeing farmers of a cycle of debts.
;;0.6908;;india, the worlds fifth-biggest defence spender last year, is expected to spend $250 billion over the next decade to modernise its armed forces, and prime minister modi wants new deals to involve a share of local production to help the country grow its nascent defence industry.
;;0.25;;at the eas and arf meetings, jaishankar will enumerate indias vision for the indo-pacific as elaborated by prime minister modi in his address at the shangri la dialogue in singapore in 2018, the external affairs ministry said.
;;0.3202;;prime minister modi mocked economists and said on wednesday hard work is more powerful than harvard as the latest gdp data shows demonetisation did not affect growth rate and the figures have improved.
;;0.875;;2) from a leader who limited exposure to media, people saw may up close and personal during the campaign; opinion divided whether they liked her or not3) increased new registrations by young voters enthused by corbyns promise of scrapping tuition fees4) conservative party releasing a slick video titled theresa ke saath with a hindi song and images of indian prime minister modi to appeal to the british indian community5) may performing abhishek in a hindu temple; corbyn wearing saffron headgear during a gurdwara visit1.
;;0.0;;addressing an election rally in silchar in southern assam, prime minister modi on thursday said the mood in the country can be guessed by the crowds in his rallies.
;;-0.2263;;modi mentioned about how work on updating the national register of citizens (nrc) was speeded up after the nda came to power in 2014 and assured that no genuine indian citizen will be left out of it and no foreigner will get included.
;;-0.4215;;but modi was silent on the contentious (citizenship) amendment bill.
;;-0.1027;;questioned modi.
;;0.4019;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh on wednesday urged prime minister modi for a special central government package to provide one-time loan waiver to the debt-ridden farmers of the state.
;;0.0;;amarinder, who met modi at his parliament house office, said the meeting was a courtesy call, during which the issue of farm debt waiver was also discussed.
;;0.4019;;expressing concern over the recent spate in farmer suicides in punjab, the chief minister said he had requested modi to announce a special package to pull out farmers out of the debt-trap.
;;0.743;;in the run up to the 2014 lok sabha elections, the bharatiya janata party was hunting for a huge open area for their prime ministerial candidate modi , who was drawing huge crowds.
;;0.0;;many political experts define adityanath as the modi of uttar pradesh.
;;-0.1531;;it also came at an awkward moment as prime minister modi is set to make an official visit to the us later this month.
;;0.9062;;bharat ratna awardee and singer lata mangeshkar has congratulated prime minister modi , bharatiya janta party and party president amit shah on their great victory in the state assembly elections on saturday.
;;0.2023;;indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 00:33 istprime minister modi on friday arrived in the uae where he will discuss bilateral and regional issues with the top leadership.
;;0.1027;;modi reached uae capital abu dhabi from paris on the second leg of his three-nation tour to france, uae and bahrain.
;;0.6597;;during the visit, modi will discuss bilateral, regional and international matters of mutual interest with the crown prince of abu dhabi, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, and also formally launch rupay card to expand the network of cashless transactions abroad.
;;0.0;;deepening economic relations will also be on the agenda during this visit, modi tweeted he will also receive the order of zayed, the highest civilian decoration conferred by the uae government.
;;0.0;;from abu dhabi, modi will visit bahrain where he will hold talks with king shaikh hamad bin isa al khalifa and also witness the formal beginning of the re-development of the temple of shreenathji -- the oldest in the gulf region before returning to france on sunday to attend the g7 summit meetings.
;;0.6908;;earlier in the day, modi held bilateral meeting with his french counterpart edouard philippe and discussed issues of bilateral and mutual interests to further boost the comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;0.0;;use social media for public service and not self-promotion, prime minister modi told bureaucrats on friday, even as he pulled up a section of officials who he said spent too much time online.
;;0.34;;modi has more than 29 million twitter followers with whom he constantly interacts besides using the 140-character interface to highlight government programmes.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister modi on sunday alleged a patient died after an amethi hospital with trustees from the gandhi family denied him treatment saying it was not modis hospital where ayushman card would be accepted.
;;-0.7446;;speaking at a poll rally here, modi also alleged that congress-ruled rajasthan and chhattisgarh are not giving benefits of the ayushman bharat medical scheme to the poor and asked the people to teach congress a lesson in the polls.
;;0.0;;they (opposition) say modi hatao (remove modi).
;;0.0;;but people who have benefited from my governments schemes are saying phir ek baar (modi again as pm), he told the crowd.
;;0.4576;;uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav is more interested in doing kaam ki baat (practical work) rather than mann ki baat, sp candidate and his wife dimple yadav said on wednesday in an apparent dig at prime minister modi modis monthly radio address mann ki baat.
;;-0.4588;;congress general secretary priyanka gandhi on monday attacked prime minister modi for being anti-tribal and suppressing their rights.
;;-0.6705;;elaborating how the bjp was snatching tribal rights, she accused modi of diluting the provisions of the forest rights act that had been passed when the upa was in power, priyanka said, nearly 60 per cent of the claims of tribals have been rejected.
;;0.0;;she also took modi to task for his alleged role in circumventing the land acquisition act and handing over land to industrialists.
;;0.0258;;when we prevented modi for diluting act in parliament, he made the bjp-ruled states amend the rules, she said.
;;0.34;;hitting out at modi for saying that he was a tapasvi, priyanka said unlike a real tapasvi, modis pride has not gone.
;;-0.5719;;she also accused modi of making mgnrega, the flagship scheme of the upa government, weaker and did not provide sufficient employment in rural section.
;;-0.1655;;we had hoped that a farmers death would bring prime minister modi out to meet us, but it is not to be so.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will announce details of these at an event on thursday.
;;0.0;;a series of animated videos featuring modi performing various yoga aasanas are already in circulation.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi , in his monthly radio programme, mann ki baat, spoke on sunday about the fit india movement .
;;-0.7096;;prime minister modi on friday launched a sharp attack on congress and its leader sam pitroda for his comments on the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
;;-0.5106;;watch | pm modi slams sam pitroda for hua so hua remark on 1984 riotssam pitroda, in charge of the indian overseas congress, made the remarks on thursday while replying to questions on the bjps claim that the 1984 riots took place on the orders of former pm rajiv gandhi.
;;0.0;;but these are things from past that are not really relevant to this election which is all about what did modi government do for the last five years, pitroda tweeted.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has set the target of doubling farmers income by 2022.
;;0.0;;in the last week of may, the ministry of electronics and information technology (meity) asked all ministries to host the banner which includes a photograph of prime minister modi waving along with a tagline that reads saaf niyat, sahi vikas.
;;0.0;;the website hosts a performance dashboard on the impact of various schemes and initiatives of the modi government.
;;0.7003;;australian prime minister malcolm turnbull on thursday said it might not be possible to reach a free trade deal with new delhi, despite his and indian prime minister modi modis attempts to revive talks.
;;0.0;;australian prime minister malcolm turnbull (l) takes a selfie with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.872;;(pti photo)the important thing is that prime minister modi and i have given our prime ministerial direction and leadership and impetus to ensure that the two sides will focus on the nitty gritty of what the free trade agreement would involve.
;;0.7184;;modi and i want the matter to be resolved and we have a great economic relationship and its getting stronger all the time and it will grow whether or not there is a free-trade agreement, but it would obviously be enhanced if there was.
;;0.0;;on october 2, 2015, prime minister modi inaugurated the countrys first district court--khunti--which was illuminated by a rooftop power plant.
;;0.3182;;she then referred to another speech by modi in new delhi wherein he was calm and spiritual and was completely different.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on saturday arrived in qingdao, china, to attend the two-day shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;0.0;;modi met chinese president xi jinping on saturday soon after his arrival in qingdao.
;;0.4019;;00pm: prime minister modi , along with the leaders of shanghai cooperation organisation member states, witnessed a special event by chinese artists at the international conference centre in qingdao on the sidelines of the annual two-day sco summit.
;;0.0;;pm described it as milestone in our relations: vijay gokhale, foreign secretary on bilateral meeting between modi and jinping.
;;0.0;;40pm: prime minister modi met president of tajikistan emomali rahmon in qingdao, china.
;;0.5859;;our talks will add further vigour to the india-china friendship, tweeted pm modi.
;;0.0;;50pm: pm modi met president of uzbekistan shavkat mirziyoyev and held a bilateral meeting with him on the sidelines of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in chinas qingdao.
;;0.2732;;45pm: india and china signed agreements in the presence of pm modi and president of china xi jinping in qingdao.
;;0.0;;25pm: modi participated in delegation-level talks with other members of the shanghai cooperation organisation, reports ani news agency.
;;0.0;;55pm: prime minister modi meets chinese president xi jinping in qingdao on the sidelines of sco summit.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao.
;;0.0;;30pm: prime minister modi met sco general secretary rashid alimov.
;;0.0;;alimov told modi that india is contributing greatly to the organisation since it became a full member of sco in 2017.
;;0.0;;gearing up for the mission, announced by prime minister modi , the isro has set up a human space flight centre to facilitate the manned voyage involving a three-member crew.
;;0.3612;;running has given her recognition, the latest being an interaction with prime minister modi at the launch of the fit india movement recently.
;;0.4242;;indiaupdated: aug 26, 2019 18:52 istprime minister modi on monday rejected any scope for a third party mediation between india and pakistan on kashmir, saying the two countries can discuss and resolve all issues bilaterally and we dont want to bother any third country.
;;0.0;;we spoke last night about kashmir, prime minister (modi) really feels he has it under control, said trump, who along with pm modi was addressing the media on the sidelines of the g7 summit in the french town of biarritz.
;;-0.7096;;also read: reduce tension over kashmir bilaterally, donald trump tells imran khanus president trump had offered mediation between india and pakistan on kashmir during pakistan pm imran khans white house visit in july with a claim that even prime minister modi had asked him to, the claim was swiftly and summarily denied by new delhi, and reiterated that the kashmir issue can only be resolved bilaterally, and only after pakistan stopped supporting terrorism.
;;-0.8316;;watch: pm modi meets trump, says all issues between india-pakistan are bilateralpm modi , recalling his telephonic conversation with imran khan, said i told him that both our countries have to fight against poverty, illiteracy, backwardness and both should work for the betterment of our people.
;;0.0;;his plans were pushed back when prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi addressed an election rally on february 16, 2017 in barabanki, 30km from lucknow in uttar pradesh that has seen three phases of voting in a seven-phase poll for the next vidhan sabha (legislative assembly).
;;0.0;;we checked five claims made by modi during the speechclaim 1:lekin agar sarkar ki school mainakhilesh ji ka kaam bolta haiki 50  teacher ki bharti hi nahi hui hai, to garib ka baccha padhaai kahaan karega?
;;0.0;;)fact: modi is partially right.
;;-0.631;;fact: the figure quoted by modi is right for wheat but wrong for rice.
;;-0.4767;;modi was wrong about rajasthan.
;;0.3182;;fact: modi stretched the truth.
;;0.0;;the modi government spent more than rs 1,000 crore in its first two years 2014-15 and 2015-16 on wbcis even before fasal bima yojana was rolled out.
;;-0.2263;;the government, under pm modi , more than doubled the spending on crop insurance to rs 13,200 crore  the highest everin 2016-17 (revised estimate), to cater to increased crop failures after consecutive drought years.
;;-0.1027;;fact: modi is correct on the data for maharashtra and rajasthan, while he exaggerated the numbers for gujarat and madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;in some of his posts, pandey had requested prime minister modi to find a way for bailing out the traders hit by the policies of the nda government.
;;0.3182;;in his video, pandey had said he supported modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on thursday countered the samajwadi party-congress alliance plan to declare him a bahari (outsider) in uttar pradesh by describing himself as ups goad liya beta (adopted son) and calling the people of the state as his mai-baap (parents).
;;0.0;;attempting to turn the up ke ladke vs bahari pitch by the sp-congress alliance, modi in his public rallies said that despite being an adopted son, he would do what the real ones couldnt, as the people of up elected him as their mp that helped him become the prime minister.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi shows the bjps lotus symbol at a public rally in barabanki on thursday.
;;0.5719;;(vinay panday/ht photo)modi also sought to invoke divinity behind his up shift, drawing a parallel with lord krishna.
;;-0.2584;;in barabanki, modi confined himself to the adopted son vs real posturing without giving a religious touch to it.
;;0.8074;;encouraged by poll results in bihar, where the grand alliance succeeded in projecting the election as bihari vs bahari, strategists of the sp-congress alliance coined the phrase up ke ladke -- chief minister akhilesh yadav and congress vice-president rahul gandhi -- as opposed to the bahari modi.
;;0.7184;;prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping will have an opportunity to make a quick assessment of the progress made on the consensus they had reached in wuhan when they meet on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation summit (sco) in the coastal city of qingdao on saturday.
;;0.0;;modi and xi met for nearly 10 hours in less than two days in april during the informal summit in wuhan, leading to, according to diplomats, strategic communication and consensus between the two leaders.
;;0.3182;;the meeting on saturday and the sco platform in general given modi and xi a new platform to strengthen communication, hu shisheng, director of the institute of south and southeast asian and oceania studies at the china institutes of contemporary international relations said.
;;0.0;;as part of prime minister modi modis make-in-india campaign, scientists will showcase the tejas warplane at an air show opening in bengaluru on tuesday.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 12, 2019 18:37 istprime minister modi on thursday turned teacher and guided state legislators on how to stand for group photographs.
;;0.0;;modi inaugurated the new assembly building, which he inspected along with jharkhand governor draupadi murmu, assembly speaker dinesh oraon and chief minister raghubar das.
;;0.0;;after inspecting the main hall where legislators will sit, modi , along with the governor, the speaker and the chief minister, began to prepare to pose for a group photograph with the legislators.
;;0.0;;at which point, the legislators, mostly from the ruling bjp, started jostling to get close to modi.
;;0.0;;modi, at first, requested the legislators to spread out to enable taking of the group photograph.
;;-0.5106;;however, when the legislators failed to make way, modi emerged from the crowd, signalling with his hands how the mlas should spread out on both sides of him to enable the group photos, which was taken subsequently.
;;0.0;;the controversy began in january when karnan wrote to prime minister modi to order a corruption probe against judges of the madras high court and the apex court.
;;0.0;;on friday, prime minister modi chose to forcefully raise the issue of declining academic standards in up from his rally in gonda where modi said contracts for mass copying are taken.
;;0.6249;;interestingly, bjp mp brij bhushan sharan singh who owns several colleges in gonda and adjacent districts, shared the stage with modi in gonda.
;;0.4019;;modi, who mentioned akhilesh from the rally stage, has tried to suggest that despite change of power, policies havent really changed in the party, said sk dwivedi, a political expert.
;;0.0;;he takes a jibe at prime minister modi referring him as dilli wale baba.
;;0.5574;;in fact, some feel the gorakhpur temple office could well become a mini-chief ministers office (cmo) like the mini pmo that functions ravindrapuri colony in prime minister modi modis varanasi lok sabha constituency.
;;0.743;;the bjp, however, is confident that it will break the trend, riding on the popularity of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the last lok sabha election was to make modi pm and know we will be contesting on the work done by modi , he said.
;;-0.5622;;yes, vasundhara is not a factor but i want to ask what modi has done for the poor, he said.
;;-0.3182;;senior shiv sena leader sanjay raut on monday said only prime minister modi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath will be able to construct the ram temple in ayodhya and there must not be any further delay.
;;0.0;;peoples court (general election) has given a massive mandate to the modi government to construct the ram temple in ayodhya.
;;0.0;;only pm modi and cm yogi adityanath will be able to construct ram mandir in ayodhya.
;;0.0;;many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister modi announced the demonetisation exercise on november 8.
;;0.0516;;prime minister modi took a veiled dig at pakistan on saturday, saying it breeds, inspires and encourages terrorism.
;;-0.5267;;congress general secretary for east up priyanka gandhi vadra on tuesday targeted prime minister modi for his arrogance.
;;-0.9304;;: when politicians leaned on epics to hurt rivalspriyankas poetic attack on modi came a week after the pm himself read out an urdu couplet to make his point that neither he nor his hopes were shattered by the oppositions attacks.
;;-0.4767;;instead, those who have tried to target me have been shattered, said modi.
;;-0.7096;;those who question indias surgical strikes on militant launch pads in pakistan-occupied kashmir should speak to families of army martyrs, prime minister modi said on saturday, in comments apparently aimed at stoking a raging debate over nationalism.
;;-0.0516;;modi questioned as he took on opposition parties which had sought proof of last years strikes by the indian army across the line of control (loc) in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;the rally was among a series of campaign meetings and road shows attended by modi in the crucial varanasi region which will go to the polls in the final phase on march 8.
;;0.0;;before the jaunpur rally, modi took part in a road show in varanasi, his lok sabha constituency, and then returned to address another meeting in the holy city.
;;-0.3612;;modi highlighted the sacrifices made by the armed forces in the fight against militancy and said he he kept his promise on the contentious one rank one pension (orop) scheme for army personnel.
;;0.0;;earlier, modi held a road show and offered prayers at the kashi vishwanath and kaal bhairav temples before his road show in varanasi.
;;0.0;;the road show, which covered a distance of five kilometres, revived memories of a similar event when modi filed his nominations for the 2014 lok sabha election in varanasi.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi is chairing a meeting of all political parties to discuss the possibility of holding simultaneous elections in the country and fast tracking development projects in 117 districts.
;;0.7506;;apart from the simultaneous election plan, the all party meeting chaired by pm modi is also discussing plans to celebrate 75 years of independence in 2022 and the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi this year.
;;0.4019;;at a time when prime minister modi introduced the concept of smart cities, the government should be able to construct the houses much faster.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will inaugurate the conference of parliamentarians of indian origin (pios) from 23 countries here on january 9.
;;0.4023;;the money bills cant be rejected by the rajya sabha, where prime minister modi modis government doesnt have a majority to push through key legislation.
;;0.0;;new delhi: toyota president akio toyoda and suzuki chairman osamu suzuki on thursday called on prime minister modi to discuss future technological development and plans for make in india.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will on friday evening hold discussions with officials who have been put in charge of the countrys 115 most backward districts to set the agenda for developing these areas by 2022, officials of the government think tank niti aayog said.
;;0.7096;;addressing a rally on april 24, prime minister modi had appreciated the initiative of the banda dm to motivate people to exercise their right to franchise.
;;0.5187;;the congress criticised on saturday the modi government for being lax on national security, but the party found itself mired in a controversy after releasing a booklet that referred to kashmir as indian-occupied kashmir.
;;-0.5267;;azad said the modi government failed to keep its promises and was misleading the people by inaugurating projects initiated during the upa government.
;;0.0;;he said modi invited pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif for his swearing-in ceremony, and targeted the prime minister for his pakistan and china policy.
;;-0.8481;;the senior congress leader said that out of the 172 terror attacks in the last three years of the modi government, there were 12 major attacks in the past 21 months.
;;0.0;;he claimed a map which was released the same year in september during the signing of a treaty with china in the presence of prime minister modi had shown arunachal pradesh as part of china.
;;-0.5267;;dalit leader and bharipa bahujan mahasangh (bbm) chief prakash ambedkar on wednesday debunked as publicity stunt the police claims that maoists have sent an email with a conspiracy to assassinate prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.34;;prime minister modi on tuesday taunted the congress, mocked its vice president rahul gandhi and criticised its dynastic politics as he tore into the main opposition party in parliament.
;;0.3818;;kharges comment on monday that modi could become prime minister because the congress kept the democracy alive too didnt go unnoticed.
;;0.5859;;it was a huge favour modi said as he questioned internal democracy in the congress.
;;0.0;;his campaign also found mention in a mann ki baat radio address delivered by prime minister modi last year.
;;0.6249;;speaking at a congress party convention in delhi, singh  who is also a noted economist  called prime minister modi modis claims of a robust economy hollow.
;;0.8779;;know moreashanya singh (ht photo)she dreams big: ashanya singh, 14, ludhianathis ludhiana girl shot to national limelight when she was declared the best ncc cadet in india and was honoured by none other than prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7845;;know moremihir (keshav singh/ht)dedicated to discipline: mihir, 15, chandigarhhe was adjudged the best ncc cadet in junior division in the republic day camp 2017 and awarded by none other than prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8316;;after months of bilateral tension, the icj ruling has come as a great relief to jadhavs family and the people of india, with prime minister modi expressing satisfaction on the judgement.
;;0.3818;;the party also asked whether prime minister modi agrees to the remarks made by the rss functionary, demanding he should clarify his stand on the issue.
;;-0.296;;kejriwal had accused modi of being anti-dalit.
;;0.128;;prime minister modi had launched the bhim app on december 31st and since government data shows that the app has seen at least 17.
;;-0.7152;;as expected, the modi government rejected trumps offer of mediation, swiftly and unequivocally so as to leave no room for confusion and second thoughts.
;;0.0;;the prime minister really feels he has it under control, he said on the sidelines of the g-7 meetings in biarritz, france, last month, referring to prime minister modi , ahead of their meeting.
;;0.4019;;modi urged the people to express their thoughts on the special open forum on the namo application.
;;0.0;;more than 50,000 indian-americans from across the us have registered for the september 22 howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;prime minister modi says that protection of public property is our responsibility as it belongs to all of us.
;;0.7351;;it is learnt that the nepalese authorities and wapcos had also prepared dprs.during his poll rally in pithoragarh, prime minister modi had promised speedy progress in pancheshwar dam construction.
;;-0.3818;;tamil nadu farmers, who are protesting in delhi for drought relief fund, stripped outside south block near rashtrapati bhavan on monday after they were allegedly not allowed to meet prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.1531;;(ht photo)according to the protesters, a group of nine tamil nadu farmers, including their leader p ayyakannu, had gone to rashtrapati bhavan hoping to meet modi and to submit their list of grievances and demands.
;;-0.5719;;in his first bid to woo the trader community in delhi, aap national convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal monday accused prime minister modi of unleashing tax terrorism on traders.
;;-0.4767;;kejriwal further said the policies of the modi government have ruined traders.
;;-0.3182;;the modi government hastily brought in the gst, he alleged, adding gst led to loss of jobs.
;;0.296;;the modi government would review the security cover of former prime ministers and their families at a meeting later this week to reduce the burden on the special protection group (spg), home ministry sources said.
;;0.0;;besides prime minister modi , the spg guards seven other people -- former pm manmohan singh, his wife gursharan kaur, ex-pm atal bihari vajpayee, his foster-daughter namita bhattacharya, congress president sonia gandhi and her two children rahul and priyanka.
;;-0.0772;;tmc chief and chief minister mamata banerjee has routinely attacked prime minister modi and his party.
;;0.0;;my vote is for modi and not for the bjp candidate.
;;-0.3252;;whether or not modi is popular we will come to know on may 23, he said.
;;0.25;;after concluding his engagements in germany, prime minister modi reached spain on tuesday on the second leg of his six-day, four-nation tour of europe.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, india and germany held the fourth round of the biannual inter-governmental consultations (igc) in germany, with a meeting between indian prime minister modi and german chancellor angela merkel.
;;0.4404;;here are live updates from a joint briefing by modi and merkel after their meeting:11:50pm: modi on twitter says objective will be to improve economic and cultural relations with spain.
;;0.0516;;#watch prime minister modi reaches madrid in spain, on the second leg of his six-day, four-nation tour pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/zspdlnsep7  ani (@ani_news) may 30, 20178:33pm: modi met german president frank-walter steinmeier at his official residence in berlin, ani reported.
;;-0.5994;;7:44pm: modi and merkel posed for a photo at the brandenburg gate, one of berlins iconic landmarks linked to the cold war era.
;;0.7579;;7:35pm: modi called on more and more german companies to invest in india even as the speedy conclusion of an india-eu free trade agreement (fta) was the focus on the german side.
;;0.4939;;6:50pm: modi backed german chancellor angela merkels strong leadership in uniting the european union at a time when the economic grouping was showing signs of strain post brexit and over the protectionist policies of us president donald trump.
;;0.7906;;6:20pm: modi and german chancellor angela merkel on tuesday reaffirmed the urgent need for a comprehensive reform of the united nations security council (unsc).
;;-0.4215;;kumaraswamy criticised prime minister modi for his pilgrimage to kedarnath and badrinath shrines.
;;-0.5023;;when we go to shrines, it is called temple run but they (news channels) are clueless when modi goes to badrinath (kedarnath), he said.
;;0.886;;pm modi will also speak about his keen interest in environmental conservation and values of respecting nature.
;;-0.1695;;to which, pm modi replies, my upbringing does not allow me to take a life.
;;0.0;;pm modi had landed in ahmedabad late last night to be in his home state on his 69th birthday.
;;0.0;;this morning, pm modi flew out to kevadiya in narmada district 200 km from state capital.
;;0.4215;;pm modi tweeted a short 90-second video, sharing an aerial view of the statute that is billed as the worlds tallest.
;;0.6249;;watch: pm modi turns 69, visits sardar sarovar dam site & performs narmada pujahave a look at the majestic statue of unity, indias tribute to the great sardar patel, he said.
;;0.4588;;pm modi and chief minister vijay rupani will also perform puja at the dam site to welcome the water of river narmada, the lifeline of gujarat.
;;0.0;;pm modi also visited the khalvani eco-tourism site.
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi has emerged as a clear favourite for the 2019 general elections after the bjps landslide victory in assembly elections in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, top us experts on india have said.
;;0.0;;while one of the expert noted that the electoral results of the just concluded assembly polls in five states show that the 2014 lok sabha election results were not an aberration, another noted that modi would continue to lead india after 2019.
;;0.0;;modi is the front runner (for 2019), he said.
;;0.3612;;dhume, however, noted that modi after this historic victory in uttar pradesh is unlikely to go for the kind of economic reforms the private sector would like to have.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister modi , at his election rallies, described this as ease of doing murder.
;;0.4019;;she also sought the help of prime minister modi and adityanath in the now-viral video.
;;-0.4767;;the possibility of a meeting with prime minister modi did not materialise, but new delhi recalibrated its approach after the controversy created by punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh who accused sajjan of having pro-khalistan leanings and refused to meet him.
;;-0.4541;;all three major initiatives  beti bachao, beti padhao, swachh bharat abhiyan and ujjawala yojana  taken by prime minister modi could not reach the government high school at lakkar village of chhachroli block of yamunanagar district.
;;-0.34;;amid tense diplomatic relations, prime minister modi met chinas president xi jinping ahead of the start of the sco summit at astana in kazakhstan on friday.
;;0.1779;;twitter.com/e0fo6au6uc  gopal baglay (@meaindia) june 9, 2017despite these contentious issues, officials on both sides expressed some hope that modi and xi would at least try to put bilateral ties back on track in the lead-up to the brics summit in xiamen in september.
;;-0.2023;;modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif earlier exchanged pleasantries amid frosty bilateral ties, deadlocked talks and escalation of hostilities along the line of control in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7964;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister modi on wednesday approved a 2  increase in dearness allowance (da) from january 1, 2017.
;;-0.8689;;prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah are terrorists who are trying to terrorise people in uttar pradesh, a samajwadi party minister has said, as campaigning in the state turned ugly halfway through the seven-phase assembly elections.
;;-0.296;;the comment by rajendra chowdhary came shortly after modi accused the sp government of discrimination on the basis of religion.
;;0.1779;;on sunday, modi drew a parallel between hindu and muslim festivals to accuse the akhilesh yadav administration of practising discrimination on the basis of religion.
;;0.4404;;sindhu, who beat japans nozomi okuhara in the finals of the world championship, met prime minister modi in delhi on tuesday.
;;0.7522;;this is in line with prime minister modi modis assertion, na khaunga na khane dunga [will neither steal, nor allow anyone else to] and a strong message has been sent in the system to shun corrupt practices at all levels immediately, said a government official aware of the specifics of the crackdown, asking not to be named.
;;0.128;;prime minister modi on monday disclosed that the recently launched bhim (bharat interface for money) mobile application has recorded 10 million downloads.
;;0.4019;;read: bhim app review: good effort but still messyon december 30, 2016, prime minister modi had launched the bhim mobile app.
;;0.4215;;the states prompt action earned applause from prime minister modi , who visited odisha on may 6.
;;-0.296;;after prime minister modi raised the issue during in election rallies in uttar pradesh last month, the issue of the alleged preferential treatment of graveyards over crematoria was raised by bjp members in the bihar assembly on friday.
;;-0.743;;since modi became the pm, farmers, traders and the poor have suffered.
;;-0.2732;;she said that the pm should also reveal the details about modi , vijay mallya and the near and dear tangled in the vyapam scam.
;;-0.4019;;chief minister siddaramaiah on sunday said the people of karnataka would reject the messages of prime minister modi , calling his election speeches hollow and baseless.
;;0.4019;;the chief minister said the bharatiya janata party was completely dependent on modi because it didnt have any big leaders.
;;0.802;;the centre on may 3 told the supreme court that it had been unable to finalise the draft cauvery water sharing scheme for karnataka and tamil nadu by the may 3 deadline set by the top court because prime minister modi and other central ministers had been busy campaigning for the karnataka elections.
;;0.5423;;in the last week of may, social media was abuzz with a fitness challenge that prime minister modi accepted from virat kohli, indias cricket captain.
;;0.0258;;ashok lavasa, the election commissioner who disagreed with the poll panels decisions to clear prime minister modi and bharatiya janata party president amit shah of charges of violating the so-called model code of conduct (mcc)  which regulates candidate, party and government behaviour during the elections  has, since may 4 recused himself from all meetings to discuss mcc issues.
;;-0.4404;;the poll panels decision to clear modi and shah in all cases of mcc violations, made in a may 3 meeting came in for significant criticism.
;;-0.9451;;the specific complaints discussed at the ec meeting regarding modi and shah included the pms speech in nanded in maharashtra on april 6 where he referred to the majority being a minority in wayanad (congress president rahul gandhis second constituency); and for his speech in varanasi where he said 42 terrorists were killed to avenge the death of 40 troopers in pulwama.
;;-0.5267;;a former finance secretary, lavasa differed with the decision of the two other members of the poll body, arora and election commissioner sushil chandra, while deciding on the cases of model code of conduct violations against prime minister modi and bjp president shah.
;;-0.2057;;he suggested sending a notice to modi , which wasnt accepted.
;;-0.8074;;a bunch of complaints pertaining to the violations of the model code of conduct, including one against prime minister modi , for addressing former pm rajiv gandhi as bhrashtachari no 1 is now pending with the commission.
;;0.6705;;indias decision to agree on talks to address trade differences, including data localisation, during the meeting between prime minister modi and president donald trump in osaka was aimed at ensuring that there is adequate time to discuss such issues domestically before negotiations with the us side, the people said.
;;0.7964;;although there is widespread support for prime minister modi , this election will not be as one-sided as it was in 2014, when rao inderjit singh of the bharatiya janata party secured 125, 264 votes of the 191, 693 votes polled, they said.
;;0.8957;;but due to the popularity of pm modi , the party will secure more votes, he said.
;;-0.7351;;launching a scathing attack on the ruling bjp, congress leader priyanka gandhi vadra said on tuesday that the saffron partys arrogance is like that of duryodhan, just days after prime minister modi reffered to congress general secratrys father and former prime minister rajiv gandhi bhrashtachari no 1.
;;-0.2732;;over the last few days, prime minister modi and his partys top leadership have scaled up attacks on the gandhi family, particularly on former prime minister rajiv gandhi.
;;-0.4588;;at a rally in uttar pradesh over the weekend, pm modi had attacked congress president rahul gandhi who has been hammering the bjp-led national coalition alleging corruption in the rafale deal.
;;0.0;;the two also consulted about the agenda for prime minister modi modis visit to germany next month.
;;0.0;;they plan to petition prime minister modi and chief minister devendra fadnavis to intervene.
;;0.4927;;prime minister modi has been named among the probable contenders for time magazines annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world.
;;0.5719;;also read: pm modi wins readers poll for time person of the year, final result on dec 7also on the list are white house chief of staff reince priebus, actor amy schumer, ceo of youtube susan wojcicki and counselor to trump kellyanne conway.
;;0.4215;;maneka gandhi, the former women and child development minister, was widely expected to be named for the post by virtue of her seniority in the lok sabha after she did not find a place in prime minister modi modis new team.
;;0.6597;;prime minister modi on friday interacted with 26-year-old misba hashmi of yamunanagar and praised her for helping people avail government schemes by running a common service centre (csc) at her native village buria.
;;0.3612;;modi assured her that he will have a selfie with her under the selfie with daughter campaign whenever he will visit haryana.
;;0.2732;;following the meeting between modi and xi on the margins of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in the coastal city of qingdao, the two sides signed agreements on china providing hydrological information for the brahmaputra river and on exporting rice from india.
;;0.0;;during his speech at the shangri-la dialogue in singapore on june 1, modi had talked about working closely with china and said an asia of cooperation could shape this century.
;;0.5423;;on the border dispute, gokhale said modi and xi agreed that under the special representatives mechanism, national security adviser ak doval and chinas foreign minister wang yi will meet later this year.
;;0.0;;modi arrived here on saturday afternoon for a two-day visit to attend the annual sco summit.
;;0.2057;;indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 17:26 istthe wife and son of arun jaitley on saturday insisted that prime minister modi should not cut short his three-nation tour following the demise of the bjp leader, sources in the government have said.
;;0.0;;modi, who is in abu dhabi, spoke with jaitleys wife sangeeta and son rohan to express his condolences.
;;-0.8658;;watch| rip arun jaitley: former finance minister and bjp stalwart dies at 66soon after the news of bjps leaders death broke, prime minister modi , mourning the death of former union finance minister, said he has lost a valued friend.
;;0.5106;;jaitley thus enjoyed close association with modi.
;;0.4767;;both were friends and had come to work closely together in the late 1990s, when modi was the partys general secretary based in delhi.
;;0.7003;;while both modi and jaitley had considered advani their mentor and acknowledged the veteran leaders role in strengthening bjp, after the 2009 elections, both were clear it was time for a change.
;;-0.8126;;activists have asked prime minister modi not to preside over the unveiling of the 112-foot tall statue of shiva at isha centre in coimbatore on friday over alleged violation of environmental norms by the organisers, isha foundation of yoga guru jaggi vasudev, which has denied the accusations.
;;0.5423;;prime minister modi on friday said cooperation between india and china is essential to maintain peace and stability around the world and offered to host the next informal summit between leaders of the two asian giants.
;;0.5994;;instead, they went on for two hours, an indication that both sides were keen on detailed discussions before modi and xi engage in three one-on-one conversations on saturday.
;;0.0;;delivering his opening remarks at the delegation-level talks, modi invited xi to another informal summit in india in 2019 and said they should continue to meet in the same format.
;;0.7269;;modi, who reached wuhan late on thursday night, also coined a new acronym -- strength -- to underscore the importance of people-to-people contacts.
;;0.0;;modi also noted that it was possibly the first time that xi had met another countrys leader twice outside the capital of beijing.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi with chinese president xi jinping pose for photograph during his visit to hubei provincial museum, in wuhan.
;;0.1779;;as a special gesture, xi gave modi a personal tour of the museum, where the two literally struck a chord when they tried their musical skills on a set of ancient bells.
;;-0.0258;;prime minister modi is surprised over the bill to accord constitutional status to an obc commission getting stuck in the rajya sabha.
;;0.8271;;the ruling party has tried to woo these socially influential groups ever since modi , who also comes from a backward community, was projected as the bjps prime ministerial candidate in the run up to the 2014 general election.
;;0.5709;;tejashwi, who is quite active on the social platform twitter, where he takes potshots at the bharatiya janata party-led national democratic alliance, did not post any message about the emphatic win of prime minister modi or the opposition alliances poor show, as the results came in on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is calling for make in india, but such incidents are a stain on our image.
;;0.34;;we have also welcomed prime minister modi to malaysia in november 2015, when we elevated our two countries relationship to be an enhanced strategic partnership.
;;0.0;;razak is visiting india from march 30 to april 4 at the invitation of his indian counterpart modi modi.
;;-0.6956;;but remember, if the modi-shah regime [referring to prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah] returns to power, they will destroy the nation, the land and democracy.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 19, 2019 16:33 istprime minister modi on thursday targeted ncp chief sharad pawar over his remarks on pakistan.
;;0.0258;;modi was in nashik as part of the conclusion of the mahajanadesh yatra undertaken by fadnavis to reach out to masses ahead of the assembly polls.
;;0.5719;;but this time around, young chief minister akhilesh yadav has remained a major factor in the race, the other players being mighty mayawati and popular modi modi.
;;0.6369;;the bharatiya janata party (bjp) had been out of power for 14 years and was desperate to win up - the adopted state of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi barely mentioned the tenures of kalyan singh and rajnath singh as he knew there was nothing concrete to display barring better law and order then.
;;0.6597;;interestingly, roadside chats with people often revealed a vote for modi and support for akhilesh.
;;0.0;;the three gold schemes--sovereign gold bonds, gold monetisation scheme and indian gold coin--were unveiled by prime minister modi in 2015 as part of the efforts to reduce imports of the yellow metal.
;;0.8658;;the dalai lamas high praise has further boosted kumars stature, coming as it does close on the heels of fulsome praise for the step from prime minister modi on january 5.
;;0.0;;on friday, when prime minister modi was in guwahati to inaugurate the 9.
;;-0.6369;;in the latest of a series of attacks on its ally, the shiv sena took digs at prime minister modi modis decision to demonetise rs1,000 and rs500 notes, claiming that it had weakened farmers financial state.
;;0.6369;;however, the think group credited prime minister modi with reinvigorating indias foreign policy.
;;0.6369;;the thinktank, however, credited prime minister modi with reinvigorating indias foreign policy.
;;0.1725;;it said modi , who in june 2016 made his fourth visit to the us in two years, has bolstered bilateral ties, particularly in defence cooperation.
;;-0.2755;;asked by the bbc what message he wanted to send to prime minister modi and india, khan said the kashmir issue has to be settled and cannot keep boiling like it is.
;;0.8126;;during an interaction with foreign media earlier this week, khan had suggested there would be a better chance of peace if modi is re-elected.
;;0.0;;on the day prime minister modi led bjps main bhi chowkidar (i too am chowkidar) campaign at delhis talkatora stadium, opposition leaders in visakhapatnam held a joint rally seeking the formers ouster.
;;0.5423;;recalling the special status promised to the state by pm modi , naidu underlined how peoples trust on the issue was betrayed by the former.
;;0.0;;what did modi say in the same city five years ago?
;;0.0;;the meeting comes days after rajnath singh reviewed the status of 2015 developmental package announced for jammu and kashmir by prime minister modi and directed its expeditious implementation.
;;0.0;;bjp targeted obrien for alleged morphing a picture of prime minister modi and showing it in a press conference before the bengal assembly elections last year.
;;0.4118;;we sought permission from prime minister modi to allow us into kashmir for boosting the morale of jawans and helping them take on stone-pelters, but did not get it.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi also expressed a similar sentiment during his meeting with mehbooba in new delhi on april 24.
;;0.0;;abdul gani dar, the pdps pulwama district president, was shot the same day mufti met modi in the national capital.
;;0.0;;congress president rahul gandhi has hit back at prime minister modi for his comments against his father, former pm rajiv gandhi.
;;0.0;;his sister and congress general secretary priyanka gandhi targeted the pm and said the people of amethi will give a befitting reply to modi.
;;0.4019;;kumar said despite change of guard at the centre, by way of coming into office of the bjp-led modi government, his government had remained unwavering in its support for the gst.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was then the gujarat cm.
;;0.0;;to begin with, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra, who is also in charge of eastern uttar pradesh, turned to the epic mahabharat to hit out at prime minister modi and referred to him as duryodhan and at the same time, she referred to the congress president rahul gandhi as lord krishna.
;;-0.5106;;claiming that the congress had insulted pm modi 51 times, he referred to the pm as arjun and said, priyanka gandhi has compared modiji to duryodhan.
;;-0.4939;;sensing defeat in 2019 general elections, prime minister modi has become blind like dhritarashtra due to his lust for power.
;;0.802;;win over your opponents and focus on winning 2024 election from now on, prime minister modi told bjp legislators in early august, even before the dust had settled on the 2019 race.
;;-0.4215;;3 , the tweet saidin an earlier tweet on thursday, congress had also criticised the implementation of goods and services tax (gst) while referring to prime minister modi lauding one-country, one-tax regime in his independence day speech.
;;0.7579;;the chief minister has already met prime minister modi and union finance minister arun jaitley on august 8 for relaxation in the borrowing limit under the fiscal responsibility and budget management (frbm) act, 2003, so that the state is able to raise a rs 10,000-crore loan to provide relief to at least the 10.
;;0.0;;on july 12, the sc was told by punjabs lawyer ak ganguly during a hearing that prime minister modi will meet chief ministers of punjab and haryana to iron our differences.
;;0.4019;;read full story hereprime minister modi to turn 69 tomorrow: a look at his many firstsprime minister modi will turn 69 on tuesday and the bharatiya janata party has kicked off a seva saptah (service week) to mark his birthday celebrations.
;;0.3182;;turkish president recep tayyip erdogan arrived in new delhi on sunday and will hold wide-ranging talks with prime minister modi on key bilateral and regional issues, including indias nsg membership bid and ways to strengthen cooperation in counter-terrorism and trade.
;;0.34;;issues relating to regional security, situation in the middle east, particularly syria, are likely to figure during talks between modi and erdogan.
;;0.0;;corruption was rampant in corporations but prime minister modi did not act.
;;0.2023;;in a review meeting with taxmen held last month, prime minister modi underlined the urgent need to take all the necessary steps against all those who were in possession of benami properties.
;;0.0;;rijiju and uks new immigration minister caroline nokes finalised the text of two memoranda of understanding to be signed during the april visit of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;hoardings projecting prime minister modi as modern day dhritarashtra have been put up in kanpur wherein congress has targeted the bjp government at the centre on its third anniversary.
;;0.8591;;the modi government, before coming to power had made a lot of poll promises but even after the passing of three years, the party is tricking the people through clever talks and jumlas.
;;-0.3818;;indiaupdated: sep 12, 2019 21:31 istprime minister modi on thursday said his government has intensified its fight against corruption and started sending those who had looted people behind bars.
;;0.128;;modi launched pradhan mantri kisaan maan dhan yojana and pradhan mantri laghu baipari yoajna in ranchi, besides inaugurating the legislative assembly building and the multi-modal transit hub at sahibganj.
;;-0.6249;;also watch | some corrupt already in jail, pm modi on his promise to rein in graftwe have made triple talaq a criminal offence, laws related to terrorism have been further strengthened, ladhakh has been granted status of union territory.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi summoned an allegory on sunday to describe the situation in trouble-torn jammu and kashmir, after inaugurating the chenani-nashri all-weather tunnel, the longest in the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi (l), jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti (c) and union transport minister nitin gadkari at a public rally in udhampur, jammu on sunday.
;;0.4019;;modi drove in an open jeep through the all-weather route, which is expected to help trade and tourism in the region.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi inside the chenani-nashri tunnel, in jammu and kashmir on sunday.
;;-0.3875;;for his part, prime minister modi hit out at the pakistani leaders, saying they cant even take care of themselves.
;;-0.2732;;chief minister mehbooba mufti sayeed thanked modi for supporting her government during the difficult times last year, referring to the volatile situation in the valley after the july 8 killing of wani.
;;0.2023;;a top panel of secretaries has told prime minister modi to make public broadcasters doordarshan (dd) and all india radio (air) corporate entities to reduce their dependence on government funds and give them elbow room to take decisions.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi modis latest international itinerary  france, bahrein, the united arab emirates and france again  is a tale of three major international priorities of his government.
;;0.6369;;at the group of seven summit on his return trip to france, modi will get an opportunity to directly make indias case to three leaders of the security councils permanent members plus all the major western governments.
;;0.0772;;modi rightfully has made it a point to shake hands with emmanuel macron whenever he can get a chance.
;;-0.2617;;facing opposition attack over his caste, prime minister modi on sunday said he was born a backward but he doesnt do politics on such lines.
;;-0.5994;;i have seen poverty, felt the pain of it and working tirelessly to eradicate it, he saidthe opposition, led by bahujan samaj party chief mayawati, has been targeting modi over his caste status.
;;0.2023;;indiaupdated: aug 13, 2019 08:50 istcongress in tamil nadu on monday took potshots at top film star rajinikanth for likening prime minister modi and home minister amit shah duo to lord krishna and arjuna and wanted him to read mahabharat properly.
;;0.0;;modi and shah combine are not krishna and arjuna, he said and asked: how can those who snatched away the rights of crores of people could be krishna and arjuna?
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi and shah were like lord krishna and arjuna, he had said.
;;0.8126;;as the results became clear, prime minister modi modis tweeted: grateful to the people of delhi for the faith in bjp.
;;0.0;;it has been proved that only modi can do (reference to bjps campaign, tumse na ho payega).
;;0.5106;;they have reposed trust in the policies of prime minister modi , tiwari said.
;;0.8131;;but despite public criticism of the state government over the tardy pace of restoration, prime minister modi praised chief minister naveen patnaik on monday for the timely evacuation of 1.
;;0.0;;will prime minister modi and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray meet soon?
;;0.0;;state bjp leaders said pm modi is meeting constituents of the national democratic alliance (nda) next week, when he may meet thackeray too.
;;0.0;;read | rbi need not print entire amount of extinguished currencythere were 17,165 million pieces of rs 500 notes and 6,858 million pieces of rs 1,000 notes in circulation on november 8, 2016, the day prime minister modi made the demonetisation announcement.
;;-0.5719;;in lakhimpur, chief minister akhilesh yadav accused prime minister modi of manipulating facts and figures about up.
;;0.0;;deo said the study was representative of the three years of the modi government.
;;0.2732;;while prime minister modi (@narendramodi) increased his own twitter following to 30.
;;0.4019;;the twitter study on the modi government was undertaken in association with medianext, a pune-based firm engaged in media-related activities and presented before select journalists in pune by the firms chairperson anand agashe on the occasion of the companys eighth anniversary.
;;0.0;;for instance, in his rallies prime minister modi talked of kesariya holi and vijay ki holi.
;;0.128;;0 launched by prime minister modi in 2015.
;;0.7184;;soon after assuming office on january 20, president donald trump described india as a true friend of the us and invited prime minister modi to visit the country later this year.
;;-0.4939;;congress strikes back, speaker smilesembroiled in the sand mining controversy, the three-month-old government was able to tackle the opposition by the fiery speech of amrinder singh raja warring, who heaped lavish praise on the cm and mimicked sukhbir, kejriwal and prime minister modi , using drama and substance.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has a well-deserved reputation for throwing up catchy phrases and acronyms, which is why his economic policies have often been loosely branded as modinomics.
;;0.0;;when he came to power, modi did make all the right noises.
;;0.0;;from late 2015, the modi government embarked on a conscious policy shift to focus on large-scale welfarist programmes that would imbue the leadership with a pro-poor image.
;;-0.4215;;perhaps, in 2014-15, modi was, as a first-term prime minister, insecure about his immediate political future.
;;0.0;;in his first term, modi could get away with placing disruptionist politics above rational economics.
;;0.8718;;the global economic tail winds courtesy benign oil prices were firmly with modi and yet, at times he chose knee-jerk adventurism like demonetisation over more urgent reform.
;;-0.4019;;investors still look at the modi government with suspicion, uncertain whether the prime minister will stay the course with consistency in policymaking or invoke his brand of populist nationalism where immediate political calculations can lead to a certain ad-hocism in decision-making at times.
;;0.2732;;that modi is neither a thatcher nor a reagan-style market-driven policy maker is now well established.
;;-0.5859;;rao, as the leader of a minority government, may have been forced into reform by the unprecedented financial crisis that confronted the indian economy at the time; modi as the supreme leader has no such compulsion apart from a burning desire to cement his place in history.
;;-0.1531;;prime minister modi launched the aspirational district programme (adp) on january 5 last year to rapidly transform underdeveloped districts lagging behind the rest of india on key parameters such as health, nutrition, education, financial inclusion, and basic infrastructure.
;;0.0;;a meeting of the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister modi , decided that central rule, which has been continuing in jammu and kashmir since june 20, 2018, will remain for six months.
;;0.4482;;earlier that week, he had been involved in a spat with the congress unit in kerala unit which alleged that he had praised prime minister modi after he endorsed another congress leader jairam rameshs statement that demonizing modi wont help the opposition.
;;0.0;;china president xi jinping hosted prime minister modi for a two-day informal summit in the central chinese city of wuhan on friday and saturday.
;;-0.1779;;chinese president xi jinping and prime minister modi shake hands as they visit the hubei provincial museum in wuhan, on friday.
;;0.0;;president xi hosted modi at mao zedongs private villa by the east lake.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping pose with folk dancers at the hubei provincial museum, in wuhan on friday.
;;-0.3818;;(pti)the informal talks between modi and xi were restricted to just the two leaders and their interpreters, seen walking behind them.
;;0.0;;(narendra modi/twitter)pm modi and president xi look out on to the east lake in wuhan from a boat.
;;0.0;;xi had hosted modi at the villa.
;;0.4767;;(pib/twitter)indian foreign secretary vijay gokhale said prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping agreed that the informal talks had given them a chance to candidly discuss issues concerning both countries.
;;0.1027;;(pib/twitter)a dancer strikes a pose during a folk dance performance welcoming pm modi and president xi at the hubei provincial museum in wuhan, china, on friday.
;;0.0;;(mea/twitter)pm modi and president xi look at an artefact on display at the hubei provincial museum in wuhan on saturday.
;;0.765;;modi on twitter thanked president xi jinping for the wonderful gesture of personally accompanying him.
;;0.296;;(narendra modi/twitter)at the museum, prime minister modi saw an exhibition of the marquis yi of zeng cultural relics and treasure.
;;0.0;;bjp is banking on prime minister modi modis development agenda.
;;0.2263;;last week, prime minister modi had said both ice-fitted automobiles and evs cab can co-exist, raising hope for some relief to automobile companies grappling with the crisis in the sector amid a slowdown in the economy.
;;0.3612;;he said prime minister modi had assured him full cooperation for the development of the state.
;;0.6808;;i feel proud to have been a chaiwalla like prime minister modi , said singh, who belongs to the sikh malhar community and is delhis first sikh dalit mayor.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on tuesday termed mamata banerjee a speed breaker in the way of west bengals development.
;;0.4019;;if the bharatiya janata party (bjp) returns to power in 2019, lok sabha polls will not be held anymore because they will change the indian constitution, the trinamool congress chief declared at her first election rally of the season on wednesday, even as modi addressed two back-to-back public meetings in north bengal and kolkata.
;;0.0;;watch:pm modi takes a jibe at mamata banerjee, calls her speed breaker didishe referred to modi as expiry babu several times, in a bid to drive home the point that the tenure of the present government has come to an end.
;;0.0;;also read: in bengal, pm modi calls mamata banerjee speed breaker didi, urges people to remove herbanerjee, who was speaking in dinhata in north bengal, began her address when pm modi was halfway through his speech in kolkata.
;;0.0258;;most of her 40-minute speech focused on pm modi , whom she accused of misleading people and using the armed forces for political gains.
;;0.0;;also read:who is modi to ask?
;;0.4767;;for the bjp, a favorable election outcome in the uttar pradesh which gave 73 out of 80 in seats in lok sabha is a must, as it is widely seen as a referendum on the demonetization scheme announced by the prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.3182;;indias reaction to an amazon website selling doormats resembling the countrys flag involved an unprecedented public and private offensive against the us company by prime minister modi modis government, a document shows.
;;0.5423;;last year, modi presented a global leadership award to bezos at a us-india business council summit in washington.
;;0.0;;besides the new memberships, there will be sharp focus at the summit on the possible meetings between prime minister modi with president xi jinping and between modi and pakistan prime minister, nawaz sharif.
;;0.6486;;indiaupdated: aug 07, 2019 13:15 istan emotional prime minister modi led the nation in paying tributes to former union minister sushma swaraj, who had won millions of hearts in the country and abroad by putting people at the core of indian diplomacy.
;;0.3182;;#watch prime minister modi pays last respects to former external affairs minister and bjp leader #sushmaswaraj.
;;0.1531;;a visibly emotional pm modi , who was among the early visitors to her house, was seen consoling her husband swaraj kaushal and daughter bansuri, after paying his tributes.
;;0.0258;;hours before her death, swaraj had hailed pm modi after home minister amit shah got a move to revoke special status for jammu and kashmir cleared by parliament.
;;0.0772;;as foreign minister in the first edition of the modi government, swaraj had engaged harish salve to represent india at the international court of justice to stop kulbhushan jadhavs the death sentence ordered by a pakistani military court.
;;-0.2382;;chief minister pinarayi vijayan, who condemned this new rule as nothing but a ploy to go forward with the rss agenda, will write a letter to prime minister modi , saying the rule is not practical.
;;-0.0772;;samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav attacked prime minister modi for his comments that sp has a tacit understanding with the congress and bsp boss mayawati has been kept in the dark.
;;-0.2732;;akhilesh yadav said that pm modi has changed his tone because the bjp is lagging behind after the first four phases of lok sabha elections.
;;0.4215;;pm modi had also made a reference to congress general secretary priyanka gandhi sharing the stage with sp.
;;-0.2263;;the sting of denials came shortly after the congress, which has accused the ruling bjp of using the balakot air strike for political gains, moved in to cite the letter to launch a fresh round of attacks at prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5267;;modi may try to use soldiers for votes, but its clear that soldiers stand with india and not the bjp.
;;0.0;;156 veterans of the indian armed forces including 8 former chiefs of staff write to the president of india urging him to act against modi for trying to use soldiers for votes, the congress tweeted.
;;-0.34;;the home minister underlined that prime minister modi modis government had adopted zero-tolerance approach to such offences.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister modi , president pranab mukherjee and vice-president m hamid ansari on monday paid tribute to mahatma gandhi on his 69th death anniversary.
;;0.8271;;indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 06:03 istbill gates speaks on why the gates foundation is awarding prime minister modi for improving sanitation at the goalkeepers global goals awards in new york on september 25 and 26.
;;0.6369;;edited excerpts:why is prime minister modi being awarded for sanitation over other initiatives, like universal immunisation and ujjwala (cooking gas for the poor)?
;;0.6808;;prime minister modi launched the fit india campaign to promote physical activity.
;;-0.34;;everyone from prime minister modi to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath has targeted the congress party for being soft on secessionists and terrorists.
;;0.0;;recently, mr modi suggested in a rally in kerala that his government, if re-elected, will give constitutional protection to religious beliefs and traditions.
;;0.5106;;in effect, mr modi is promising a law to overturn the courts verdict.
;;-0.0701;;prime minister modi did not violate the poll code of conduct in his wardha speech in which he had claimed the opposition was scared to contest from seats where the majority community accounted for most of the constituencys population.
;;0.4215;;the election commissions decision came after the congress approached the supreme court complaining that the poll panel had gone soft on pm modi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.6124;;prime minister modi has urged his officials to explore new technologies for ramping up road-building and boosting coal output, as part of the broader objective of pushing economic growth.
;;0.4754;;in his meeting with officials from pmo, niti aayog and infrastructure ministries, modi directed his officials for more efficient and stringent monitoring construction of rural roads and their quality.
;;0.5574;;modi reviewed the progress of important projects in the roads and railways sectors, such as the eastern peripheral expressway, char dham project, quazigund-banihal tunnel, chenab railway bridge and the jiribam-imphal project was also reviewed.
;;0.0;;in case of the aviation sector, officials briefed modi that the regional connectivity scheme will connect 43 destinations, including 31 unserved ones.
;;0.128;;modi stressed on better outcomes for turnaround time of ships and clearance for exim cargo.
;;0.34;;he was later made security adviser by the then gujarat chief minister modi in 2002.
;;0.0;;, the community event to be addressed by prime minister modi here next month has been sold out with over 50,000 people registering for the programme, the organisers said.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi is scheduled to visit the us next month to attend the united nations general assembly on september 27, prior to which he will travel to houston to meet the leading businesses, political and community leaders here in houston, the fourth largest city with a population of over 130,000 indian-americans.
;;0.4588;;on behalf of the hundreds of thousands of indian-americans in texas, and as co-chair of the senate india caucus, i welcome prime minister modi to houston, said us senator john cornyn.
;;0.8016;;the cultural programme will provide a unique view on the indian-american experience, and promises to showcase the diversity of our community while being an engaging and entertaining performance, said jugal malani, chair of the howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;ab volvo chief martin lundstedt called on prime minister modi , the pmo said on monday, weeks after a meeting with heads of two japanese auto giants toyota and suzuki to discussed make in india.
;;0.0;;airbnb ceo brian chesky also met modi on monday, the pmo said in a series of tweets.
;;0.3612;;however, the meeting of lundstedt, the volvo group president and ceo, with modi assumes importance in the wake of the governments focus on make in india to draw heavy doses of foreign direct investment.
;;0.0;;on march 9, toyota president akio toyoda and suzuki chairman osamu suzuki met modi to discuss future technological development and plans for make in india.
;;0.0;;allowed by speaker sumitra mahajan to express his objection, roy said the bill is illegal as the demonetisation statement made by prime minister modi was without any notification and it should have come from the rbi as it is the central bank which promises to pay the bearer of a currency note its real value.
;;0.0;;the only two one-on-one meetings with a leader outside the national capital were with prime minister modi in the cities of xian and wuhan.
;;0.0;;modi will meet trump at a g20 meeting in hamburg on july 7-8, after which he will embark on his maiden two-day visit to israel.
;;-0.1531;;so many election analysts, journalists, and political scientists failed to predict the massive mandate that prime minister modi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) claimed in the 2019 general election.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi urged voters to cast their ballot in record numbers as polling in 59 parliamentary constituencies across eight states in the seventh and the final phase of the lok sabha election began on sunday.
;;0.7579;;i also hope first time voters vote enthusiastically (sic), pm modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is also in the fray in the last lap of the election in the temple town of varanasi.
;;0.0;;chowkidar modi (@narendramodi) may 19, 2019the eight states and one union territory  bihar, chandigarh, himachal pradesh, jharkhand, madhya pradesh, punjab, uttar pradesh and west bengal  are polling in the seventh phase of the election on sunday.
;;-0.7227;;the former minister in a jibe at prime minister modi said, prime minister modi talks of conserving environment, but his actions are of destruction.
;;0.3818;;consumption and investment activity were dampened after prime minister modi on november 8 announced the bold decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.296;;they would share their experiences of working with the up government and the modi government at the centre, said officials.
;;0.4215;;to recall, prime minister modi was in the state capital on july 29, last year, for the first ground-breaking ceremony of the projects approved by the state government during the up investors summit in february 2018.
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi is known better in china than his predecessors, partly due to his weibo account, which was launched in 2015.
;;0.0;;according to many, the deteriorating relation between prime minister modi and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee has also cast its shadow on the movement of bureaucrats between the state and the centre.
;;0.4019;;the names were okayed at a meeting convened by party president amit shah in which prime minister modi was also present, sources in delhi said.
;;-0.7845;;watch | ht worldview: decoding global reaction to modi govts article 370 movebut pakistani leaders tend not to address this issue and seek, instead, to portray themselves as victims of terrorism.
;;-0.1779;;president trump responded with an offer to mediate, falsely claiming, that prime minister modi asked him to, which was swiftly denied by india.
;;0.0;;as polling began at 7am, prime minister modi urged young voters to vote in record numbers.
;;-0.25;;the tie-ups may have underlined the urgency and the desperation in the opposition camp, but they also have the potential to grow into a national alliance against prime minister modi in the 2019 general elections.
;;0.0;;french president emmanuel macron will visit india towards the end of this year for a meeting of the international solar alliance -- an initiative that is the brainchild of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;during two hours of wide-ranging talks with macron at the presidential elysee palace, modi invited the french president to visit india.
;;0.128;;isa was launched on november 30, 2015, as a coalition of solar resource rich countries jointly by prime minister modi and then french president francois hollande in the presence of the then un secretary general ban ki-moon.
;;0.6369;;earlier, macron greeted prime minister modi with a bear hug in the courtyard of the presidential elysee palace when he arrived for the meeting and working lunch.
;;-0.1027;;when prime minister modi stormed to power in 2014, he promised 10 million jobs and a roadmap to curb unemployment in india, especially among the youth.
;;0.34;;clearly, the question of jobs is one of the major challenges confronting the modi government.
;;-0.0258;;indiaupdated: aug 16, 2019 16:39 ista day after prime minister modi highlighted the need to tackle the challenge of population explosion in the country, the shiv sena on friday asked if a section of the muslim community will pay heed to his message.
;;0.6369;;before that, in 2015 the sena had said the increasing population of muslims in the country will cause language and geographical imbalance and asked prime minister modi to ensure that muslims accept the necessity of family planning.
;;0.2732;;to which, he wrote, bannon said, well, we think that (prime minister narendra) modi is indias (former us president ronald) reagan.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had on monday reviewed the flood situation in bihar through a telephonic talk with chief minister nitish kumar and his deputy sushil kumar modi.
;;-0.3182;;my condolences to the families of those who lost their lives, prime minister modi tweeted earlier in the day.
;;0.0;;apart from prime minister modi , at least 15 union ministers, four bjp governors, six chief ministers of bjp-ruled states, their allies and saffron cadres from across the country are also expected for the swearing-in.
;;0.0;;pms route plan yet to be finalisedthe route plan for prime minister modi from amausi airport to the venue is yet to be finalised.
;;0.5873;;a day after prime minister modi formed a panel to examine the issue of holding simultaneous general and state elections  despite disagreement by several opposition parties  kovind said the staggered system of polls hindered the pace and continuity of developmental programmes and said one country, one election was the need of the hour.
;;0.5994;;it covered several aspects, including our nations successes and the challenges that we have to mitigate in the coming years, tweeted modi.
;;-0.128;;congress leader priyanka gandhi vadra monday took a jibe at prime minister modi over his statement about iaf aircrafts evading pakistan radars during the balakot air strike due to the cloudy weather.
;;0.0;;at a roadshow in indores rajwada chowk, the congress leader, reading from a piece of paper, said: during his five-year tenure as the prime minister, modi has only given jumlas (rhetoric) to the people.
;;-0.6486;;the congress leader further said that modi promised a corruption-free government but went ahead and perpetrated a rs 30,000 crore rafale scam.
;;-0.743;;also read: modi attacks rahul gandhi, priyanka calls pm anti-tribaltaking on modi for berating the achievements of former prime ministers jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi, she said modi was like the school student who knowing that he would lose the race, deliberately falls and starts blaming others for it.
;;-0.6402;;modi is a cowardly politician as he does not have the courage to listen to the voice of the public, she claimed.
;;0.3818;;speaking on the occasion, matinee idol rajinikanth eulogised prime minister modi and home minister amit shah, equating the duo to lord krishna and arjuna for the centres bold move on kashmir.
;;-0.0258;;earlier on sunday, all speakers coming on stage to address the large gathering came out in support of sombir, who was slapped with a sedition case over his beheading remark against prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;stating that prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah have set up a goal of setting up at least six aiims in uttar pradesh, the chief minister said he would ask the medical education minister ashutosh tandon to prepare a proposal for kgmu and table the same in the assembly.
;;0.0516;;in just three years of governance, prime minister modi and bjp leaders have distorted history by rewriting textbooks and deleting the contributions of leaders who worked the freedom struggle, and replacing them with leaders who have nothing to with it, he said.
;;0.25;;with political parties in tamil nadu up in arms, accusing the aiadmk government of being silent, eps has dispatched a semi official letter to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0772;;patna rashtriya janata dal (rjd) president lalu prasad has hit out at prime minister modi for his remark at an election rally in uttar pradesh that there should be no discrimination in supply of electricity during the festivals of eid and diwali.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi condoled his demise, saying gill will be remembered for his service to the nation in the fields of policing and security.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi on monday accused non-bharatiya janata party (bjp) parties of not developing bundelkhand region in uttar pradesh and said all of them were two sides of the same coin.
;;0.3612;;read: up election rallies live: modi , akhilesh yadav, rahul gandhi campaign in statethe prime minister promised to develop the area and said: if we come to power, we will set up a bundelkhand development board.
;;0.4215;;he also claimed that prime minister modi had fooled the people of patna and urged the masses to support his party candidate.
;;0.4215;;riding high on prime minister modi modis image, bjp is hoping to reap dividend in the hill areas.
;;0.0;;canadian prime minister justin trudeau, known for his witty repartees, told an american audience in washington that he has more sikhs in his cabinet than prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;in contrast, there are two sikh cabinet ministers in the modi government -- maneka gandhi, who is a sikh by birth, and harsimrat kaur badal -- the food processing minister.
;;-0.8316;;days after 49 celebrities wrote to prime minister modi expressing concern over mob killings, a counter-letter by 61 eminent personalities questions the selective outrage.
;;-0.7717;;twitter.com/fdeac3kcri  ani (@ani) july 26, 2019on wednesday, expressing concern over instances of mob violence in the country, 49 intellectuals, artists and professionals had written an open letter to pm modi asking him to institute exemplary punishment for the perpetrators of such crimes.
;;0.4404;;designer althea krishna paid an ode to demonetisation through her latest collection and says she wants to gift a piece from her line to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4939;;i want to gift a piece from my collection to our prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.7003;;family members of the officer had earlier shot off a letter to prime minister modi demanding a cbi probe into his death.
;;0.5719;;the 2017 uk-india year of culture, announced during prime minister modi modis visit to the uk in november 2015, is aimed at celebrating the deep cultural ties and the 70th anniversary of indias independence through a year-long programme of events and exhibitions in india and the uk.
;;-0.3612;;on lines of swachh bharat mission of prime minister modi , the chief minister said that, up lags behind other states as far as cleanliness is concerned.
;;-0.7906;;of late, prime minister modi , during his election rallies, has been mentioning the recent air strikes on a jaish-e-mohammad camp at balakot in pakistan after the february 14 pulwama suicide bombing.
;;-0.2732;;read more: gurgaon turns fortress ahead of pm modi modis visit todaythe matter came to light after tl satyaprakash, former mcg commissioner, visited the site in the second week of january and found the paver tiles missing.
;;0.0;;modi had come to gurgaon on november 1 as the chief guest in the golden jubilee celebrations held at tau devi lal stadium to mark 50 years of the formation of haryana.
;;-0.7717;;prime minister modi on friday met un secretary general antonio guterres here on the sidelines of an economic summit and stressed on multilateralism to address global challenges such as terrorism.
;;0.34;;earlier, engaging in bilateral diplomacy on the sidelines of the st petersburg international economic forum (spief), modi met austrian chancellor christian kern.
;;0.9136;;earlier today, modi attended the spief where he made a strong pitch to global businesses for investing in india, saying its market of 120 crore people provides vast opportunities from agriculture to defense, while being protected by political stability and a vibrant judicial system.
;;0.3612;;chairman of the parliaments audit watchdog public accounts committee (pac)  which is reviewing demonetisation  on monday said that prime minister modi can be called before the panel if all members agree.
;;-0.2023;;the bharatiya janata partys spectacular victory in uttar pradesh makes prime minister modi appear unstoppable in his quest for a second term in 2019.
;;0.8689;;the bjps winning streak through the state and local body polls held since modi stormed to power in the national election of 2014 demonstrates how the partys well-oiled election machine has gone from strength to strength.
;;0.7184;;it draws its strength from the formidable triad of a popular leader in modi , the state apparatus and an expansive network of volunteers from the bjps ideological fountainhead, the rss.
;;-0.296;;so, what could possibly stop modi from returning to power in 2019?
;;0.6249;;most hindus voted for the bjp because they still see in modi a leader who can help them realise their aspirations, even though his governments policies have yet to bring tangible gains.
;;0.0;;that narrative is reinforced again and again by modi himself, via 24x7 news channels, social media and every mass-contact platform available with the government.
;;0.0;;but modi knows the imponderables that will come in his way, between now and 2019.
;;0.5423;;in other words, modi and the bjp can do pretty much what they want to do.
;;-0.2449;;modi knows his governments policies have so far failed to reverse the trend of jobless growth.
;;0.6369;;modi knows he has yet to come good on his promise of achhe din.
;;-0.1911;;the finance bill is classified as a money bill, which does not require bicameral approval and can be approved by the lok sabha alone where prime minister modi modis bjp has a majority.
;;0.0;;the 2017 uk-india year of culture was announced during prime minister modi modis visit to the uk in november 2015 as a celebration of the deep cultural ties between india and the uk and the 70th anniversary of indias independence through a year-long programme of events and exhibitions in india and the uk.
;;0.1027;;during prime minister modi modis visit to russia in june, both countries had decided to upgrade and intensify defence cooperation through joint manufacture, co-production and co-development of key military hardware and equipment.
;;0.4404;;he had thanked prime minister modi for the scheme during a meeting in new delhi.
;;-0.128;;haryana minister anil vij said on saturday that prime minister modi is a better brand name than mahatma gandhi amid a raging controversy over modis photograph replacing that of the father of the nation in the 2017 calendar published by the khadi village industries commission (kvic).
;;0.4404;;modi is a better brand name, the bjp leader said.
;;0.25;;read | is modi khadis new face or systematically easing out gandhi?
;;-0.656;;read | wont be surprised if modi replaces gandhi on currency notes: aapunder fire from the opposition and with no defence from his own party, vij sought to control the damage.
;;0.0258;;the fallout of the us withdrawal from afghanistan will be a subject of discussion when prime minister modi meets us president donald trump next month, the officials added.
;;-0.6124;;the congress had called her patriot remark an insult to the country and demanded an apology from prime minister modi and bjp boss amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced the pm crop insurance scheme, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, in 2015.
;;0.0;;ahead of the mishrana parva meet, unknown people vandalised posters and hoardings of prime minister modi and dhramendra pradhan along the main road of this district headquarters town.
;;0.7845;;after a gap of 34 years, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) regained control of the shimla municipal corporation and a delegation of newly elected party councillors led by mayor kusum sadret and deputy mayor rakesh kumar went to meet prime minister modi to request him to sanction the world bank-aided rs 720-crore greater shimla water and sewerage circle scheme.
;;0.5719;;and it turned out a happy moment for ganesh as modi recalled the time he spent in shimla and inquired about the wellbeing of his wife and daughters.
;;0.5859;;he had launched several development projects in the constituency, prime minister modi had appreciated his endeavour for development in the backward area of the state, the bjp leader said.
;;0.8658;;other-sportsupdated: aug 28, 2019 09:49 istprime minister modi on wednesday congratulated the indian para badminton team for a remarkable performance at the bwf world championship, saying their performance is motivating.
;;0.5574;;each of these players is remarkable, tweeted modi modi.
;;0.0;;shivpur assembly segment is part of the chandauli lok sabha constituency that borders prime minister modi modis varanasi lok sabha constituency.
;;0.25;;i am confident about that because prime minister modi has repeatedly spoken about the need to phase out all obsolete laws.
;;0.4019;;indiaupdated: aug 18, 2019 12:52 istformer bjp leader shatrughan sinha who had been severely critical of prime minister modi on twitter in the past, changed gears on sunday to praise on him for his courageous, well-researched and thought-provoking independence day speech.
;;-0.6031;;shatrughan sinha (@shatrugansinha) august 18, 2019in his speech, modi had mentioned three key challenges for the country: population explosion, plastic pollution and not to regard wealth creators with suspicion.
;;0.0;;singh, however, said it was the personal evaluation of ram madhav and that nda will form government under modi modi.
;;0.0;;the larger issue is to make modi prime minister again, said a senior jd (u) leader.
;;0.5267;;bjp is committed to development of bihar and in last five years, prime minister modi has done a lot for all-round development of the state and given huge amount to all sectors, said bjps spokesperson nikhil anand.
;;0.2023;;chief minister nitish kumar has repeatedly demanded special status for bihar and has also appealed directly to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the bjp said it was just another way of the chief minister to oppose union government and prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.7964;;a day after prime minister modi accused the late rajiv gandhi of misusing ins viraat as his personal taxi during a vacation to lakshadweep and hosting foreigners on board in 1987, the then skipper of the aircraft carrier on thursday contradicted the claim stressing that the former pm embarked the vessel in his official capacity and there were no foreign nationals aboard.
;;-0.5859;;reacting to the viraat row, congress leader abhishek singhvi said this kind of disinformation was not new and modi and his government hold a guinness record on lies and propaganda.
;;-0.1361;;the public accounts committee (pac) of parliament can call prime minister modi on the issue of demonetisation if it is not satisfied with the answers given by top finance ministry officials and the rbi governor urjit patel.
;;-0.3612;;he argued that the partys 2014 debacle should not be taken into consideration as the vote was for prime minister modi and not even for the bjp.
;;0.1027;;fewer foreign exhibitors will take part in defexpo-2018 and china has not responded to an invitation to the defence ministrys military systems exhibition that will be inaugurated by prime minister modi in chennai on april 12, a senior government official said on wednesday.
;;0.3818;;the whip comes after prime minister modi on tuesday pulled up his partys members of parliament, who had been skipping sittings or its debates, delivering a clear message that the bjp was keeping a close watch on their attendance in the house and its many panels.
;;0.0;;modi also talked about lax attendance by linking it to promotions.
;;0.4404;;the gsat-9, which indias prime minister modi described as a priceless gift to our saarc neighbours in his mann ki baat on april 30, will piggyback on the indian space research organisations (isro) geosynchronous satellite launch vehicle (gslv-09).
;;0.4404;;the ndas victory, propelled by prime minister modi modis incomparable popularity, was matched only in scale by the congress-led united progressive alliance (upa)s humbling defeat.
;;0.5719;;election analysts termed the 2014 general election a black swan election, a perfect storm of anti-incumbency and economic malaise, stoked by a larger-than-life modi.
;;0.0;;in 2014, modi transformed a de jure parliamentary system into a de facto presidential one by portraying himself as the sole national leader who could fix indias infirmities at home and abroad.
;;0.0;;above all, modi proclaimed, a vote for the bjp is a vote for me.
;;0.0;;for the bjp, this election was about modi versus a fill-in-the-blanks answer.
;;-0.3412;;the opposition gave voters neither a compelling enough vision for the future nor a leader that could rival modi.
;;-0.1695;;having stumbled on both counts, we should not be too surprised that modi cruised to victory.
;;-0.3291;;so far, the modi government has only partially delivered on its pledges to lift economic fortunes, impressively building assets like roads and toilets but failing to raise incomes.
;;0.3818;;after five years, modi has enjoyed the benefit of the doubt while blame for the economy has fallen on his party, the bureaucracy or the opposition.
;;0.7269;;having remade the party in his image and centralised all authority within it, modi owns this historic triumph.
;;-0.0772;;speaking at her first election rally in two years, upa chairperson sonia gandhi on tuesday accused prime minister modi of intolerance and discriminating against congress-ruled karnataka, questioning his promise of sabka saath, sabka vikas.
;;0.4019;;with two days left for campaigning, the former congress president targeted modi , who is leading the bharatiya janata party (bjp)s charge in the southern state that votes for a new assembly on may 12.
;;0.0;;the two squared off at separate rallies in vijayapura in north karnataka as modi criss-crossed the state to address three public meetings during the day.
;;0.7037;;modi might be a good speaker but speeches cant fight hunger, she said.
;;-0.296;;gandhi accused the modi government of discriminating against our government in karnataka.
;;-0.5106;;she said the modi government had failed farmers, youth and the middle class.
;;-0.7964;;modi kept up the offensive, hitting out at irrigation minister mb patil, medical education minister sharan prakash patil and mining minister vinay kulkarni for trying to divide a sect and divert attention from the states drought, farm crisis and alleged mining mafia.
;;-0.5106;;on november 8, prime minister modi scrapped 500-and 1,000-rupee banknotes as part of a crackdown on tax dodgers and counterfeiters, leaving companies, farmers and households all in pain.
;;0.5574;;presenting hits vision document to prime minister modi on sunday, the niti aayog projected an annual average growth of 8  with faster reforms.
;;0.0;;the new york timesthe nyts ellen barry called adityanaths appointment a turning point for the modi government.
;;-0.5106;;the choice of yogi adityanath  who has been repeatedly accused of stirring anti-muslim sentiments  to lead uttar pradesh, came as a shock to many political observers here, who have become accustomed to the carefully moderated public positions of prime minister modi , in line with his projected image as a pro-development leader and global statesman, says the piece.
;;0.5106;;the story quotes journalist shekhar gupta, who says that with the appointment, modi is unveiling a vision of benign majoritarianism.
;;0.8807;;on saturday, in a surprise move, prime minister modi modi janata party chose him to lead uttar pradesh, which analysts see as a clear signal that modi is building on his partys recent win in the states elections and moving to consolidate his hindu base in a run-up to the 2019 general election.
;;0.2263;;the piece goes on to say: the rise of the hindu priest-turned-politician in uttar pradesh, a state prone to sectarian strife, surprised many after modi made his development agenda the focus of his campaign in the region, which is traditionally fractured along caste and religious lines.
;;-0.0516;;read full story hereamarinder singh likely to meet pm modi , arun jaitley; urge them to raise punjabs borrowing limitpunjab chief minister amarinder singh is likely to meet prime minister modi and finance minister arun jaitley in new delhi and urge them to increase the states borrowing limit to enable it to implement the farm debt waiver scheme, officials said on sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi presented on friday his governments three-year report card, listing several achievements on the social and economic fronts, including transformation of the countrys agriculture sector, which he said will double farmers income by 2022.
;;0.0;;modi inaugurated the countrys longest bridge over the lohit, a tributary of the brahmaputra, at the eastern end of assam, besides laying the foundation stone of an agriculture research institute and the all india institute of medical sciences.
;;0.0;;read| crpf jawan claims service conditions disparity in video, asks pm modi to intervenethe constable who addressed his recorded message to prime minister modi said he is a policeman of the 2011 batch.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister modi expressed grief on twitter.
;;0.4215;;modi also tweeted a link to a documentary film on kishori amonkar, bhinna shadja, with the caption, the works of kishori amonkar will always remain popular among people for years to come.
;;0.4404;;soon after he got a congress ticket, singhs father, in a public statement, said, i have faith in prime minister modi modis public welfare schemes and am inspired with the way the pm is working for the poor.
;;0.3566;;the measures are likely to provide relief to farmers, especially those engaged in floriculture and the cultivation of vegetables and plantations, who have had to face disruptions in the supply chain and depressed prices for their produce following prime minister modi modis 8 november surprise announcement to withdraw high-value banknotes.
;;0.34;;karunanayake  who is in india on a two-day visit  met prime minister modi , external affairs minister sushma swaraj and national security advisor ajit doval.
;;0.5719;;former lawmaker from keralas kannur ap abdullakutty, who was expelled from the congress for praising prime minister modi for his partys massive victory in the lok sabha election, has said he will formally join the bjp in a couple of days.
;;0.8519;;the congress threw him out earlier in june after he said in a facebook post that prime minister modi won the lok sabha polls handsomely for the second time because he inculcated enough gandhian values in governance.
;;0.4019;;as he started airing his opinions publicly, the left party had to censure him on many occasions and the last nail came after he lauded the development model of modi when he was gujarat chief minister after visiting the western state.
;;0.0;;mumbaiupdated: sep 11, 2019 03:28 isteven as prime minister modi laid the foundation stone for metro bhavan during his visit to the city last week, 51,655 mumbaiites have objected to its construction at aarey colony in goregaon.
;;0.0;;batting for simultaneous elections to the state assemblies and parliament, prime minister modi had in 2016 indicated that frequent implementation of the model code of conduct stalls government work.
;;-0.4767;;ljp mp from munger, chirag paswan, who got a pat from prime minister modi for showing his parliamentary skills, too, joined the issue on wednesday and demanded tejashwis resignation from he lop post.
;;0.0;;even deputy chief minister modi had said in the house the other day that in his political career of 30 years, he had not come across an opposition leader who remained absent for such a long period.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is bjp candidate from varanasi parliamentary seat where voting will be held on may 19.
;;-0.498;;breaking his silence, mohammed mohsin, the ias officer who was suspended by the election commission of india (eci) on april 16 for checking the helicopter in which prime minister modi was travelling, said he had not violated any rules and was unaware of the charges against him.
;;0.34;;the president was welcomed by prime minister modi and the chiefs of the three wings of armed forces.
;;-0.34;;read the story herepm modi meets xi jinping ahead of sco summitamid tense diplomatic relations, prime minister modi met chinas president xi jinping ahead of the start of the sco summit at astana in kazakhstan on friday.
;;-0.2023;;prime minister modi and president donald trump friday aired their concerns over the bilateral trade disputes and agreed for an early meeting of their commerce ministers to sort out the issues, a day after the us leader demanded withdrawal of the very high tariffs levied by india on american goods.
;;0.7783;;we discussed ways to leverage the power of technology, improve defence and security ties as well as issues relating to trade, prime minister modi tweeted after his meeting with president trump.
;;0.7783;;also read: pm modi puts forward five-point approach to tackle challenges like unilateralism, protectionismpresident trump welcomed this idea, he said, noting that both us trade representative robert lighthizer and the treasury secretary steven mnuchin were in the room when the two top leaders met.
;;0.0;;a high-powered panel headed by prime minister modi is set to meet on monday to shortlist police officers for the post of the full-time director of the central bureau of investigation.
;;0.0;;asthana, who supervised the initial investigation into the godhra train burning incident when he was inspector general of police, vadodara range, is said to be close to both pm modi and bjp chief amit shah, both from gujarat.
;;0.6249;;prime minister modi is advising partymen to stay away from promoting dynastic politics whereas his own partys list of candidates for uttarakhand seems to promote the malaise, rawat told reporters here.
;;-0.4019;;the 77-year-old ex-soldier has used the heating up of indo-pak tensions to be one up on prime minister modi in pakistan-bashing.
;;-0.9136;;read: ramjas clash: crime branch to probe violence on du campus, 3 cops suspendedhe appealed to prime minister modi to hold police accountable for the february 22 violence.
;;0.4767;;lucknow is the lok sabha constituency of union home minister rajnath singh, rae bareli the bastion of the gandhis, varanasi takes pride in sending prime minister modi to the lok sabha, while azamgarh is represented by mulayam singh yadav, up strongman and father of chief minister akhilesh yadav.
;;0.0;;modi and shah will not make a difference.
;;0.7845;;thirteen chief ministers of bharatiya janata party-ruled states took a 12-point test before prime minister modi , who pitched for a fresh push to welfare schemes and better coordination between the party and its government on sunday.
;;0.0;;the exercise, just a month before the third anniversary of the modi government, is seen as preparation for the next general election in 2019.
;;-0.1027;;modi is cautious about election victories leading to complacency.
;;0.0;;sources said modi sought to know from the chief minister if their governments were coordinating with the prime ministers office through its resident commissioners here on development projects.
;;0.6486;;modi is walking extra mile to ensure that each and every person in the party and the government were working in the same direction to achieve a common goal, another bjp leader said.
;;0.3818;;states participation in pragati  an initiative by modi to resolve pending projects  and bjp governments pro-poor efforts were also discussed at the meeting.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister modi had last year questioned the long vacation.
;;0.25;;our aim is to realise the dream of prime minister modi to build a new india.
;;0.0;;women and children welfare continues to be a key thrust area of the modi government.
;;0.4588;;the leg up to the maternity benefit scheme follows the announcement made by prime minister modi on december 31 to transfer rs 6,000 crore to the bank accounts of pregnant women across 650 districts of india.
;;0.4927;;in a strategic shift, indias most influential government think-tank, headed by prime minister modi , unveiled a policy blueprint last month aimed at electrifying all vehicles in the country by 2032.
;;0.1045;;terming the nda governments performance as historic, memorable and untarnished by any kind of scam or corruption, the bjp claimed on friday that the country recorded all-round progress under prime minister modi modis leadership in the past three years.
;;0.0;;not a single case of corruption was reported against the modi government during the past three years unlike the previous congress regime whose ministers would go to jail almost every other day, he claimed.
;;0.5719;;after bjp stalwart atal bihari vajpayee, modi is the only prime minister who won the hearts of all communities, castes and creed, bhatt said.
;;0.296;;giving an example, he said the modi government extended the maternity leave for women up to six months.
;;0.0;;he said beti bachao, beti padhao, a scheme envisioned by modi , helped balance a skewed birth rate against female babies.
;;0.0;;the national aviators guild (nag), which represents pilots of the grounded carrier jet airways, saturday requested prime minister modi to direct the airlines lender state bank of india to release one months salary of all the employees.
;;-0.5574;;in one of his sharpest attacks on prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi called him a 56-inch boxer who was elected to fight the countrys problems but he instead began delivering punches to the countrys farmers and traders in the form of schemes such as goods and services tax (gst) and demonetisation.
;;0.6124;;slamming pm modi for allegedly promising rs 15 lakh to every citizen, rahul said the promise was not feasible at all for the country.
;;0.0;;addressing a press briefing in new delhi on monday, swaraj said that prime minister modi addressed lakhs of indians in janakpur during his visit there earlier this month.
;;-0.2732;;she said no pm before modi had tried to reach out to the indian diaspora on such a large scale.
;;0.1027;;however, she later apologised after it was pointed out that modi addressed nepali people in janakpur and not indians.
;;-0.2732;;swaraj had said that no prime minister before modi had tried to reach out to the indian diaspora on such a large scale.
;;0.1027;;narendra modi is the first prime minister of the country who has from americas madison square to janakpur (in nepal) addressed lakhs of indians and reached out to them.
;;-0.296;;regrettable that indias external affairs minister sushma swaraj described janakpurs population that modi greeted as indians.
;;0.5423;;for sure, jallikattu will be held in tamil nadu, he promised on friday after lobbying with the centre for an ordinance, including a meeting with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0516;;indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 18:40 istat her first meeting with prime minister modi in two years, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on wednesday invited pm modi to inaugurate the worlds second largest coal block in west bengal and asked him fast-track approval to the states request to change its name to bangla.
;;-0.4404;;banerjee told reporters that she had requested prime minister modi to launch the deocha pachami coal block in birbhum district, which the state insists, has the potential to generate nearly one lakh jobs.
;;0.34;;we want to change state of name to bangla and i have asked pm modi for his suggestions as well, she said.
;;0.4019;;weeks after prime minister modi modis informal summit with president xi jinping in the chinese city of wuhan to reset bilateral relations, the two countries are attempting to boost tourism and cultural tieson may 9, tourism minister kj alphons attended a conference on tourism in wuhan for delegates to the shanghai cooperation organization (sco), which also groups china, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, russia, tajikistan, uzbekistan and pakistan.
;;0.0;;modi and xi met in late april for the informal summit aimed at resetting bilateral relations marred by a 73-day military standoff at the india-china-bhutan trijunction in doklam.
;;0.0;;, after prime minister modi highlighted the issue in his independence day speech.
;;0.0387;;acharyulu was recently divested of the charge of hrd ministry but retained cbse by chief information commission rk mathur barely few days after he ordered inspection of ba records of delhi university pertaining to 1978, the year in which prime minister modi passed out.
;;0.3182;;on january 8, it was reported that acharyulu had directed the delhi university to allow inspection of records of students who had passed ba course in 1978, the year in which prime minister modi , according to the university, had also cleared the examination.
;;0.7269;;we have even won applauds from prime minister modi himself for raising the issue of triple talaq, she said.
;;0.0516;;indias economic growth slipped to a six-year low of 5  in the april-june quarter and prime minister modi , who was re-elected to a second term in a landslide in may, is under pressure to provide a stimulus for an economy that is seriously undershooting the growth rate needed to generate enough jobs for the millions of young indians entering the labour market every month.
;;0.296;;educationupdated: sep 06, 2019 15:43 istprime minister modi on friday urged people to watch the final descent of chandrayaan-2 on the moon surface and share their photos on the social media.
;;0.0;;i will re-tweet some of them too, modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;officials said modi will witness the final descent of chandrayaan-2 on the lunar south pole from satellite control centre (scc), isro telemetry, tracking and command network (istrac).
;;0.4767;;he said he was joining the bjp without any conditions as he was impressed with the policies of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7003;;prime minister modi modis commitment -- sabka saath sabka vikas -- policies have inspired me, he said at a press conference on monday at the state bjps headquarters on pandit pant marg.
;;0.3818;;the gram in kota will be a step to further the commitment of prime minister modi for doubling the agricultural income of farmers by 2022, he said.
;;0.2263;;at least three union ministers ht spoke to said mukherjees relationship with prime minister modi remained warm.
;;-0.628;;9) opinion: modi must begin talks in kashmir before it is too latethings in the valley have not been this bad in two decades.
;;0.0;;he will be meeting prime minister modi on monday.
;;0.6757;;finance minister arun jaitley, briefing the media after the cabinet meet chaired by prime minister modi , said an important decision had been taken related to the banking sector, but details could be made public only after the presidents approval of the proposal.
;;0.7269;;prime minister modi on thursday led bharatiya janata party (bjp) to a thumping victory for a second term in office, winning an absolute majority and on course to touch the 300-seat mark in the 543-member lok sabha.
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
;;0.6486;;prime minister modi on monday took a jibe at the congress, saying when the misdeeds of the grand old party are questioned, they reply back saying hua toh hua (so what, if it happened).
;;-0.5106;;modi was referring to congress leader sam pitrodas hua toh hua remark on 1984 anti-sikh riots.
;;0.6486;;union law and justice, electronics and information technology minister ravi shankar prasad said that the people of his constituency, patna sahib, had given prime minister modi a decisive mandate that was in sync with the wave blowing across the state and the country.
;;0.836;;he said, on one hand, there was hope that the country would progress and flourish under pm modi modis leadership.
;;0.5267;;the minister added, the people of my constituency, like [in] the rest of the state and the country, always wanted modi to return to power and have given the bjp and the nda a decisive mandate.
;;0.128;;soon after the launch of the beti bachao beti padhao campaign by prime minister modi in 2015, the state government launched a multi-pronged drive to check the skewed sex ratio and found that apart from qualified radiologists and doctors, there was a nexus in the state comprising quacks, untrained health workers, laboratory or x-ray technicians or operation theatre assistants.
;;0.2732;;on the bjp doing well in the north east, he said modi has done tremendous development in the region.
;;0.7845;;rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on wednesday termed the budget 2017 as a vision of prime minister modi and agenda of finance minister arun jaitley to transform, energise and clean india.
;;0.296;;sharad pawar, in his speech after being appointed national president, taunted prime minister modi for his silence on vital issues.
;;0.0;;modi keeps quiet when he is supposed to react.
;;-0.2382;;in the past, he would criticise manmohan singh for not speaking much, but here modi does not speak when it is required, said pawar.
;;0.0;;the farmers had earlier conducting a flogging where a man dressed as prime minister modi whipped them.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister modi on sunday condemned the murder of a bjp leader in anantnag district of jammu and kashmir .
;;0.0258;;prime minister modi today arrived in russias black sea coastal city sochi for an informal summit with president vladimir putin that will focus on pressing global and regional issues, including impact of the us withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal.
;;0.5719;;it is always a pleasure to meet him, modi had tweeted yesterday.
;;0.8779;;am confident the talks with president putin will further strengthen the special and privileged strategic partnership between india and russia, modi had tweeted.
;;-0.1531;;the sources said possible impact of the us sanctions against russia under countering americas adversaries through sanctions act (caatsa) on indo-russia defence cooperation may also figure during the talks between modi and putin.
;;-0.5423;;the sources said the large part of the informal meeting between modi and putin will be one-to-one and there may be limited segment for restricted delegation level discussions.
;;0.0;;they said president putin will to also host a lunch for modi.
;;0.6486;;sources said there could be more such informal summits between modi and other world leaders in the coming months as india eyes to play an important role in global power dynamics.
;;0.0;;at the niti aayogs governing council meetingon june 15, prime minister modi presented an ambitious target for indias gross domestic product  $5 trillion by 2024, and a doubling of farmers income.
;;0.0;;i list below five key priorities for the modi 2.
;;0.4939;;75 lakh crore outstanding liabilities of the state was not even on the agenda of chief minister captain amarinder singh at his maiden meetings with prime minister modi and union finance minister arun jaitley in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.3612;;later, in a one-to-one meeting with modi , the cm sought a debt waiver for punjabs farmers, citing spate in farmer suicides in the recent years.
;;0.0;;we respect the verdict at national level and urge prime minister modi not to indulge in hate politics.
;;0.0;;people wanted modi at the centre and arvind kejriwal as their chief minister in delhi.
;;0.4019;;the trinamool complained about bjp candidates allegedly breaking the model code of conduct and about the saffron party indulging in horse trading, after prime minister modi said 40 lawmakers of the regional party were in touch with him.
;;-0.8968;;indiaupdated: aug 20, 2019 08:41 istagainst the backdrop of the pakistani leaderships belligerent claims that indias change of the status of jammu and kashmir could lead to war, prime minister modi told us president donald trump on monday that extreme rhetoric and incitement to anti-india violence wasnt conducive to peace.
;;0.0;;modi made the remarks during a 30-minute phone conversation with trump, according to an indian readout.
;;-0.705;;watch | pakistan plans to keep kashmir boiling till imran khans unga speechwithout referring to pakistan and its leadership and the kashmir issue, the external affairs ministrys readout of the phone conversation quoted modi as saying, in the context of the regional situation, that extreme rhetoric and incitement to anti-india violence by certain leaders in the region was not conducive to peace.
;;-0.7269;;modi also highlighted the importance of creating an environment free from terror and violence and eschewing cross-border terrorism without exception.
;;0.0;;the phone conversation was the first contact between modi and trump since the us president triggered a storm by offering, during a july 22 meeting with khan, to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;0.7964;;modi recalled his meeting with trump on the margins of the g-20 summit in osaka in june and expressed the hope that the commerce minister of india and the us trade representative would meet at an early date to discuss bilateral trade prospects for mutual benefit.
;;0.0;;people familiar with developments said there is a possibility that modi and trump could meet on the margins of the g-7 summit at biarritz during august 25-26.
;;0.4019;;9:28pm: pm modi congratulates indians on passage of gst bill, says new year, new law, new india8:54 pm: lok sabha approves gst compensation bill and ut-gst bill.
;;0.0;;we must aim at the third spot, as outlined by pm modi.
;;0.5719;;we will have to honour this federal institution: jaitley12:35 pm: prime minister modi is present in lok sabha.
;;0.8074;;lucknowupdated: aug 30, 2019 12:40 istuttar pradeshs new sports minister upendra tiwari made an interesting resolve on thursday, the day prime minister modi launched the fit india movement.
;;0.3919;;with both pm modi and cm yogi adityanath ji leading the way in terms of not just leadership but fitness too, we have such high yardsticks to keep pace with, he says.
;;0.8402;;pms fit india campaign of course means a lot for i like to remain in shape, says singh who had previously accepted the fitness challenge that pm modi had launched.
;;0.0;;the clearance for purchase of voter-verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) machines was given during a meeting of the cabinet chaired by prime minister modi after a brief discussion.
;;-0.3818;;sources say prime minister modi , who was present at the meeting convened by bjp national president amit shah on wednesday evening, insisted on bringing in new faces in place of the big faces, to fight out anti-incumbency of ten years of the sad-bjp government in punjab.
;;0.0;;on february 25 and would be in place till modi leaves the state capital here.
;;0.6124;;the ruling congress party has demanded that during his visit, modi should spell out the details of the framework agreement that new delhi had signed with the nationalist socialist council of nagaland isak-muivah (nscn-im) in 2015.
;;-0.6124;;on saturday night, gandhi said that some reports had come in from jammu and kashmir about the violence there and prime minister modi must assuage concerns over the matter in a transparent manner.
;;0.8885;;prime minister modi and president xi jinping on saturday agreed on steps aimed at strengthening communications and building trust between the militaries of india and china, a move aimed at effectively managing differences on the border and averting a doklam-like stand-off.
;;0.0;;modi and xi met six times since friday afternoon, four of which were one-on-one sessions, with officials describing it as a meeting of equals.
;;0.8402;;modi and xi agreed on the need to strengthen strategic communication through greater consultation on all matters of common interest.
;;0.8271;;according to the indian statement, modi and xi agreed on building an open, multi-polar and participatory global economic order and said peaceful and stable india-china ties will be positive for stability amid global uncertainties.
;;-0.5106;;taking a swipe at prime minister modi for his remark that poverty was his caste, mayawati said, the pm has now started harping on his caste.
;;0.0;;after ousting modi from power, we will not sit quiet till we uproot the yogi government and send the baba back to (gorakhpur) mutt.
;;0.0516;;the bsp chief accused modi of politicising the sacrifices of jawans for electoral gains.
;;0.8316;;he went on to say that prime minister modi had last year spoken harsh words for cow vigilantes but actions on the ground seem to suggest that bjp workers have been given a free hand.
;;0.7475;;from the moment president pranab mukherjee arrived in a horse drawn carriage to when bagpipe yielding, moon walking and drumming military bands took centre stage, to when prime minister modi created a furore by walking into the arena to greet and wave at people; the retreat, a military tradition, never had a dull moment.
;;0.802;;however, the loudest rounds of applause and cheers were reserved for when modi chose to take a lap of the arena and wave and greet people.
;;0.0;;the term population explosion has regained currency, especially after prime minister modi mentioned it in his independence day speech and said those having small families were doing an act of patriotism.
;;0.1779;;considered holy by many hindus, cows are a sensitive political topic and have gained in importance since prime minister modi stormed to power in 2014 as several bjp-ruled states enacted strict laws to punish cow slaughter.
;;0.2732;;the younger generation has accepted look east policy of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4767;;since both prime minister modi and up chief minister yogi adityanath have gone on record saying they would be bringing a strict law to prevent mob-lynchings and take action against the perpetrators, we have decided to defer the july 26 camp, which was scheduled to be held inside bada imambara, said jawad.
;;-0.2023;;the congress saturday hit out at the modi government over election commissioner ashok lavasa recusing himself from ec meetings to discuss poll code violations, saying erosion of institutional integrity is the hallmark of the present dispensation.
;;-0.6486;;congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala cited a media report which claimed lavasa, who disagreed with the poll panels decisions to clear prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah of charges of violating the model code of conduct (mcc), has since may 4 recused himself from all meetings to discuss mcc issues.
;;0.3818;;erosion of institutional integrity is the hallmark of the modi government, surjewala alleged.
;;0.0;;us president donald trump is looking forward to hosting prime minister modi later this year, the white house said in a statement on tuesday.
;;0.9201;;trump called pm modi on monday to congratulate him on his recent state election victories, expressing support for his economic reforms and great respect for indians.
;;0.4939;;president donald j. trump spoke with prime minister modi of india to congratulate him on the outcome of indias recent state-level elections, the white house statement said.
;;0.0;;president trump also said he looks forward to hosting prime minister modi in washington later this year.
;;0.0;;-- white housethis was the third publicly known phone conversation between modi and trump after latters victory last november.
;;0.0;;the 44-year-old cm, who is a firebrand hindutva leader, is also expected to call on president pranab mukherjee and vice-president hamid ansari besides meeting prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.7506;;gupta were attacked by a group of a dozen unidentified assailants as the junior engineer and contractors bhupendra singh and kamlesh kumar singh refused to stop work of repairing gapping in water supply line in ravindrapuri area where prime minister modi modis public relations office is also located.
;;-0.4767;;amid tensions in sino-india ties, prime minister modi stressed the need to respect each other's core concerns and appropriately handle the disputes in his meeting with chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.1027;;jaishankar said modi and xi also deliberated on defence exchanges.
;;0.0;;the proposed roadshow would be held two days after prime minister modi modis mass rally on april 5 in dehradun.
;;0.4215;;modi is a popular leader and has a public connect.
;;0.0387;;though there is no modi current this time like in 2014 polls, but the voters dont see any alternative to him.
;;-0.4678;;it is most likely that people of the state would vote for modi , he said, adding: the congresss final strike would be to attract crowd but no final strike on the votebank.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi met bjp mps from uttar pradesh over breakfast on thursday, where he was expected to exhort them to work towards development.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister modi had last year questioned the long vacation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi congratulated the scientists on twitter.
;;0.0;;, modi tweeted.
;;-0.6705;;prime minister modi announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh for the next of kin of each of those killed.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi and rural development and panchayat minister, modi singh tomar, gave away the awards at jabalpur, madhya pradesh, on tuesday.
;;-0.7096;;a water harvesting mechanism could have been the key to sustenance and prosperity of gujarats vadnagar when cities were abandoned because of harsh climate across the country between the 4-5th century ad and 10th century ad, archaeological survey of india (asi)s excavations have found in prime minister modi modis home town.
;;0.7783;;there are no plans to meet prime minister modi , but sudworth said if the archbishop had the opportunity, there will be things he would want to share, but added that the church leader would not want to lecture another country.
;;0.4019;;the congress is trying to unite opposition parties ahead of the 2019 lok sabha polls to take on the bjp and demolish the invincibility aura of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4767;;the congress chief was unsparing in her attack on the modi government.
;;0.6597;;she said the modi government was shifting the manifesto promises it should have fulfilled by 2019 to 2022 .
;;0.0258;;prime minister modi flagged off last week a scheme to make flying cheaper, aiming to put air travel in reach for the countrys middle class with more flights to smaller towns.
;;-0.8052;;thus, i pay no great attention to his comments, added sitharamanwatch| hes an expert on subject of stealing: sitharaman hits back at rahuls chor jiberahul gandhi had tweeted that prime minister modi and finance minister nirmala sitharaman are clueless about how to solve self created economic disaster and that the borrowing from the rbi wont help.
;;0.5106;;the bjp notice to the indore legislator for his action last month comes soon after prime minister modi signaled his strong disapproval of the legislators conduct.
;;0.7418;;i dont even mind losing one mla i am giving sweat and blood to the party, an mp who attended the meet quoted pm modi as saying.
;;-0.6124;;the election commission cleared prime minister modi on monday in a complaint filed by the congress of model code of conduct violation in an election speech.
;;-0.2023;;this is the seventh complaint in which the poll watchdog has cleared modi.
;;0.1027;;this was the same charge against modi by the congress for his speech in latur, which had last week been cleared by the ec.
;;-0.296;;the second complaint was that modi had waved at voters on polling day in ahmedabad while casting his vote.
;;-0.4019;;the congress had complained that while going to cast his vote at nishan high school in ahmedabads ranip area on april23 during the third phase of polling, modi went in an open jeep and waved at the crowd that had gathered on both sides of the road.
;;-0.3612;;in october, when elections were hardly in the mind of the public, prime minister modi made a passionate appeal from a public platform in poll-bound up to stop injustice towards muslim women.
;;-0.2732;;what seems to have piqued the community is the bjps silence on other contentious issues  female infanticide was raised by modi himself at the same rally.
;;0.5423;;and they want modi to keep his words, koran in one hand and laptop in the other.
;;0.4019;;in fact, making light of it, asaduddin owaisi even gave triple talaq an interesting turn saying people of the state have decided to divorce modi , akhilesh and the congress.
;;0.0;;last year, pichkaris with prime minister modi modis face printed on them were hot-selling items in the market.
;;0.7845;;the mla went on to praise the leadership of prime minister modi , saying that he had provided a strong leadership to the country and taken revolutionary decisions.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, prime minister modi is scheduled to inaugurate the eastern peripheral expressway and address a rally in the neighbouring baghpat district on sunday -- a day before kairana goes to polls.
;;0.3612;;at his rally in imphal last month, prime minister modi promised to end the blockade if bjp came to power in the state.
;;-0.1421;;(afp photo)to negate such fears, senior bjp leaders including modi , shah and union home minister rajnath singh stressed in their rallies that manipurs territory would not get affected by the agreement.
;;0.4019;;while congress vice-president rahul gandhi was the only star campaigner for the party in manipur, the bjp bid was headlined by modi , singh and shah during the last days of campaigning.
;;0.6486;;punjabupdated: aug 15, 2019 01:55 istchief minister captain amarinder singh on wednesday acceded to the demand of leaders of the ravidasia community and agreed to lead a delegation to prime minister modi for taking up the matter of construction of the temple, which was demolished in delhi on the directions of the supreme court (sc).
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping on friday discussed ways to cement their bilateral relationship as they opened a two-day informal one of its kind summit in the central chinese city of wuhan.
;;0.2263;;45 pm: president xi jinping showed warm gesture after dinner as he came to see pm modi off, says ani quoting sources.
;;0.0;;35 pm: delegation level meeting between pm modi and president xi jinping was supposed to be for 30 minutes, but it went on for more than 2 hours, says ani quoting sources.
;;0.0;;30: a clip of the meeting between modi and xi xinping in wuhan.
;;0.0;;one on one meeting between modi and xi in wuhan on friday @httweets pic.
;;0.0;;17 pm: modi invites xi to attend another informal summit in india in 2019.
;;0.5256;;02 pm: the people of india feel really proud that im maybe the first prime minister of india, for whom, you (chinese president) have come out of the capital twice to receive me, says prime minister modi during delegation level talks in wuhan.
;;0.2263;;ill be happy, if in 2019, we can have such informal summit in india, says pm modi in wuhan.
;;0.3612;;this is a sign of the importance that you accord to india as a country, pm modi tells president xi jinping at a delegation-level talk.
;;0.296;;3:20pm: prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping visit an exhibition of marquis yi of zeng cultural relics & treasure (hubei provincial museum).
;;0.296;;#watch: prime minister modi & chinese president xi jinping at an exhibition of marquis yi of zeng cultural relics & treasure (hubei provincial museum) #china pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/reifk93qtk  ani (@ani) april 27, 20182:10pm: culture of both india and china is based along the river banks; if we talk about mohenjo daro and harappa civilizations in india, all the development happened along river banks, says pm modi according to ani.
;;0.0;;1:58pm: modi recounts his first visit to the province.
;;0.0;;1:13pm: modi and xi sit down for one-on-one meeting at the museum.
;;0.0;;visuals of prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping's one on one meeting in #china's wuhan.
;;0.34;;1:05pm: prime minister modi is welcomed by a cultural programme at the museum.
;;0.0;;#watch: prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping witness a cultural programme at hubei provincial museum.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/nliy9p8mjv  ani (@ani) april 27, 20181pm: modi meets chinese president at hubei provincial museum.
;;0.0;;7:50pm: pm modi will meet president xi at the museum and is expected to spend an hour touring it.
;;0.6908;;probably, thackeray has learnt the advantage of being first to launch the campaign from the success of prime minister modi in the 2014 lok sabha polls and bihar chief minister nitish kumar in last years assembly elections.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on tuesday said he held fruitful talks with visiting nepal president bidhya devi bhandari.
;;-0.7717;;worldupdated: sep 24, 2019 00:38 ista day after prime minister modi targeted pakistan in his presence for backing terror against india, us president donald trump on monday deflected a direct question on pakistan-based terror and again offered to mediate on the kashmir issue if both countries wanted him to.
;;0.1278;;trump further said he had heard a very aggressive statement on monday from the indian prime minister that he indicated he had not expected, though it had been well received by the audience of more than 50,000 at the howdy, modi!
;;0.6808;;in texas on sunday, trump shared the stage with modi and positioned himself as a close friend of india.
;;-0.3182;;he was in the audience when modi launched a thinly veiled attack on pakistan for nurturing and supporting cross-border terrorism.
;;0.7496;;trump said he believed india may come forward for mediation and that he had a very good relationship with prime minister modi [and] prime minister khan and if they say you know we have some points that we can iron out, i think id be an extremely good arbitrator.
;;0.0;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan on sunday announced loans for farmers and their wards under an entrepreneurship scheme, in his maiden talk show, dil se, akin to prime minsiter modi modis monthly radio address, mann ki baat.
;;-0.5106;;leader of opposition ajay singh said instead of copying prime minister modi and indulging in wastage of money and political gimmicks, cm should tell farmers what he actually did for them in the past 12 years of his rule and why he failed to check suicides of farmers.
;;0.4215;;on thursday, modi expressed hopes the parliament will pass the crucial cgst and igst bills required to roll out goods and services tax possibly from july.
;;-0.6705;;hitting out at prime minister modi over his stance on caste and his origins as a chaiwala, senior congress leader p chidambaram on sunday asked ifthe pm considers people a bunch of idiots who have suffered memory loss.
;;0.0;;mr modi is the first person who became pm later who campaigned wearing his caste on his sleeve (2014): i am an obc.
;;0.4939;;riding on the popularity of the demonetisation drive that is believed to have paid electoral dividends in the just concluded assembly elections, the modi government has decided to make anti-corruption initiatives climaxing with note withdrawal one of the key themes of its third anniversary celebrations on may 25.
;;0.0;;despite opposition backlash following prime minister modi modis decision to demonetise rs 1000 and rs 500 currency last november, the government did not budge.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and various bjp leaders have called for an end to the practice of husbands seeking divorce by uttering the word talaq thrice, terming the ritual anti-woman.
;;-0.3818;;speaking in a public rally in goa, a few days after announcing demonetisation on 8 november, 2016, prime minister modi had asked for 50 days from the people of india for note-ban related hardships to endit has been 100 days since modi announced the scrapping of 86  of indias currency in circulation.
;;-0.7845;;none of this seems to be bothering pm modi though, who claimed in a up rally that bjps victory in all polls after note ban shows that the poor are overwhelmingly supporting this policy.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi tweeted.
;;-0.5106;;after an earlier failed attempt to sell the airline off last year, prime minister modi modis government is expected to try again in october.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi , bharatiya janata party president amit shah, the law commission and many political commentators have been advocating simultaneous elections, occurring in 60-month cycles.
;;0.6369;;consultation and consensus is the best and often the only way forward, he said, lauding the speech of prime minister modi after the bjp scored landslide victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
;;0.3612;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 11:00 istprime minister modi modis address on independence day saw him appeal to the people to join hands to take on the challenges faced by the country.
;;0.4939;;pm modi praised those with small families for their patriotism.
;;0.25;;watch| pm modi on i-day: one nation, one constitution dream has been achievedfollow independence day live updates here.
;;0.2023;;here are the top five appeals from pm modis independence day speech: prime minister modi appealed to further the use of digital payments all over the nation.
;;0.2263;;pm modi stressed on need to make india free from single use plastic.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi also encouraged domestic tourism in his independence day speech.
;;0.0;;pm modi also appealed to the nation on more awareness on population.
;;0.3818;;pm modi appealed to the nation to protect mother earth by reducing the use of chemical fertilizers and products.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, rajnath singh and naidu met prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.6908;;indian prime minister modi on tuesday defended his decision to abolish high denomination bank notes that has left the economy reeling, calling it a fight for the poor.
;;-0.7003;;in his first comments on the bank-note ban at a rowdy session of parliament, modi shot back at his critics.
;;0.5719;;still, modi justified his decision, which he said had created a money trail for tax officials to pursue.
;;-0.8176;;with opposition parties making the note ban an election issue and mocking the government for its poor implementation, modi has unleashed a slew of measures to ease the pain.
;;-0.7713;;analysts describe the uttar pradesh state election as a mid-term referendum on modi as the cash crunch has inflicted the most pain on the poor.
;;0.0;;modi has been camping in the ancient city for three days  from morning till night  and will stay overnight in varanasi.
;;0.0;;in her parting shot in varanasi, mayawati said, all the temple-going of modi and akhilesh wont work.
;;0.0;;modi had a road show and a rally each on saturday and sunday in varanasi.
;;-0.0191;;@htnoidagzb @httweets  vinod rajput (@vinodrajputs) february 11, 20171:15pm: what is the reason why development could not reach this district under the governance of sp and bsp, asks prime minister modi , as he begins his address in badaun.
;;0.7184;;when i took strong steps against corruption, all parties came together against modi.
;;-0.5106;;10:40am: in the past two and a half years, modi has failed.
;;0.3612;;pm modi promised employment to 2 crore people every year, says gandhi.
;;-0.1027;;congress leader mani shankar aiyar tuesday pushed aside a microphone, made fists and used an expletive at reporters who questioned him about his neech jibe at prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.6705;;aiyar lost his temper at tv reporters who met him at the punjab government guest house here and questioned him over an article he wrote, recalling a slur he directed at modi in 2017.
;;0.0;;then he raised his arms, waiving them about in an apparent imitation of modi.
;;0.0;;referring to modi in his article in rising kashmir and the print, aiyar wrote, remember how i described him on 7 december 2017?
;;0.2263;;the supreme court on wednesday disposed of the petition filed by congress member of parliament sushmita dev last month, where she had alleged inaction by the election commission on violations of the model code of conduct (mcc) by prime minster modi and bharatiya janata party president amit shah.
;;0.0516;;the court also refused to entertain congress complaint against a string of clean chits handed out by the ec to modi and shah, saying it would not go into these issues, unless they are specifically challenged.
;;-0.8104;;according to persons in the know, who did not wish to be named, election commissioner ashok lavasa had differed with the majority view in five different complaints of model code violations against modi and shah.
;;-0.6597;;dev had approached the sc on april 29, accusing the poll panel of inaction on complaints against modi and shah.
;;0.4215;;taking the political fight against the bharatiya janata party to the home state of prime minister modi , the party had decided to contest the high-stakes gujarat assembly elections which are scheduled to be held in december, besides contesting in the hill state of himachal pradesh.
;;0.3412;;thackeray also chose not to criticise prime minister modi over the latters remarks on the ram temple issue on thursday.
;;0.6249;;prime minister modi on tuesday admonished party lawmakers who had been skipping parliament sittings or its debates, delivering a clear message that the party was keeping a close watch on their attendance in parliament and its many panels.
;;-0.0258;;pm modi signaled at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party that he was unhappy that many bjp members of parliament had been absenting themselves from the house during key discussions in the first few days of the budget session.
;;0.0;;pm modi and bjp chief amit shah had delivered a record majority for the bjp in the just-concluded national elections.
;;0.2023;;in his first term too, pm modi had to pull up lawmakers now and then for playing truant.
;;0.5106;;at one parliamentary party meeting, pm modi had warned lawmakers who arent punctual that their attendance would be taken into account when the party has to give out tickets to contest the national elections.
;;0.5574;;during his election campaign, prime minister modi was just about the only foreign leader to receive praise from candidate trump, other than russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.1901;;but chandra and his neighbour satvir singh, also a beneficiary, all dislike prime minister modi for scrapping two high-value currency notes last november.
;;0.2008;;--- mulayammulayam also appeared to support a statement made by prime minister modi during an election campaign rally, where the bjp leader had criticised akhilesh and asked how anyone could trust a person who wasnt faithful to his father.
;;-0.7717;;suspected maoists attacked a railway station in odishas rayagada district early on friday, triggered a blast and put up posters protesting against the proposed visit of prime minister modi to the state next month.
;;0.0;;the alleged maoists left behind handwritten posters opposing the policies of modi government at the centre and naveen patnaik regime in odisha, officials said.
;;0.7845;;chandigarh a delegation of the shiromani akali dal (sad), under the leadership of party president sukhbir singh badal, called on prime minister modi at the latters new delhi residence on friday morning to express gratitude for the union governments unprecedented and decisive initiative in exempting langar items from the gst regime.
;;0.4404;;the delegation thanked modi for the decision of the union government to release 800 crore for cane growers of punjab, of a total of 8,000 crore for the country.
;;0.0;;however, his suspension was taken back on the request of senior bjp leader modi even before the days session ended.
;;0.0;;prasads suspension was taken back on the request of senior bjp leader modi who appealed to the chairman to revoke the suspension order.
;;-0.25;;according to a pti report, mastan had kicked up a controversy by asking a crowd gathered at a programme at his amour assembly constituency in purnia district on february 22 to protest the centres demonetisation move and to beat the photograph of prime minister modi with shoes.
;;-0.4215;;his family recently warned of approaching prime minister modi as the state government had failed to fulfil the promises made by it.
;;0.25;;before leaving for his day-long campaign trail from choudhury charan singh airport here, union home minister rajnath singh had a chance meeting with prime minister modi , who was heading towards kannauj, the parliamentary constituency of dimple yadav, wife of chief minister akhilesh yadav.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi , who attended the meeting briefly, urged the parties to participate in a debate.
;;-0.0516;;2- modi greets nawaz sharif in astana, enquires about his health: reportprime minister modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on thursday exchanged pleasantries at a cultural gala in astana, amid frosty bilateral ties, deadlocked talks and escalation of hostilities along the line of control in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.2732;;it was the first encounter between modi and sharif after their last meeting in lahore on december 25, 2015, when the indian prime minister made a surprise stopover at the historic city.
;;0.0;;modi and sharif are in astana to attend the summit of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) where india and pakistan will be inducted as full members of the bloc on friday.
;;0.0;;the election of modi as prime minister in 2014 was the beginning of the end of politics of appeasement and the 2019 mandate is to end it forever, said shah.
;;-0.4019;;this evil practice of triple talaq was going on for long and the modi government has abolished it forever and given the muslim women the right to live in dignity and equality, he said.
;;0.0;;the modi government has ended all these three and has been working for the all-round development of all classes of people.
;;0.34;;the home minister said in the five-and-a-half years, the modi government has taken more than 25 historic decisions which are giving the country a new direction.
;;-0.25;;also read | denied car in dowry, man gives triple talaq to his bride two hours after nikahthis is a reflection of prime minister modi modis decisive leadership, he said.
;;-0.3182;;it can be noted that the us-based sen has been critical of the demonetisation announced by prime minister modi on november 8.
;;-0.7165;;the survey comes barely three months after prime minister modi pulled out about 86  of all cash from the economy, disrupting economic activity in asias third-largest economy and hit particularly the poor.
;;0.0772;;the victory in uttar pradesh and the partys performance in up and coming elections in other states could alter that math, handing modi the magic number in the upper house.
;;0.743;;by that measure, modi would have improved his chances of a second term, boosting investor sentiment.
;;-0.7003;;prime minister modi told nda allies on monday night that there were no differences between them, though some of the partners made discordant noises over issues such as the ban on beef and liquor shops.
;;-0.128;;modi tried to reach out to the allies, delivering a simple message on tuesday to the nda constituents to remove anxieties they might have had about the big brother bjp.
;;0.4215;;the allies, however, reposed faith in the leadership of modi and asked people to vote his government back to power in 2019 to continue with the welfare schemes.
;;0.6705;;also, modi advised fellow bjp members at a separate meeting to become dedicated social workers like hanuman, underlining the hindu gods legendary selfless service to the people.
;;0.5859;;modi spoke about expanding the coalition ahead of the 2019 general elections and continuing the welfare schemes that helped the bjp win a series of polls after coming to power three years ago.
;;0.5994;;boosting credit growth is a key goal of prime minister modi modis government, as it seeks to revive the economy and offset the effects of a shadow banking crisis that has been unfolding since september.
;;0.0;;from schools to universities, all educational institutions in madhya pradesh will have to prominently display pictures of prime minister modi and swami vivekananda.
;;0.0;;higher education minister jaibhan singh pawaiya ordered institutions and offices to put pictures of five personalities on their premises  prime minister modi , president pranab mukherjee, mahatma gandhi, swami vivekananda and dr bhimrao ambedkar, the architect of indias constitution.
;;0.6705;;(pti)a stickler for cleanliness, adityanath had administered a cleanliness pledge to officials a day after he took over as the uttar pradesh cm and asked them to ensure that the pledge is effectively implemented on the lines of swachh bharat mission of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.1027;;bjp-led governments have had fewer reasons to be cautious about the relationship with israel and swarajs visit is expected to pave the way for a trip by prime minister modi  the first such visit by an indian premier.
;;0.0258;;according to government officials familiar with the matter, each of the ten leaders will arrive at rajpath in separate convoys and be received by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;as of now, it has been decided that prime minister lee hsien loong of singapore, which is the chair of asean for 2018, will be seated between prime minister modi and president ram nath kovind.
;;0.0;;in the evening, prime minister modi is expected to take a stroll with the visiting leaders in the rashtrapati bhavans famed mughal gardens, according to a third government official.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, a third of these were recorded between 3 pm and 4 pm, around the same time that prime minister modi tweeted his victory post.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is preparing to mortgage indias symbol of independence, the red fort to corporates.
;;0.0;;they also accompanied him to the parade ground where the swearing-in ceremony will take place on saturday in the presence of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.1531;;campaigning for her party candidates at joypur and panchla in howrah districts, banerjee claimed that the modi government had in the last five years failed completely to deliver for the peoples welfare and the countrys future.
;;-0.4767;;the country will face a grave danger if the modi government is not dethroned, she said and called upon people not to misuse a single vote by casting in favour of the bjp.
;;-0.25;;if the modi government can withdraw currencies of different denominations, you (the electorate) can also cancel your votes to them.
;;0.3818;;describing the modi government as a government of demons, banerjee said it knows well how to deprive people of their rights and privileges in order to consolidate its political interests.
;;0.0276;;mr modi (banerjee has often referred to him as modi babu) and his colleagues in the saffron party also speak in highly abusive and provocative language to vitiate the environment in the country as they prefer to divide people along religious lines for political mileage, the tmc supremo said.
;;0.1779;;the party under modi is for creating disturbances like riots in the country, she said.
;;0.0;;the day before prime minister modi was expected at the facebook headquarters at 1, hacker way, menlo park, california, in september 2015, a directive went out mandating a dress code for everyone planning to attend.
;;0.0;;modi, an occasion-conscious dresser, also showed up in a semi-formal suit  dark pants, white shirt and a dark waist coat.
;;0.0;;on june 19, prime minister modi chaired an all-party meeting in an effort to form consensus around its one nation, one election pitch.
;;0.6249;;prime minister modi upped the ante against the congress and the janata dal-secular alliance in karnataka on thursday saying national security is not a priority for the opposition parties.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi will spend two days in arguably chinas happiest city, wuhan, for his informal summit with president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;we have taken multiple factors into account: whether prime minister modi has visited the city earlier, the bond of this place with india, as a representative city (for central china).
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has travelled to east, west, north and south of china but he is yet to visit central china.
;;0.6808;;but whether modi and xi will emerge happier about the state of china-india ties from their summit in wuhan, remains to be seen.
;;0.128;;on thursday morning, the congress party accused prime minister modi of suffocating the judiciary.
;;0.3818;;yet modi government refuses to clear his elevation to sc as retribution for quashing presidential rule in uttarakhand?
;;0.5574;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 08:26 istthe bharatiya janata party tweeted a video wishing prime minister modi on his 69th birthday on tuesday.
;;0.9287;;best wishes to ma bharatis true son and the inspiration of crores of youth modi from the bjp family on his birthday, the ruling party tweeted in hindi along with the video.
;;0.802;;watch: watch: how has modi celebrated his birthday since becoming pmnarendra modi , who was born on september 17, 1950, will visit his mother in gujarats gandhinagar to seek her blessings on his birthday.
;;0.0;;the bjp has kicked off a seva saptah (service week) campaign to mark the birthday week of prime minister modi.
;;0.3612;;it is of immense significance for the party in haryana as our candidates primarily fought in the name of prime minister modi and his leadership.
;;-0.7783;;on international womens day, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal urged prime minister modi to unfollow those accounts that abuse and threaten women on twitter.
;;0.0;;according to the ministrys statement, the meeting was aimed at taking forward the discussions between prime minister modi and president donald trump during their meeting at osaka, on june 28.
;;0.0;;he did it again last week, issuing an edict against none other than prime minister modi over his demonetisation drive.
;;0.0;;i stand by my fatwa against modi .
;;-0.4939;;before targeting modi , he had directed his ire at dilip gosh, the west bengal bjp president for his alleged disparaging comments against chief minister mamata banerjee.
;;0.4019;;a woman bjp mla from rajasthan has written to prime minister modi and party president amit shah, alleging misbehaviour by another legislator and seeking action against him.
;;0.0;;apart from modi and shah, ramganjmandi mla has written to bjp national organisational secretary ramlal, state organisation secretary chandrashekhar and chief minister vasundhara raje about the alleged misbehaviour by gunjal at meeting where district in-charge minister prabhulal saini was present.
;;-0.2023;;the government is making all efforts to fulfil the cultural aspirations of tamil nadu, prime minister modi said on saturday, amid rising hopes of a quick lifting of the jallikattu ban that has sparked a massive movement in the state.
;;0.8622;;(the) central government is fully committed to the progress of tamil nadu and will always work to ensure the state scales new avenues of progress, modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;he met modi on thursday.
;;-0.6249;;read | post demonetisation, a farmers wish list from the budgetcongress party, which has been at the forefront of attacks against prime minister modi and the nda government on demonetisation that also brought several opposition parties together, has criticised demonetisation, saying the move had hurt farmers and the rural poor, and ravaged the agrarian economy.
;;0.0;;we wrote to chief minister, home minister, prime minister modi and the president.
;;-0.765;;a storm was kicked up by bjp members on thomas statement last week that pac can call prime minister modi to depose on the note ban issue, forcing the panel to issue a press release rejecting the congress leaders contention.
;;0.1531;;the result will force the aam aadmi party, especially kejriwal, who was positioning himself as a challenger to prime minister modi by taking him on directly in public discourse, to ask himself some uncomfortable questions.
;;0.1531;;district mahila congress chief kamlesh saini said prime minister modi has failed to fulfill his promise of solving the problem within 50 days.
;;0.128;;in this campaign, led by prime minister modi himself, the bjp has repeatedly called the opposition treacherous for questioning the security forces after the balakot strike.
;;0.3182;;finally, will all those eminent indians who supported modi for pm in 2014 and perhaps again in 2019, appeal to him to withdraw the candidature of thakur?
;;0.4404;;on the ruling bjps massive victory in the elections in india, shringla said the re-election of prime minister modi is a good news for india-us relationship.
;;0.6249;;we have achieved a great deal in last five years under leadership of prime minister modi and (us) president trump, he said.
;;0.7096;;as a result of the strong mandate that modi has received, the indian diplomat said, there would be new dynamism in bilateral relationship.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi leads the hindu nationalist bharatiya janata party.
;;0.3182;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister modi , cleared amendments in the new urea policy (nup) of 2015, to allow production beyond reassessed capacity.
;;0.7845;;prime minister modi made three requests on his first mann ki baat address after returning to power while inviting his listeners to help fulfill them.
;;0.6249;;the village head said that he was both inspired and surprised on receiving a letter from pm modi requesting his cooperation in water conservation efforts.
;;0.3612;;earlier in his address, prime minister modi replied to controversies over his kedarnath trip and the last mann ki baat address apart from reminding his listeners of the importance of upholding democracy and reading books.
;;0.0;;pm modi modis radio programme mann ki baat resumed today almost a month after the pm returned to power.
;;0.3182;;when he and prime minister modi met at the g-20 summit in june in osaka, the us leader was open to launching a process to find a solution.
;;-0.2144;;the modi government could have nipped the trade dispute with the us in 2018, but instead allowed it to snowball into what it is today.
;;0.9022;;on the world press freedom day, prime minister modi on wednesday expressed unwavering support to the freedom of the media, saying it is essential in democracy.
;;0.6059;;in his maiden speech at the summit, prime minister modi is likely highlight challenges facing the sco, such as counter-terrorism, but also talk about boosting trade and investment in the region.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi had in october 2017 laid the foundation stone of five infrastructure projects there including widening of approach road to kedarnath, construction of ghat and a retaining wall on rivers mandakini and saraswati, construction of houses for purohit (priest) community, and construction of a museum and grand samadhi sthal of adi shankaracharya.
;;0.4215;;the prime ministers office (pmo) is regularly monitoring the works with modi himself reviewing the progress of the redevelopment project through three camera-mounted drones via teleconferencing.
;;0.743;;watch: how has modi celebrated his birthday since becoming pmmodiji also worked as the bjps national general secretary and had then sowed the seeds of the partys pan-india growth.
;;0.2023;;another important thing to take note of is that, despite the heavy public expenditure on various developmental schemes by the government, not one charge of corruption has been levelled against the modi government.
;;0.0772;;prime minister modi will host a dinner for about 50 leaders from the bjp and its 31 allies to discuss his governments achievements and challenges.
;;0.0;;the modi government completes three years in may.
;;0.4404;;congress vice president rahul gandhi last week met senior leaders of communist parties to explore possibilities of a united fight against modi.
;;-0.296;;prime minister modi on thursday flagged off the first rs 2,500-an-hour flight from shimla as part of an udan scheme that makes air travel accessible to lower middle class families.
;;0.0258;;during his day-long visit to the queen of hills, which saw mild showers in the morning, modi underscored the thrust on keeping the air fares within the reach of the middle class.
;;-0.4767;;those who have looted the poor, will not be spared, says modi in shimla.
;;0.0;;20 pm: pm modi begins his public address in shimla.
;;0.4404;;after addressing three rallies in bihar for the first two phases of lok sabha polls, all in favour of bjp ally jd-us candidates, prime minister modi would be campaigning for the bjp candidate pradip kumar singh of araria on april 20.
;;0.765;;the sentence now stands stayed by international court of justice (icj), thanks to deft moves by the modi government.
;;-0.4019;;simultaneously, with the jadhav card, the pakistan army scuttled prime minister modi modis december 25, 2015 peace initiative by orchestrating the jaish-e-mohammed terrorist strike at pathankot airbase on january 2, 2016, and followed it by pushing in as many infiltrators as possible into the kashmir valley.
;;-0.7096;;three years after he assumed office, prime minister modi today faces a daunting challenge to national security from pakistan through terrorism and internal subversion, and from china, which is choking new delhi through encirclement diplomacy or obor in south asia.
;;0.7227;;to be fair to pm modi , he made huge efforts to reach out to both president xi jinping and prime minister nawaz sharif, but both moves were shot down by powerful army leaderships in those countries.
;;-0.5574;;the security challenge to modi government is getting severe as its newfound ally us is being ruled by a temperamental president, who is now being investigated on charges of blocking an fbi inquiry into his former nsa leaking secrets to indias old ally russia.
;;-0.6705;;signing on obor with cpec running through pok would have been political suicide for modi government.
;;0.8591;;time has come for pm modi to engage the politicians in kashmir linked with indian democratic processes to find lasting peace in valley as well as empower those whose aspirations lie with india like lt ummer fayaz.
;;0.5423;;if the modi government can bring peace and connectivity to north-east, then the southern silk road, linking south east asia to moreh in manipur, could be an answer to china obor.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi at the partys national executive meeting in odisha on sunday took serious exceptions to party leaders shooting off their mouths, saying they needed lessons on how to keep their lips sealed.
;;0.0;;li commented about the nsg issue at a media briefing on monday morning, days ahead of a possible meeting between prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana during june 8-9.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi modis shock announcement had led to a rush in banks by people and business houses to exchange the old notes, besides sparking a crippling currency shortage.
;;-0.6697;;modi had described the exercise as a surgical strike on black money though opposition parties were highly critical of the government over the cash crisis.
;;0.5859;;prime minister modi led top politicians and bjp leaders as well as several chief ministers, including those from non-bjp ruled states, in wishing uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on his 45th birthday.
;;0.4404;;is there a wave in favour of prime minister modi modis re-election?
;;0.0;;modi did it in his state [gujarat] and i am doing it in jharkhand.
;;0.4215;;pakistan is yet to take concrete action on indias concerns and create an atmosphere free of terrorism, which is necessary to facilitate any possible engagement between the two sides, prime minister modi said on thursday.
;;0.0;;modi made the remarks when the issue of pakistan came up during his bilateral meeting with chinese president xi jinping on the margins of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in the kyrgyzstan capital of bishkek.
;;0.4249;;reports from bishkek said modi and khan didnt shake hands or exchange pleasantries at a dinner hosted by the kyrgyz president and at a concert.
;;0.0;;modi proposed the two sides should organise 70 events, 35 in each country, and the two leaders tasked their foreign ministers to finalise the details.
;;0.3182;;a statement from chinas foreign ministry said xi again congratulated modi on his re-election and said both the countries should strengthen confidence-building measures and maintain stability in the border areas.
;;0.2732;;during a separate bilateral meeting with russian president vladimir putin, modi accepted an invitation to be the chief guest at the eastern economic forum to be held in vladivostok during september 4-6.
;;0.6249;;and, (prime minister) modi himself yesterday mentioned vajpayee, saying people liked him because during his tenure he looked for kashmir solution within the ambit of humanity, mehbooba said.
;;-0.6808;;prime minister modi announced the demonetisation on november 8, a decision that sucked out 86  of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and atms for cash.
;;0.1779;;noting that the nia, a central agency, besides telangana and madhya pradesh police coordinated with each other in the operation, he claimed that it was an example of team india spirit which prime minister modi has often spoken about.
;;0.6808;;if the bjp manages to get the better of the cpm in the tripura election, it will deal a blow to the communist partys effort to cobble up an alliance of non-bjp parties to take on prime minister modi in the 2019 national election.
;;-0.2732;;indiaupdated: aug 28, 2019 10:37 istprime minister modi on wednesday wrote a thank you note to actor aamir khan who a day earlier had lauded the pms initiative to ban single-use plastic.
;;-0.6908;;co/awki1szxde  modi (@narendramodi) august 28, 2019this littered plastic makes its way into rivers, oceans and ground soil, polluting the environment, hampering regeneration of plants, blocking drains and canals and upsetting the ecosystems.
;;0.3818;;south korean president moon jae-in will hold meetings with prime minister modi in the capital on july 10 this year, as the north asian economic powerhouse seeks to tap opportunities in developing rail, road and port infrastructure in india.
;;0.1027;;on july 22, he had met prime minister modi and defence minister rajnath singh.
;;0.6808;;the chief minister also thanked pm modi for his support and assistance.
;;0.128;;smart city and amrut are big-ticket urban renewal projects launched by prime minister modi in june 2015 with the objective of transforming the urban infrastructure burdened with ever-growing population across the country.
;;-0.4215;;with their being limited resources at the state governments disposal, rawat met prime minister modi and demanded a 13,000-crore package for relocating the villages.
;;0.7579;;although the party managed to win just one odisha seat in the 2014 lok sabha elections, it piggybacked on prime minister modi modis nationalistic credentials to rapidly become a force to reckon with.
;;0.6124;;underlining that the development story of the country is incomplete without uttar pradesh, adani said the state is being viewed as the fastest changing and it will play an important role in reaching the target set up by prime minister modi of usd 5 trillion economy by 2024.
;;-0.25;;prime minister modi on sunday took a veiled dig at congress president rahul gandhi, saying the top opposition leader could not still come out of the impact of election results which showed weakness.
;;0.0;;they also wonder what can modi do.
;;0.0;;modi addressed a thanks-giving public meeting organized by the andhra pradesh bjp at renigunta near here.
;;0.7717;;modi made a special mention of tamil nadu, along with ap, thanking people of the two states for playing a crucial role in strengthening democracy.
;;0.4404;;two good occasions beckoned the country in the near future, modi pointed out, referring to the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi in october 2019 and the 75th anniversary of the nations independence in 2022.
;;0.1635;;the government, modi pointed out, should be useful only for building the nation and not the party.
;;0.7096;;i feel proud that i got an opportunity to work prime minister modi in parliament.
;;0.6369;;under the leadership of modi , there was development throughout the country and internal and external security got strengthened.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced that the loan would be waived in the first meeting of state cabinet.
;;-0.4767;;launching a scathing attack on prime minister modi , chief minister ashok gehlot said modi will not become the pm as there is an undercurrent against him in the country.
;;0.0;;we believe that there is undercurrent against prime minister modi modi.
;;0.9201;;like during former pm atal bihari vajpayee time, a feel good and india shinning atmosphere was created, similarly modi and bjp chief amit shah too are not leaving anything unturned to create the atmosphere, he said, adding, people are intelligent and they have seen the way they made catchphrases for five years, false promises of black money, employment and reducing inflation.
;;-0.4588;;addressing newspersons at state congress office, he said, i have an objection that in jodhpur, modi attacked the chief minister of rajasthan and said that i am speaking the language of pakistan.
;;0.0;;when a prime minister speaks, his words should touch the hearts of the country, but modi lacks this, gehlot claimed, adding, their jumla (rhetoric) that the congress did nothing in 70 years will make them sink.
;;0.3182;;someone sent me a message, machchhar ko kapde pehnana, hathi ko goad mein jhulana aur modi ji se sach bulwana, yeh asambhav hai (dressing up a mosquito, making an elephant sit in lap and making modi speak truth is impossible).
;;0.0;;modi will not last long.
;;-0.2263;;keralaupdated: aug 09, 2019 12:01 istcongress leader rahul gandhi on friday made a rare phone call to prime minister modi to seek the centres help for people in his constituency wayanad and kerala where 25 people have already died in torrential rains.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has vowed to end indias role as the worlds largest arms importer by getting foreign firms to impart technology to local players and then manufacture in india.
;;0.6486;;modi and jaitley were keen to get the project approved before the prime minister completes three years in office on may 26.
;;0.1027;;modi then heads off next monday to germany, spain and russia, where defence procurement will be high on the agenda.
;;0.5574;;in june modi is expected to visit the united states, which has emerged as one of the top arms supplier to india in recent years.
;;-0.4404;;union minister harsh vardhan on saturday claimed that the country is on the path of becoming a vishwa guru while highlighting the achievements of the modi government at the centre in the last three years.
;;0.2732;;addressing the delhi bjps sab ka sath sab ka vikas programme here, he said under prime minister modi modis leadership, the countrys development in all sectors is on the fast lane and the government is sincerely committed to uplift the poor.
;;-0.4404;;the modi government is taking india on a path of the development and the country will soon be a vishwa guru, harsh vardhan said.
;;-0.5719;;prime minister modi is upset with bjp lawmakers skipping parliament sittings, sometimes causing embarrassment to the treasury benches.
;;0.3818;;the gst is showcased as a path-breaking initiative of the modi government for a one nation, one tax regime, which is expected to promote business by doing away with multiplicity of taxation.
;;-0.2023;;prime minister modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on thursday exchanged pleasantries at a cultural gala in astana, amid frosty bilateral ties, deadlocked talks and escalation of hostilities along the line of control in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.2732;;it was the first encounter between modi and sharif after their last meeting in lahore on december 25, 2015, when the indian prime minister made a surprise stopover at the historic city.
;;0.0;;modi and sharif are in astana to attend the summit of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) where india and pakistan will be inducted as full members of the bloc on friday.
;;0.4215;;official sources said modi and sharif were in the leaders lounge at the astana opera before the sco concert where they exchanged greetings.
;;0.0;;since it was the first occasion when the two leaders came across each other after sharifs operation, pm modi enquired about his health.
;;0.2732;;in december 2015, modi had made a surprise stopover at lahore on his way back home after a day-long trip to afghanistan which was the first visit to pakistan by an indian premier in more than 10 years.
;;0.0;;earlier, asked whether there is a possibility of a bilateral meeting between modi and sharif, external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said neither pakistani side has requested for it nor india has any proposal for such a meeting.
;;0.2023;;modi, sharif, russian president vladimir putin and chinese president xi jinping were among top leaders who attended the reception hosted by kazakhstan president nursultan nazarbayev.
;;0.0;;at the cultural evening, both modi and sharif were sitting apart.
;;0.5423;;earlier in the day, when asked whether he will have a meeting with modi , sharif, before leaving for the reception, only smiled and waved at the media persons, which many interpreted as an indication of a possible meeting or at least a pull-aside between the two leaders.
;;0.6705;;president donald trump does not make up things, a top presidential advisor said on tuesday when asked about a question on his stunning claim that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, remarks which has been strongly refuted by india.
;;0.0;;trump, who is known to make inaccurate statements, claimed that prime minister modi asked him to mediate on kashmir when they met in osaka, japan on the sidelines of the g20 summit last month.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister s jaishankar refuted that prime minister modi ever made that request.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and his australian counterpart malcom turnbull on monday took the delhi metro from mandi house station to akshardham station.
;;-0.5994;;a war of words has erupted between prime minister modi and uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav over the pms kabristaan and shamshaan remarks at a public rally in fatehpur.
;;0.2023;;while voting was on for the third phase of up assembly election on sunday, modi drew a parallel between hindu and muslim festivals and the last rites in the two communities, accusing the akhilesh government of practising discrimination on the basis of religion.
;;-0.4215;;the chief ministers team has now armed itself with government orders and the cms twitter posts for a counter-attack to prove how modi lies.
;;0.7351;;pm modi , bjp president amit shah and all top leaders of the party have been trying to corner akhilesh and the samajwadi party on the law and order front.
;;-0.3182;;in retaliation, akhilesh and his loyalists are calling modi and his team a band of liars.
;;-0.8074;;read | modi , amit shah are terrorists spreading fear: uttar pradesh ministeraddressing a rally in unchahaar on monday, akhilesh said: we believe in the ganga.
;;0.4215;;modi drew loud applause when he made the statement.
;;-0.0772;;akhilesh too evoked cheers when he invoked the ganga to indicate modi was lying.
;;-0.5972;;people are going to reject both the sp and the bsp as they have not kept their promises while credibility of prime minister modi and the bjp is high.
;;-0.4767;;the opposition continued to attack the government and targeted prime minister modi as the incident happened in his home state.
;;0.0;;august 2016: new delhiprime minister modi lashed out at the cow protectors.
;;0.0;;she must find resources for welfare programs announced by prime minister modi modis government, including 870 billion rupees ($12.
;;0.2732;;also read| government focus likely on services, construction in first budgeta surprise pick by modi , the new minister remains a relatively unknown entity to the financial world.
;;0.765;;she held a string of increasingly important roles inside the party and government, and has been viewed as a trusted associate of both modi and arun jaitley, her predecessor as finance minister.
;;-0.3818;;as finance minister, sitharaman will need to fight perceptions that modi is pulling the strings.
;;-0.34;;a recent example, in which sitharaman met some economists for a pre-budget meeting in june, only for modi to call another meeting with them a week later, presents some worrying signs, according to mohan guruswamy, a former finance ministry official.
;;0.0;;modi just wants a constitutional figurehead, said guruswamy, who is now chairman of the centre for policy alternatives, a think-tank in new delhi.
;;0.5574;;a high-powered committee led by prime minister modi , after getting a go-ahead from the supreme court, removed verma on january 10, 20 days before the last day of his tenure.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken at the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) chaired by prime minister modi here.
;;0.3818;;india as the largest economy must take up its leadership, there is need to put dynamism into the commonwealth, he told newspersons in london, adding that prime minister modi will attend the upcoming commonwealth heads of government meeting in april.
;;0.0;;the nda government is preparing to fix portion sizes of dishes served by star hotels and restaurants, a fortnight after prime minister modi expressed concern about wastage of food in his monthly mann ki baat radio programme.
;;-0.7783;;in his mann ki baat last month, modi had flagged the issue of food wastage at feasts and termed it as injustice to the poor.
;;0.1154;;the opposition congress hailed the army action but asked prime minister modi why he was not raising the issue of rise in infiltration from pakistan at the international fora.
;;0.4215;;congress leader priyanka gandhi vadra on wednesday sought to strike an emotional chord with people during a road show here, saying she was born in delhi and is empathetic towards their aspirations, unlike prime minister modi who, she claimed, has been here only for five years.
;;0.2732;;holding her first road show in the national capital in support of sheila dikshit, the congress candidate for northeast delhi constituency, priyanka gandhi challenged modi to fight polls on the issues of gst, demonetisation and women security.
;;-0.802;;accusing modi of destroying institutions and the bjp of playing politics in the name of religion, she said the prime minister was indulging in negative politics and cannot give a direct answer to questions on the work he did during his five years of governance.
;;0.5719;;prime minister modi will bring with him a sense of guarded optimism about the future of bilateral ties with china when he reaches wuhan, the capital of hubei province, around thursday midnight for an informal summit with chinese president xi jinping.
;;-0.7003;;read: when modi and xi talk in china, only one other indian will be presentmodi, for one, is expected to lay out the details about indias fight against cross-border terrorism and its impact on the security situation in his country.
;;0.5023;;the standoff on the bhutan plateau  claimed by thimpu but under beijings control now seems like a military and diplomatic nightmare fairly long back in the past in the backdrop of this weeks meeting between modi and xi.
;;-0.5994;;in the 2014 lok sabha election, singh was in charge of prime minister modi modis war room in varanasi.
;;0.6808;;admired for his ability to tackle social issues, he is among the few bjp leaders to interact with modi whenever he visits his constituency.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will lay down the modi doctrine on indian foreign policy as he inaugurates the second raisina hill dialogues on january 17 with uk foreign minister boris johnson, nepalese foreign minister prakash sharan mahat, and a host of politicians and military leaders brainstorming in the capital.
;;0.4404;;top government sources told hindustan times that pm modi apparently sent his confirmation to speak at the dialogue on wednesday, with his speech expected to focus on economic integration of the neighbourhood as well as increasing the pan-asian transport connectivity as part of the act asia policy.
;;0.3818;;the congress said shah, and prime minister modi , must apologise for the comments.
;;0.795;;prime minister modi and party president amit shah are rightly seen as the chief architects of this success.
;;0.8271;;prime minister modi on wednesday signed off his bihar leg of election campaign at paliganj, 60 kms from patna, exuding confidence that he would return as the prime minister for a second term and swore to unleash a stream of developmental projects to propel the nations growth, through progress of the countrys eastern region.
;;0.0;;terming the opposition alliance as mahavilavati, he said that they had only two objectives  to tarnish the image of modi and to somehow remove him.
;;0.5423;;they dont know that modi is here due to the blessings of 130 crore people of india.
;;0.0;;thus the states politics was literally controlled by mayawati and mulayam singh yadav and both got their first jolt in 2014 when modi , then gujarat chief minister, landed in the state to contest the general election from varanasi.
;;0.0;;a day after prime minister modi filed his nomination for the varanasi lok sabha seat, bharat ratna ustad bismillah khans grandson nasir abbas said he wished he were invited to be one of the proposers for pm modi.
;;0.4404;;it would have been good if i were invited to be proposer of pm modi.
;;0.0;;abbas, his brothers shad abbas, haji hasan and few other members were present outside the collectorate during the nomination of pm modi.
;;0.4019;;he said that he went with his son ghazi abbas to kutchehary to express their support to pm modi.
;;0.2263;;he hopes that pm modi would pay attention to his demand after the election.
;;0.4019;;i felt that i should be proposer of pm modi and i wrote the letter, revealing my wish.
;;0.4019;;nasir wrote an open letter to pm modi , expressing his desire that he wanted to be part of team modis proposers on april 10.
;;0.0;;four proposers of pm modi include dom rajas descendant jagdish chaudhary, prof annpurna shukla, retired scientist dr ramashankar patel, and senior bjp leader subhash gupta.
;;0.128;;the party also lauded prime minister modi for unequivocally stating that kashmir is indias internal issue on the sidelines of the g7 summit and has refused intervention from any other country.
;;0.0;;this is the first time that skill development, which was made into a separate ministry when modi came to power, was displayed in a republic day tableau.
;;0.128;;modi had launched this scheme from haryanas panipat three years ago and the state continues to retain it as a the dominant theme.
;;0.8201;;salimganga rejuvenation, another ambitious project of modi , and make in india found little display in this years republic day parade, but the prime ministers rural housing scheme made a gorgeous entry.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and prabhu chawla.
;;0.0;;this picture of award-winning editor and tv anchor prabhu chawla with prime minister modi had us do a double take.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and union ministers have made frequent visits to the state and a lot of focus has been given on implementation of central schemes in odisha.
;;-0.6908;;having completed three years in office last week, prime minister modi could view the gross domestic product figures with some satisfaction after the doubts raised by his shock decision last november to scrap high-value banknotes in a move to flush out all the money indians hide from the taxman.
;;0.1531;;congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday said prime minister modi was avoiding a debate on the rafale issue though he had been challenging him to engage with him almost every day in view of open corruption in the aircraft deal.
;;0.1531;;i have been challenging prime minister modi for a debate on the issue almost every day.
;;0.4019;;sinha also hit out at prime minister modi for decisions such as demonetisation, implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), and asked him to come clean on the rafale deal issue.
;;-0.3182;;sinha, who has been critical of prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shahs leadership for long, joined the congress on saturday.
;;0.0;;the telephonic conversation between president donald trump and prime minister modi could set the tone for the future of indo-us relationship under a republican administration.
;;0.0;;modi is the fifth world leader trump has spoken to since taking over as us president on january 20.
;;0.0;;both modi and trump invited each other for state visits.
;;0.34;;modi and trump also discussed security in the region of south and central asia.
;;-0.5719;;modi and trump resolved that the united states and india stand shoulder to shoulder in the global fight against terrorism, which has been a priority for both of them.
;;0.0;;addressing the states maiden gis at ranchis khelgaon he said, we will hold our next global summit in 2019-20, and an nri summit on november 28, 29 and 30 in 2018,industry experts see this announcement as an effort by jharkhand to tread the path of gujarat, which too took similar initiatives to kick off an industrial boom during the term of prime minister modi as the chief minister of the western state.
;;0.0;;with its 200 million people, 19  muslim and 80  hindu, these differences are exacerbated in the seven-phase, 26-day electionvoting for which ends on march 8, 2017as prime minister modi embellished his development mantras with sectarian rhetoric.
;;0.7845;;the bjps changing election narrative, from development to identity, has been evident in the speeches of modi , bjp party president amit shah (here and here) and numerous other candidates who frequently talk of love jihadthe proposition that young muslim men try to lure hindu women into marriage and convert them to islamterrorism and slaughterhouses, shorthand for muslims.
;;0.128;;its convinced muslims across up to think that come what may, we need to stop modi.
;;0.128;;its convinced muslims across up to think that come what may, we need to stop modi.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister modi , who has been criticised for calling former prime minister rajiv gandhi corrupt, on wednesday launched a scathing counterstrike at congress chief rahul gandhi and his party with a laundry list of abuses hurled at him, before and after becoming the prime minister.
;;0.7717;;this is the truth of congresss dictionary of love, pm modi said, a clear rebuttal to rahul gandhi who frequently accuses pm modi of spreading hatred and presents himself who has only love in his heart.
;;-0.765;;also read | instead of punishing those guilty for 1984 riots, congress rewards them: pm modipm modi did not get into the row over rajiv gandhi at the rally.
;;-0.6705;;in tweets from one of his many interviews, the bjp had hours earlier quoted pm modi explaining that he had just mentioned what he described as an established fact and wondering why the congress and its ecosystem had no qualms clapping when he was abused.
;;0.5499;;prime minister modi modis peripatetic habits are sometimes criticised, but the truth is that new delhi has interests in countries many indians cannot place on a map.
;;0.6249;;gehlot has a huge task at hand to revive the partys fortunes in the home state of prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah given that the congress is struggling to come back to power in he state for the past 22 years.
;;-0.6369;;after quitting the bjp just before the first phase of the gujarat assembly polls on december 9, patole criticised prime minister modi and the party leadership over agrarian crisis in maharashtra.
;;0.6486;;the interesting thing is that modi made a clear statement that projects should be fast tracked, the minister said.
;;0.0;;modi wrapped up his sri lanka visit last week during which he took part in the international vesak day celebrations and addressed indian-origin tamils.
;;0.1779;;modi addressed tamils of indian origin in dickoya town in the tea growing central province of sri lanka and inaugurated a rs 150 crore super-speciality hospital built with indias assistance.
;;0.0;;the newly-developed civil terminal was inaugurated by prime minister modi on march 8 and is scheduled to start operationsflights to eight citiesby end of may.
;;0.4019;;also, prime minister modi had in march 2015 set a target of lowering import dependence on oil by 10 percentage points to 67  by 2022, when the country celebrates 75 years of independence.
;;0.0;;the 500 participants were shown video clips of prime minister modi and bill gates talking about digital india and investments.
;;0.0;;without an invitation, you can attend a marriage, but you cannot meet him or talk to him on the issue, congress lok sabha leader mallikarjun kharge said, referring to prime minister modi modis visit to pakistan on the day of marriage of nawaz sharifs daughter.
;;-0.6908;;this amounts to licence to kill, wrote indian medical association to prime minister modi on tuesday.
;;0.128;;congress president rahul gandhi and party general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra on sunday slammed prime minister modi modis remark the previous day terming rajiv gandhi, their late father and a former pm, as corrupt no.
;;-0.9081;;rahul gandhi and his sister priyanka gandhi, who is in charge of the congress in east up, launched scathing attacks on modi for his statement on rajiv gandhi, who was killed by a suicide bomber of a sri lankan separatist group in tamil nadu in 1991.
;;0.9081;;all my love and a huge hug, rahul gandhi tweeted, a message that also brought back memories of the congress leader hugging pm modi in parliament during a debate on a no-confidence motion against the government in july 2018.
;;-0.4363;;priyanka gandhi reminded modi that the country never forgives deceit, and tweeted: a prime minister, who insults the martyrdom of soldiers by asking for votes in their names, insulted the martyrdom of a righteous and noble man in his unbridled eccentricity.
;;0.6369;;the debate started after modi , addressing a rally in uttar pradeshs pratapgarh on saturday, said rahul gandhi, who alleges wrongdoing in the rafale fighter jet deal and claims the national democratic alliance (nda) government benefited only rich businessmen, was trying to tarnish his image.
;;-0.0258;;mayawati also accused modi of trying to create a rift in the sp-bsp alliance.
;;0.0;;in eastern uttar pradesh, modi continued with his tirade against the samajwadi party-bsp alliance on sunday, a day before the smallest phase of the lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;yadav hit out at modi saying the language of the prime minister has changed as in every phase [of the polls] the bjp is trailing.
;;0.4404;;i have sent letters to prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath to provide security and justice, which has been denied to me all these years, she said.
;;-0.4019;;we are not getting water to drink in tamil nadu, and pm modi has been ignoring our thirst.
;;-0.4215;;a farmer dressed as prime minister modi flogs protesting tamil nadu farmers at jantar mantar.
;;-0.4215;;if only modi would meet with us and hear us out, said 65-year-old palanichamy who has been protesting at the site since day one.
;;0.8481;;the sena also said if the development that the bjp keeps harping on had indeed been visible to the public, fadnavis and prime minister modi would have won popular support without even having to come out of their houses.
;;0.0;;flaying dmk leader mk stalins remarks that the palaniswami government was a proxy regime run by prime minister modi , ruling aiadmk faction said on sunday that he was making such remarks only for political mileage.
;;0.0;;earlier during the day, union information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu had slammed the dmk for terming the aiadmk regime a benami government of prime minister modi , asking if it was right to call the dmk benami of congress when it was holding office under the upa regime.
;;-0.296;;intriguingly, after a controversy over the mention of kabristan (burial ground) by prime minister modi at a poll rally during the up assembly elections in march, the word went missing from the manifesto.
;;0.5994;;bjp leaders here indicated that the choice will be made by the partys parliamentary board absolutely on the basis of the persons ability to deliver on the promises made by prime minister modi to the people of the state in the run-up to assembly elections.
;;0.6597;;modi had also promised to people at an election rally in uttarakhand in the last phase of campaigning that he will give them a good team which will perform under his direct supervision.
;;0.4767;;he regularly attracted attention for issuing fatwas against a number of persons including prime minister modi , bangladeshi writer taslima nasrin and canadian columnist tarek fateh.
;;0.0;;it was inaugurated by prime minster modi in november 2015.
;;0.7351;;prime minister modi had praised the state government for launching one district one product (odop) scheme which was supposed to benefit amla farmers by enabling them to get a suitable price and market for their produce.
;;0.2263;;prime minister modi during his akhnoor rally on march 28 had sent a strong warning to pakistan and militants saying any act detrimental to india will cost them heavily.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi , defence minister rajnath singh and home minister amit shah later reached the hospital to check on jaitley.
;;0.5023;;jaitley had pointed out that he had indicated to prime minister modi right after the campaign for the 2019 national elections ended that he had discharged the responsibilities assigned to him for the elections but would, for some time, like to concentrate on his treatment and health.
;;0.7964;;the spg with its 3,000 strong commandos now provides close proximate security to just four persons-- prime minister modi , congress president sonia gandhi and her two children -- rahul and priyanka, a security official said.
;;0.2263;;most of the union ministers, and even prime minister modi , were actively involved in canvassing for the bjp in these five states, especially in the countrys most populous state up, at a time when the impact of demonetisation threatened to unravel indias growth story.
;;0.0;;the final phase of polling in up on wednesday covers 40 assembly seats across seven districts, but the focus is on prime minister modi modis home turf varanasi.
;;-0.1531;;the aggressive campaign of the bjp saw modi staying put in varanasi for an unprecedented three days and almost all hindi-speaking ministers deployed in up to ramp up the poll pitch.
;;0.0;;the bjp went all out to campaign in these districts, the intensity more in five assembly segments of varanasi lok sabha constituency that modi represents.
;;0.0;;apart from modi , more than 20 union ministers, including rajnath singh, whose ancestral village is in chandauli, and three ministers from region  manoj kumar sinha, mahendra nath pandey and anupriya patel  have concentrated on the final phase.
;;-0.296;;external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar in new delhi said no bilateral meeting has been arranged between prime minister modi and his pakistani counterpart on the sidelines of the sco summit.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 27, 2019 08:17 isttwo-and-a-half years after prime minister modi laid the foundation stone of the all-india institute of medical sciences (aiims), bathinda, on november 25, 2016, classes for the first batch of around 50 mbss students will start from monday.
;;-0.6369;;a new video of an army jawan surfaced on social media on thursday in which he has alleged harassment by superiors for writing to prime minister modi over the problems faced by the soldiers.
;;0.4215;;the first proactive efforts at tackling the calamity was seen after the new government took over on may 30 with prime minister modi unveiling the jal shakti ministry, which has been formed by merging the ministry of water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation and ministry of drinking water and sanitation.
;;-0.1779;;raj also hit out at the bjp, prime minister modi , and bjp president amit shah, accusing them of conspiring to separate mumbai from maharashtra.
;;-0.1027;;he went as far as to call modi a liar, saying after demonetisation, modi promised a new india from january but this is still to materialise.
;;-0.7783;;the mns chief has been launching scathing attacks on prime minister modi over the ganga cleaning project, pulwama attack, ujjwala yojana, note ban, gst rollout, etc, at his rallies, which have attracted large crowds.
;;0.0;;we all know that prime minister modi has started an initiative of cleaning the country be it swachh bharat abhiyan or banning plastic in the country.
;;0.5267;;bjps stellar show in uttar pradesh not only leaves the opposition shell shocked, it also strengthens the grip of modi and shah over the party and the country.
;;0.25;;modi called him the man of the match for the bjps dream run in the 2014 general elections.
;;0.0;;do you think the duryodhan comment against prime minister modi was too much?
;;-0.743;;did it make you angry when mr modi attacked your father?
;;-0.4404;;video of a man seeking help from the prime minister modi , saying that he has been threatened for not paying the bookies after losing money in cricket betting, has prompted rajkot police to take action.
;;0.5994;;prime minister modi raised the campaign pitch at an election rally in fatehpur on sunday, taking an indirect dig at the samajwadi party for apparently creating a diwali-ramzan and kabristan-shamshaan divide.
;;0.3612;;here is why modi might have opted to tap into the political faultlines along the two communities:read: up elections: akhilesh flashes facts to counter modis claims of discrimination1) a multi-phase election is like a test match where strategies often need a re-look after every innings.
;;0.0;;moreover, prime minister modi represents the state in the lok sabha.
;;-0.3612;;responding to the congresss claims of having conducted surgical strikes, prime minister modi on friday had taken a swipe at the congress saying, when you have to do it on paper only, or in video games, then whether they (surgical strikes)?
;;-0.7003;;pm modi insulted army by saying upas surgical strikes were video games.
;;0.0;;before signing the visitors book at the excavation site, mukherjee indicated he would broach the subject of vikramshilas revival as a university with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;for all indian premier league 2017 stories | click herewe have invited prime minister modi , railway minister suresh prabhu, bollywood actor randeep hooda, haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar, entire state cabinet and many others from the sports and bollywood industries.
;;0.0;;this sort of dyeing was resorted to in a hurried manner to uproot the modi government in the last elections but everything faded in the heat of elections.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi understands this.
;;-0.4754;;in a tweet on sunday, prime minister modi said he was extremely pained by the incident.
;;0.0;;sbsp chief omprakash rajbhar on tuesday declared candidates on 39 parliamentary seats, including on varanasi lok sabha seat where prime minister modi is in fray as the bjp candidate.
;;0.7717;;the modi government is all set to initiate independent indias greatest military reforms with the creation of integrated theatre commands based on geographical areas of operation or functionality and a single-point military advisor designated as chief of defence staff (cds).
;;-0.3612;;south block sources told hindustan times that a discussion on the subject has already taken place between prime minister modi and defence minister manohar parrikar.
;;0.0;;41 crore bank deposit kept in the country by absconder nirav modis sister modi and brother-in-law maiank mehta on the request of the enforcement directorate (ed), the agency said.
;;0.5267;;41 crore) in the bank account is maintained by british virgin islands-based pavilion point corporation, a company beneficially owned by the two relatives of nirav modi , ed said in a statement issued on tuesday.
;;-0.5423;;the money has been frozen on the request of ed on the ground that deposits in the bank account were made from proceeds of crime illegally siphoned off by nirav modi from the punjab national bank (pnb), it said.
;;-0.7351;;nirav modi is currently under arrest in london for the alleged pnb bank fraud.
;;0.0;;ed, along with the cbi, is investigating nirav modi , his uncle mehul choksi and others for alleged money laundering and corruption to defraud the brady house branch of the pnb in mumbai to the tune of over rs 13,000 crore.
;;-0.5859;;nirav modi has been absconding since the alleged bank fraud that came to light last year.
;;0.0;;the ed has also filed a chargesheet against nirav modi alleging that he laundered and diverted over rs 6,400 crore of bank funds abroad to dummy companies that were under his and his familys control.
;;0.0;;it includes nirav modi , his father deepak modi , brother neeshal modi , sister modi , brother-in-law maiank mehta and designer jewellers firms -- solar exports, stellar diamonds and diamonds r us.
;;-0.7184;;also watch | i have lost my friend arun: pm modi condoles jaitleys demisejaitley died of organ failure at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in new delhi on saturday at the age of 66.
;;-0.6908;;his illness forced him to opt out of the government when the second national democratic alliance (nda) government headed by prime minister modi was sworn in on may 30.
;;0.8481;;the senior supreme court lawyer was a key strategist of the bjp and held several important portfolios including finance, defence, commerce and industry, corporate affairs, and law and justice in the governments of prime minister modi and the late atal bihari vajpayee.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister modi on saturday blamed manipurs congress government for not taking the necessary steps to end the economic blockade that has crippled the north-eastern state.
;;-0.296;;modi also attacked the congress for ruining the state by not providing jobs on the basis of merit.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi started his g20 visit with a meeting with japanese pm shinzo abe on the sidelines of the summit after his arrival in japan on thursday.
;;0.6808;;prime minister modi thanked japanese pm for the compliments while acknowledging that abe was the first to call after his victory.
;;0.4404;;watch| pm modi in osaka for g20 summit, to meet trump, macron, abe on sidelinesduring his many meetings; he is expected to elaborate on many issues of global importance and present indias viewpoint, prime ministers office had tweeted when he reached japan.
;;0.296;;modi will also join separate meetings of the russia-india-china (ric) and japan-america-india (jai) trilateral forums while attending the summit in osaka, people familiar with developments said.
;;0.0;;modi will hold some 10 bilateral meetings on the sidelines of the g20 summit, including one with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan.
;;0.7964;;modi and trump had agreed on the bilateral meeting when the united states president called the indian leader last month to congratulate him on his re-election.
;;0.2732;;us secretary of state mike pompeos visit set the stage for a bilateral meeting between modi and trump as india and the us on wednesday agreed to work through differences on trade issues and new delhis arms purchases from russia.
;;-0.3182;;2-billion deal to procure s-400 missile defence systems from russia, trade-related differences, tensions in the persian gulf, and the indo-pacific figured in pompeos discussions with prime minister modi and external affairs minister s jaishankar.
;;0.5267;;but we are protesting against bhattacharyas comment by adding driver to our names, much like what bjp supporters did during the last election to show support to prime minister modi , said a teacher from jorhat refusing to disclose his identity.
;;0.128;;the two schemes were launched by the modi government with an aim to electrify each indian household by march 2019.
;;0.0;;the modi government announced ddugjy in its previous term soon after it came to power in 2014.
;;0.128;;in september 2018, prime minister modi launched saubhagya, a rs 16,320-crore scheme to provide electricity to all rural households across the country by december 2018.
;;-0.7579;;while aiadmk general secretary vk sasikala wrote a letter to prime minister modi , noting that the ban on the bull taming sport had caused resentment in the state, a 27-member delegation led by lok sabha deputy speaker m thambidurai submitted a memorandum to the prime ministers office in this regard.
;;0.5574;;also bulls are worshipped as a deity by the religious in tamil nadu and care is always taken by the youth taming them (to) not to inflict any pain on them, sasikala told modi in a letter.
;;0.0;;the government is not an elected contractor but think what you can contribute for the country, prime minister modi said on thursday.
;;0.5106;;effusively praising the capabilities of indian women, modi maintained that from panchayet to parliament, from village wells to silicon valley indian women are dominating everywhere.
;;0.128;;the book, edited by former state bjp president mahesh chandra sharma, was launched by prime minister modi at new delhis vigyan bhawan on october 9 last year.
;;0.7184;;prime minister modi , congress vice president rahul gandhi and samajwadi party (sp) leader akhilesh yadav cleverly used this loophole to send a message to the voters of uttar pradesh, a day ahead of the seventh and final phase of polling in the state.
;;-0.296;;modi accused the akhilesh yadav government of slow development works in uttar pradesh, while inaugurating multiple projects at bharuch in gujarat and addressing a function to commemorate the centenary celebrations of yogoda satsanga society of india in delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.875;;gandhi used a congress convention in delhi to launch a blistering attack on the prime minister for conducting back-to-back road shows in varanasi while akhilesh hit out at modi in lucknow during a press conference on the issue of rape accused and absconding ministerial colleague gayatri prajapati.
;;0.0;;during the separate functions in delhi and gujarat, modi made several references to varanasi and uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;in delhi, modi recalled how paramhansa yogananda, who founded the yogoda satsanga society in 1917, is still remembered in kashi and his teachings, which are as pure as maa ganga, continue to flow within many in the holy city where he spent his childhood.
;;0.0;;gandhi also took on modi over his maa ganga comment in which he called himself the son of the holy river.
;;0.1027;;in 2014, the congress leader said modi sought votes in the name of maa ganga, and then abandoned her after winning the elections.
;;0.4215;;while akhilesh spoke on the prajapati issue, he also used the opportunity to hit out at modi.
;;-0.0516;;he said modi , like israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu, was electioneering based on fear and nationalist feeling.
;;0.5574;;in his first mann ki baat radio show in 2018, prime minister modi talked about the women achievers who have contributed immensely to the positive transformation of the country.
;;0.5106;;-modi also appreciated the women of dantewada in chhattisgarh.
;;0.0;;-pm modi hails all-woman staffers at a railway station in mumbais matunga.
;;0.7184;;there is no clarity on who prime minister modi favours, although sources said his partys ideological mentor, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), has sought to back either party veteran murli manohar joshi or foreign minister sushma swaraj for the job.
;;-0.2846;;countering ram ujagir, ram babu verma of amwa village said prime minister modi had, in his address at maya bazar on may 1, had said both the samajwadi party (sp) and the bahujan samaj party (bsp) used the name of ambedkar and ram manohar lohia but did little for the empowerment of the weaker section and development of backward districts.
;;-0.2023;;as a damage control measure, pandey shared the dais with prime minister modi during his may 1 rally.
;;-0.0772;;my people wanted me to turn rebel but i am with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6249;;it was a great experience working with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;i have worked with three prime ministers but modi is extraordinary.
;;0.0;;people believed to be from the patidar community seeking job quota in gujarat threw eggs on the cavalcade of bjp president amit shah on monday night, hours before prime minister modi modis two-day trip to his home state beginning tuesday.
;;0.0;;officials said modi will begin the tour from surat where he will arrive at 2.
;;-0.4767;;congress president rahul gandhi on thursday continued his attack on the government over the rafale aircraft deal and said prime minister modi was not answering his questions because there was something fishy in it.
;;0.4939;;editorialsupdated: sep 10, 2019 17:12 istprime minister modi on monday said that india will restore 26 million hectares (ha) of degraded land by 2030, taking up the target by five million ha from the current 21 million ha.
;;0.0;;he claimed that the officials refrained from frisking the choppers and vehicles used in prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shahs election campaign in uttarakhand.
;;0.0;;we are a developing country, we meet those criteria, said foreign secretary vijay gokhale in a press briefing before prime minister modi modis us visit.
;;0.0;;from september 21-27, pm modi will visit the us.
;;0.0;;the prime minister will address a rally of indian americanshowdy modi!
;;0.0;;gandhi, who had used his twitter handle to launch many jibes at pm modi during the election campaign, also went silent on social media.
;;-0.1531;;a day after bengal chief minister mamata banerjee said at a public rally that prime minister modi is drenched in blood from head to feet, alluding to the 2002 gujarat riots, bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders in bengal lashed out at her, alleging that the blood stains are in fact on the hands of the trinamool congress (tmc) leader.
;;0.3818;;state bjp president dilip ghosh said that the stronger the bjp got in bengal, the more banerjee was targeting modi personally.
;;-0.7096;;while banerjee has called modi a liar, ravana and expiry babu (signalling his term as pm has expired), modi has coined a name speed breaker didi for mamata, meaning her puts obstacles on the path of development that modi has envisaged for west bengal.
;;0.0;;on monday, while addressing a public rally in bishnupur in bankura district, about 130 km from kolkata, the bengal chief minister shot back at earlier comments by modi that bengal under her was known for trinamool tolabazi tax.
;;0.8271;;when modi comes to bengal and alleges tolabazi, i feel like giving him a slap of democracy, said banerjee on tuesday at a public rally, raising her right hand in a motion of slapping.
;;-0.8316;;panda said the opposition, which is in panic mode, has been abusing modi , referring to banerjees remarks that modi should get a tight slap of democracy to attack the opposition.
;;0.6705;;he wrote a strongly worded letter to the ec last week seeking to know whether the ec would prevent national security advisor and intelligence bureau chief from meeting prime minister modi and also impose restrictions on the prime minister from conducting review meetings.
;;0.0;;after appearing before a court here and getting bail in a defamation case filed by bihar deputy chief minister modi , gandhi was on his way back to the airport to catch his return flight.
;;0.0;;upon emerging from the court, gandhi had told reporters, whoever raises a voice against the modi government or the bjp-rss gets cases slapped against him.
;;-0.5106;;the bihar deputy cm had filed the defamation case against the then congress president in april this year alleging that he was aggrieved by a speech delivered by gandhi in a maharashtra district wherein he had made the remark why is it that all thieves have the surname modi.
;;-0.7845;;the deputy cm had alleged that gandhis remark, obviously aimed at the prime minister besides bank fraud accused nirav modi and former ipl commissioner modi , had made him feel insulted since he shared the same surname.
;;0.0;;it was for this misdeed that he had to depose before the court, modi wrote on twitter.
;;0.4767;;contrary to aaps strategy, the bjp  riding high on the popularity of prime minister modi  is attempting to bring issues such as nationalism and partys electoral surge in other parts of the country at the centre of the civic body poll discourse.
;;-0.4404;;the issue has come under criticism from various muslim bodies, including the all india muslim personal law board (aimplb), while prime minister modi has denounced the practice, urging muslims not to view the issue through a political lens.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis lookalike abhinandan pathak on friday filed his nomination papers from lucknow lok sabha constituency where union home minister rajnath singh is in the fray.
;;0.4767;;pathak, often referred to as chhota modi by his friends, said he would also file his nomination papers against the pm in varanasi on april 26.
;;-0.4767;;the congress may have curtailed anti-incumbency factor for the sp but the rivals, especially prime minister modi , started firing on all cylinders.
;;0.0;;if akhilesh made it his election, the bjp and the bsp also used the faces of modi and mayawati to take on the rivals.
;;-0.6956;;but as the poll campaign began, modi lost no time is attempting to puncture akhileshs slogan of kaam bolta hai (work speaks) with kaarnamey boltey hain (deeds are showing).
;;-0.1027;;prime minister modi and bihar chief minister nitish kumar have similar pattern of functioning on issues of development, this similarity is despite the diametrically opposite political views that these two leaders subscribe to, said boillot, while addressing the lecture on arthashastra - the paradox of modernity in ancient times & beyond, on the occasion of silver jubilee celebrations of asian development research institute (adri) here on friday.
;;0.0;;j j boillot (ht photo )later speaking to ht after the address, boillot elaborated that the point of similarity between modi and kumar is that the concept of a dominant state is prevalent in mode of functioning of both these leaders.
;;-0.0516;;also read: chandrayaan 2 moon landing: 60 students to watch india make history along with prime minister modi at isroheres a look at the space agencys big achievements over the years:super spy satellite in 2019: isro, in its third mission of the year in may this year, successfully put into orbit an earth observation satellite that can see through thick clouds and enhance the countrys surveillance capabilities in military and civilian sectors to keep an eye also on terror camps across the border in pakistan.
;;0.0258;;the centre wednesday informed rajya sabha that it has not yet given its nod to change the name of west bengal to bangla as proposed by the state government following which chief minister mamata banerjee dashed off a letter to prime minister modi for expediting the matter.
;;0.0;;congress has found a word to taunt prime minister modi in uttarakhand: mitron (friends).
;;0.0;;its a word modi uses often in his speeches.
;;0.0;;the congress has put up several posters with slogans starting with mitron across haridwar in uttarakhand, where modi will address an election meeting on friday.
;;-0.5574;;minutes before modi landed in the hill state, chief minister harish rawat also fired five questions to the prime minister who flaunts his 56-inch chest.
;;0.2732;;the tactic of taking modi by surprise with similar slogans and questions is a repeat of bihar where chief minister nitish kumar did the same to the prime minister before his rally in muzaffarpur.
;;-0.5106;;congress strategists said the idea behind the haridwar posters was to raise uncomfortable questions that modi allegedly avoids.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah have entrusted adityanath with the task of repeating the partys performance in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;-0.4019;;the governments explainer note circulated to the media today also quoted arun jaitleys arguments on article 370, signalling that though he may have opted out of government in modi 2.
;;0.0;;also read:pm modi to address nation to explain big kashmir moveleaders in the know told hindustan times that when arun jaitley was recuperating last year from his kidney transplant, he had time to focus on some reading and research.
;;0.1531;;also watch| article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi , shah and doval orchestrated movewhile many legal opinions were taken, jaitley also provided his own backing of the theory that the article 370 was temporary and could be reversed with a presidential order.
;;0.4215;;in two tweets, arun jaitley also complimented prime minister modi and home minister amit shah for correcting the historical blunder.
;;0.743;;karnatakas voters have to choose between the bharatiya janata party (bjp) that works for progress and the congress that has only the name of its top leadership, said prime minister modi on tuesday.
;;-0.6486;;modi criticised congress leader and karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah for fighting elections from two seats and his son from another.
;;0.3612;;modi will address 15 rallies in five days across karnataka, which votes for its 224-seat assembly on may 12, underlining the states importance for his government.
;;-0.0258;;her announcement assumes significance as it could pave way for formation of a larger front to stop the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha elections when prime minister modi seeks a second term.
;;-0.6597;;the shiv sena on monday criticised prime minister modi for his recent visit to china, which it said had no particular agenda, and questioned him on what was achieved by such a trip.
;;-0.6808;;in an editorial in the partys mouthpiece saamana, the sena slammed modi for not taking up crucial issues with chinese president xi jinping, such as pakistan-sponsored terrorism, the china pakistan economic corridor (cpec) and chinese incursions in arunachal pradesh, doklam, uttarakhand and ladakh, during the two-day meeting that was described as an informal summit.
;;0.0;;so what did modi do during his visit to china?
;;0.2023;;the editorial is the latest in a series of criticisms by the sena of modi and his party.
;;0.1027;;the editorial said modi , who has criticised jawaharlal nehru time and again, seems to be adopting nehrus panchsheel (five-point) plan for peaceful co-existence.
;;0.2158;;modi does not miss an opportunity to criticise nehru, but like the first pm, modi , too, is adopting a panchsheel policy in his dealings with china.
;;-0.5499;;former finance minister yashwant sinha on sunday said prime minister modi is not the issue, but the problems faced by the people of the country are.
;;0.0;;its modi government.
;;0.4019;;the party is being run by just two persons, he said, in an oblique reference to modi and bjp national president amit shah.
;;-0.7906;;pak-sponsored terrorism and cross-border firing continue despite the efforts by modi.
;;0.0;;as to which political leader would take on modi during the 2019 general elections, sinha said that leaders are not made but they evolve.
;;0.0;;modi was a chief minister before becoming prime minister.
;;0.7184;;columnsupdated: sep 16, 2019 21:30 istwhen united states (us) president donald trump joins prime minister modi modis 50,000-strong public rally in houston next week, it will showcase the strength of the us-india relationship.
;;0.25;;uttar pradesh will be prime minister modi modis dream state, said the bjp leader, who is also an mp from gorakhpur.
;;0.4404;;a city that rises early and exercises has a bright future, gupta said, lauding the efforts of prime minister modi and yoga guru ramdev in making the ancient culture a part of our daily routine.
;;0.4019;;she also took on prime minister modi and turned bharatiya janata party chief amit shahs metaphorical kasab, an acronym for the hindi pronunciation of congress-sp-bsp, on its head.
;;0.0;;9) twin villages in uttar pradesh adopted by pm modi seek more attentionjayapur is one of the two villages adopted by prime minister modi in his varanasi lok sabha constituency under the sansad adarsh gram yojna in 2014.
;;-0.6705;;union minister of parliamentary affairs pralhad joshi attacked karnataka chief minister hd kumaraswamy on thursday for asking employees of a thermal power plant to take their grievances to prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.3291;;you vote for modi but expect me to solve your problems, he told the employees.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 17:58 istprime minister modi on wednesday took a trip down the memory lane during 20th india-russia summit at vladivostok, recalling the summit of november 2001 when he was a part of late atal bihari vajpayees delegation as chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.4939;;that time, i was honoured to be a part of his delegation as gujarat cm, tweeted modi.
;;0.0;;i remember annual summit of 2001, first one held in russia when he was president and i had come with former prime minister of india atal bihari vajpayees delegation as gujarat chief minister, quoted prime minister modi as saying in a joint statement.
;;0.0;;he also made it a point to get thackeray on board when prime minister modi performed the jalpujan for the shivaji statue off the mumbai coast.
;;0.6486;;imran khan (@imrankhanpti) july 23, 2019in his initial remarks with khan at the white house on monday, trump offered to help resolve the kashmir issue between india and pakistan and even claimed that prime minister modi had requested for mediation on kashmir when they met a few weeks ago in osaka.
;;-0.6705;;india has rejected trumps claim with external affairs minister s jaishankar telling parliament that pm modi made no such request.
;;0.0;;we have the king so we do not need any kingmakers, madhav said in a reference to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;youve just met home minister amit shah, what kind of relationship do you see with him and prime minister modi modi?
;;0.6705;;when prime minister modi gave the slogan sabka saath sabka vikas, he actually showed his determination to bring development for all sections of the society and succeeded.
;;-0.6249;;it was bjps modi who gave pakistan a befitting reply by striking terrorists inside its territory.
;;-0.4019;;his remarks came a day after modi during his independence day speech from the ramparts of the red fort, said that population explosion will cause many problems for our future generations.
;;-0.4767;;the attack happened days after prime minister modi made an unscheduled visit at former pakistani premier nawaz sharifs home as a goodwill gesture.
;;0.5106;;ashtari also took to online petition forum change.org and appealed to prime minister modi to come to her rescue.
;;0.4019;;the announcement comes at a time when prime minister modi has put special emphasis on saving and educating the girl child in the country.
;;0.0;;people voted either for or against prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;but modi understands the fact that political waves have their limitations, and, after a while, they start reversing the course.
;;0.4019;;modi knows that if the mps walk 150-km in their constituencies, it will help infuse a sense of responsibility.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: aug 27, 2019 02:32 istprime minister modi on monday highlighted indias large scale efforts towards eliminating single use plastic, conserving water, harnessing solar energy and, protecting flora and fauna for a sustainable future in his address to a g7 session on environment here.
;;0.4019;;modi is attending the g7 summit in this french town of biarritz on special invitation of french president emmanuel macron.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi said he addressed the session where he highlighted indias large scale efforts towards eliminating single use plastic, conserving water, harnessing solar energy and, protecting flora and fauna for a sustainable future.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi won the varanasi parliamentary seat by 479,505 votes on thursday, bettering his victory margin of 2014 when he had defeated aam aadmi party chief arvind kejriwal by over 371,784 votes.
;;0.6597;;this time, modi polled 674,664 voters while his nearest rival shalini yadav of the samajwadi party secured 195,159 votes.
;;0.0;;modi was among 26 candidates in the fray in varanasi this time.
;;0.0;;prof vishwash chandra srivastava, who taught political science at dav degree college here, recalled that modi visited varanasi 20 times in the last five years and gifted development projects to the city almost every time.
;;0.4404;;in 2014, people voted for modi with the hope of development, srivastava said.
;;0.0;;locals also talked about heritage lighting, urinals and community toilets along the roads in the city, he said, adding all these factors helped modi.
;;-0.9493;;jignesh mevani asks modi to speak up on violence against dalitsjignesh mevani, gujarat mla and dalit leader, has criticised prime minister modi for his alleged silence on caste violence and accused his government of harassing him.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will be coming to barmer on january 16, where he will lay down the foundation of oil refinery proposed at pachpadra.
;;0.4019;;the party has also declared its candidates for a majority of assembly seats in prime minister modi modis varanasi lok sabha constituency.
;;0.3612;;speaking at the closing ceremony of the sesquicentennial celebrations of allahabad high court, prime minister modi on sunday emphasised the importance of using information and communication technologies (icts) such as video conferencing to streamline the judicial process.
;;-0.1027;;q: people in the state are unhappy owing to the massive cash crunch caused by prime minister modi modis move to recall high value currency notes.
;;0.7096;;not only did lalu help the grand alliance win the elections convincingly but also thwarted prime minister modi modi's attempts to establish a bjp rule in bihar.
;;-0.296;;firstly, there is no change in the position that the jd(u) took in 2013 when it decided to break its 17-year alliance with the bjp over the naming of modi as the bjps prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.6124;;on the other hand, if kumar stays in the opposition camp there are chances that he might be projected as the prime ministerial candidate against modi in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.3612;;trump also said that when he met prime minister modi in osaka on the sidelines of the g-20 summit, the latter had asked him if he would like to mediate on kashmir.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi likely to visit the us in september for the un general assembly meetingtrump and khan were to hold delegation-level meetings after the opening remarks, during which afghanistan and counter-terrorism would be the chief topics of discussion.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 23:59 istindia and russia are opposed to external interference in the internal affairs of any country, prime minister modi said on wednesday as the two countries signed several energy deals to bolster bilateral economic ties.
;;0.4019;;although modi didnt name any country in his remarks following the annual summit with russian president vladimir putin in the far east port city of vladivostok, they came against the backdrop of pakistans efforts to internationalise indias move to scrap jammu and kashmirs special status last month.
;;0.0;;the russian leader described india as a key partner and said he maintained close official and personal ties with modi.
;;0.7845;;foreign secretary vijay gokhale told a media briefing that modi had explained to putin the rationale behind the changes in kashmir and thanked the russian president for giving a clear message on the issue.
;;0.3182;;with india-russia trade stagnating in recent years, modi and putin decided to increase trade from the current annual level of about $11 billion to $30 billion by 2025.
;;0.0;;modi, who is also the chief guest at the eastern economic forum to be held in vladivostok on thursday, travelled on a corvette from ajax bay to zvezda shipyard.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister modi and trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamata banerjee sustained their rancorous war of words until the last moment, and the entire opposition ranged behind the latter and against the election commission of india (ec), before the campaign drums fell silent prematurely in west bengal on thursday, three days before the seventh and final phase of voting in the 17th general election.
;;0.0;;on thursday, the acrimony between modi and banerjee centred on the vandalising of a bust of bengali renaissance icon and social reformer ishwar chandra vidyasagar by a crowd that stormed vidyasagar college on kolkatas college street at the roadshow.
;;0.5994;;modi let go of a salvo even before he reached west bengal to address his last two rallies, accusing tmc supporters of being responsible for the vandalism, repeating an allegation made by shah the previous day.
;;0.2023;;after reaching mathurapur in bengal, modi alleged that the local police, in connivance with the state government, was trying to wipe out evidence such as cctv footage of the involvement of tmc workers in the vandalism.
;;0.0;;the tmc chief dared modi to prove his claim that tmc supporters damaged the statue.
;;0.2263;;at a rally in mandirbazar in support of trinamool lok sabha candidate cm jatua, banerjee said modi was a liar the like of which we have never seen in the country.
;;-0.3703;;he, however, said he will not pre-judge the verdict of the people and launched an all-out attack on prime minister modi for having lost the opportunity given by the people to take the country forward.
;;-0.4019;;refusing to spell out the oppositions strategy ahead of the lok sabha poll results on may 23, gandhi told a press conference that unlike modi , the congress will use the experience of veterans such as upa chairperson sonia gandhi and former prime minister manmohan singh.
;;0.1779;;gandhi said the congress party has dismantled modis ideology that has worked to systematically close down every door to stop modi from escaping.
;;0.4939;;i dont see mayawati ji, mulayam singh yadav ji, mamata ji, chandrababu naidu ji, i dont see any of these people supporting the bjp, modi government, he claimed, adding that the congress has alliances in a number of states.
;;0.4404;;he claimed that the congress has done its job well in playing the role of the opposition and has come out with an a grade as its strategy about two years ago was to systematically close every single door for modi.
;;0.8695;;he said the congress party has done a tremendous job and felt pride that it fought modi and the bjp and protected the institutions of this country from them and the rss, saying we have done so successfully.
;;0.128;;gandhi said modi has lost an opportunity to take forward the country.
;;0.6486;;he said he would have liked to see modi actually take on the challenge of joblessness and work towards helping farmers.
;;0.0;;gandhi said modi is now suddenly finding himself with nothing to show.
;;-0.8979;;taking on prime minister modi , the senior congress leader said: prime minister had said that terrorists were hunted even when they were hiding in hell.
;;-0.6808;;in our religion, we say har har mahadev but our religious sentiments have been hurt by the bjp as they say har har modi.
;;0.7003;;prime minister modi modis leadership generates a lot of hope, and it is benefitting all of us.
;;0.0;;narendra modi understood one thing which earlier prime ministers did not.
;;0.4364;;so the benefits that have come from modi to villages have been direct.
;;0.0;;2014 was an election centred on the persona of modi modi.
;;0.0;;do you see a 2014-type wave for modi and the bjp?
;;0.5423;;a certain amount of anti-incumbency would have set in against individual candidates but there is huge goodwill for modi.
;;-0.875;;prime minister modi on thursday said his government managed to contain terrorism to only two and a half districts in jammu and kashmir and that no bomb blast took place elsewhere in the country in last five years.
;;0.7845;;the high-level delegations visit stems from the joint desire of prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath to transform uttar pradesh into one of the most industrially developed states in the country with the best social indicators, he said.
;;-0.0966;;in another tweet, he said: indians, sikhs in us are not feeling safe and asked prime minister modi to take up their security with the us president donald trump.
;;-0.765;;the bjp will rush a team to kannur, the north kerala district where a saffron activist was murdered by alleged cpi(m) workers, as the contentious issue may figure in talks between chief minister pinarayi vijayan and prime minister modi in delhi on monday.
;;0.1531;;controversial kolkata cleric noor-ur-rehman barkati said on friday he will remove the red beacon atop his car if prime minister modi and other minister scrapped their security arrangements.
;;-0.743;;on january 8, a complaint was lodged against the controversial cleric demanding his arrest after he slammed prime minister modi and issued a fatwa against the bjp leader.
;;0.4404;;barkati is better known as the fatwa imam for issuing fatwas against personalities ranging from taslima nasreen to modi modi.
;;0.0;;my condolences, modi tweeted.
;;-0.1027;;the supreme court monday asked congress mp sushmita dev to bring on record ecs orders giving clean chit to prime minister modi and bharatiya janata party president amit shah on several complaints of mcc violations over their alleged hate speeches and using armed forces for political propaganda.
;;-0.7269;;senior advocate a m singhvi, appearing for dev, said the ec has passed unreasoned orders while dismissing complaints of mcc violations against modi and shah and moreover, there have been reports of dissent by one of the election commissioners in passing some of the decisions.
;;-0.7269;;dev, in her plea, has alleged inaction by ec in deciding complaints against modi and shah and has said that it was a sign of invidious discrimination as also arbitrary, capricious and impermissible as it was destructive of the integrity of electoral process.
;;-0.765;;the plea listed out several alleged instances of mcc violations by modi and shah in their meetings and referred to as the first violation the speech of modi at a rally at wardha, maharashtra, on april 1 where he had allegedly raised the issue of bhagva aatankwad (saffron terror).
;;0.0;;ec had said that it has already decided two out of the 11 complaints which were filed by the congress party against modi and shah.
;;-0.34;;bills worth rs 119 crore pending towards cash-strapped air india, generated for some foreign visits of prime minister modi , have been cleared against the back drop of a long battle by a retired naval officer using the rti act.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has undertaken 27 visits abroad since assuming the office on may 26, 2014, according to the pmo website.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi tweeted, delighted to know that in a span of 10 days there have been over 10 million downloads of the bhim app.
;;0.8225;;while bhim rivals think that it is nice to have competition, as it increase the awareness of wallets, especially as modi is campaigning for it, but its success will depend on many other factors.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, bhim continues to be patronised by modi.
;;-0.8442;;the congress on monday hit out at prime minister modi over his remarks that cloud cover could help iaf planes evade pakistani radars during the balakot strikes, saying that while boasting he disrespected war strategy and committed an unforgivable crime.
;;0.7311;;taking a swipe at modi , congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala tweeted, in 70 years no pm has made fun of military might, but modi ji kept his raw wisdom above militarys professionalism.
;;0.0;;the cpi(m) has also moved the election commission, alleging that modi had revealed operational details of a sensitive military mission in the interview with the purpose to influence voters.
;;-0.4588;;rejecting the charge, senior bjp leader and union minister prakash javadekar had said, pm modi did not reveal anything (about the balakot strike) he was not supposed to reveal.
;;0.1779;;he hit out at the prime minister for giving out details of the operation, saying the armed forces had kept it a secret but modi himself was making them public.
;;-0.1877;;then he brought in clouds, we have not seen such jokes about the pm of a country that are now coming about modi ji.
;;0.1779;;in another dig at modi , senior congress leader kapil sibal tweeted, balakot secret revealed by modi: i thought there are clouds, we can escape radar.
;;0.0772;;a fat tax will be charged on junk food, if prime minister modi clears a recommendation from a team of top bureaucrats he had constituted to suggest ideas on health, sanitation and urban development in this years budget.
;;0.0;;in an interview to this newspaper, prime minister modi emphasised that this is a high-stakes election, meant to determine the future of the country.
;;0.0;;and at the centre of it is mr modi himself.
;;0.1406;;mr modi defended his record on job creation  but this is an area in which legitimate questions could be raised about the governments policies.
;;-0.6956;;mr modi did concede that courtesy should be maintained, but added that he has been a victim of such attacks.
;;-0.6249;;senior goa aam aadmi party leader oscar rebello hit out at his outfits obsession with prime minister modi , saying the partys criticism of the demonetisation exercise and the surgical strikes appeared to have had boomeranged.
;;-0.296;;the opposition parties have started a malicious campaign saying prime minister modi has intentionally imposed a ban during the month of ramzan, said singh.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister modi was concerned about the childrens death, said nadda.
;;0.0772;;these immediate challenges to the economy topped the extensive discussion that prime minister modi and senior cabinet colleagues had on wednesday with economists and sector experts from across the country.
;;0.4019;;the bjp has lined up rallies to be addressed by prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah in rajasthan next week to boost its lok sabha election campaign.
;;0.0;;modi will address public meetings in the mewar and marwar regions where polling for the first phase of election in rajasthan will be held on april 29.
;;0.4019;;on april 21, modi will address a rally in chittorgarh in support of bjp candidate cp joshi.
;;0.0;;modi will address rallies in udaipur and jodhpur on april 22.
;;-0.2755;;57am: prime minister modi does not like to discuss fundamental issues, alleges rahul gandhi.
;;-0.1938;;mr modi likes to discuss bullet train and other issues but does not like to discuss fundamental issues:congress president rahul gandhi in bengaluru.
;;0.4588;;bjp is dedicated to their development: pm modi to minority leaders in karnataka.
;;0.0;;9am: pm modi is addressing the sc, st, obc and slum morcha karyakartas of karnataka bjp.
;;0.0;;bjp sources said he may lead an all-party delegation to meet prime minister modi to request a loan waiver for farmers in maharashtra.
;;0.0258;;sena legislators have threatened to disallow the state government from presenting the state budget for 2017-18 if the chief minister does not meet modi to seek the centres approval for a farm loan waiver in maharashtra.
;;-0.128;;they asked for a delegation of sena legislators, members of parliament and ministers to meet prime minister modi to discuss the partys demand.
;;0.3182;;though the supreme court had asked the government to do it quickly but prime minister modi made it a roadshow and chief minister yogi too joined it, akhilesh said.
;;0.0;;the ndmc in a meeting on friday passed the resolution a day after prime minister modi had announced the renaming at st petersburg while issuing a joint statement with russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;there is also a similar proposal to rename teen murti marg as teen murti haifa marg, after the third-largest city in the country of israel ahead of prime minister modi modis visit in july.
;;0.4019;;3) trivendra singh rawat takes over as cm of uttarakhandtrivendra singh rawat will be sworn-in as the eighth chief minister of the hill state today at the parade ground at dehradun in the presence of prime minister modi , bjp chief amit shah and several national and state party leaders.
;;0.6115;;prime minister modi said on monday he had a very good interaction with german chancellor angela merkel as he met the leader at her country retreat near berlin for informal talks.
;;-0.7506;;modi, who arrived in berlin earlier in the day to start his six-day, four-nation tour of germany, spain, russia and france, also urged europe to play a lead role in tackling the menace of terrorism.
;;0.7579;;during their meeting, modi and merkel enjoyed the sunshine with a walk in the grounds of schloss meseberg, an 18th century baroque castle in the brandenburg district of germany which is the official state guest house of the german chancellor.
;;0.4588;;chancellor merkel receives prime minister modi at schloss messeberg before a private dinner, said a ministry of external affairs statement alongside images of the two leaders in conversation in the luxurious gardens of the grand palace.
;;0.5965;;twitter.com/5sqb5l205m  modi (@narendramodi) may 29, 2017the meeting has been described as a very informal affair where the two leaders are believed to have discussed issues of mutual interest, with the more formal engagements of modis two-day visit to germany set to kick off on tuesday.
;;0.0;;german chancellor angela merkel and indian prime minister modi walk through the garden of the government guest house meseberg palace.
;;0.0;;german chancellor angela merkel talks to indian prime minister modi during their meeting at the german government guesthouse meseberg palace in meseberg, germany on may 29.
;;0.7579;;in reference to germany as the host of the g20 summit in hamburg in july, modi offered indias full support for a successful outcome.
;;0.3612;;modi will end his german tour with a courtesy call on german president, dr frank-walter steinmeier, at his official residence of castle bellevue before leaving for spain tuesday evening.
;;-0.7964;;a delhi university student allegedly made a hoax bomb-alert call to disrupt a rally by prime minister modi as he was angry over the demonetisation exercise and wants the bjp to lose the uttar pradesh assembly elections, police have said.
;;-0.5106;;deepak was angry with the functioning of the modi government.
;;-0.8658;;the modi government had banned rs 1,000 and rs 500 banknotes in a shock announcement on november 8, leading to an unprecedented cash crisis across the country.
;;0.0258;;25 lakh beneficiaries under ayushman bharat that provides for illness cover of up to rs 5 lakh per annum, she had said just ahead of the march 3 rally of prime minister modi in amethi.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi greeted abu dhabi crown prince mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, with, quite literally, open arms as he arrived in new delhi on tuesday to attend the republic day celebrations.
;;0.6369;;prime minister modi greets sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi and deputy supreme commander of the armed forces, upon his arrival on a state visit to india, at afs palam in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.8016;;(ap)modi described the uae as one of indias most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
;;0.743;;on wednesday, an umbrella agreement on elevating bilateral ties to a comprehensive strategic partnership was among 14 agreements signed by india and the uae following delegation-level talks between modi and mohamed.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi with the crown prince of abu dhabi at hyderabad house in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.3818;;(pti)modi with mohammed of abu dhabi during a restricted meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.3182;;as part of his visit, he was in chandigarhs rock garden with modi when the titanic embrace photo was captured.
;;0.2244;;trump talks to modi tonight over the phonetrump : come to america but no awkward hugs!
;;0.6908;;abhinav thareja (@thebadasstot) january 24, 2017the hug that is now being eagerly anticipated is the one between modi and president donald trump following the phone call between the two leaders on wednesday night.
;;0.6486;;prime minister modi will motivate thousands of aspiring innovators through a video-conference on april 1, the opening day of the smart india hackathon 2017.
;;0.4939;;talking to media on wednesday at ahmedabad, prasad said prime minister modi and home minister amit shah showed immense courage and corrected that historic blunder.
;;0.5994;;it (article 370 of the constitution) was a historical blunder committed (that time) and (by scrapping the special status) modi as our pm, showing immense courage, corrected that historical wrong, prasad said.
;;0.34;;prasad was here on wednesday to highlight the achievements of the modi government in its first 100 days of its second term.
;;0.0;;four of the biggest schemes of modi 1.
;;-0.128;;referring to his meeting with the prime minister on the issue, the chief minister pointed out this was not the first time he had met modi to demand waiver of farm loans.
;;0.6486;;his party, said amarinder, was cognisant of the plight of farmers in all parts of the country and was striving to resolve their problems with the support of the central government, led by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.1531;;as large vigils were held across the country, a downing street spokesperson told hindustan times that prime minister modi conveyed to prime minister theresa may indias deepest condolences, and said indias prayers were with all of those affected.
;;0.5994;;prime minister modi congratulated the people of manchester on their courage, patience and spirit.
;;-0.8166;;pm modi meets trump, says all issues between india-pakistan are bilateralindia doesnt want us help, or from any other third-party, and has let it be known for years now, maintaining that kashmir and all other disputes with pakistan can only be resolved bilaterally and only after islamabad gives up using terrorism as a tool to reinforce its case.
;;0.0772;;if you want me to mediate or arbitrate, i would be willing to do that, he had said, buttressing his offer with a claim that he had been asked even by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the american president first acknowledged indian push back to his offers at a joint news briefing with prime minister modi on august 28, on the sidelines of g-7 summit in biarritz, france.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who may have felt under scrutiny because of president trumps claims, used the media interaction to clarify his position on the issue unequivocally.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi and former us president barack obama made nuclear cooperation a cornerstone of their friendship, announcing at a summit last year that a westinghouse deal should be finalised this june.
;;0.52;;as for the technical execution of the project, i do not see many problems, sekhar basu, secretary of the department of atomic energy that reports directly to modi , told reuters in a short telephone interview.
;;0.6486;;bjp functionaries said party workers were asked to deliver a clear message to the people that their votes were for prime minister modi rather than the local candidates.
;;0.8225;;modi addressed as many as eight election rallies in rajasthan and helped create a sentiment in favour of the bjps main pitch of nationalism and security, particularly crucial in a state that shares a long border with pakistan.
;;-0.1531;;but modi provided the boost, said union minister gajendra shekhawat, who defeated chief minister ashok gehlots son, vaibhav gehlot, in jodhpur.
;;0.4019;;it is now six weeks since the bharatiya janata party (bjp), under the leadership of prime minister modi , pulled off a historic victory in the general elections.
;;0.3182;;the sena rarely targeted fadnavis personally even when it pulled no punches taking on the bjp and its top leaders, including prime minister modi and party chief amit shah.
;;-0.7003;;haryana police on tuesday booked another jat protester on sedition charge for offensive remarks against prime minister modi at the dharna site in jassia village of rohtak district.
;;-0.4215;;chintu was allegedly speaking against registration of a sedition case against another protester, sombir, on monday for his beheading remark against modi during the balidan divas programme on sunday.
;;-0.2263;;chintu allegedly made a similar statement as that of sombirs, while jat protesters slammed modi , chief minister manohar lal khattar and media on tuesday.
;;0.128;;* the programme was launched, months ahead of the assembly polls in goa and punjab, as a counter prime minister modi modis mann ki baat programme.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will unveil a 112-ft tall face of lord shiva or adiyogi at isha foundation in coimbatore on mahashivaratri, which is on february 24.
;;-0.34;;according to the foundation, on mahasivaratri (february 24) modi will light the sacred fire to commence the maha yoga yagna across the world when one million people will take oath to teach a simple form of yoga to at least 100 persons in the coming year.
;;0.0;;modi meetearlier, pompeo met prime minister modi for talks at his official residence in the capital, new delhi, and they exchanged handshakes in images broadcast on television.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was 25 kilometres from ayodhya but did not visit the makeshift temple and hanumangarhi.
;;0.128;;there is a feeling that the bjps tally shot up in up due to modi wave in 2014.
;;-0.2263;;you would have seen how the leadership and vision of pm modi resulted in the united nations naming pakistan-based masood azhar as a global terrorist.
;;-0.296;;the bjp mp from unnao said, prime minister modi said a crematorium should be constructed next to a graveyard.
;;0.5423;;union home minister rajnath singh saturday asked if former prime minister indira gandhi can be credited for liberating bangladesh from pakistan, why should not prime minister modi be credited for the balakot air strike.
;;-0.296;;in the past five years, no one can dare say there is a blemish of corruption on pm modi or any of his ministers, the home minister claimed.
;;0.0;;he said under modi , the country was now the sixth largest economy in the world and would occupy fifth place in the fiscal beginning april 1.
;;0.2263;;this decisive nature belongs to modi sahebs, badal claimed.
;;0.0;;analysts had projected a status quo on rates as banks are flush with cash with indians depositing old currency notes after prime minister modi announced on november 8 the historic decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 bank bills.
;;-0.5106;;prime minister modi is making a desperate bid to resurrect his stature but the absence of credibility is haunting him, chief co-ordinator of uttar pradesh congress committee ashok gehlot said.
;;0.0;;indira gandhis aura was different, while the aura of modi is diminishing.
;;-0.5023;;gandhi was ousted in a poll primarily due to the anger of voters but she was again accepted by them, he said refusing to draw any comparison between modi and the late prime minister.
;;-0.3506;;modi had got a chance but he lost it.
;;0.0;;he said bimaru states was only a new jumla (rhetoric) coined by modi.
;;-0.0258;;in fact, modi is an expert in telling lies, gehlot said, adding that modi was busy creating a rift between the rich and the poor.
;;-0.0772;;when modi came to power, the writing on the wall was that this government would last for 10 years and this view emanated across different political parties, gehlot said, adding that in two-and-half years, modis image has taken a beating.
;;-0.296;;srivastava wrote to president pranab mukherjee, prime minister modi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj, urging them to put pressure on the us authorities to locate his son.
;;-0.5994;;in this interview, pm modi had outlined how the government had decided to go ahead with the strike at jaish-e-mohammeds biggest terror training camp despite a cloud cover.
;;-0.7574;;such an irresponsible statement from modi is highly damaging.
;;-0.3182;;we will go door-to-door and convince people to break the negativity and contribute to the development of the city under leadership of prime minister modi , tiwari had said.
;;0.4215;;we have full faith in the leadership of prime minister modi and uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath.
;;0.7003;;prime minister modi has, however, gone on record to praise the community for its religious tolerance and universal brotherhood.
;;0.3818;;wayanad mp rahul gandhi tuesday wrote to prime minister modi , suggesting that many lives can be saved if early warning systems are installed to alert people living in the ecologically sensitive hill district.
;;0.0;;dehraun/haridwar: prime minister modi on wednesday performed puja at the kedarnath shrine for the first time after he assumed office in 2014.
;;0.4019;;minutes later, modi participated in a special puja, rudrabhisekh.
;;0.4215;;soon after performing puja, modi exchanged greetings with the main priest.
;;-0.6705;;modi had taken an aerial survey of kedarnath after it was ravaged in june 2013 after the flashfloods that killed over 5,000 pilgrims.
;;0.0;;the erstwhile congress government had also invited modi at kedarnath.
;;0.0;;earlier in the morning, modi arrived at the dehradun airport where he was received by rawat and bjp mps.
;;0.4939;;from kedarnath, modi reached haridwar to inaugurate a research centre at yoga guru ramdev promoted patanjali.
;;0.0;;ramdev conferred upon the rashtriya rishi title on modi.
;;0.743;;ramdev praised modi as the only prime minister who is proud to be a hindu.
;;0.0;;d.k. shukla, the senior officer from bihars department of environment, forest and climate change, said: it was announced by deputy chief minister modi in state assembly that chief minister nitish kumar would lay the foundation stone of the national dolphin research centre (ndrc) on october 5 on the bank of river ganga in the premises of patna university.
;;0.0;;modi had started experiencing breathlessness and palpitations, and had visited her physician for a routine visit.
;;0.0;;of course, prime minister modi had pre-empted union finance minister arun jaitley by announcing some goodies at the turn of the year (the budget speech mentions them) leaving that much less for him to dole out.
;;0.0;;jagat prakash nadda, the former health minister who had stayed out of prime minister modi new cabinet, has been appointed the ruling bharatiya janata partys working president.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi tweeted his endorsement of nadas appointment.
;;0.4019;;twitter.com/1yyq80n2lo  modi (@narendramodi) june 17, 2019a rajya sabha member from himachal pradesh, nadda will be formally elected as the chief of the ruling party after the partys membership drive and organisational elections are over by december-january.
;;0.0;;nadda made his entry in the rajya sabha in 2012 and was appointed a minister in the modi government in the first expansion of the council of ministers in november 2014.
;;0.0;;a zeliang aide informed that the chief minister would meet prime minister modi and union home minister rajnath singh in the national capital.
;;0.0;;two days ahead of prime minister modi modis visit to amarkantak as part of the five-month-long narmada seva yatras concluding function, islamic clerics in madhya pradesh have issued a fatwa objecting to the ritualistic participation of muslims in the event.
;;0.0;;in july 2015, foreign secretaries of india and pakistan exchanged letters after a meeting between prime ministers modi and nawaz sharif in ufa, russia.
;;0.3182;;chaudhrys letter dated september 8, 2015 accepts that the meeting between modi and sharif provided us a direction to move forward.
;;-0.4249;;prime minister modi on tuesday likened his campaign for this lok sabha election to a pilgrimage, saying it stood out from other polls as it was being fought by the people and not the party alone.
;;0.0;;let us keep this momentum going for a new india under the leadership of pm modi modi.
;;0.5106;;the saffron camp has expressed confidence that the nda will emerge victorious, with the exit polls too forecasting a return of the modi government.
;;0.3818;;congress president rahul gandhi on tuesday threw an open book challenge to prime minister modi inviting him for a debate.
;;-0.4404;;taking a jibe at pm modi saying that he is scared, gandhi listed three topics for a political debate.
;;0.0;;nirav modi , 3.
;;0.3182;;gandhi has alleged that pm modi got the original rafale deal that was being negotiated during the congress-led upa regime scrapped to facilitate entry of anil ambanis firm in entire process.
;;-0.5574;;the congress president has also targeted pm modi over rs 14,000 crore punjab national bank fraud alleging that the bjp-led nda government has been soft on main accused in the case nirav modi , a diamond businessman with global footprint.
;;-0.891;;pm modi , on the other hand, has attacked the congress over pnb fraud case saying that the scam could take place because of the previous upa governments failure to tackle corruption.
;;0.0;;referring to extradition proceedings against nirav modi in the uk, pm modi said that everyone who looted the public money will be accounted for.
;;0.0;;demonetisation, announced in november 2016, has been another bone of contention between the congress and the modi government.
;;-0.1779;;gandhi often refers to demonetisation as a scam while pm modi in a recent interview to the hindustan, a sister concern of the hindustan times, called it a necessary step taken in national interest at the cost of political arithmetic.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray who campaigned against prime minister modi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) during the lok sabha polls, is now gearing up for the forthcoming assembly elections.
;;-0.4404;;thackeray was also caustic in his criticism of both modi and chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;joined by leaders from all major parties, modi paid rich tributes to the bjp stalwart, who died last week, at a condolence meeting here.
;;0.5859;;in the meantime, a well wisher suggested that he seek help from prime minister modi , who is also the varanasi mp.
;;0.2263;;in all, pm modi provided funds worth rs 4, 16, 42, 500 (rs 4.
;;0.4767;;funds provided to the patients by pm modi from pm relief fund helped patients.
;;0.0;;pompeo will meet prime minister modi and minister of external affairs subramaniam jaishankar on wednesday to discuss agenda for the us-india strategic partnership.
;;0.1027;;pompeo reached new delhi later on tuesday for his three-day visit ahead of modi and trump meet in osaka, japan on the sidelines of g-20 summit.
;;0.0;;follow live updates here:10:27 am ist pompeo meets pm modi us secretary of state mike pompeo meets prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4588;;multiple issues including terror and defence are slated for discussion prior to a meeting between pm modi and us president donald trump on the sidelines of the g-20 summit at osaka on june 28.
;;-0.3818;;9:32 am ist pompeo likely to rake demand for reducing trade barriers imposed by india us secretary of state michael pompeo will put forward the us demand for reducing trade barriers imposed by india during his meeting with prime minister modi and external affairs minister s jaishankar.
;;0.4404;;there is enormous potential to grow our trade relationship and create the high-quality jobs that prime minister modi wants if india lowers trade barriers and embraces fair and reciprocal trade, said an official statement.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on friday received felicitations from his malaysian counterpart mohd najib bin tun abdul razak over the recent election results.
;;0.4939;;earlier, french president francois hollande, emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al thani, crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan dhabi and former canadian prime minister stephen harper had called up modi to congratulate him.
;;0.5734;;year 2017, saw huge celebrations being hosted to commemorate the centenary of the university, with prime minister modi attending the main event, as the riveting story of its creation hogged limelight, but the story of the university library and its evolution is no less fascinating.
;;0.4939;;bjp, on the other hand, is banking upon prime minister modi modis image and has kept state leaders on the back seat.
;;0.25;;according to strategists, since modi is not visible in the state, it gives congress an advantage.
;;0.2732;;in his independence day speech, prime minister modi had said rs 100 lakh crore will be spent towards infrastructure creation in the country.
;;0.2023;;the panel of top bureaucrats was constituted last year by prime minister modi to review government programmes and give budget ideas for 2017-18 on the health, sanitation and urban development sector.
;;-0.2263;;the people of delhi want to be governed by the bjp, which is led by prime minister modi , who is leaving no stone unturned in developing the nation on all fronts, said vardhan.
;;-0.1027;;(ht photo)11am: bjp leader vijender gupta casts his vote, says that with prime minister modi ruling the nation, chief minister arvind kejriwal will find it hard to rule the national capital again.
;;-0.3612;;with modi ruling the nation, it is going to be difficult for arvind kejriwal to rule in the state again, gupta told ani.
;;0.3818;;whatever decision the dharam sansad will take on the construction of the ram temple, rss will accept and implement it, dattatreya, considered close to prime minister modi , said in aurangabad in bihar.
;;-0.6249;;adhia, viewed as close to prime minister modi , dismissed those fears outright and ruled out a delay to a reform that has been more than a decade in the making.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi on thursday met chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit here and discussed ways to further strengthen the bilateral relations.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi arrived in the kyrgyz capital on thursday for the sco summit, the first multilateral engagement post his re-election.
;;0.9382;;last month, xi extended his heartfelt congratulations to prime minister modi for winning the general elections, in a rare gesture of greeting a foreign leader well before the official announcement of the results.
;;0.3612;;the wuhan summit between prime minister modi and president xi was largely credited to have turned around the bilateral relations soured by the 73-day doklam standoff, triggered by chinese troops attempts to build a road close to indian border in an area also claimed by bhutan in 2017.
;;0.0;;rabesh kumar singh never thought prime minister modi will respond to his tweet asking for the golden garland he wore during a rally in madhya pradeshs mandla.
;;0.3919;;but to his surprise, the research scholar at indian institute of technology (indian school of mines), dhanbad, received a letter from the prime ministers office saying that modi will send the garland to him.
;;0.0;;rabesh kumar singh, a research scholar in the mechanical branch of iit- dhanbad, seen wearing the golden garland gifted by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;(ht photo) rabesh kumar singh, a research scholar in the mechanical branch of iit- dhanbad, seen wearing the golden garland gifted by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.3182;;a growing feud between two bjp karnataka veterans, bs yeddyurappa and ks eshwarappa, is threatening to spoil prime minister modi modis hopes of conquering the state.
;;0.1027;;india friday said its decision to purchase s-400 missile defence system from russia did not figure during the talks between prime minister modi and us president donald trump though they discussed ways to step up the bilateral military cooperation.
;;0.3612;;modi, who is in osaka, japan for the g20 summit, met with trump shortly after the japan-america-india trilateral meeting during which modi highlighted the importance india attaches to the grouping.
;;0.2944;;president trump congratulated prime minister modi on his victory and prime minister in particular noted that trump had sent a very warm letter to him through secretary of state (mike) pompeo, he said.
;;0.3818;;modi also recalled that india has deployed some of the indian navy ships in the region to protect the indian flagged vessels passing through the gulf, gokhale said.
;;-0.7096;;the loss had raised questions over his style of confrontational politics, often taking on prime minister modi and blaming the bjp-led government at the centre of creating hurdles for the aap government.
;;0.6369;;read: mcd polls: infighting surfaces in delhi bjp, leaders seek appointment from amit shahearlier, tiwari has said that tickets will be given to only those 272 individuals who love the delhi city and believe in policies of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.7579;;they attribute the possibility of the disaster prone chardham transforming into a safe destination to the magic of modern technologies being leveraged to implement the 11, 700 project announced by prime minister modi last year, four years after cataclysmic floods hit the chardham in 2013 leaving thousands dead.
;;0.4215;;indiaupdated: aug 27, 2019 17:28 istprime minister modi drove down to former union minister arun jaitleys house on tuesday morning to pay tributes to the bjp stalwart who had been his friend for decades.
;;-0.5574;;pm modi was on an official foreign tour when jaitley, one of bjps tallest leaders, died on saturday.
;;-0.296;;pm modi wrapped up the three-nation tour last night - the g-7 summit in france was his last stop - and landed in the national capital earlier this morning.
;;0.0;;pm modi paid tributes to jaitley and extended condolences to the former ministers wife sangeeta jaitley, son rohan and daughter sonali.
;;-0.5994;;also watch | on the record | mukul rohatgi on arun jaitley: secrets of lodhi garden gangprime minister modi was in uae when news of arun jaitleys death came in.
;;0.5859;;in tweets, pm modi described arun jaitley as a political giant, towering intellectual and legal luminary and an articulate leader who made a lasting contribution to india.
;;0.0;;pm modi had then also spoken to jaitleys family.
;;0.0;;later addressing the indian community in bahrain, prime minister modi spoke again about how he was bound by his duty on one side and on the other, his heart was full of emotions.
;;0.0;;pm modi and arun jaitley go back nearly four decades and had worked closely.
;;0.4019;;the bond became closer in the late nineties when jaitley first became a rajya sabha member from gujarat where modi had been active.
;;0.0;;a few years later, jaitley was among those in the bjp who had pitched to send modi to gandhinagar as chief minister.
;;0.0258;;a decade later, jaitley was among the first in the bjp who backed modi as the bjps presumptive prime minister for the 2014 national elections.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi will next week hold a review meeting with the revenue department to take stock of the anti-black money drive post note ban and tax collected thereof, as also steps taken for the gst rollout.
;;-0.4767;;jaitley had opted out of the government citing poor health when the second national democratic alliance (nda) government headed by prime minister modi took oath.
;;-0.34;;rip arun jaitley: former finance minister and bjp stalwart dies at 66prime minister modi mourned the death of arun jaitley, saying he has lost a valued friend.
;;0.0;;tweeted pm modi , who is in the uae on the second leg of a three-nation visit.
;;0.0;;jaitley was among the first to realise the potential of modi in the bjp, and the two stayed together through thick and thin.
;;0.4019;;also, the cadre has lent their support to (prime minister narendra) modi for his administrative skills and corruption-free governance, said the first functionary cited above.
;;0.34;;also read | why congress fielding rahul gandhi from wayanad puts cpi(m) in a bindthe congress party is also planning to fan a message that prime minister modi was singling out south and it wants to make his so-called hostile approach a poll issue.
;;0.2144;;it is ironic that prime minister modi speaks about waging war against corruption but was personally engaged in bringing together two corrupt politicians in tamil nadu, stalin said.
;;0.7717;;the swift approval of projects that had languished for years came after prime minister modi suggested last year that sharing the waterways could be conditional on pakistan clamping down on anti-india militants that new delhi says it shelters.
;;0.25;;on the lines of what prime minister modi has said in his punjab election rallies, shah, who was addressing a rally in support of bjp and sad assembly candidates and also bjps lok sabha bypoll candidate, rajinder mohan singh chhina, said, the election in punjab is an election for the security of the nation.
;;0.1877;;akalis are not alone as the government at the centre belongs to modi modi.
;;0.7731;;praising the centre government, he said the modi government has not taken debt of even a single dollar and has repaid the debt to iran recently.
;;0.7351;;their proudest possession, the man singh trophy, gained recognition after prime minister modi gifted a replica to his then australian counterpart tony abbott.
;;-0.0258;;prime minister modi on wednesday invoked gujarati pride at an election rally in states junagarh to target the congress saying that the rival party has always harboured hatred towards gujarat.
;;0.5719;;the prime minister said that the congress is unnerved at the success of the modi government over the past five years.
;;0.3612;;but the congresss tape record plays only one song, modi hatao (remove modi).
;;0.4939;;they dont have any other agenda except remove modi , said the prime minister adding the congress is supporting those who want to separate jammu and kashmir from india and have a separate prime minister there.
;;0.0;;prior to november 8, the day on which demonetisation was announced by prime minister modi , there were negligible digital payments.
;;-0.765;;he blamed the modi government for betraying its voters.
;;0.836;;from the very next day, modi spoke of how he had given a free hand to the security forces.
;;0.4215;;it began with nationalism and how modi led a strong government that could give pakistan a robust response, in comparison to all the weak governments of the past.
;;0.5106;;and finally, this was laced with a strong anti-corruption message, with modi leading the charge.
;;0.0;;but at the core of the campaign was the persona of modi.
;;0.5423;;as modi dominated media space, gandhi broadened his media outreach in the final phases of the campaign  by expanding beyond the print media and giving interviews to television and digital platforms.
;;-0.7351;;but he refused to be drawn into a direct fight with modi on the question of leadership, by suggesting that only the people would decide the pm on may 23.
;;-0.4215;;at the press conference, gehlot said prime minister modi had spread lies that retired army chief and former pakistan minister were present at former prime minister manmohan singhs house to plan on how to make ahmed patel the chief minister of gujarat.
;;-0.3612;;gehlot said ministers in the modi government were inexperienced and thats why they were all hyping up the surgical strikes.
;;-0.1786;;gehlot said the modi government had not given good governance but only jumlas.
;;0.5423;;i will be writing to prime minister modi because it is necessary for me to express concern on behalf of the people with special reference to the northeast, which has a significant christian population, he said on tuesday.
;;-0.0844;;march 16: akhilesh and shivpal are seen together after a gap of over 100 days at the meeting of the newly elected party legislators in lucknowmarch 25: mulayam and shivpal skip partys executive meet in lucknowmarch 27: party veteran and former minister ram govind choudhary is appointed as the partys leader in the assemblymarch 28: akhilesh is unanimously elected as leader of the sp legislature party in both the houses of the uttar pradesh legislatureapril 2: mulayam says prime minister modi was right about akhilesh that his insults led to sps loss in electionsapril 4: shivpal meets chief minister yogi adityanath fuelling speculation of joining the bjp which he later deniesapril 24: shivpal reiterates his demand that akhilesh should take moral responsibility for the sps defeat in assembly elections and step down as party presidentapril 30: ramgopal says shivpal does not have any knowledge of partys constitution and advises him to work for the party and not talk nonsensemay 3: shivpal threatens to form a new secular front if akhilesh does not hand over sps reins to mulayam.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has asked all cabinet ministers to delegate more work to their juniors and involve them in decision-making.
;;0.4019;;pm modi has requested nripendra misra to continue for two weeks and appointed pradeep kumar sinha as officer on special duty in the pmo.
;;0.4767;;pm modi also inducted five fresh faces into his top team: ias officers arvind shrivastava and hardik satishchandra shah, two career diplomats from the indian foreign service abhishek shukla and pratik mathur and an indian audit and accounts service official saurabh shukla.
;;0.765;;when pm modi returned to power with a bigger majority in may, he had retained his core team at the pmo to build on their strengths: nripendra misras expertise in economy and delivery, additional principal secretary pramod kumar misras management of key bureaucratic appointments and probity in the government, and national security adviser ajit doval handling of national security.
;;0.8402;;in his farewell note, misra thanked prime minister modi for the opportunity to serve the country and the complete confidence he has placed in me.
;;0.8553;;in two tweets, pm modi described misra as among the most outstanding officers, who has a great grasp of public policy and administration.
;;0.5256;;pm modi recalled that when he was new to delhi in 2014, he taught me a lot and his guidance remains extremely valuable.
;;0.0772;;amid widespread farmers protests and the debt waiver of agriculture loans in uttar pradesh, the union cabinet headed by prime minister modi on wednesday decided to extend the interest subsidy on short-term crop loans given to farmers in the current fiscal.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will be at the isro around midnight to watch the event.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and shah have changed the definition of politics in the country.
;;0.0;;in december 2015, modi along with his japanese counterpart shinzo abe had attended the spectacular sunset ganga aarti at the dashashwamedh ghat.
;;0.34;;in september last year, modi had launched development projects worth over rs 550 crore in his lok sabha constituency.
;;0.0258;;by targeting national congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar in his first campaign rally for nda in wardha in vidarbha, prime minister modi on monday indirectly acknowledged the former as the main opponent in the poll battle for maharashtra.
;;0.9349;;pawar play vs bjpwhile the ncp hopes to retain the home ground by winning maximum seats in this region  it managed to win four seats here even during the 2014 modi wave  the bjp is hoping to unseat the opposition from its traditional bastion.
;;-0.5423;;modi is a good pm, but the bjp has failed us, said gulabrao dhokhe, from baburdi village in ahmednagar district.
;;0.34;;giving details of the campaign programme, bansal said the bjps star campaigners led by prime minister modi would address a series of election rallies in the state ahead of the general elections.
;;-0.4767;;jaitley had opted out of the government citing poor health when the second national democratic alliance (nda) government headed by prime minister modi was sworn in on may 30.
;;0.4215;;tweeted pm modi , who is in the united arab emirates on the second leg of a three-nation visit.
;;0.0;;modi spoke with jaitleys wife sangeeta and son rohan to express his condolences.
;;0.0;;he said prime minister modi was concerned about the deaths in gorakhpur and had thus sent patel to gorakhpur.
;;0.6369;;andrew ayre, the deputy commissioner, flashes a big grin as he leafs through the long list of bilateral agreements signed between india and the uk during prime minister modi modis visit.
;;0.4019;;the modi visit, he says, will translate into 5,000 new diagnostic centres in india with the help of ai.
;;-0.5267;;the remark by prime minister modi on population explosion set off a royal kerfuffle, with the usual arguments about sinister plots to target minorities on the one hand, and the need to limit numbers on the other.
;;0.5994;;when a network of good roads is created then the economy of the country also picks the pace, prime minister modi said in august 2017 at a ceremony to lay the foundation stone for a national highway project in udaipur.
;;0.0;;and the sector did make considerable strides in the past four years of modi government.
;;0.765;;if national highways development project  the largest government initiative to date to expand and upgrade the capacity of the indias shambolic highway network  was the highlight of the atal bihari vajpayee government, the modi government wants to leave its mark with bharat mala, the ambitious program to build 24,800km of highways running through economic corridors, border and coastal areas and expressways.
;;0.0;;a television actor-turned-politician, irani was named the human resource development minister when prime minister modi took office in 2014.
;;0.8402;;in a press release later, she alleged prime minister modi had adopted a divide and rule strategy to create a rift in the sp-bsp-rld alliance in a bid to save the bjps honour in the next three phases of the lok sabha polls.
;;-0.5423;;the bsp chief also said modi tried everything in his might to destroy the mahagathbandhan.
;;0.5994;;hindi has got a new champion in the modi government  environment minister anil madhav dave.
;;0.5859;;besides prime minister modi , home minister rajnath singh and foreign affairs minister sushma swaraj are prominent among senior bjp leaders known for promoting hindi.
;;-0.6486;;modi walks up to manmohan in rajya sabha, shakes handsprime minister modi shook hands on friday with former prime minister manmohan singh soon after the rajya sabha was adjourned sine die.
;;-0.1779;;among others with whom modi was seen shaking hands were deputy chairman pj kurien and veteran congress leader karan singh, who was bid farewell by the upper house as his tenure ends on january 27.
;;0.4767;;the decision was taken as the popularity of the first meditation cave opened in kedarnath soared after prime minister modi spent a night in it during his two-day visit to the shrine in may.
;;0.7506;;the maiden meeting between us president donald trump and prime minister modi would set forth a vision to expand the us-india partnership in an ambitious way, the white house said on monday.
;;-0.4404;;he alleged there was resentment among all castes and communities against the chief minister and that was evident when black flags were shown during prime minister modi modis public meeting at jhunjhunu in march.
;;0.0;;although the hjs described prime minister modi as their own man, they expressed reservations that the bjp led government was not able to do much for the hindus.
;;0.0;;both prime minister modi and his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif are likely to attend the two-day meeting in astana in which india and pakistan are to be inducted as the seventh and eighth members of the grouping led by china and russia.
;;0.0;;it will be the first time in several months that modi and sharif will be at the same event but both sides are silent on a possible meeting.
;;-0.9118;;cross-border terrorism, ceasefire violations along the line of control and the biggest of all  the death sentence awarded to kulbhushan jadhav, a former naval officer, by a pakistani military court will make it difficult for modi to make a move to ease the tensions.
;;0.4019;;( photo: shivam saxena/hindustan times )a brightly-decorated mini truck, stationed outside the bjp headquarters on deen dayal upadhyay marg, is selling merchandise with party insignia, slogans and prime minister modi modis name.
;;-0.2732;;while the cpi-m alleged that it was part of her strategy to bargain with prime minister modi , the bjp said she would backtrack when muslims take out muharram processions with weapons.
;;0.7506;;in new delhi, hundreds of employees in uniforms  including flight attendants in the airlines signature yellow  appealed for prime minister modi to step in, some holding signs that read, save jet airways, save our family.
;;0.0;;publicity campaigns in ghaziabad and adjoining places were undertaken by star campaigners including prime minister modi , congress vice-president rahul gandhi, incumbent up cm akhilesh yadav, mayawati, yogi aditya nath, actor turned politicians hema malini and naghma, amit shah, raj babbar, ghulam nabi azad, mohammad azam khan, nasimuddin siddiqui and jayant chaudhary.
;;0.2263;;the delhi ceo approved the logo of namo tv, which the bjp said was part of the namo app that it owns, but did not certify the content as it contained old speeches of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5994;;if modi , who was a tea seller, could become the prime minister then surely we all have a chance, she said.
;;0.4019;;the bharatiya janata party government has intensified its drive against tax evaders since its november 8 decision to scrap old 500- and 1000-rupee notes, a move prime minister modi said was aimed at breaking the back of indias black economy.
;;-0.099;;with this diary episode, the bjp seems to have robbed the congress of its most important weapon of harping on the corruption allegations against pm modi during his stint as the gujarat chief minister.
;;0.4767;;indian economy will have to grow at a sustained rate of 8  or more for the next 6 years to achieve the ambitious target of turning into a $5 trillion economy, set up by prime minister modi , said the economic survey 2018-2019 released on thursday.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi had laid out the growth target in his first meeting with niti aayog governing council on june 15, barely a month after his government swept the lok sabha polls and returned to power.
;;0.5859;;if that happens, prime minister modi , the face of the bjps campaign, will win a second term in office.
;;0.0516;;at the national level, it was a battle between the nda, led by the bjps modi , and the united progressive alliance (upa), led by congress president, rahul gandhi, who was, however, not the alliance or partys declared prime ministerial face.
;;0.4939;;modi sought an endorsement of his governance record of the past five years, including his economic management, foreign policy, and cultural agenda and projected his achievements as a decisive departure from the past towards a new india.
;;0.3818;;in his speeches, modi focused on four major themes.
;;-0.1027;;without using the word hindutva, modi played on the identity of the majority community, rubbished the idea of hindu terror and accused the opposition of playing vote bank politics, which his base understood as code for appeasing muslims.
;;0.128;;this was supplemented with repeated accusations that the modi government essentially favoured a set of crony capitalists.
;;-0.4767;;other regional leaders reiterated the strands of the gandhis attack on modi , with their own specific variations.
;;-0.8271;;the dmk in tamil nadu projected modi and the bjp as having controlled the levers of power in the state after the death of jayalalithaa through proxies, and saw in the partys ideological agenda an assault on the linguistic and cultural ethos of the south.
;;0.3182;;has india decided to re-elect modi and give him another chance to fulfil his agenda, or does india want change in the form of an alternative alliance?
;;0.2263;;it was worth rs 30,000 crore, accounting for 1  of indias total exports, part of the pink revolution that prime minister modi had so derisively talked about during the 2014 lok sabha campaign.
;;0.1705;;talking about indo-pak ties, imran said, i want to remind (prime minister narendra) modi that every pakistani is not coward like nawaz sharif.
;;0.0772;;in an interview to hindustan times, khattar spoke about the upcoming assembly elections, his track record, overcoming gurugrams civic challenges, and his association with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;you have long been an associate of modi before he became prime minister?
;;0.6369;;whats the best advice you as chief minister got from modi?
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has just completed a tour of indonesia, malaysia and singapore.
;;-0.128;;article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi , shah and doval orchestrated movefor instance, it emerges that most of the work happened outside the offices of the home ministry and the law ministry in north block and shashtri bhawan respectively.
;;0.0;;for weeks ahead of that, the only two people in government who knew of this were prime minister modi and shah; word went out to other stakeholders only on friday evening, another person who was involved in the exercise said.
;;-0.25;;prime minister modi routinely complains that journalists are biased against him and his party.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on monday visited garhwa ghat ashram in varanasi, which has considerable following among the backward castes, and later paid tributes to former prime minister lal bahadur shastri at his ancestral home.
;;0.0;;modi, who has been canvassing for three days in the district which elected him to lok sabha, offered prayers and also fed the cows at the ashrams shelter.
;;0.4939;;modi has held a roadshow here and attended a number of public events in the city along with several rallies in the region as part of bjps last push for a good show, particularly in the holy city, in the final phase when polling will be held in 40 seats on march 8.
;;-0.6994;;modi has often accused the congress of not giving due respect to leaders who were not from the nehru-gandhi family.
;;0.9287;;the bharatiya janata party has won stunning election victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, a personal triumph for prime minister modi that could now ensure his partys near-domination of politics in india.
;;0.4404;;this is the foundation of a new india, says pm modi to supporters.
;;0.6808;;45pm: prime minister modi begins speaking by wishing everyone a happy holi.
;;0.5423;;chorus of modi , modi from his supporters greets him.
;;0.0;;35pm: bjp leaders including rajnath singh, amit shah felicitate modi on stage, pm to speak shortly.
;;-0.2732;;he talks about demonetisation and how the poor have followed modi and the partys vision for development.
;;0.0;;30pm: pm modi offers tribute to deendayal upadhyay at bjp headquarters.
;;0.0;;23pm: pm modi walks the last stretch to bjps headquarters at ashoka road in delhi:prime minister modi arrives at bjp hq in delhi amid loud 'modi modi' chants #electionresults pic.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis roadshow is expected to begin shortly.
;;0.0;;12pm: prime minister modi may lead celebration procession from le meridien hotel to bjp headquarters in delhi ahead of parliamentary board meet.
;;-0.34;;tit-for-tat moves in bengal politics, came thick and fast on wednesday after bjp womens wing leader juhi chowdhurys arrest on tuesday night with bjp leaders moving court against trinamool congress rajya sabha mp derek o brien for morphing a picture of prime minister modi and showing it in a press conference before the bengal assembly elections last year.
;;0.0;;nakate and singhla had visited pachpadra on wednesday to monitor the preparations for prime minister modi modis visit to the town on january 14 to inaugurate a refinery.
;;0.0;;modi, in a rally on saturday, had targeted congress president rahul gandhi on the rafale issue and called rajiv gandhi corrupt.
;;0.7003;;the members said, modi has lowered the dignity of the office of the prime minister by making derogatory and untrue remarks about late rajiv ji, who made the supreme sacrifice in the service of the nation.
;;0.5256;;we fully support pm modi for bringing into public attention the regime of corruption in big defence deals started during rajiv gandhis tenure.
;;0.4019;;among the 121 teachers to support modi is vs negi, a teacher at shaheed bhagat singh college.
;;0.0;;india cricket team head coach ravi shastri lauded the partnership of prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah for sweeping the lok sabha polls for the second time in a row.
;;0.4404;;she congratulated prime minister modi and thanked the people on the bjps big victory in the lok sabha polls.
;;0.5859;;world leaders from benjamin netanyahu to shinzo abe too chipped in congratulating pm modi on his big win.
;;0.0;;and farmers are not entering into the new economic system (going cashless) that prime minister modi has proposed.
;;-0.3612;;demonetisation has also severely impacted the future of cooperative banks, says jakhar, a farmer from punjab, adding that farmers are hoping that prime minister modi will compensate the loss in some way in the union budget on february 1.
;;0.8271;;party chief kumar had, on friday, spelt out the options open for yadav after his first meeting with prime minister modi in new delhi since new government formation in the state, saying he is free to take a decision, insisting, it was a collective decision of the state unit to take the bjps support.
;;0.484;;worldupdated: sep 20, 2019 21:30 istus congresswoman tulsi gabbard released a video message thursday welcoming prime minister modi to the united states but said she wont be able to make it to the howdy, modi!
;;0.8402;;i would like to extend a warm welcome to prime minister modi on his latest visit to the us, gabbard said, adding, and i am sorry that i will not be able to join there in person due to previously scheduled presidential campaign events.
;;0.5423;;: tulsi gabbard welcomes pm, says sorry for skipping eventgabbard is the first hindu elected to us congress and has been close to prime minister modi , who had sent her gifts on her wedding in 2015 and she attended both his previous diaspora outreach events in new york and san jose.
;;0.6115;;im very happy to see that howdy modi is bringing together indian americans and hindu americans from across our country, including many of my colleagues in the u.s. congress.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi is leaving for france on thursday on a bilateral visit during which further boosting of defence cooperation between the two countries will be discussed.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had returned to power for second term, and how.
;;0.7783;;modi led his party to a higher vote share (37 ) as compared to 2014 as well, achieving outright political dominance in large parts of north, central, west, and east india.
;;0.2716;;this was the most important strand of the political message of the bjp, with modi reiterating that a vote on kamal (the partys lotus symbol) would directly be a vote for him.
;;0.0;;from march 28, starting from a rally in meerut in west uttar pradesh, modi addressed 142 rallies.
;;0.1531;;the opposition routbut if one element of the 2019 verdict was the resounding mandate for modi , the other accompanying story has been the decimation of the congress, yet again.
;;0.1779;;rahul gandhi, at a press conference on thursday evening, conceded defeat, took full responsibility, said he respected the verdict of the electorate, congratulated modi and the bjp, and asked congress workers to keep up their morale.
;;0.0;;while citizens did not appear to believe that modi was corrupt, gandhi kept repeating allegations in the context of the rafale deal.
;;0.5574;;looking forwardanalysts credited modi for his big win but also pointed out that the challenge for the prime minister begins now.
;;0.8225;;devesh kapur, the head of the asia programme at the johns hopkins university and an authority of indias political institutions and economy, said, mr. modi may well find that winning was easier than governing is likely to be.
;;0.0;;according to sources, prime minister modi will hold a concall with officials of the j&k government on wednesday.
;;0.7506;;indiaupdated: aug 19, 2019 07:52 istindia and bhutan on sunday agreed to maintain close coordination on matters linked to each others security and national interests, and emphasised on hydro-power as one of the important areas of cooperation as prime minister modi wrapped up his two-day visit to the himalayan nation.
;;0.0;;modi was in thimphu on his second visit to bhutan as prime minister and the first since his re-election in may this year.
;;0.2732;;recognising the sass impact on the socio-economic development of bhutan, modi offered increased bandwidth on an additional transponder as per bhutans requirements.
;;0.3182;;during his stay in thimphu, modi held wide-ranging talks with his bhutanese counterpart lotay tshering on saturday and they discussed steps to further expand the bilateral partnership across several sectors.
;;0.25;;prime minister modi met with bhutans leader of opposition pema gyamtsho on sunday and the two leaders discussed the issues of bilateral interests.
;;0.5719;;the visit concluded with a lunch hosted by the king of bhutan in honour of prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;chenani-nashri tunnel, indias longest highway tunnel, on the jammu-srinagar national highway, was inaugurated by prime minister modi on sunday.
;;0.0772;;groups like nagaland tribes council and central nagaland tribes council have written to prime minister modi in the past weeks with the request to defer the polls.
;;0.34;;the influential gaon burrah federation of nagaland, which comprises village chiefs, and against corruption and unabated taxation (acaut) have also written to modi with the same demand.
;;0.0;;i think we are, as talked about during the campaign and the transition, establishing a deeper relationship with prime minister modi and us-india businesses, white house press secretary sean spicer told reporters thursday at his daily news conference.
;;0.6369;;for us, prime minister modi has been the best mentor and shepherd, who has guided us from time to time towards our economic objectives.
;;0.7269;;it is pm modi who has guided and inspired us in doing good work for the state.
;;0.0;;in the very beginning i have taken advice and direction from both pm modi and home minister amit shah on how to develop the state.
;;0.0;;with the mumbai roadshow as a model, the department held three more shows and i asked pm modi to inaugurate the summit.
;;0.0;;he had the role of prime ministers infrastructure envoy for india in the david cameron government, working on the implementation of multi-billion dollar projects announced during prime minister modi modi's november 2015 visit to london.
;;0.0;;the congress asked prime minister modi to uphold the law and the constitution by getting bharti to quit as minister.
;;-0.4404;;jet pilots appealed for intervention from prime minister modi , who is facing wider criticism over the scarcity of jobs as he campaigns for re-election in polls now underway.
;;0.3818;;it was tabled in the house on monday, at a time when prime minister modi has renewed his commitment to bring back black money.
;;-0.5423;;delhiupdated: aug 15, 2019 01:38 istthe twitter account of rapper hard kaur was suspended on tuesday after she posted a video making derogatory remarks against prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah.
;;0.1531;;in the video, she, along with khalistan supporters, could be seen speaking in favour of the movement and condemning modi and shah using abusive language.
;;-0.7269;;prime minister modi on friday fired a riposte at the congresss claims that the upa government had carried out six surgical strikes during its tenure.
;;-0.7906;;watch: first protest, now me-too: modi mocks congress 6 surgical strikes claimin the press conference, shukla had claimed that the first strike was conducted on june 19, 2008, in jammu and kashmirs bhattal sector in poonch.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi also congratulated the 12 para-badminton players who brought laurels to the country.
;;0.296;;she has also been a strong critic of prime minister modi , who rose from the state where rawal is now an mp.
;;-0.4215;;chief minister trivendra singh rawat saturday criticised the madrasas in the state for their refusal to put up a portrait of prime minister modi inside their premises, asking them to give up their conservatism on the issue.
;;-0.34;;raucous disruptions have returned to parliament once again, this time following prime minister modi modis jibes at his predecessor manmohan singh.
;;0.7096;;on one hand, modi seeks cooperation from all parties to run the house and push bills.
;;0.0;;people should learn from dr. singh the art of bathing in bathroom wearing a rain coat, modi quipped.
;;0.6249;;girls from prime minister modi modis second adopted village in varanasi, nagepur, who are undergoing training in martial arts, are now ready with an action plan to promote self-defence techniques.
;;0.0;;pm modi on sunday addressed a public meeting in udhampur in jammu and kashmir after inaugurating the countrys longest road tunnel, the chenani-nashri tunnel, in the state.
;;0.4019;;after attending the function, modi flew to jammu and kashmir in a special aircraft from bamrauli airport at 12:25pm.
;;0.0;;kashmiriyat insaniyat jamhooriyat ke moolmantra ko leke hum kashmir ko vikas ki nayi unchaiyon par leke jayenge: pm modi in udhampur pic.
;;0.0;;isi 40 saal mein agar tourism par bal diya hota toh aaj poori duniya kashmir ghaati ke charnon mein aakar baithi hoti: pm modi in udhampur pic.
;;0.4404;;5:25 pm: cm mehbooba mufti addresses public meeting, congratulates pm modi for landslide victory in uttar pradesh assembly elections and thanks him for constructing the tunnel.
;;0.0;;j&k: 'modi-modi' chants at udhampur rally venue as cm mehbooba mufti congratulates pm modi for landslide election victory in uttar pradesh pic.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi to address a public meeting in jammu and kashmir's udhampur shortly pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/b5tyl1uwsx  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20173:50 pm: pm modi , accompanied by union minister nitin gadkari, state chief minister mehbooba mufti among others, inspects the facilities inside the tunnel.
;;0.0;;3:40 pm: pm modi inaugurates chenani-nashri tunnel in the jammu-srinagar highway.
;;0.9325;;twitter.com/fnnve9h5pp  radio news jammu (@rkrnujammu) april 2, 201712:50pm: i hope the dream of new india and the new generation can be successful: modi ends speech12:45pm: im happy to say our govt has simplified laws, abolished 1200, in less than five years: pm modi says, speaking about the benefits of digitisation.
;;0.3182;;watch | pm modi speaks at allahabad hc12:35pm: prime minister modi starts his address, says law has to be fair for all.
;;-0.0516;;pm modi will leave for jammu after the function.
;;0.25;;prime minister modi on wednesday dismissed congress president rahul gandhis remarks that he is ready to become the pm if the party emerges as the largest in parliament in the 2019 general election, calling him an immature and arrogant naamdar (dynast).
;;0.3182;;modi did not name gandhi, who made the remarks at a town hall in bengaluru with the citys prominent citizens on tuesday.
;;-0.795;;at his second rally in chikmaglur, modi accused the congress of thinking only about power and blamed late former prime minister indira gandhi and former congress president sonia gandhi for doing little for karnataka, despite winning parliamentary elections from the state.
;;0.6486;;but he only kept saying modi and praised modi too.
;;0.0;;the congress hit back at modi asking him if he thought he was the only one who had the right to be prime minister.
;;-0.936;;indiaupdated: sep 11, 2019 18:00 istterrorism has become a global threat and this ideology is deeply rooted and flourishing in pakistan, prime minister modi said today, recalling the horrific 9/11 twin tower terror attack in the us.
;;-0.8779;;watch: pm modi helps woman ragpickers segregate plastic from wastelast week, india designated pakistan-based terrorists - jaish-e-mohammads masood azhar; lashkar-e-taibas hafiz saeed, zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi, the mastermind and operational head of the 2008 mumbai terrorist attacks and dawood ibrahim, the indian underworld don believed to be in pakistan after masterminding the 1993 mumbai bombings.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi on wednesday claimed that congress has accepted its defeat and that the grand old party has already fielded two batsmen to defend the naamdar (rahul gandhi) from the blame.
;;0.0;;hectic parleys are being conducted inside the congress and strategies are being drawn to defend the naamdar, modi added.
;;-0.1027;;while the bjp is striving hard to bring development, the congress and the jmm are standing with the intruders, alleged modi.
;;0.0387;;but, you take it for sure that as long as modi and the bjp are there, no one can touch your land.
;;0.0;;the film, directed by stanley tong, was announced as one of three india-china movie projects in may 2015, when prime minister modi visited china.
;;0.7184;;singh, a bjp lok sabha member from nawada constituency in bihar, is known as a staunch supporter of prime minister modi and a champion of hinduvta politics.
;;-0.3818;;tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam is likely to meet prime minister modi on thursday to try and quell a massive unrest in the southern state over a ban on the popular but controversial bull-taming sport jallikattu.
;;-0.6808;;officials said pannerselvam will fly to new delhi on thursday to meet modi and seek an ordinance to lift the supreme court ban on the sport that has sparked massive protests and fuelled anger against the state and central governments.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who returned to office for a second term in may, has pledged to grow india to a $5-trillion economy by 2024, from $2.
;;0.6597;;prime minister modi had sparked a political slugfest in uttar pradesh when, while addressing a rally, he had coined the acronym sarab for the samajwadi party, rashtriya lok dal and bahujan samaj party alliance and had asked people to stay away from it.
;;0.6369;;the congress partys chief whip in the lok sabha, jyotiraditya scindia, lashed out at prime minister modi and his government, which completed four years in office earlier this week, saying the current regime had undone the economic gains of the united progressive alliance government.
;;0.6597;;union steel minister birender singh on wednesday said his son brijender was the personal choice of prime minister modi and bharatiya janata party chief amit shah as the party nominee from hisar constituency.
;;0.5423;;prime minister modi believes that competitive and cooperative federalism is key to indias progress.
;;0.4019;;editorialsupdated: jul 29, 2019 19:33 istprime minister modi on monday released the all india tiger estimation report 2018, and said india has emerged as of one of the biggest and safest habitats for big cats in the world.
;;0.128;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 23:37 isthome minister amit shah, law minister ravi shankar prasad, jharkhand chief minister raghuvar das and deputy chief minister of bihar modi along with other regional politicians and achievers will come together in ranchi on wednesday to dwell on a roadmap for transforming the east and making its states, including jharkhand and bihar, the new engines of indian economy.
;;0.8885;;the sons of the soil to be honoured during the event include dilip ravidas, head of a panchayat in jharkhands hazaribagh district, whose efforts for water conservation won him praise by none other than prime minister modi in his man ki baat radio address.
;;0.0;;the first multilateral summit prime minister modi will attend in his second term will be the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) get-together in kyrgystan.
;;0.0516;;interacting with party lawmakers on sunday, prime minister modi said, we make mistakes and give masala (fodder) to the media.
;;0.0;;the mann ki baat radio programme of prime minister modi will resume on june 30 after it was discontinued during the lok sabha elections in which he was a candidate.
;;0.0;;mann ki baat is back again as pm modi assumes office for the second term.
;;0.0;;modi had signed off the last episode of the radio programme in february ahead of the lok sabha polls.
;;-0.3612;;the supreme court has asked the election commission to decide before sunday on the complaints of poll code violations against prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;-0.8979;;the opposition has complained to the election commission alleging that pm modi had brazenly violated the poll code by invoking armed forces repeatedly during his poll rallies and demanded that a campaign ban be imposed on him for some time.
;;-0.6977;;also read:pm speech asking voters to dedicate ballot to balakot not violation: ecthe congress has said it has given 37 representations to the poll panel of which 10 can be categorised under hate speeches, virulent, divisive, polarising by modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.5267;;after phase three of lok sabha polls, congress had gone to the poll panel alleging that pm modi violated the poll code by making a political speech outside a booth in ahmedabad where he cast his vote.
;;-0.25;;adding to their eyeball popping agitation this week, a man dressed as prime minister modi flogged the farmers with a whip.
;;-0.4404;;by ignoring us, it is modi is whipping us and trying to beat us out of delhi sometimes i think if we get arrested it might be better.
;;0.0772;;however, modi seems to be the one they want to meet.
;;-0.4215;;the abvp had used prime minister modi modis name during its campaign and the nsui and the aisa criticised the centres policies.
;;0.0;;digigaon projectglobal it firms are making a beeline to india after prime minister modi unleashed the multi-billion dollar digital india initiative.
;;0.6808;;i will definitely raise this issue (law and order) and good works of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the council also wants to rename teen murti chowk as teen murti haifa chowk ahead of prime minister modi modis visit to israel in july.
;;0.0;;it would mean prime minister modi continues to get votes for the bjp in the state and also the partys decision to forge an alliance with shiv sena has clicked.
;;0.5252;;a section of the sena leaders are wary that the bjp may not agree for equal share in power at the state-level if modi government returns to power with a strong majority.
;;0.8834;;referring to the prime minister modi modis speech at paris climate summit, javadekar said while the united states president donald trump has opted out of paris climate agreement, india has reassured its commitment and has taken the lead.
;;-0.34;;addressing back-to-back rallies in vijayapura and koppala in north karnataka and in bengaluru, modi brought the congress in the line of fire over its dynasty politics and attempts to divide the societyhere are the highlights:12.
;;0.128;;14pm: modi criticises the state of womens safety, roads and infrastructure in bengaluru.
;;0.0;;59pm: pm modi begins his address in bengaluru.
;;0.0;;25pm: pm modi is due to address a public meeting in bengaluru.
;;0.5106;;sonia slams modi for using the names of heroes from history for his political motives.
;;0.3182;;46pm: sonia questions pm modi on his promise of ending corruption and asks what happened to lokpal.
;;-0.128;;19pm: gandhi says modi broke his promise of generating employment.
;;0.0;;5 times, says modi.
;;0.0;;where did the money for the project go, asks modi.
;;0.2732;;we are committed to serve people and would continue to do so, asks modi at the rally.
;;0.4404;;48pm: even pm modi has acknowledged that karnatakas employment record is better.
;;0.0;;25pm: is there any minister in the congress government who is not facing corruption charge, asks modi.
;;0.0;;17pm: when bhagwan basaveshwara stands for unity, but the congress is busy dividing people, alleges modi at vijayapura rally.
;;-0.4767;;during a rally on sunday, pm modi criticised siddaramaiah for celebrating sultan jayanti to get votes but ignoring other leaders.
;;0.128;;chief minister siddaramaiah on monday served a rs 100-crore legal notice on prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah and partys state unit chief bs yeddyurappa for alleged defamatory speeches and advertisements against him in the media.
;;0.0;;in the tweet, gandhi had questioned jaitleys claim that prime minister modi did not question his predecessor dr manmohan singhs commitment to the nation when he accused him of conspiring with pakistan to affect the outcome of the gujarat elections.
;;0.0;;at a rally in palanpur earlier this month, modi had triggered a controversy by asking singh and former vice-president hamid ansari to reveal the purpose behind their secret meeting with pakistan diplomats at congress leader mani shankar aiyars house during the assembly elections in gujarat.
;;-0.3612;;naidu had rebuked congress for demanding an apology from modi for his controversial remark.
;;0.7096;;prime minister modi has praised odisha chief minister naveen patnaik for overseeing the relief and rescue operation after cyclone fani left a trail of destruction in the eastern state.
;;0.0;;modi, who arrived in bhubaneswar on friday morning, conducted an aerial survey of the cyclone-hit areas along with governor ganeshi lal, chief minister naveen patnaik and union minister dharmendra pradhan.
;;-0.875;;watch | pm modi , odisha cm patnaik review cyclone fani damageat least 34 people died after cyclone fani, which means the hood of a snake, pummelled the state on friday causing widespread damage and leaving hundreds homeless and grappling with water shortage and power cuts.
;;0.9118;;also read | pm modi in cyclone fani-hit odisha to review situationhe said everyone, including the central and state teams as well as in the district and grassroots level, worked with great coordination in the rescue and relief work.
;;0.0;;modi was in discussion with patnaik inside the aircraft in a video tweeted by news agency ani.
;;0.0;;modi undertook an aerial survey of puri, khurda, cuttack, jagatsinghpur, jajpur, kendrapara, bhadrak and balasore districts.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi also announced immediate assistance of rs 1000 crore for relief and restoration work in the areas affected by cyclone fani.
;;0.8402;;assuring all help to odisha in restoration works, modi hailed the state governments efforts in evacuating 12 lakh people to safety in a short period.
;;0.0;;i will use all my wits), he said, in what appeared to be a reference to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 14, 2019 12:18 istheadgear, shawls, portraits, silverware and swords are among the 2772 gifts received by prime minister modi that will going under the hammer in an e-auction from today.
;;0.4215;;in to register and participate in the auctionone of the attractions of the auction is a portrait of modi , at a base price of rs 2.
;;0.0;;statue of sardar vallabhbhai patel, which pm modi received from bjp anand district, gujarat.
;;0.7184;;nepal is gearing up for a grand welcome to prime minister modi during his state visit beginning on may 11.
;;0.0;;modi is travelling to nepal a month after the india visit of his counterpart kp oli.
;;0.4588;;modi will land in janapkpur, located in province 2 which is dominated by the madhesi population, from patna on may 11 where oli will welcome him at the famous ram- janaki temple.
;;0.6705;;provincial chief minister lal babu raut said it is a matter of pride for them to welcome modi in janakpur.
;;0.7351;;the mayor of janakpur will hand over the key of the city to modi , a symbolical gesture to state that he is always welcome there.
;;0.0;;modi will go from janakpur to kathmandu where he will hold delegation level talks with prime minister oli and call on the president and vice president of nepal.
;;0.4019;;on may 12, modi will visit muktinath temple, a famous pilgrimage destination for hindus from india, and offer special poojas.
;;0.0;;on the same day, kathmandu metropolitan city will offer a civic reception to modi and its mayor will also give the key of the city to him.
;;0.0258;;some critics are holding modi responsible for a six-month blockade of the nepal-india border after new delhi expressed displeasure over nepals new constitution.
;;-0.2732;;the relation between prime minister modi and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is passing through a historic low.
;;0.0772;;indiaupdated: sep 15, 2019 17:41 istjammu and kashmir governor satya pal malik said that the message from prime minister modi when he took charge of the erstwhile state was to make it shine so much that the people of pakistan occupied kashmir (pok) would want to come and settle here.
;;0.2023;;in a televised address to the nation three days after the far reaching decision, pm modi sought to assuage concerns of the people saying j&k will not remain a union territory for long.
;;0.34;;assuming this city has the equivalent of new delhis posh and pricey hub of luxury shops, watering holes and edgy eating houses amid the cacophony of paved streets, overhead cables and partition history, it certainly would not be juhu-bandra, as an economist-historian and adviser to prime minister modi would have us believe.
;;-0.1779;;when modi used the term khan market gang last month in the closing phases of the general election, it was to mock the group of the entitled, the liberals and leftists, the power brokers of delhi who he believed hung out there and decided the agenda for the rest of india.
;;0.0;;if anything, the south bombay gang is lock-stock-barrel firmly behind modi and the new idea of india with its majoritarianism and muscular nationalism.
;;0.1027;;pm modi reached abu dhabi, uaes capital city from paris on friday, on the second leg of his three-nation tour to france, uae and bahrain.
;;0.4404;;watch: pm modi conferred with uaes highest civilian awardin abu dhabi, the two leaders discussed measures to improve trade and cultural ties between india and the uae.
;;0.5106;;pm modi and crown prince, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan also discussed the full spectrum of the strong india-uae partnership, which has been built over generations, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;0.4939;;pm modi launched the rupay card by making a special purchase which he will offer as prasad at the shreenathji temple in bahrain on sunday.
;;0.0;;from abu dhabi, pm modi will visit bahrain, where he will hold talks with king shaikh hamad bin isa al khalifa and also witness the formal beginning of the re-development of the temple of shreenathji -- the oldest in the gulf region before returning to france on sunday to attend the g7 summit meetings.
;;-0.5267;;to another question pertaining to congress president rahul gandhis remarks against prime minister modi , he said every one in the country knew who is a thief.
;;0.4019;;he further said that every minister had been given duties and asked to be present at mein bhi chowkidar event of the party that would be addressed by prime minister modi at 11 places in all the 10 lok sabha constituencies.
;;0.6486;;as the discussion progresses, banshidhar praises prime minister modi and credits him with taking strong decision to give a befitting reply to pakistan through air strike on terror camps at balakot in pakistan.
;;-0.296;;no other pm in the past could do what modi has done.
;;0.6757;;till 2014, rambharat was a samajwadi party loyalist but supported the bjp after getting influenced by modi.
;;0.7184;;modi enjoys support of all the communities.
;;0.0772;;before he could complete the sentence, another villager akshayvar singh asks him, why are you chanting modi , modi?
;;0.6369;;others like purushottam singh and ramlakshan singh have their own logics for their support to pm modi.
;;0.0;;ramlakshan compares modi to former pm late lal bahadur shastri.
;;0.128;;modi launched swachh bharat scheme and ensured construction of toilets in every house.
;;0.4019;;he introduced schemes like ayushman bharat and ujjawala yojana under which the poor were given free lpg connections, he says, adding that irrespective of caste and creed, modi worked for every section of the society.
;;0.3612;;no one is happy with the modi government.
;;0.4404;;another local veerendra chaudhary says modi is good for the post of pm.
;;0.6124;;pramod kumar singh, who wants to join the army, says: modi extensively toured foreign countries and strengthened indias position globally.
;;0.5719;;another aspirant shakti singh says, even the jawans who are deployed on the borders are happy because of the policies of pm modi.
;;-0.4939;;attacking opposition parties for cornering modi government over unemployment, shakti says: earlier, there was group d recruitment examination, then ssc.
;;0.5499;;bjp with just 23 mlas in odisha did not have enough numbers to put up a candidate of its own, but a last-minute phone call from pm modi and home minister amit shah to chief minister naveen patnaik helped the party get its own man elected.
;;0.4404;;pm modi and union home minister amit shah had a discussion with me on supporting vaishnaw.
;;0.0;;a senior odisha bjp leader said vaishnaw was noticed by modi and shah during his entrepreneurial days in gujarat.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was monitoring the situation in gorakhpur and he was in touch with central and state government officials, the prime ministers office tweetedminister of state (health) anupriya patel and secretary (health) ck mishra, along with a team of doctors, are a part of the union health ministry delegation that left for gorakhpur on saturday.
;;0.6808;;prime minister modi and home minister amit shah do interact with journalists but are known to have strong likes and dislikes.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi on monday said the mission mahamilavat of the opposition is keen to form a khichdi government at the centre, the strings of which will remain in the hands of the congress.
;;0.8271;;addressing a poll rally in jamua under the koderma lok sabha seat in support of bjp candidate annapurna devi, modi alleged that the grand alliance of opposition parties does not, at any cost, want a government with absolute majority.
;;-0.3818;;as india voted in the fourth phase of the lok sabha elections, congress president rahul gandhi launched a scathing attack on pm modi over jobs and alleged corruption in the rafale military jet deal.
;;-0.4404;;the modi government has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing in the deal for the french aircraft.
;;0.3612;;gandhi said modi had promised rs 15 lakh in the bank accounts of all indians and asked whether anyone present in the rally has got it.
;;0.2263;;prime minister modi , whose bjp is said to have pushed the two factions to come together, hailed the merger.
;;0.875;;encouraged by the results of the first phase, prime minister modi on wednesday thanked the people of odisha and congratulated local party officials for the good work they had done.
;;0.9136;;riding on prime minister modi modis wave, the bjp is hopeful that it will be an easy win for the party, said ajay bhatt, state president.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi on saturday met with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan and held talks on a host of key issues including trade and investment, defence and counter-terrorism.
;;0.4019;;earlier on saturday, prime minister modi met the presidents of indonesia and brazil separately on the sidelines of the g-20 summit and discussed ways to boost bilateral ties and enhance cooperation in trade and investment.
;;0.0;;on friday, modi held bilateral and plurilateral meetings with many leaders, including us president donald trump, russian president vladimir putin and chinas xi jinping.
;;0.296;;new zealand is committed to working with nsg members to reach a decision as soon as possible, a joint statement by prime minister modi and his kiwi counterpart john key said after the latters visit to new delhi in october last year.
;;0.0;;the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1000 was declared by prime minister modi on the night of november 8, 2016.
;;-0.8176;;prime minister modi mourned his death and described it as a major loss.
;;0.0;;before the up assembly elections, prime minister modi had targetted the development authorities in the state in an election speech on february 8 in ghaziabad.
;;-0.4215;;prime minister modi on monday conducted an aerial survey of puri and khurdha districts of odisha to see for himself the scale of devastation caused by cyclone fani, which made landfall in the state on may 3.
;;0.7003;;addressing a poll rally at sankhalim in support of bjp lok sabha candidate shripad naik, he said gandhis speeches are known for his curses against prime minister modi and also for their humour quotient.
;;0.25;;one is that he utters curses against prime minister modi and second is that he is known for his jokes, fadnavis said.
;;0.128;;money started accumulating in government coffers after modi launched a drive against black money, he said.
;;-0.4767;;the modi government will give it to the poor when a new government is formed, he said.
;;0.6369;;read more: pm to unveil start up india today: key facts about the grand melalater in the day, prime minister modi will release the start-up action plan, visit a virtual exhibition and interact with start-up entrepreneurs at the eventwill join the programme to commence the start-up india movement this evening.
;;0.0;;looking forward to interacting with start-up entrepreneurs, modi tweeted.
;;-0.1419;;editorialsupdated: sep 01, 2019 18:02 istaddressing a malayalam manorama media conclave on friday, prime minister modi said that people do not need to agree on everything, but there must be civility in public life for differing streams to be able to hear each others point of view.
;;0.4019;;a senior bjp goa leader and former state minister wilfred mesquita has written to prime minister modi expressing his displeasure against the goings-on in the local party unit claiming that they have been patronising corruption and working against the prime ministers objectives.
;;-0.6124;;while many plots by is terrorists have been foiled, including one allegedly targeting prime minister modi , the groups first known successful strike in india was a pipe bomb explosion in a bhopal-ujjain passenger train at jabri railway station in madhya pradesh on march 7.
;;0.3818;;international union of architects (uia) had earlier written to prime minister modi urging him to ensure protection, preservation and maintenance of the trio.
;;0.0;;revolutionary writer and maoist ideologue p vara vara rao on friday rubbished the pune polices claims that they have seized an incriminating letter that quotes him as being part of a plot to assassinate prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;besides discussing the possibility of a rajiv gandhi-like incident involving modi , the letter also mentions a plan to purchase m-4 rifles and four lakh rounds of ammunition at a cost of rs 8 crore.
;;-0.8201;;speaking to mediapersons in hyderabad, rao said he knew gadling and jacob but was not involved in any plot to kill modi.
;;0.5859;;modi and shah have set their eyes on unconquered territories, odisha being one of them, to win the 2019 lok sabha election.
;;0.0;;as cm, modi had taken several initiatives of which chintan shibir was unique, without any precedent in the administrative history of the country.
;;0.2263;;modi has not done any work till date that is worth adopting.
;;0.4019;;on one side, prime minister modi is appealing people to clean up their surroundings under the swachh bharat abhiyan.
;;0.7269;;they should actively take the programmes of the party as well as the modi government such as swachch abhiyan and tree plantation to the people.
;;0.0;;under the leadership of prime minister modi , india is going to be the third largest economy in the world with five trillion dollars by 2022, he said.
;;0.0;;while speaking to reporters, gandhi slammed prime minister modi for not talking about employment for youth and farmers.
;;0.5859;;in almost all his election rallies across the country, prime minister modi has been mentioning the successful conduct of kumbh-2019 in uttar pradeshs prayagraj.
;;0.5859;;with hindutva and hindu pride being the inherent message, every event of the kumbh was played up by prime minister modi , up chief minister yogi adityanath and his cabinet colleagues.
;;0.2732;;as the fair ended and poll fever gripped the country, the bjp leaders, led by pm modi and bjp president amit shah, kick-started their poll campaign playing up its kumbh achievements and hitting out at the previous governments for failing to match the standard of the fair.
;;0.8225;;at the much-hyped dharm sansad too, priests and religious leaders were seen singing praises for modi and adityanath for organising the best ever kumbh, said prof dube, who is also the former vice-chancellor of the uttar pradesh rajarshi tandon open university (uprtou).
;;0.8225;;no wonder then, addressing an election rally in kaushambi on may 1, modi went all out to win voters by sharing how he took a dip at sangam, organised kumbh successfully, and that too, without any untoward incident, awasthi said.
;;0.7506;;modi also spoke on how he washed the feet of sanitation workers after the fair for their efforts in organising swachch kumbh  his obvious aim was to woo hindu and dalit voters that are essential for the partys dream to return to power, he added.
;;-0.8658;;target nehruduring his kaushambi rally, modi also hit out at the countrys first prime minister pt jawaharlal nehru for the 1954 kumbh tragedy that allegedly left hundreds dead.
;;0.4215;;a cut-out poster of prime minister modi , put up barely 50 metres from the sangam ghat, was presented as a popular selfie point for visitors.
;;0.926;;the win in up is not a momentary outburst of peoples sentiments for the bjp, but the wind is blowing in favour of the party as people have faith in prime minister modi , rupani said.
;;-0.4019;;the outcome of the five-state, february-march polls has put the spring back on the feet of the partys gujarat unit, which has been besieged by a clutch of problems since its mascot chief minister modi left the state to become the prime minister in 2014.
;;-0.296;;for their part, modi and bjp chief amit shah could concentrate more on their home state now, since no elections are due before the yearend, other than gujarat and himachal pradesh.
;;0.7906;;rupani sounded confident of victory, saying the bjp will win 150 seats  a target set by modi.
;;-0.3182;;he called modi the partys pillar and said the elections would be fought under his leadership.
;;0.5859;;i feel that his incomplete dream has been fulfilled by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;modi will be in the us on june 25 and 26, days before he goes to israel, the first indian prime minister to visit the jewish state.
;;0.836;;modi enjoyed a good rapport with trumps predecessor barack obama, it will be interesting to see how his relationship shapes with the billionaire-turned-politician.
;;0.0;;modi is likely to flag indian concerns over the h-1b visa when he meets trump.
;;0.0;;it began with the congress vice president taking a swipe at modi , saying he was not in a position to lead by example on his counsel against self-promotion.
;;0.0;;modi has 29.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is set to inaugurate the rs5,181 crore kochi metro on saturday.
;;-0.4939;;president donald trump remarks on monday that prime minister modi sought his mediation on the kashmir issue will damage the indo-us relations, ex-diplomats said.
;;0.0;;also read | india rebuts trump on claim that pm modi asked him to mediate on kashmiri was with prime minister modi two weeks ago and we talked about this subject (kashmir).
;;-0.34;;in new delhi, the ministry of external affairs was quick to deny that modi ever asked for a mediation on kashmir.
;;-0.4404;;his statement on kashmir today (that pm modi sought mediation from trump) was categorically denied by the indian government within hours, ayres told pti.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi visited canada in april 2015 during which india inked a multi-million-dollar deal for uranium to power its civilian nuclear programme for five years and also inked 13 agreements, including on skill development, following talks with then canadian prime minister stephen harper.
;;0.1531;;kcrs plan to invite prime minister modi came unstuck since he could not get a one-on-one meeting with him.
;;0.7964;;(ap file photo)there has also been a marked increase in communication between the two governments, starting with prime minister modi modis congratulatory call that  indian officials say with smug satisfaction  was among the first five that trump accepted.
;;0.7003;;g-to-gwhen trump called modi to congratulate him on the bjps stunning victory in the uttar pradesh elections, many wondered if that was routine.
;;-0.5719;;as german chancellor angela merkel also received a call after her partys victory in a provincial election, it could be argued that modi was no exception.
;;0.0;;delhi bjp spokesperson tajinder pal singh bagga, in a letter to prime minister modi , requested the road should be named after the slain soldier.
;;-0.5267;;even after seat-sharing talks started, the sena criticised prime minister modi modis move on demonetisation, saying it was like a nuclear attack that has turned the country into hiroshima and nagasaki.
;;-0.2263;;congress president rahul gandhi on thursday denied that his father, the late former prime minister rajiv gandhi, had gone for a holiday on a warship, a day after prime minister modi alleged that the latter had used the ins viraat as a personal taxi for family vacations.
;;-0.7003;;rahul gandhi also accused modi , who has attacked rajiv gandhi for being bhrashtachari no1, of taking refuge in the past because he had been outmaneuvered, outflanked and cut down, as far as the present and the future are concerned.
;;0.71;;i dont fear mr modi in the least, so i cant hate him.
;;0.0;;i dont think about my father, grandmother or great-grandfather as much as mr modi does.
;;-0.4767;;but again, dont you see  this is how mr modi creates a smokescreen to distract from the real issues that this election should be fought on.
;;0.3612;;mr modi on the other hand, runs india while obsessed with the past.
;;0.0088;;we will not allow mr modi to escape by dragging us back into the past.
;;-0.6808;;the truth is mr modi is scared of the future, hes always been terrified of it.
;;0.0;;my way of thinking is that mr modi represents a voice in this country.
;;-0.1244;;so you dont want to remove mr modi modi?
;;0.0;;mr modi is an individual.
;;0.0772;;i will bet you, whatever you want, that as far as thinking about india is concerned, im spending at least 10 times the amount of time that mr modi is spending.
;;0.0;;one way to test this is to ask mr modi to debate me on corruption, on jobs, on farmers issues and international relations.
;;0.0;;im not the one running away, mr modi is the one running away.
;;0.25;;how much time has mr modi spent really thinking through these issues or developing a vision for indias future?
;;0.0;;and mr modi bought it hook, line and sinker.
;;-0.6597;;how much time has mr modi spent actually sitting and thinking about how hes going to resolve indias unemployment crisis?
;;0.5574;;i actually think the media is being fair to me, mr modi is being fair to me.
;;0.9081;;when they do ground reports, and my colleagues are going everywhere, theyre saying that in places, (yes there is a huge job problem, and a big problem with the economy) but many reporters are coming back and saying that mr modi is popular, that unke naam pe chunav jeet sakte hain (the party can win in his name).
;;0.3089;;look till just two years ago, the media said mr modi cannot lose an election.
;;0.5859;;you said to me that mr modi is going to win the election in gujarat, he barely escaped.
;;0.0;;this is a myth that has been constructed, the myth of mr modi modi.
;;0.0258;;read | jallikattu allowed: centre makes arrangements for bull-taming in tntamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa recently wrote to prime minister modi backing the sport, which wasnt held last year for the first time in decades.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi on thursday reached bishkek in kyrgyzstan to participate in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/wgrgcst2l1  pmo india (@pmoindia) june 13, 20194:46 pm ist pm modi holds delegation level talks with xi jinping bishkek: prime minister modi holds delegation level talks with china president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit.
;;0.0;;bishkek: prime minister modi holds delegation level talks with china president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit.
;;0.8316;;read more: modi embarks on 2-day visit for sco summit1:45 pm ist warm welcome for pm modi at bishkek airport pm modi was given a warm welcome upon his arrival at bishkek airport.
;;0.0;;pm modi upon his arrival at bishkek airport ( twitter / meaindia )1:40 pm ist modi to hold meetings with putin, xi the prime minister will hold bilateral meetings with russias president vladimir putin and chinas xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit.
;;-0.34;;the schemes were launched even as prime minister modi faced all-round criticism from his political opponents and a section of economists for banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi will today address rallies in karnataka, ahead of polling for 14 constituencies on april 18, when the southern part of the state will vote in the lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;while prime minister modi will address rallies in mangaluru and bengaluru, gandhi will address public meetings in kolar, chitradurga and mysuru.
;;0.3818;;while gandhi has taken aim at the central government in his speeches, modi has acccused the coalition of being inept and has claimed repeatedly that a vote for the coalition will ensure a mahamilawat sarkar at the centre, similar to the one in the state.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi tops the list, which includes bjp president amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh, nitin gadkari, arun jaitley, m. venkaiah naidu, ram vilas paswan, sanjeev baliyan, uma bharti and smriti irani.
;;0.0;;without naming akash, prime minister modi raised the issue at a meeting of bjp mps on tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had flagged off the subsidised air service from shimla airport in 2017 to give impetus to regional connectivity.
;;0.0;;the document, sankalp patra (document of resolve), is rooted in reality, jaitley said after prime minister modi released the manifesto.
;;0.0516;;while sawant accused the congress of lacking strong national leadership to match prime minister modi , deora took a dig at the sena saying it is forced to ask for votes in the name of modi , with no solid support from its constituents in south mumbai.
;;-0.5994;;china on monday defended its military helicopters hovering over chamoli district of uttarkhand, saying it has a territorial dispute in the eastern section of the frontier with india even as welcomed prime minister modi modis remarks that not a single bullet has been fired in four decades despite the border row.
;;0.4215;;modi made the comments on friday while sharing the stage with russian president vladimir putin and the leaders of austria and moldova.
;;0.5574;;we have noted positive remarks made by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5499;;but i believe that the cpi(m), congress and tmc  the right-thinking people of all these three parties are voting for pm modi.
;;0.4767;;bengal has tremendous respect for prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;this is a vote for modi.
;;0.0;;people are saying that they will vote for modi.
;;0.7003;;is the vote in favour of modi or is the vote in favour of development?
;;0.0;;you cannot distinguish between modi and development.
;;0.0;;that was the day after he wrote, and made public, a letter to prime minister modi in which he opted out of his cabinet on health grounds.
;;0.0;;i replied in the affirmative, saying he has put at rest the speculation over his inclusion in the ministerial team of modi 2.
;;-0.5267;;the new year has begun on a familiar template for india-pakistan ties: talks and terror cannot go together, as prime minister modi put it.
;;0.0;;modi was unambiguous while laying out his governments policy towards pakistan at the raisina dialogue, a conference on geopolitics hosted by india annually.
;;-0.5859;;the modi government has been on a diplomatic offensive to isolate pakistan diplomatically and it is using every available forum to achieve the goal.
;;0.0;;not so long ago, modi had invited all saarc leaders to his swearing-in ceremony.
;;-0.7003;;prime minister modi on thursday took aim at the congress government of karnataka and accused it of having reduced bengaluru to a valley of sin from silicon valley.
;;-0.3612;;modi also attacked the janata dal (secular), another contender in the may 12 assembly election, and its leader hd deve gowda.
;;0.0;;addressing a rally in bengaluru, his sixth in the state ahead of the polls, modi listed a slew of alleged lapses by the congress government, saying it had given the city many gifts.
;;0.4215;;union home minister rajnath singh said tuesday night that all nda allies have expressed faith in prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;bhattacharya was in st petersburg for the annual forum at which russian and foreign businesspeople gather and which indian prime minister modi is attending this year.
;;0.3818;;the raids sparked angry responses from the dmk, which accused the bharatiya janata party (bjp) of using central agencies against opposition parties, even as party workers took to the streets of thoothukudi and shouted slogans against prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.1027;;karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy called prime minister modi worse than hitler after taxmen conducted raids on his party men last month.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , union ministers rajnath singh and sushma swaraj were among those present at the launch of the manifesto at the partys headquarters in new delhi.
;;0.0;;in five years, the government led by prime minister modi has taken 50 major decisions for the betterment of the country and transformed the country, amit shah said.
;;0.5267;;isro and nasa have a growing list of issues of cooperation, getting a boost from prime minister modi modis 2014 meeting with president barack obama.
;;-0.0516;;the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on sunday raked up a jeep scandal of 1948 to claim that the party-led nda regimes under prime minister modi and former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee were corruption-free.
;;0.296;;showering praise on modi for providing a corruption-free government, rao said: modi demonstrated patriotism by throwing out corruption from governance, which nobody can deny.
;;0.5106;;he also praised modi for his bold decision of surgical strikes across the line of control in pakistan.
;;0.128;;while interacting with journalists, a bjp leader said there was a feel good-like feeling among the people after the completion of three years of prime minister modi at the helm.
;;0.0;;worldupdated: sep 16, 2019 13:08 istprime minister modi will be joined in by us president donald trump at the howdy, modi!
;;0.7096;;pm modi tweeted that the special gesture highlights the strength of the relationship and recognition of the contribution of the indian community to american society.
;;0.0;;organizers have said that there will be a cultural programme followed by an address by pm modi.
;;-0.4926;;indian ambassador to the us harsh vardhan shringla called trumps participation in the howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;watch | us president donald trump to attend howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;it would be quite a historic meeting with prime minister modi and president trump jointly addressing over 50,000 indian-americans, mainly us citizens, shringla said.
;;0.0;;white house officials told pti that a request was made by prime minister modi to president trump when the two met in france last month on the sidelines of the g-7 summit.
;;0.9274;;trump, who enjoys a great chemistry and friendship with modi , immediately accepted the invitation to join him in houston and directed his officials and secret service, officials said.
;;0.3818;;the recent happenings on the cricket field have found their way into political discourse through humorous excerpts by indian premier modi modi.
;;0.4767;;pm modi tied all the happenings from the series into his speech with tongue-in-cheek humour.
;;0.6597;;samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav on tuesday took on prime minister modi on his reference to the alliance in uttar pradesh as mahamilawat and asked what would the bjps alliance with 38 parties be called.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi greeted indians on the seventh national voters day on wednesday urging eligible voters to exercise their franchise and the young to register as voters when they turn 18.
;;0.4767;;we greet the election commission & salute their important role in our democracy, pm modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 25, 2017elections are celebrations of democracy.
;;0.4019;;despite a seat-sharing arrangement with his ally bharatiya janata party (bjp) for the upcoming by-elections, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on sunday took a dig at prime minister modi , saying that he could bring the sea to nagpur if the nanar oil refinery project was moved there.
;;0.0;;addressing the media in nashik, thackeray said, if modi snaps his fingers, there will be sea in nagpur.
;;0.0;;30 pm on saturday, and a day after prime minister modi inaugurated asias longest all-weather road tunnel at chenani in udhampur district.
;;0.0;;after the demonetisation drive started in november 2016, prime minister modi has been pushing indians to opt for digital transactions and move towards a less cash economy.
;;0.8316;;it is the victory of crores of party workers, who worked under the leadership of prime minister modi , and it is the victory of party president amit shahs organizational skill and strategy, said sharma after winning the seat.
;;-0.802;;devmuni singh yadav, father of three boys and a resident of chhulkar village under sanjhauli block of rohtas district, in a letter to prime minister modi and chief minister nitish kumar, had requested the government to arrange for treatment of his children who suffer from a rare muscular disorder, otherwise allow for euthanasia.
;;0.0;;it was here that prime minister modi wielded a spade in november 2014 to remove silt and launch the varanasi leg of the swachh bharat campaign.
;;-0.5574;;the remarks come at a time when the bjp-led central government is pushing for a ban on triple talaq with prime minister modi on saturday urging muslims not to view it from a political perspective.
;;-0.9136;;those who lynched a young muslim man in jharkhand deserve the severest punishment, prime minister modi said on wednesday, and added that violence in any part of the country should be condemned equally.
;;-0.5574;;modi also spoke  for the first time  about the deaths of children caused by encephalitis in bihar, where more than 150 have died in the deadly outbreak.
;;-0.3818;;in his hour-long speech, modi cautioned opposition mps of the upper house against using their numbers to upset the governments legislative agenda.
;;0.0;;modi sharply targeted the congress during his reply, alleging the party had insulted the peoples resounding mandate in the lok sabha election when it said that while the bjp had won, the nation had been defeated.
;;0.4019;;modi suggested the congress own patel as he was from their party.
;;-0.7672;;at an election meeting in hyderabad, swaraj referred to the air strikes on terror camps in pakistans balakot following the pulwama attack and said opposition parties who do not have faith in prime minister modi were taking his pakistan counterparts statements for granted.
;;0.0;;congresswoman tulsi gabbard during a meeting with prime minister modi in new york in september 2014.
;;0.2263;;gabbard, a major in the us army national guard who has served two tours of duty in the middle east, has also struck up a close relationship with prime minister modi , who sent senior bjp official ram madhav to represent him at her wedding in hawaii in 2015, with a gift of a pashmina shawl and ganesh idol made of five metals.
;;0.2023;;hailing spirituality as indias strength, prime minister modi on tuesday lamented that some people tend to link it to religion and asserted that the two are very different.
;;0.0;;back from the campaign trail in his varanasi constituency, modi recalled how the yogi is still remembered in kashi and his teachings, which are as pure as maa ganga, continue to flow within many in the holy city where he spent his childhood.
;;0.4019;;a special postage stamp on yogoda satsanga society was also released by modi to mark the occasion.
;;0.0;;modi also recalled that the path shown by the yogi was not about mukti (salvation) but antaryatra (quest within).
;;0.0;;he met prime minister modi on thursday.
;;0.4767;;jain and dhasmana had stepped down last month-end on the expiry of their extended tenure after prime minister modi appointed samant kumar goel as the next chief of indias external spy agency, research and analysis wing and arvinda kumar as the head of ib, the countrys domestic intelligence agency.
;;0.6486;;prime minister modi is often described by his party as a workaholic who sleeps for just a few hours, presenting him as a sharp contrast to congress president rahul gandhi who is projected by the bjp as a politician lacking commitment.
;;-0.0516;;also read: exclusive | modi is obsessed with my family: rahul gandhihow do you define work?
;;0.0;;gandhi also insisted that he spent a lot more time than pm modi thinking about the country.
;;0.0772;;i will bet you, whatever you want, that as far as thinking about india is concerned, im spending at least 10 times the amount of time, that mr modi is spending, the congress president said.
;;0.0;;pm modi had also spoken about his sleep pattern during his interview with actor akshay kumar also.
;;-0.4588;;and mr modi bought it hook, line and sinker, said gandhi, who has been the target of a campaign that attempts to ridicule him.
;;-0.4215;;this week, bjp president amit shah described pm modi as a leader who has worked for 18 hours daily for the last 18 years and contrasted his 24x7 working style to rahul gandhi who he said, dashes off to undisclosed foreign destinations at the slightest discomfort.
;;0.34;;09:09am ist modi asks bjp mps to embark on padayatra on gandhi birth anniversary prime minister modi has instructed bjp mps to embark on padayatra in their constituencies and cover a distance of 150 km between october 2 and october 31, the birth anniversaries of mahatma gandhi and vallabhbhai patel respectively, parliamentary affairs minister prahlad joshi said on tuesday.
;;-0.0258;;the omission of first prime minister jawaharlal nehrus name in the speech of prime minister modi in lok sabha on the historic quit india movement attracted criticism from the congress.
;;0.4019;;echoing allegations made by prime minister modi and bharatiya janata party president amit shah during lok sabha poll campaign, hundreds of people, ranging from landless farmers to businessmen, are publicly naming tmc leaders who have taken money from them.
;;0.6705;;the chain of events has clearly vindicated modi modi.
;;0.8807;;dismissing the congress as a vote cutter party, prime minister modi on saturday said the grand old party has now stooped to maligning his honesty and hard work.
;;-0.3182;;desperate opposition is now trying everything up their sleeves to keep modi out of power, the prime minister said.
;;0.6369;;modi also accused samajwadi party (sp) chief akhilesh yadav of cheating his bahujan samaj party (bsp) mayawati by benefitting from her vote bank and falsely promising her the pms chair.
;;-0.4767;;i have never seen so many people gathering for a political cause in the month of may, said modi , in a choked voice.
;;0.0;;modi has grown up eating dust of bharat mata and has lived for bharat mata.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi will be given a grander reception when he lands in bhubaneswar on saturday.
;;0.0;;hundreds of bjp workers will be standing on two sides of the road when modi takes that route.
;;0.8316;;with modi as the prime minister and supreme leader of the bjp, the party is wooing the underprivileged sections of the society like never before.
;;-0.296;;addressing a public meeting in barabanki on wednesday, congress president rahul gandhi had said both mayawati and akhilesh were under pressure from prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5267;;there is no pressure of modi on me, he said.
;;-0.7096;;hitting out at modi , mayawati said the pm was silent against pakistan for the last five years and was now showing aggression to hide his governments failures.
;;-0.4588;;only corrupt, communal and casteist people are upset with prime minister modi , union minister m venkaiah naidu said on saturday as he attacked the opportunistic coming together of opposition parties.
;;-0.3818;;there are three categories of people who are upset with modi: corrupt, communal and casteist.
;;-0.4215;;they are unhappy because modi has weeded them out.
;;0.2263;;he hailed the modi government for working strictly on the development agenda during the three years and said 75 central ministers will travel to all parts of the country to inform people about its achievements and initiatives.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister modi wants to upgrade the countrys military hardware by replenishing its range of artillery weapons after years of delays in ordering new equipment.
;;0.5499;;but modi wants deals with foreign companies to include the setting up of factories and plants in india to boost the local industry.
;;0.6597;;interestingly, even if prime minister modi had said yes when chief minister o panneerselvam had met him on thursday with a request for an ordinance, the political fruits would have been mostly reaped only by the aiadmk.
;;0.2023;;perhaps modi was aware of that and he thought that by playing ball with the aiadmk, and by default with the burgeoning band of protestors, he could achieve nothing much politically, other than just enabling his tamil nadu state leaders to project themselves as the saviours of tamil culture.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and chief minister adityanath had said the decision would be taken at the first meeting of the state cabinet.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi has called a meeting of heads of various political parties in new delhi on wednesday, the third day of the budget session of parliament, to discuss the one nation-one election issue.
;;0.0;;on the first two days of the 17th lok sabha, the newly-elected members took oath , beginning with prime minister modi on monday.
;;0.0;;here are the live updates of proceedings on day 3:10:46 am ist cpis sudhakar reddy to attend meeting cpi general secretary s sudhakar reddy will attend the meeting called by prime minister modi in parliament on wednesday: ani.
;;0.0;;10:40 am ist ncp chief sharad pawar to attend pms meeting ncp chief sharad pawar will attend the meeting called by prime minister modi in the parliament on wednesday.
;;0.5267;;three years later, even as both prime minister modi and shah strive to ensure a bjp victory in the state, there is another man who is silently doing the invisible organisational work that shah was entrusted with three years ago.
;;-0.4215;;the aite, released by the prime minister modi on july 29 (international tiger day), said jharkhand had five tigers but no tigers had been recorded at the ptr during the estimation period.
;;0.34;;security was beefed up at the pathankot air force base during prime minister modi modis visit to the air base.
;;0.0;;the latest gdp figures had prompted former prime minister manmohan singh to say that the economy was in a prolonged slowdown because of all-round mismanagement by the modi government.
;;0.0;;pokhriyal also claimed that prime minister modi is not one to wait for the last year in office to take big decisions.
;;-0.631;;before this, there was a perception that the governments always take big decisions in the last one year of its term but pm modi has broken the perception in a big way by doing so from the very first day of the formation of government.
;;0.0;;on may 28, prime minister modi lauded the clean-up during his weekly radio address to the nation.
;;0.3612;;this comes almost three months after chief minister devendra fadnavis during the groundbreaking ceremony of the greenfield airport by prime minister modi had said that one terminal building and one runway will be ready by december 2019.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi might be as cyber-savvy as president xi jinping, specially in their use of social media, swipe for swipe, but his country and people continue to trail far behind china in internet use, almost three times less.
;;0.2551;;rajnath singh enjoys the number two position in the modi government as the union home minister and is constantly under scrutiny of the media and public over law and order across the country, especially in conflict zones such as jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7845;;in bhubaneswar for the bjps national executive, singh spoke to hts rajesh mahapatra and kumar uttam on the challenge from a united opposition and why he believes modi can win many elections to come.
;;0.0;;a: prime minister modi and his credibility.
;;0.4215;;a: even a united opposition cannot take on modi.
;;0.34;;what value does she add to any alliance against modi.
;;0.5106;;it all points towards one fact: that people have immense trust on modi and his governance model.
;;0.4939;;that is the biggest strength of modi.
;;0.5859;;prime minister modi arrived in st petersburg on wednesday night for an annual summit with president vladimir putin during which the two sides will sign a host of agreements, with all eyes on a deal to build with russias help the last two units of indias largest nuclear power plant.
;;0.6908;;in october 2015, a joint statement between modi and putin promised the signing of a general framework agreement on the nuclear units by december 2016.
;;0.802;;we have clear understanding of our core concerns and vital security interests, he said, hours before modi was to arrive from spain.
;;0.6249;;modi arrived in stormy weather in st. petersburg, the former capital of imperial russia that was founded by czar peter the great in 1703, and was also known as petrograd and leningrad.
;;0.0;;after the summit, putin will host modi at a private dinner without any aides.
;;0.4939;;on friday, modi will be the guest of honor at the annual st. petersburg international economic forum, which is being attended by a host of political and business leaders from around the world.
;;0.128;;launched on november 2 by prime minister modi , the 59-minute loan portalwhich lets businesses apply for instant loans without having to visit bankshas led to 1.
;;0.7717;;a joint statement issued a day after elaborate talks between prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin here described the close bilateral cooperation in military and military-technical fields as pillar of the special and privileged strategic partnership and said the two sides agreed on collaborative development and production of military equipment and regular joint exercises of the armed forces of the two countries.
;;0.5719;;modi and putin reaffirmed their commitment to enhance military-to-military cooperation through military political dialogues, joint military exercises, staff-talks, training in each others military institutions and through other mutually agreed area of cooperation.
;;0.0;;pm modi , who landed in the major port city of vladivostok in russias far east yesterday, has held a string of bilateral meetings with world leaders.
;;0.3818;;watch | pm modi meets shinzo abe, malaysian premier; discusses extradition of zakir naikforeign ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said the discussions with dr mahathir mohamad were focused on the multiple layers of the bilateral relationship with malaysia.
;;0.4019;;singh replaces mahendra nath pandey, 61, who had to quit after his appointment as a union minister in modi government as part of one-man, one-post principle that the party follows.
;;0.1027;;the uttarakhand unit of bjp has demanded more representation from the state in the union cabinet amid speculation that prime minister modi may soon expand his council of ministers ahead of the 2019 general election.
;;0.0;;if modi chooses to carry out the fourth expansion of his cabinet, it could be his last as hardly a year is left for the next parliamentary polls, said a state bjp leader, who is familiar with the developments in the partys central unit.
;;-0.2263;;a section of state bjp leaders, however, demanded that modi induct into his cabinet one of the four parliamentarians representing uttarakhand or recently elected rajya sabha member from the state anil baluni.
;;0.0;;tamta was inducted into the union cabinet when modi expanded it third time last year.
;;-0.2263;;a section of bjp leaders have demanded that modi induct into his cabinet some more faces from the state citing several reasons.
;;0.4019;;former state bjp vice president lakhiram joshi said if prime minister modi chooses to induct some of the three parliamentarians from garhwal, it would help balance the regional equations ahead of the lok sabha polls.
;;0.3182;;besides, modi will expand his cabinet in view of the political equations unfolding ahead of the next general elections, a state bjp office bearer said.
;;0.4019;;party insiders, however, said modi might carry out his fourth and supposedly last cabinet expansion ahead of the next general elections to induct some of the parliamentarians belonging to the bjp allies.
;;0.6369;;such a move has been necessitated after some of the nda allies of the ruling bjp like the telugu desam party recently opted out of the modi government, a leader of the bjps state unit said requesting anonymity.
;;-0.6249;;he had taken twitter by the storm two days ago, when he broke down and the prime minister modi consoled him just six hours after isro lost communication with the vikram lander.
;;0.7184;;rawat appealed to the people to pitch in to support the call given by prime minister modi for a plastic free india.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping on saturday held talks in qingdao to draw a blueprint for deepening bilateral relationship and reviewed the implementation of decisions they had taken at an informal summit in wuhan, reflecting a renewed momentum in their ties.
;;0.8271;;further strengthening the positive momentum in the bilateral relationship generated at the wuhan informal summit, pm modi had a warm and forward looking meeting with chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit, kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;modi arrived here in the afternoon on a two-day visit to attend the annual shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;0.8957;;prime minister modi has asked the countrys top police officers to focus on foot-patrolling to deal with crimes effectively and win the peoples confidence.
;;0.9477;;modi reviewed the creation of a special website dedicated to winners of gallantry awards during the meet.
;;-0.128;;condemning the demonetisation drive, the opposition parties said prime minister modi and his government have destroyed the credibility of the autonomous body that controls the countrys monetary policy.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister modi and his government have destroyed rbi, its credibility and the role of an institution, congress leader sandeep dikshit told ani.
;;-0.296;;the congress has accused prime minister modi of polarising voters in uttar pradesh through communal statements and asked the election commission to refrain him from bringing disrepute to his post.
;;0.2732;;sp leader abu azmi also said that modi was just trying to create polarisation by making such remarks.
;;0.2023;;soon, the way prime minister modi was playing politics by gathering the small community votes is going to end, he added.
;;0.1779;;on sunday, modi drew a parallel between hindu and muslim festivals to accuse the akhilesh yadav administration of practising discrimination on the basis of religion.
;;0.3182;;centres funding cut for maternity benefit scheme may prove detrimentalthe 2016 study holds relevance in the context of the central government announcement on may 18, 2017, that it is revising the indira gandhi matritva sahyog yojana (maternity benefit programme), announced by prime minister modi on december 31, 2016, by restricting the scheme to firstborns instead of first two live births as applicable earlier.
;;0.6705;;the bisada lynching and the cow vigilantism had attracted nationwide attention and saw bjp on the back foot as the party, including the prime minister modi , had earlier campaigned heavily against bovine slaughter.
;;0.25;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 13:36 istprime minister modi on saturday launched a slew of metro projects in maharashtras mumbai and launched a metro coach built indigenously under the make in india programme, in a visit that comes ahead of the assembly elections scheduled in october.
;;0.2263;;pm modi inaugurated projects worth more than rs 20,000 crore.
;;0.0;;modi conducted the bhoomipoojan for metro line 10 (gaimukh-shivaji chowk), line 11 (wadala-chhatrapati shivaji maharaj terminus) and line 12 (kalyan-taloja) and the proposed metro bhavan in aarey.
;;-0.4404;;pm modi also laid foundation for the 32-storey metro bhavan at the aarey colony, one of the two large green belts of the megapolis, against amid public criticism.
;;0.0;;at aurangabad, modi will dedicate the first phase of state-of-the-art aurangabad industrial city (auric), which is developed under the delhi-mumbai industrial corridor (dmic), at shendra midc.
;;0.0;;state industries minister subhash desai confirmed that modi will inaugurate the first phase of auric.
;;0.4019;;the congress has called for a broad-based grand alliance of opposition parties to defeat prime minister modi and the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.4767;;seen as a leader who could give a tough fight to modi , kejriwal shares a good equation with west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress president mamata banerjee, janata dal (united) chief nitish kumar and some left leaders as well.
;;0.3634;;but, after the initial burst of popularity, his image as a potential challenger to modi has been considerably weakened.
;;0.8555;;nitish kumarwith established credentials of a politician who can deliver good governance, nitish kumar has the best chance to emerge as the face to challenge modi in the 2019 elections.
;;0.3919;;but, if circumstances so warrant, the opposition camp might well be tempted to field mamata against modi.
;;0.0258;;mamata banerjee likely to meet pm modi tomorrow, political circles abuzzwest bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is likely to meet prime minister modi in new delhi on wednesday, people familiar with the matter said, setting political circles abuzz in west bengal.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi modis informal summitry seems to have earned a small prize by way of an announcement by russian leader vladimir putin that his country, china and india would be designated major players within the eight-member shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
;;0.0;;he is banking more on charisma of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4215;;jagan and kcr also confabulated on their respective stands on issues slated to be discussed at the all-party meeting convened by prime minister modi in new delhi on june 19, they said.
;;-0.3818;;in a late-night address on november 8, prime minister modi withdrew rs 500 and rs 1000 notes, sucking out roughly 86  of the cash in circulation.
;;0.4019;;however, ups most talked about politician selfie happened on the stage in saifai village when samajwadi party patriarch mulayam singh yadavs son prateek yadav and daughter-in-law aparna yadav took several selfies with prime minister modi at the wedding reception of mulayams grandnephew and lalu yadavs daughter.
;;-0.5994;;former union minister and son of former prime minister lal bahadur shastri, anil shastri will write to prime minister modi after the parliament session for declassifying documents, including the raj narain committee report of 1977, relating to the death of his father in tashkent in 1966.
;;0.3818;;indiaupdated: aug 11, 2019 21:02 istactor-turned-politician rajinikanth on sunday congratulated pm modi and amit shah for the governments bold move on mission kashmir.
;;-0.2732;;prime minister modi said on last friday he will never be able to forgive thakur for insulting mahatma gandhi.
;;0.8042;;prime minister modi has made relations with islamic countries so strong and this is the benefit of his foreign visits, she asserted.
;;0.5994;;terming prime minister modi modis speech in the lok sabha as arrogant, the congress on tuesday said he lost a good opportunity to present his vision and what he and his party stood for.
;;0.3612;;answering criticism over demonetisation, modi asserted in the lok sabha that the timing for the decision was perfect as the economy was doing well and hit out at the congress whose record he questioned with regard to various issues.
;;-0.2263;;replying to a debate on the motion of thanks on the presidents address which was adopted by the house later amid a walkout by the congress, modi addressed point-by-point the issues raised by the opposition, including surgical strikes and allocations for mnrega, agriculture sector and for the scheduled castes.
;;0.4019;;pm modi , who arrived in france on sunday to attend the summit as a special invitee, will speak on pressing global issues of environment, climate and digital transformation while also meeting world leaders.
;;-0.4588;;on the sidelines, pm modi and us president donald trump are likely to discuss the situation in kashmir, trade irritants between the countries, and other bilateral matters.
;;0.6369;;trump has said he will discuss with modi the situation in jammu & kashmir and help ease tensions between india and pakistan following the nullification of article 370, which gave special status to the region.
;;0.5859;;pm modi begins by congratulating pm johnson on englands spectacular win in the third test of the ashes a short while ago.
;;0.0516;;the meeting of modi and guterres came a day after pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi called the un chief to apprise him about the evolving and delicate situation in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.128;;earlier in the day, pm modi launched a $4.
;;0.0;;modi, the first indian prime minister to visit the key gulf nation, offered prayers at the shreenathji temple in manama, the oldest temple in the region, and also the prasad that he bought with the rupay card after launching it in the uae on saturday.
;;0.8625;;this is among the oldest temples in the region and manifests the strong ties between india and bahrain, modi tweeted and shared some of the blessed moments from the temple in his tweet.
;;0.2732;;modi also greeted and interacted the indian diaspora, who came to attend the event at the temple.
;;0.0;;this is modi magic (prime minister modi modi).
;;0.6124;;the huge mandate is result of able leadership of modi and party chief amit shah, she said.
;;0.7269;;in coming assembly polls in rajasthan, we will win with huge mandate under leadership of modi.
;;0.5994;;peoples faith has increased on the bjp in view of the schemes, polices and development works by the modi government, he said.
;;-0.4767;;shah recalled how modi reached kashmir before the (then) chief minister omar abdullah reached out to people when a disastrous flood hit the valley in september 2014.
;;0.4877;;he said the modi government had made more efforts to improve relationships with pakistan than any other government.
;;0.0772;;there is a sense in washington that prime minister modi missed an opportunity when he told trump that india had reduced its tariffs on us-made harley-davidson motorcycles but cited a still absurdly high 50  tariff.
;;0.6124;;prime minister modi in his congratulatory tweet said, pranab da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
;;-0.8859;;read: 4 terrorists, 3 iaf men killed in pathankot air force base attackhow security forces fought backthe terrorists, who struck just a week after prime minister modi modis unscheduled visit to lahore, could not penetrate the defence cordon at the air base as they met with effective response from the security forces.
;;-0.25;;the pakistan anglesaturdays attack came close on the heels of an upswing in india-pakistan ties after pm modi made the surprise trip to lahore last month and held talks with his pakistani counterpart, nawaz sharif.
;;-0.3612;;congress president rahul gandhi on saturday accused the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) of attacking the countrys institutions and said the message from karnataka is that prime minister modi is not bigger than india.
;;0.5574;;my message to the pm modi is that the prime minister is not bigger than the people of india, than the supreme court or the members of parliament.
;;-0.3612;;the idea that pm modi is fighting corruption is a lie.
;;0.6908;;prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping have the opportunity to meet at least three times this year to take forward their friendship forged during their unprecedented informal summit in wuhan, chinas ambassador to india luo zhaohui said on friday.
;;0.0;;xi had hosted modi in the central chinese city of xian in 2015 and last week the two leaders met in wuhan.
;;0.0;;the envoy said the idea of holding an informal summit was first mooted by prime minister modi when he met president xi on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation in astana, kazakhstan in 2017.
;;0.4391;;luo said president xi and prime minister modi will have three more opportunities this year to carry forward their fruitful and wide-ranging conversations in wuhan.
;;0.3612;;luo also said that both sides have agreed to instruct officials to work out specific plans and measures to implement the consensus reached between president xi and prime minister modi and further build on the informal summit in wuhan and work towards opening new vistas in china-india relations.
;;-0.6369;;in yet another social media video that surfaced on the social media earlier this year, army lance naik yagya pratap singh alleged harassment by superiors for writing to prime minister modi over problems faced by soldiers.
;;0.7003;;the cm had written to prime minister modi on wednesday, seeking a special flood relief package for the state.
;;0.1154;;taking a jibe at prime minister modi , the shiv sena said that after all it was not mann ki baat, but kaam ki baat that worked and the sena got the highest number of seats based on its development work.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi takes pride in thinking big.
;;0.5719;;in his second term in office, mr modi has repeatedly highlighted how the country must come together to celebrate two momentous events: the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi this year; and the 75th year of indian independence in 2022.
;;-0.4118;;the actor-turned-politician, who has been criticising the modi government for long, said it was painful for him to leave the bjp with which he has had such a long association, but was disturbed at the treatment meted out by the party to stalwarts such as l k advani, murli manohar joshi, arun shourie and yashwant sinha.
;;0.6597;;he slammed the bjps leadership of prime minister modi and party chief amit shah saying earlier there was lokshahi (democracy) and now there is tanashahi (dictatorship) in the party.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister modi on thursday chaired a meeting to review preparedness to deal with a severe cyclone that was due to make landfall friday.
;;0.0258;;although chief information commissioner rk mathur has divested acharyulu of the human resource development ministry portfolio, two days after he ordered disclosure of records of the degree course of ba, 1978, the year in which prime minister modi is said to have passed from delhi university, he will continue to adjudicate matters in which he has already issued notices and is finalising orders.
;;-0.34;;however, sources also attribute the development to a recent election rally in ghaziabad in which prime minister modi slammed the state government for denying the comptroller and auditor general (cag) an audit of gda.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has addressed 26 rallies in the state, while congress president rahul gandhi has held more than 40 rallies and conducted many more road shows.
;;0.6705;;i am thankful to prime minister modi , union home minister amit shah, bjp working president jp nadda and chief minister yogi adityanath for this [cabinet rank], said rana.
;;0.2732;;read: skill development panel report to be made publiclaunched in july, 2015 by prime minister modi , the much-hyped scheme with a corpus of rs1,500 crore, which was later increased to rs6,000 crore, aimed at training 2.
;;0.1901;;turnbull and his indian counterpart modi will confirm the importance of the ceca but there are issues on both sides, mazumdar said.
;;0.7506;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi launched the partys election campaign in gujarat on monday with a promise to give a government that would listen to `mann ki baat of people while he took pot shots at prime minister modi for catering only to the rich.
;;0.0;;the congress vice president also targeted modi on the land acquisition bill.
;;0.5574;;prime minister modi promised to create two crore jobs a year.
;;0.0;;patidar youth told me that entire education sector is controlled by 10-15 people close to modi modi.
;;-0.3814;;hitting back at rahul gandhi following his attack on prime minister modi over demonetisation, bjp on wednesday said the congress leader was voicing his own and not the poors pain, and accused him of being a spokesperson for those with black money.
;;-0.6731;;the whole country is today backing modi in this war against black money.
;;-0.8481;;while congress has kept shouting slogans about the poor and poverty for generations, it is modi who is working to alleviate the pains inflicted on them by it, he said.
;;-0.3182;;glitches in electronic voting machines (evms) and voter-verified paper audit trail (vvpat) machines caused a delay in the voting process in many polling booths across the country on monday, even as prime minister modi slammed the opposition for casting aspersions on their efficacy.
;;-0.765;;earlier only modi was abused, now even evms are being abused.
;;0.0;;the chief ministers from all states met on saturday at the fifth meeting of niti aayog governing council in the national capital, which was chaired by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/jimgtaykge  ani (@ani) june 10, 2019the health ministers tweet appeared to confirm the buzz that prime minister modi , who had opted to induct a retired career diplomat s jaishankar as foreign minister, could appoint her as a governor.
;;0.128;;watch: article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi , shah and doval orchestrated moveregional parties in jammu and kashmir have called attempts to abrogate article 370 an aggression against the people.
;;0.5994;;follow jammu and kashmir live updates hereamit shahs statement in parliament, first in the rajya sabha and later in the lok sabha, came after meetings of the union cabinet and the governments top-decision making body on security matters, the cabinet committee on security headed by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5719;;indiaupdated: aug 14, 2019 20:44 istthe uttarakhand tourism department, in an effort to attract more tourists, would develop the trekking route taken by prime minister modi and adventurer bear grylls as modi trail, said officials of tourism department on tuesday evening.
;;0.1027;;the trekking route in the famous national park was the one which was visited by pm modi and grylls during the shoot of discovery channels popular tv show man vs wild.
;;0.0;;the trek where pm modi and grylls visited during the episode inside jim corbett national park would be developed as modi trail.
;;0.4939;;he added, during the episode, pm modi displayed courage in the wilderness of the park.
;;0.0;;earlier on tuesday evening, chief minister trivendra singh rawat also congratulated pm modi for the man vs wild episode shot in states jim corbett national park.
;;0.5994;;prime minister modi also tweeted his congratulations on the launch by the state-run indian space research organisation (isro).
;;0.796;;sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) september 17, 2019wishing our honourable prime minister modi a very happy birthday.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/nsn0hkw99b  vijender singh (@boxervijender) september 17, 2019happy birthday sir modi modi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/f1ugrhaxf8  sushil kumar (@wrestlersushil) september 17, 2019prime minister modi is in his home state for the day as gujarat has planned a day of fanfare, prayers, and rallies.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was to launch the repair work, estimated to cost rs 1,742 crore (approx.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken at the union cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister modi , environment and information and broadcasting minister prakash javadekar said.
;;0.6249;;its a clear indication that the modi government, in its second term, is ready to push ahead with labour reforms.
;;-0.4939;;instead of providing wholesome governance, aap saw its usp in confronting the modi government and modi in particular, a kind of david versus goliath battle, which aap as the quintessential outsider revelled in.
;;0.4019;;perhaps the scale of aaps victory in 2015 along with the failure of the opposition to throw up a strong alternative to modi , convinced kejriwal that he could fill the national leadership vacuum.
;;-0.4767;;but by denying tickets to all its sitting councillors and revolving the campaign around brand modi , the bjp changed the narrative.
;;0.7351;;the same middle class that cheered kejriwal when he exposed the congress appeared reluctant to endorse him when he challenged modi , a leader who has cleverly appropriated the pro-poor, anti-corruption plank post-demonetisation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , he added.
;;-0.6103;;he also criticised modi government for not keeping promises such as providing two crore jobs to youth and depositing 15 lakh in every citizens bank account.
;;-0.7783;;blaming modi for destroying businesses and farmers with his policies, he narrated a recent incident where an autorickshaw driver, after spotting him at the traffic signal in delhi, told him chowkidar chor hai.
;;0.7506;;indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 15:16 istsenior bjp leader and bihars deputy chief minister modi has scotched speculations of replacing nitish kumar as the head of the nda in bihar since changing a winning captain was not in the teams interest.
;;0.0;;sushil modi was speaking at hindustan purvoday event in jharkhands capital ranchi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;watch: nitish kumar is our captain in bihar: modi at hindustan purvodayathe captain who is leading the team to victory and is hitting boundaries shouldnt be changed.
;;0.7496;;also read | hindustan purvoday summit: pm modi fulfilled patels wish on article 370, says ravi shankar prasadbjp mlc sanjay paswans recent statement that nitish kumar should now focus on central politics as people support pm modi modis decisions and vote for him and not for nitish model, was not received well by the jd(u).
;;0.7717;;sushil modi , however, made it clear that the alliance with the jd(u) was only limited to bihar and the two parties were free to contest each other elsewhere including in jharkhand, where assembly polls are due this year.
;;-0.5994;;in 2011, when modi was chief minister, the state government had imposed a complete ban on slaughtering and transportation of cow and progeny by amending the gujarat animal preservation act, 1954.
;;0.296;;prime minister modi speaks to shashi shekhar on a range of issues, including ndas governance record, the economy, demonetisation, opposition strategy and his partys poll prospects.
;;0.4404;;also read | pm modi defends government, record on jobs, growthwhich are the three big achievements that give you satisfaction?
;;0.5157;;if modi has to be opposed, oppose him, but in the zeal to oppose modi dont attack and devalue institutions and india globally.
;;-0.1779;;the world has seen that modi has taken the initiative to shake hands.
;;0.0;;there is a question not to the prime minister but to the person that modi is.
;;-0.6486;;the election commission cleared prime minister modi on saturday of any wrongdoing in a complaint by the congress of violating the model code of conduct in speeches made in gujarats patan earlier this month.
;;-0.2732;;in the rally, pm modi had, in a reference to the capture of an indian air force pilot by pakistan after a dogfight, said, we held a press conference and warned pakistan that if anything happened to our pilot, you will keep telling the world what modi did to you.
;;-0.1531;;a senior american official said on the second day that modi has kept 12 missiles ready and might attack.
;;-0.9493;;the ec gave clean chit to pm modi in six instances  for his speeches in wardha, where he referred to wayanad (from where gandhi is contesting along with amethi in uttar pradesh) as a place where the minority is majority, in latur where he asked young people to dedicate their vote to balakot ( a reference to the air strikes on terror bases in pakistan), in barmer where he said that india was not preserving its nuclear arsenal for use on diwali, in varanasi where he said 42 terrorists had been killed to avenge the death of 40 troopers in pulwama and in nanded, where he dubbed the congress a sinking titanic.
;;0.7269;;relations between india and the united kingdom are poised for a reset if boris johnson, who takes over as the prime minister on wednesday, delivers on his promise to build on his personal relationship with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8271;;as foreign secretary i visited india and have a personal relationship with prime minister modi and members of his administrationi will work closely with our friends in the indian government, business and society to deliver a truly special uk-india relationship, he wrote.
;;-0.2023;;in a clear message amidst the chill in bilateral ties, prime minister modi on tuesday asked pakistan to walk away from terror if it wants to have dialogue with india.
;;-0.9274;;read | raisina dialogue: pm modi slams pakistan, reaches out to chinain an obvious reference to pakistan, the prime minister also asserted that indias belief in delinking terrorism from religion, and rejecting artificial distinctions between good and bad terrorism, are now a global talking point.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi released a new series of visually-impaired friendly circulation coins on march 7.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was the lynchpin of the saffron partys campaign in uttarakhand that went to polls on february 15.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi also held one-on-one talks with french president emmanuel macron at chateau de chantilly during which the two leaders reviewed the entire gamut of the dynamic and multi-faceted bilateral relationship.
;;0.4215;;from france, modi will travel to the united arab emirates on friday where he would receive the order of zayed, the highest civilian decoration conferred by the uae government.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi , for the second time in as many weeks, has pulled up ministers and members of parliament of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) for skipping house proceedings.
;;0.4019;;the second, as mr modi is seeking to do, is instituting firmer party discipline.
;;0.7269;;prime minister modi , in one of his first political initiatives after winning a spectacular mandate, convened an all party meeting on wednesday to deliberate on a pet theme: one nation; one poll.
;;0.2732;;this comes after pakistan media, citing diplomatic sources, reported that prime minister modi and external affairs minister s jaishankar had, in reply to congratulatory messages, expressed willingness to hold talks with the neighbouring country.
;;0.4019;;focus on cow protection, especially by vigilante groups, has risen since the bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led government under prime minister modi took power at the centre 3 years ago.
;;0.0;;guwahati/new delhi: addressing an election rally in silchar in southern assam, prime minister modi on thursday said the mood in the country can be guessed by the crowds in his rallies.
;;0.0;;earlier modi on thursday urged voters to turn out in record numbers as polling for the 91 seats in first phase of parliamentary elections began across 18 states and two union territories.
;;0.0;;modi specially urged the young and first-time voters to vote.
;;0.0;;at a rally in ghaziabad on february 8, prime minister modi said: goons have been sheltered that is why women feel unsafe in the state.
;;0.0;;chinese state-run media highlighted xis meetings with kazakh counterpart nursultan nazarbayev, prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;-0.1027;;addressing workers, aap state convener gurpreet singh waraich said prime minister modi is directly responsible for the problems being faced by common man due to demonetisation.
;;0.0276;;questioning modi over his statement that demonetisation would give sleepless nights to black money hoarders and the common man will lead a peaceful life, waraich said the move had completely derailed the life of the aam aadmi.
;;0.3612;;pm modi promised two crore jobs a year to youths.
;;0.6808;;will uddhav thackeray and prime minister modi modis meeting improve the relationship between the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and the shiv sena?
;;0.0;;thackeray will meet modi at the national democratic alliance (nda) meeting convened ahead of the presidential elections slated for july this year.
;;0.0772;;read: the battle of wallets: bhim app vs paytm, mobikwik, freechargein a bid to further push adoption of e-payments in the country, prime minister modi on december 30 launched the bhim app that will enable fast and secure cashless transactions using mobile phones.
;;0.5106;;i am a strong believer in what prime minister modi is doing.
;;0.0;;before modi modis rise in delhi during the run up to the lok sabha election, the bjp used to deploy several such star figures for election campaign.
;;0.9231;;congress vice president rahul gandhi accused prime minister modi on monday of masquerading as a pro-poor messiah but devoting extra time for at least 50 rich and influential industrialists.
;;0.0;;the suit has pinstripes with modi modi woven into it in gold letters.
;;-0.2023;;gandhi charged modi with demolishing established institutions and infringing upon their autonomy such as the reserve bank of india.
;;-0.7269;;at a poll rally in dehradun in december, prime minister modi accused the previous congress-led upa government of ignoring the former soldiers demand for uniform retirement benefits, saying jawans who sacrifice their lives were being cheated.
;;0.7506;;on monday, the congress vice president alleged modi was unwilling to implement orop that would benefit the brave soldiers of uttarakhand and the country.
;;0.4588;;while chandrababu said he would support prime minister modi modis call on the presidential nominee, pawar offered no assurance and said he would be in the national capital in a few days for further talks on the matter.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi triggered a flurry of reactions after reports emerged that his photograph had replaced an iconic shot of mahatma gandhi with his spinning wheel, on the new khadi udyog merchandise.
;;0.25;;(modi) is khadis biggest brand ambassador, and his vision matches kvics, of make in india by making villages self-sufficient, skill development by generating employment among the rural masses, infuse modern technology for khadi weaving, innovations and marketing.
;;0.0;;(samir jana/ht photo)incidentally, chief minister mamata banerjee was in a one-on-one meeting with prime minister modi in delhi when the bjp-police showdown went live on television.
;;-0.25;;bjp organised an agitation in kolkata while mamata banerjee met modi in delhi.
;;0.0;;despite admitting that rawat and two others before him  four-time gujarat chief minister modi (now the prime minister) and haryana chief minister manoharlal khattar  were full-time rss workers, the sangh leadership claimed all the three were picked on the basis of their bjp credentials.
;;-0.296;;china defends flights by choppers in chamoli area, welcomes modis remarkschina on monday defended its military helicopters hovering over chamoli district of uttarkhand, saying it has a territorial dispute in the eastern section of the frontier with india even as welcomed prime minister modi modis remarks that not a single bullet has been fired in four decades despite the border row.
;;0.0258;;addressing a press conference on key initiatives of her ministry in three years of the modi government, swaraj also described the proposed changes in h1b visas as a matter of concern.
;;-0.296;;prime minister modi has finally held out some hope for the strife-torn valley, which has been through one of its worst phases in recent years.
;;0.34;;mr modi chose independence day to reach out to the kashmiris, saying a solution could be found by embracing them and not through gaali or goli.
;;0.3182;;chief minister mehbooba mufti has for long been asking mr modi to be a vajpayee-like statesman and the prime ministers comments must be followed up with concrete action for them to have any meaningful effect.
;;-0.6249;;mr modi has changed his stance on the current kashmir crisis once too often.
;;0.4767;;when he first spoke, at a rally in madhya pradesh last year, he had borrowed from mr vajpayees kashmir policy of insaniyat but within a few days of that, however, mr modi uttered the balochistan word, leaving kashmiris wondering why they were being treated as pawns in a game that india wanted to play with pakistan.
;;-0.5106;;it is of utmost importance that the modi government takes his independence day speech forward, for what kashmir needs  sooner rather than later  is azadi from repression and fear.
;;0.4497;;few expect mr modi to replicate mr vajpayees model but a beginning can be made by setting up a panel of parliamentarians  a promise the modi-led government had made last year, after home minister rajnath singh led an all-party delegation to srinagar.
;;-0.128;;the election commission has taken cognizance of prime minister modi modis remarks asking first-time voters to dedicate their vote to those who carried out the air strike in balakot, and has sought a report from poll officials in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi even visited the maldives for mr solihs inauguration in november 2018.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi inaugurated on friday indias longest span, the 9.
;;0.0516;;disagreement over the procedure followed for deciding mcc cases erupted in the poll panel following lavasas objection to the process followed to give clean chits to prime minister modi , bjp chief amit shah and congress president rahul gandhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi campaigned across the state with gusto, holding back-to-back roadshows and addressing scores of rallies to push the bjp back to power after more than a decade.
;;0.7351;;ups enormous political importance is a result of its massive size and history  the state has given india nine prime ministers, including modi who won from varanasi.
;;0.6369;;pm modi responded by eulogising the donkey and saying he works like one for the nationmafia family walks barefoot to meet mayafamily members of gangster-turned-politician mukhtar ansari stood barefoot beside mayawati when they joined the bahujan samaj party on january 26.
;;0.5423;;last week, newly appointed nagaland governor rn ravi, who was earlier the governments interlocutor for the naga peace talks, said that prime minister modi had given three months to find a resolution to the long-pending issue.
;;0.0258;;shah, in turn, pinned the blame on trinamool congress student wing members while prime minister modi promised to install a statue of the 19thcentury bengal renaissance icon on the college campus.
;;0.1901;;in his first appearance at a press conference since he came to power in 2014, prime minister modi asserted in opening remarks that the bjp will come back to power with a full majority on its own, but refused to take any questions, citing party discipline.
;;0.7096;;in a surprise move, modi showed up on the dais at the bjp headquarters here for a scheduled press conference by party president amit shah, who gave a detailed report card on the performance of the nda government as well as bjps extensive electioneering.
;;0.0;;after his opening remarks, modi diverted questions by journalists, saying he will not answer because the press conference is being addressed by shah, and in bjps system, discipline has to be followed.
;;0.0;;as soon as possible, the new government will take charge and we will take decisions one after another, modi added.
;;0.0;;narendra modi will be the pm, said shah.
;;-0.4404;;there have been criticism against modi including by congress president rahul gandhi for not addressing any press conference since he became pm.
;;0.0;;it is not necessary that the pm responds to every question, said shah, when a journalist asked him a question on the allegations against modi and his silence on the rafale deal.
;;-0.3818;;on november 8 last year, prime minister modi weeded out 86  of the currency in circulation, triggering a major cash crunch across the country.
;;0.0;;the governments decisions pushed development in the country and indias image globally was transformed under the leadership of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.3612;;farmers in maharashtra, another bjp-ruled state, are also agitating over similar demands, mounting pressure on prime minister modi , who has promised to double their income by 2022.
;;0.2263;;it has been only 10 days since prime minister modi surprised politicians and bureaucrats by appointing the career diplomat as external affairs minister, and jaishankar is understood to have told foreign secretary vijay gokhale and four other secretaries to concentrate on their work at headquarters, without accompanying him on official trips abroad.
;;0.5994;;as the minister, jaishankar is expected to make an extra effort towards the neighbours, particularly nepal, and also ensure the meaning of the huge electoral mandate for modi is understood in south asia.
;;0.4576;;he hired a really smart social media team that always seemed to have the last word in repartees with prime minister modi modis own team.
;;-0.3818;;and for everyone looking for someone who could take the fight to mr modi (and many were), mr siddaramiah became the man.
;;0.5859;;its win in karnataka was largely on account of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7579;;and while its chief ministerial candidate bs yeddyurappa won his own seat comfortably, he was not at the forefront of the partys campaign; mr modi was.
;;-0.25;;indeed, the bjp seemed to be fighting two campaigns in karnataka, one with mr modi as the star campaigner and party president amit shah as the backroom brain; and another with mr yedyyurappa and the reddys of bellary, both tainted by corruption scandals dating back to when the bjp was last in power in the state, but still very politically relevant.
;;-0.0516;;mr modi carried the day for the bjp, which, while it adds to the mans own myth, should also worry the party at one level.
;;0.0772;;while hailing the valour of punjabis and their ability to remain happy in all circumstances, she launched a vitriolic attack on prime minister modi by asking the audience whether they wanted a prime minister who was using martyrs for political purposes or some one who was son of a martyr.
;;-0.8979;;while taking on modi for brazenly lying and cheating to further his political interests, the congress leader also criticised the sad on the issues of sacrilege and mafia rule during their regime.
;;-0.0258;;leading a road show atop a truck in support of sunil jakhar, partys candidate for gurdaspur lok sabha seat, priyanka said modi was the biggest abhineta (actor) who had spent the last five years portraying and spreading lies and falsehoods.
;;0.4404;;stating that modi had not even spared martyrs or ex-servicemen, she said, the prime minister was for politicising the sacrifices and services of ex-soldiers by claiming one rank, one pension (orop) scheme was a gift to them.
;;0.0;;ghulam nabi azad (congress), farooq abdullah (national conference), ram gopal yadav (samajwadi party) and derek obrien (trinamool congress or tmc) were among the opposition leaders, who attended the meeting that prime minister modi chaired.
;;-0.3182;;my condolences to the families of those who lost their lives, prime minister modi tweeted earlier in the day.
;;0.0;;trump and prime minister modi are expected to meet sometime later this year.
;;-0.2732;;prime minister modi gave the message of a united india by abrogating article 370 within a year of vajpayees death, he added.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister modi pushed forward the programmes launched by the vajpayee government, including housing and toilets for the poor, adityanath said.
;;0.4019;;bjp state unit president swatantra dev singh said prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah were working to realise vajpayees dreams for the nation.
;;0.4019;;in a statement, party general secretary s sudhakar reddy alleged the move marked the beginning of prime minister modi and rss chief mohan bhagwats attempts to convert the country into a hindu rashtra.
;;0.0772;;a rashtrapati bhawan communique said that the resignation of parrikar as the defence minister, on advice of prime minister modi , has been accepted with immediate effect.
;;0.6705;;bjp state president ashok parnami said the people have voted for the party and have expressed faith in the leadership of prime minister modi and chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.0;;this could be a first of sorts  an informal meeting between prime minister modi and the chinese president xi jinping in wuhan on april 27-28  six weeks before the two leaders will meet yet again, formally, in a multilateral setting of the shanghai cooperation organisation summit meeting in qingdao.
;;0.6144;;this unraveling of ties also sat uneasily with the framework that modi had outlined  and had been so welcomed  in his very first year in office: neighbourhood first and strong economic partnerships, which would further his domestic development and modernisation agenda.
;;0.0129;;on thursday, the us said indias decision on article 370 was an internal matter but has regional implications and president donald trump expected to hear from prime minister modi on the issue when they meet on the margins of the upcoming g-7 meetings.
;;-0.743;;asserting that he will not rest till those who looted the country paid back, prime minister modi on sunday asked the voters in uttarakhand to give exemplary punishment in the polls to people who ruined their future.
;;0.679;;you do politics and attack modi as much as you can, but dont ever raised doubts about our military and the soldiers bravery, he said.
;;-0.5719;;he also hit out at prime minister modi for spearheading a negative campaign for the bjp in the run up to the polls.
;;0.4404;;they indulged in negative election campaign against me and my party because they had no agenda for the states development, rawat said while daring the prime minister to initiate an inquiry by a supreme court judge or by the cbi into the allegations of graft modi made against him.
;;0.0;;he alleged that the bjp-led centre had stashed wads of new currency notes to run its election campaign before modi demonetised 1000 and 500 bank notes.
;;-0.3612;;as the controversy over the picture of prime minister modi on the calendar of khadi and village industries commission (kvic) continues, the shri gandhi ashram in sewapuri here struggles for survival.
;;-0.7184;;defence minister rajnath singh will lay the wreath to the fallen in drass on july 20, and will be with prime minister modi at the national war memorial on anniversary of the day india declared victory at kargil.
;;0.6124;;nawaz sharif was the victim again when pakistan army chief general raheel sharif scuttled a bold peace initiative when prime minister modi landed at lahore airport on december 25, 2015 while returning to delhi from kabul.
;;-0.6705;;the note recovered from the vehicle used by the terrorists clearly indicated that the attack was planned on the same day modi had landed in lahore.
;;0.4703;;with pm modi working on bringing in more investment and opportunity to jammu and kashmir, the pakistan army is likely to exacerbate the situation on the loc in the near future.
;;-0.836;;two decades later, pm modi has changed the paradigm with the balakot air strike, as future indian battles may now be fought on enemy territory.
;;-0.5423;;the empowerment of raw under pm modi has ensured positive results in the form of the surgical strikes following the uri attack, and the balakot air strikes.
;;0.5812;;india under modi has not forgotten its old friends while embracing new ones.
;;0.5256;;india can play a very important role in resolving the dispute between palestine and israel, palestinian president mahmoud abbas said on monday, on the eve of his talks with prime minister modi here.
;;0.7506;;he said he will ask modi on tuesday to use indias good offices in bringing in peace between israel and palestine.
;;0.0;;the palestinian president said during his meeting with modi and mukherjee, he will also apprise them of the ongoing political developments in palestine and the middle east.
;;0.5859;;the finance ministry is compiling inputs from different ministries, with the ultimate aim of accelerating growth and creating jobs, and these will be discussed by the high-level committees headed by prime minister modi , the officials who work for two different economic ministries said on condition of anonymity.
;;0.4019;;modi spoke about exports, a ~100 lakh crore investment in infrastructure, and a special focus on the rural economy, and micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes), and all of these will be reflected in the countrys economic policies, the officials said.
;;0.0;;while the sena corporators were hailing thackeray, bjp members responded with slogans hailing prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4939;;speaking at a party conference in srinagar, the national conference chief said, did pm modi ever pay homage to the numerous jawans who were killed in action?
;;0.0;;on february 15, a day after the suicide bombing, leaders from various political parties including prime minister modi had paid homage to the deceased jawans at the indira gandhi airport where their bodies were kept in state before being sent to their respective homes.
;;-0.5574;;targeting the pm, he said, that missile that pm modi fired, that was built by former pm manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;the opposition, which wanted to give a tough fight to the modi government for next months presidential elections, is now facing a key challenge of keeping a united front.
;;0.5719;;for, banerjee maintains an excellent equation with swaraj even as she is opposed to prime minister modi.
;;0.296;;west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress supremo mamata banerjee thursday denied having said that she will slap prime minister modi and asserted she had said he would get the tight slap of democracy.
;;0.1531;;banerjee had during a campaign rally at raghunathpur in the district on tuesday said that modi should get a tight slap of democracy.
;;0.6249;;bharatiya janata party president amit shah said on saturday that the uttar pradesh verdict was a validation of the trust and connect that prime minister modi had developed with the poorer sections of society.
;;-0.5267;;the victories will also likely silence many party members who resent his closeness to modi and blamed him for the loss in bihar assembly polls in 2015.
;;0.5994;;prime minister modi will inaugurate the eighth edition of the vibrant gujarat global summit, a biennial business meet he had launched as the chief minister of the state in 2003, at gandhinagar on tuesday afternoon.
;;0.0;;30 pm, modi will host a lunch for several foreign delegates  including russian deputy prime minister dmitry olegovich rogozin, kenyan president uhuru kenyatta and portuguese prime minister antnio costa.
;;0.0;;later, modi will chair a roundtable conference of around 60 nationals and international ceos on transforming india.
;;0.3612;;modi had conceptualised and built mahatma mandir  a convention centre aimed at promoting gandhian philosophy  when he was still the gujarat chief minister.
;;0.7506;;interestingly, one of the religious leaders quaderi seeks inspiration from is bengals fatwa imam noor-ur-rehman barkati, who has issued fatwa against a number of personalities including prime minister modi and exiled bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen.
;;0.0;;these include prime minister modi , congress vice-president rahul gandhi, delhi cm arvind kejriwal and bsp chief mayawati.
;;-0.1027;;while some are helping aap to capture red fort, others are standing with pm modi in his fight to end congress rule in all states.
;;-0.0516;;from modi run, an action game where pm modi runs through all states and wins the elections, to many others modi cricket t20, election fever, war of the elections, political arkanoid, modi yuddh 2017 and modi rahul kejriwal, the gamers are opting for a wide range of mobile phone games of varied themes based on indian politics.
;;0.5106;;indiaupdated: aug 20, 2019 10:11 istus president donald trump has said he spoke with two good friends prime minister modi and pakistans imran khan and urged them to work towards reducing tensions in kashmir hours after his phone calls to the two leaders.
;;0.7089;;spoke to my two good friends, prime minister modi of india, and prime minister khan of pakistan, regarding trade, strategic partnerships and, most importantly, for india and pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in kashmir.
;;-0.7876;;watch: pakistan plans to keep kashmir boiling till imran khans unga speechtrumps call with pakistans prime minister imran khan - the second in less than a week - came soon after a 30-minute conversation with modi on monday, during which the indian leader said that extreme rhetoric and incitement to anti-india violence wasnt conducive to peace.
;;0.5106;;a white house statement said trump in his conversation with modi had conveyed the importance of reducing tensions between india and pakistan and maintaining peace in the region.
;;0.0;;trumps phone conversation with modi was the first contact between the two leaders since the us president triggered a storm by offering, during a july 22 meeting with khan, to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;kashmir observed a shutdown on sunday against prime minister modi modis visit to inaugurate indias longest road tunnel---the nashri-chenani tunnel on the jammu-srinagar highway.
;;0.0;;the congratulatory call from pompeo comes nearly three weeks after jaishankar was appointed by prime minister modi as his external affairs minister.
;;0.765;;prime minister modi during his recent visit to the maldives underscored indias firm commitment to make the strategic indo-pacific an area for shared economic growth, saying it has been our lifeline, and also the highway for trade and prosperity.
;;-0.6705;;prime minister modi on tuesday paid his tributes to former prime minister rajiv gandhi, who was assassinated 28 years ago by an ltte suicide bomber in tamil nadu.
;;-0.5994;;tributes to former pm shri rajiv gandhi on his death anniversary, pm modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;his daughter priyanka gandhi vadra had said the people of amethi will give a befitting reply to modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on saturday hit out at the congress-led opposition at all the three election rallies that he addressed during the day in the northeast, one in arunachal pradesh and two in assam.
;;0.0;;pm modi countered chowkidar chor hai (watchman is a thief) campaign of the congress.
;;0.5719;;the congress has run such governments that gave a great country like india an identity of a weak nation, said modi at a public rally in assams moran.
;;-0.9612;;hindustan is happy but congress, terrorists are notpm modi also referred to surgical strike by the india in 2016 after uri terror attack and recent balakot operation by the indian air force in the aftermath of pulwama suicide bombing in his speech to target the congress party.
;;-0.8689;;those on bail abuse chowkidarat his public rally in arunachal pradeshs aalo, pm modi renewed his attack on the congress leadership making indirect reference to cases against congress leaders including party president rahul gandhi and upa chairperson sonia gandhi, modi said they abuse chowkidar despite being out on bail.
;;-0.7783;;they are on bail themselves but abuse chowkidar, said modi at itbp ground, aalo in west siang district of arunachal pradesh.
;;0.0;;experts for decades kept saying that arunachal needs modern infrastructure but the naamdar parivar (a phrase often used by pm modi to refer to nehru-gandhi family) and their courtiers here were busy building their own sultanate.
;;0.128;;pm modi slammed the opposition leaders for criticising his government over the recent balakot strike and announcement of the success of mission shakti, under which india shot down a defunct satellite using anti-satellite missile (a-sat).
;;0.4019;;the bharatiya janata party planned three rallies of pm modi in the northeast for the day, one in arunachal pradesh and two in assam.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi on wednesday replied in the rajya sabha to the discussion on the motion of thanks to president ram nath kovind for his address to the joint sitting of parliament.
;;0.0;;here are the 10 quotes of prime minister modi:1.
;;-0.3612;;last month, prime minister modi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings, post demonetisation.
;;0.0;;on sunday, pm modi will address a poll rally in rohtak on the culmination of khattars 22-day-long jan ashirwad yatra in rohtak.
;;0.875;;prime minister modi and his government are now bartering away the symbol of freedom movement such as red fort to his corporate friends for maintenance, randeep singh surjewala, chief spokesperson of the congress party, said on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on friday urged the students of visva-bharati to turn 100 villages around santiniketan in birbhum district of west bengal self-sufficient to mark the central universitys centenary in 2021.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee was present on the dais along with prime minister of bangladesh sheikh hasina when modi was speaking.
;;0.34;;however, in a major security breach, a man broke the safety cordon for modi to give him a portrait of rabindranath tagore at the venue.
;;0.0;;when modi was leaving the dias after declaring the convocation closed, the man suddenly went up the platform to give him the portrait.
;;0.4588;;modi and hasina also inaugurated bangladesh bhavan, a centre dedicated to the cultural cooperation between the india and bangladesh, in the university campus.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi will kick off his nepal visit from janakpur, an important religious centre in the terai plains where lord ram was supposed to have wed sita according to the ramayana.
;;0.0;;he visited india and to deepen ties, modi decided to visit nepal for the third time in his tenure.
;;0.5423;;on the one hand are critics who believe that modi is using religion for diplomacy, which does not behove a secular state like india.
;;0.7003;;modi visited pashupatinath in kathmandu; the toji temple in japan; the gangaramaya temple in sri lanka; and the sheikh zayed grand mosque in united arab emirates among other sites.
;;-0.25;;us president donald trumps communications with prime minister modi and pakistani prime minister imran khan were about lowering the temperature between the two countries.
;;-0.6486;;mr modi is within his rights to argue dialogue must be conditional on pakistans genuinely ending support for cross-border terrorism.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi on monday appreciated the efforts of gujarati folk singer geeta rabari soon after they met at the parliament.
;;-0.6597;;prime minister modi on friday used indias new membership of the sco to pitch for coordinated efforts to combat terrorism and enhance connectivity without impinging on sovereignty and territorial integrity, indirectly flagging key concerns with pakistan and china.
;;-0.2023;;in his address at the annual summit of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) in the kazakhstan capital of astana, where pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and chinese president xi jinping were part of the audience, modi hoped indias entry into the grouping will give new momentum to dealing with terror.
;;-0.296;;modi did not name any country but it was clear he was referring to indias concerns about pakistan-backed terror groups and the china-pakistan economic corridor that passes through pakistan-occupied kashmir.
;;0.0;;modi also spoke about enhancing connectivity in the region, saying it was the key to more trade and investment.
;;0.1027;;prime minister sharif, who spoke after modi , said pakistan is diligently implementing the china-pakistan economic corridor which the flagship of bri.
;;0.4939;;hitting out at the opposition, finance minister arun jaitley sunday said prime minister modi has never done caste politics and is inspired by nationalism.
;;-0.1779;;he is inspired by nationalism, jaitley said joining the war of words on twitter over modi coming from the most backward caste.
;;-0.802;;criticising modi over his stance on caste and his origins as a chaiwala, chidambaram asked if the pm considers people a bunch of idiots who have suffered memory loss.
;;0.0;;mr modi is the first person who became pm later who campaigned wearing his caste on his sleeve (2014): i am an obc.
;;-0.0083;;prime minister modi and punjab chief minister amarinder singh have not fulfilled even a single poll promise they made to the people.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi inaugurated the first phase of the delhi-meerut expressway before holding a roadshow in an open jeep in the capital on sunday.
;;0.0;;modi travelled 6km in an open jeep on the delhi-meerut expressway, built at a cost of rs 841 crore.
;;-0.3252;;to go against modi , they (congress) will even go against the country: modi1:45pm: they dont have faith in democracy or the constitutional institutions.
;;0.3818;;1:40pm:i want to assure all the sugarcane farmers here that the government is sensitive towards their issues & is working to resolve all the problems: pm modi at the inauguration of #easternperipheralexpressway in baghpat.
;;0.4019;;we provided 4 crore gas connections under the ujjwala scheme to make womens lives easier: modi1:20pm: on the issue of crime in up, modi praises yogi adityanath for encounters in the state.
;;0.6369;;two new expressways have been inaugurated: modithe 9km stretch has been completed in 18 months only, using the best technology, modi on delhi-meerut expressway.
;;0.7964;;your presence in this summer heat is proof that our government has been successful in 4 years, modi tells a cheering crowd.
;;0.0;;12:55pm: pm modi inaugurates the eastern peripheral expressway in bhagpat.
;;0.3612;;on the occasion of the inauguration of eastern peripheral expressway, i thank prime minister modi on behalf of the people of uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;12:20pm: pm modi will shortly address a rally in uttar pradeshs bhagpat.
;;0.3612;;(picture courtesy: bjp live/twitter)10:20am: prime minister modi inaugurates the first phase of delhi-meerut expressway.
;;0.2732;;the bjp president, widely credited, along with prime minister modi , the partys star campaigner, for the success the bjp has seen over the past four years also warned the audience against arrogance, complacence, and lack of attention to the party organisation.
;;0.6705;;china's vice foreign minister kong xuanyou will arrive in new delhi next month for a round of meetings with top indian officials to advance bilateral ties, reflecting the desire of both sides to build on the momentum created by the informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping, people familiar with the development said.
;;0.7845;;the visit by kong, beijing's point man for asian and north korean affairs, will be part of a series of high level visits from both sides aimed at implementing the decision by modi and xi at their summit in wuhan to strengthen strategic communication through greater consultation on matters of common interest, the people said on condition of anonymity.
;;0.7845;;this, officials said, will be in line with the decision by modi and xi to strengthen the closer development partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner and to enhance strategic communication to boost mutual understanding and contribute to regional and global stability.
;;0.0;;sakshi singh was right there when prime minister modi arrived at the main gate of the banaras hindu university (bhu) on 25 april to kick off his 7-km road show and election campaign for the varanasi lok sabha seat.
;;-0.4404;;at times we have protested against modi government also, about the cbse paper leak or the clat entrance, he said.
;;0.6124;;mostly, though, the abvp in bhu promotes and benefits from the national rise of the bjp and modi modi.
;;0.4404;;thanks to modi ji, abvps orbit also expanded.
;;0.0;;and when she casts her first vote in varanasi on 19 may, it will be for modi modi.
;;-0.8422;;we dont expect the prime minister modi to respond to every heinous crime in the country but he must respond to the situation when those in power use the law enforcing agencies to shield themselves after committing crimes and harass the victims at will.
;;0.8126;;indiaupdated: aug 26, 2019 18:24 istshashi tharoors recent statements praising prime minister modi has drawn taunts and barbs from congress leaders from kerala with a former chief of the partys state unit suggesting that he join the bjp while another mp has written party president sonia gandhi seeking action against him.
;;0.0516;;tharoor went on to say that there was no harm in supporting good work and one should understand why people were backing modi.
;;0.1531;;but tharoor had clarified that it doesnt mean he was supporting modi and had even claimed that two cases were pending against him for criticizing the pm.
;;0.5423;;some people are praising modi for making toilets.
;;0.8885;;indiaupdated: sep 20, 2019 23:50 istprime minister modi on friday departed for a week-long visit to the united states with an aim to boost bilateral ties and present india as a vibrant land of opportunities.
;;0.2732;;this would be a maiden appearance of us president in an indian community event with me, and marks a new milestone in our outreach to them, modi underlined.
;;0.4215;;modi will also be addressing the united nations general assembly in new york and meet other world leaders on the margins of the event.
;;0.2023;;modi underlined that the new york leg of his visit will cover important elements of bilateral ties between india and the us.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was noticeably even-handed in his january 17 address at the raisina dialogue.
;;0.2023;;modi was arguably more effusive about russia calling it an abiding friend and said president putin and i have held long conversations on the challenges that confront the world today.
;;-0.0252;;modi takes personal diplomacy seriously  and therefore that inflection on russia may not be without significance.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister modi on friday launched a scathing attack against the left democratic front and the united democratic front at a rally in kozhikode in kerala and said that both the ldf and udf had failed the people of kerala.
;;0.0;;urging the people of the southern state to vote for the bjp as an alternative pm modi said, we believe in sab ka saath sab ka vikas.
;;-0.25;;the opposition parties in the the lok sabha teamed up on thursday to take on prime minister modi and the government over hate crimes against indians in the us reported over the last few days.
;;-0.25;;the congress which led the charge attacked modi with mallikarjun kharge charging him tweeting on everything but being silent on this.
;;0.5106;;the bjp notice for his action last month came soon after prime minister modi signalled his strong disapproval of the first-time legislators conduct.
;;-0.296;;after getting no respite on the fee hike issue, gurgaon parents have now tried to draw the attention of prime minister modi through his monthly radio address mann ki baat.
;;-0.1027;;she challenged prime minister modi for a national level debate on the performance of the nda government in the last five years.
;;0.0;;let modi answer our queries without looking into papers or teleprompters, she said.
;;-0.0572;;we dont want modi.
;;-0.6597;;calling the modi government as the most corrupt government since independence, kejriwal said that demonetisation was the biggest scam played upon the poor of the nation.
;;-0.8031;;tdp cheif naidu said that modi had betrayed the people of the state by not granting special category status.
;;-0.7964;;additionally, the bjp on tuesday complained to the poll watchdog that gandhi had indulged in repeated and persistent violations of the model code of conduct (mcc) by making intentional, repetitive, baseless, malicious and defamatory allegations against prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;(pti)recalling how on november 8, 2016, prime minister modi told the countrys 1.
;;0.0;;what jaitley does not telling you is that modi did not tell him about demonetisation, gandhi said.
;;0.4588;;communism party of india-marxist general secretary sitaram yechury said the challenges posed by the modi government have to be met by coming together.
;;0.4404;;criticising the modi government, stalin said the ruling party is trying to saffronise the whole nation and the major challenge before the people is to protect democracy.
;;0.5994;;indiaupdated: aug 25, 2019 18:46 isthow did bear grylls converse with prime minister modi in the special episode of man vs wild when the famed adventurer and survivalist does not understand hindi?
;;0.0;;modi gave out the secret on sunday in his monthly radio broadcast mann ki baat.
;;0.3818;;walking through the wild and taking a ride on a cold river in a makeshift boat were some of the things that modi put up with as he teamed up with grylls to promote causes close to his heart -- conservation of nature and cleanliness.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis much-anticipated visit to israel could take place in mid-2017 in what would be the first such tour by an indian premier to the jewish state, as the two countries mark 25 years of their diplomatic ties.
;;0.6486;;negative campaigning by the opposition parties notwithstanding, demonetisation has paid rich dividends to prime minister modi and the bjp, as the party is set for landslide victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
;;-0.8481;;the modi government claimed that the action would curtail the shadow economy and crackdown on the use of illicit and counterfeit cash to fund illegal activity and terrorism.
;;0.0;;modi also got applauses for demonetization from several world leaders.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is expected to launch the scheme on august 15 or october 2 this year.
;;0.0;;today, the entire country is listening to (prime minister narendra) modi.
;;0.5719;;zero tolerance for terroryogi, who also addressed rallies in agra and etah districts on the day, applauded prime minister modi for serving the nation tirelessly and implementing welfare schemes without any discrimination among citizens.
;;0.6124;;claiming that the bjp was getting huge support for the achievements made under the leadership of modi , the cm said, work that could not be done in 65 years was done by pm modi in five years.
;;0.4588;;indiaupdated: aug 29, 2019 12:50 istprime minister modi launched fit india movement at the indira gandhi indoor stadium in new delhi on national sports day on thursday.
;;0.2732;;pm modi urged people to make fitness a part of their daily routine and raise awareness about it.
;;0.0772;;#humfittohindiafit, modi had tweeted in june in response to virat kohlis challenge.
;;0.0;;a song by him starts off by hailing prime minister modi for revoking article 370 and then goes on to mention a man who wants to purchase a small chunk of land in kashmir and set up a juice parlour there.
;;-0.8402;;declaring that blood and water cannot flow together, prime minister modi had held a meeting in september to review the treaty in the backdrop of the terror strikes, including the uri attack.
;;0.0;;according to an official from the mantralaya, chief minister devendra fadnavis spoke to prime minister modi on friday morning and requested him for financial assistance.
;;-0.8481;;tensions increased over the water dispute when indian prime minister modi last month threatened to block the flow of water into pakistan.
;;0.0772;;a recent letter from the home department addressed to the top brass of state police has said that prime minister modi , governor droupadi murmu and other political dignitaries visiting the state ahead of elections could face risk from maoists.
;;0.0;;in the run-up to the state elections in 2015, prime minister modi had announced rs 1.
;;0.4019;;at a recent national executive meeting of the bjp, prime minister modi advised party leaders not to seek tickets for their kin for the assembly polls to be held in five states.
;;0.0;;talking about prime minister modi and projects rolled out by the centre, rajnath singh said: during the tenure of former pm manmohan singh, only 25 lakh pradhan mantri houses were constructed between 2008- 2014.
;;0.0;;will you raise the issue in your meetings with prime minister modi and finance minister arun jaitley?
;;0.7096;;do you favour a grand alliance to take on modi and the bjp in the next general election?
;;-0.4019;;although they support prime minister modi for his muscular policy towards pakistan and the bjps overall hindutva pitch, they also complain that the goods and services tax (gst) had put an additional burden on small-scale enterprises.
;;0.5106;;in a fresh attack on the congress, prime minister modi on saturday said that the party and its allies are contesting the lok sabha elections to give free hand to the terrorists and separatists.
;;0.6597;;calling the armed forces (special powers) act a suraksha kavach (armour)) of the armed forces, pm modi slammed the congress for promising review of the law if the party is voted to power in the lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;modi added.
;;0.0;;this is not the first time pm modi has targeted gandhi for filing nomination from wayanad.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi on wednesday wished good health and a long life to congress president rahul gandhi on his birthday.
;;0.0;;the genesis of introducing sports in schools goes back to prime minister modi modis mann ki baat radio programme broadcast in march 2016 where he had called for building an atmosphere for promotion of football in the country in the run up to the fifa u-17 world cup.
;;0.7579;;vijayvargiya also took to twitter to praise prime minister modi and hit out at rahul gandhi using the titles of two upcoming bollywood films, saying our countrys kaabil is better than the raees of other country, apparently referring to the congress vice-presidents foreign roots.
;;-0.4588;;in another tweet, which was accompanied by a photograph of prime minister modi and rahul gandhi, with his torn kurta, he said,if someone is kaabil, a tea seller can also become a prime minister, otherwise a raees, who has been born with a silver spoon in his mouth, also wears a torn kurta.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister modi also tweeted his tributes to rajiv gandhi on his death anniversary, which is also observed as anti-terrorism day.
;;0.4019;;bihar chief minister nitish kumar met prime minister modi in new delhi on saturday, a day after he skipped a meeting of opposition parties convened by congress president sonia gandhi.
;;-0.4767;;he said it was unfair to compare the luncheon meeting organised by gandhi on friday with that hosted by modi.
;;0.0;;what is the link between the two (meeting with modi and sonias luncheon)?
;;0.5719;;the jd-u president was in the capital to attend a lunch hosted by modi in honour of visiting mauritius prime minister pravind jugnauth.
;;0.4019;;he handed over a letter to pm modi , demanding special grants for bihar.
;;0.0;;all the work done by (former pm atal bihari) vajpayee, whatever he has done, it seems that (prime minister narendra) modi wants to demolish all that.
;;-0.8126;;opening another front in her fight against prime minister modi on demonetisation, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on wednesday accused him of removing crucial files related to the notes ban.
;;0.0;;crucial files are being removed by modi and his office.
;;0.0;;it should stand up against the modi government and reveal the real reasons behind demonetisation.
;;0.0;;she alleged that only modi and two-three of his associates were aware of the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes.
;;0.5994;;read| trinamool mps met president, urge to intervene against modis super emergencybanerjee indirectly hit out at a section of industrialists and officials close to modi , describing them as part of modis team behind the demonetisation decision.
;;-0.5267;;they (modi government) have turned the cbi into the conspiracy bureau of india and are using it for pursuing vendetta politics.
;;0.5423;;importantly, it also encourages banks to increase their deposits at the rbi, setting up the rbi to start withdrawing some of the big cash pile accumulated in the banking system since prime minister modi in november banned circulation of big currency-notes.
;;-0.8248;;aap boss arvind kejriwal, on the other hand, appeared to be bickering so much  not just in punjab but at the national level with prime minister modi  that it came across as empty rhetoric, a hallmark of traditional politicians, or as amateurish foot-stomping, which does not inspire confidence.
;;-0.296;;it remains uncertain whether prime minister modi will be travelling to palestine when he goes to israel, possibly in june.
;;0.0;;read | pm modi has done more foreign trips in 2 years than vajpayee did in 5meanwhile, there is also a possibility of india hosting palestine president mahmoud abbas before modi visits israel.
;;-0.296;;indian officials have been insisting that there is no change in the countrys position on the palestine question; it was the modi government which hosted the first ever india-palestine joint commission, and new delhi believes in two-state solution to the conflict.
;;0.0;;though india remains wary of how the arab world will see its ties with israel, the modi government has been more open about its ties with the jewish state.
;;0.6705;;the karnataka results have also strengthened the perception that the congress on its own cannot take on prime minister modi and the bjp, and that it needs to go in for alliances with regional parties.
;;0.0;;the bjps spokesperson of its jharkhand unit dindayal barnwal attributed the partys performance in the state to the development agenda of the prime minister modi and raghubar das governments.
;;0.6486;;we thank voters for reposing faith in the development agenda of modi and raghubar das governments, he added.
;;0.0;;the jd-u president also met prime minister modi to discuss developmental issues of the state and said that he will come back again this month to have a detailed meeting.
;;0.0;;varanasi is the lok sabha constituency of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.1779;;the cm said the opposition was rightly accusing the bjp leaders of seeking votes only in the name of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.3612;;if we have a leader like pm modi , why should we not seek votes in his name?
;;0.6124;;prime minister modi , however, sought to raise the bar, urging party leaders to aim big and expand  ideologically, geographically and socially.
;;0.2732;;it is to serve these goals that mr modi gave a new gloss to the bjps obc outreach.
;;0.5499;;the two resolutions passed at the bjp conclave touched upon the pro-poor initiatives of the modi government, but stopped short of commenting on many issues like slow job creation.
;;0.0;;mr modi has always spoken of indias demographic dividend and its nearly 65  population that is below 35.
;;0.4522;;needless to say, brand modi counts the most on the support of this demographic section and its aspirations.
;;-0.8074;;anguished by the merciless killing of animals and birds in the wild during the festival last monday, murmu has written to the president pranab mukherjee and prime minister modi to take stringent action against those who uphold such a tradition and also penalise forest officials who failed to discharge their duties in saving wildlife.
;;-0.4767;;while the 2016 surgical strikes and 2019 balakot attacks were intended to show that the modi government did not view the status quo as acceptable, singhs statement also signals that india may consider a wider array of options in the future.
;;-0.1779;;it is a modus operandi of mr modi (prime minister modi modi) to harass political competitors through agencies like ed, i-t, cbi and eci.
;;0.0;;this has nothing to do with modi modi.
;;0.4019;;g20 summit live updates: prime minister modi met the presidents of indonesia and brazil separately on the sidelines of the g-20 summit in osaka, japan saturday, and discussed ways to boost bilateral ties and enhance cooperation in trade and investment.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/myfzfhutxh  modi (@narendramodi) june 29, 20198:41 am ist pm modi holds bilateral meeting with president of turkey in osaka japan: prime minister modi holds a bilateral meeting with president of turkey recep tayyip erdogan in osaka, on the sidelines of g20 summit.
;;0.0;;japan: prime minister modi holds a bilateral meeting with president of turkey recep tayyip erdogan in osaka, on the sidelines of #g20summit pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/wgbu9fzsgg  ani (@ani) june 29, 20197:39 am ist donald trump meets pm modi before start of session 3 at g20 summit us president donald trump meets prime minister modi before the start of session 3 at g20 summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;#watch us president donald trump meets prime minister modi before the start of session 3 at #g20summit in osaka, japan pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/aegoilgypu  ani (@ani) june 29, 20197:34 am ist pm modi and brazil president had a fruitful meeting in osaka pmo tweets: deepening the bond with brazil.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/5offlhr7ks  pmo india (@pmoindia) june 29, 20197:29 am ist pm modi with his sherpa at g20 summit prime minister modi with his sherpa at the g20 summit, suresh prabhu, eam s jaishankar, and nsa ajit doval in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi with his sherpa at the #g20summit, suresh prabhu, eam s jaishankar, and nsa ajit doval in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/kccg0nduun  ani (@ani) june 29, 20197:27 am ist pm modi with us president donald trump and white house adviser ivanka trump in osaka, japan prime minister modi with us president donald trump and white house adviser ivanka trump in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi with us president donald trump and white house adviser ivanka trump in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/e8hysdjugt  ani (@ani) june 29, 20197:26 am ist australia pm scott morrison tweets a picture of him and prime minister modi australia prime minister scott morrison tweets a picture of him and prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/jijb5iwxcb  ani (@ani) june 29, 20197:24 am ist pm modi holds bilateral meeting with brazilian president jair bolsonaro in osaka japan: prime minister modi holds a bilateral meeting with brazilian president jair bolsonaro in osaka, on the sidelines of g20 summit.
;;0.0;;japan: prime minister modi holds a bilateral meeting with brazilian president jair bolsonaro in osaka, on the sidelines of #g20summit pic.
;;0.3252;;in an election rally in gujarat , prime minister modi on thursday said sardar vallabhbhai patels statue in gujarat was not intended to disrespect former prime minister jawaharlal nehru.
;;0.0;;twenty-nine election meetings, three more than planned, by prime minister modi were part of this blitz.
;;0.0;;tell me how many of you can recall all the initiatives and schemes of the modi government, he asked after handing each of them pen and paper.
;;-0.5267;;there are few world leaders as aware of the danger posed by climate change as prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7425;;while he is not an instinctive multilateralist, modi should consider taking a more proactive role in rallying the rest of the world to save paris.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi on tuesday paid a courtesy call to german president frank-walter steinmeier at his official residence in berlin before leaving for spain on the second leg of his four-nation trip.
;;0.0;;modi met steinmeier at castle bellevue, the scenic official residence of the german president located in berlins tiergarten district on the banks of the river spree, and signed the visitors book before being given a tour of the castle.
;;0.4215;;merkel later hosted modi over a luncheon meeting with senior leaders followed by the inauguration of the indo-german business summit, where modi set out indias stall as an investment-friendly destination and the worlds fastest growing major economy and a bright spot in the economic landscape of the world.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister modi on tuesday continued his spate of attack on the congress alleging that the principal opposition party is speaking the language that pakistan speaks.
;;0.0;;the language of the congresss dhakosala patra (a term used by pm modi to describe election manifesto of the opposition party) is the same as pakistans.
;;0.0;;latur, where pm modi addressed a public rally on tuesday will vote on april 18 in the second phase of the national election.
;;0.0;;i have set a target to reduce import dependence by 10  by 2022, prime minister modi told the petrotech conference in new delhi last month.
;;0.6369;;it is a matter of happiness and pride that the prime minister modi modis dream of make in india has taken a shape on the soil of madhya pradesh in the form of establishment of countrys first small weapons manufacturing unit of the private sector, he said speaking at the inaugural programme.
;;0.0;;kejriwal also took to twitter and said that prime minister modi has nothing else to do except going after the aap.
;;0.7506;;in the last two weeks, the national democratic alliance (nda) government headed by prime minister modi has cleared bills to the tune of over rs 4,200 crore under three heads, thanks to improved relations with andhra pradesh chief minister y s jaganmohan reddy.
;;-0.3818;;recounting the achievements of the bjp government at the centre in the last five years, prime minister modi on wednesday launched another attack on the congress, its senior leaders and its policies.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister modi said the congress had made a leader accused in the 1984 riots the chief minister of a state after winning the assembly elections last year instead of ensuring that he was punished.
;;0.4019;;pm modi was speaking at an election rally in fatehabad under the sirsa lok sabha seat, where the party has nominated sunita duggal as its candidate.
;;-0.3662;;once again making a veiled reference to the recent surgical strikes carried out by the indian armed forces in balakot in pakistan, pm modi questioned, can any country become a strong global power without strengthening its defence infrastructure first?
;;0.0;;congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra hit out at prime minister modi at election rallies in up on thursday and held a road show in sultanpur, from where her aunt and union women development minister maneka gandhi is contesting.
;;-0.7233;;earlier in the day in pratapgarh, priyanka gandhi hit out at prime minister modi , describing him as the most cowardly and weak pm she had ever seen.
;;-0.5719;;she also said that modi promised to double farmers income, but failed.
;;0.0;;reacting to priyankas comments, bjps prayagraj unit president awadhesh gupta said that bravery of pm modi is being acknowledged by the whole country following the strong reply given following the pulwama terror attack.
;;0.0;;the source further said a large number of chief ministers are attending the meeting because prime minister modi had refused to allow their official representatives to participate in the deliberations.
;;0.1027;;the source said modi had made it clear that only the chief minister or the deputy chief minister will represent their states and no other official will be allowed to participate in the meeting.
;;0.4019;;china and india should work together to address sensitive issues and help each other in meeting developmental goals, chinese president xi jinping told indian prime minister modi on friday.
;;0.0;;china and india should step up cooperation and also assist each other on developmental goals, xi told modi.
;;0.5106;;the bjp leader said after decades, the decision could be made with strong conviction and willpower shown by prime minister modi , who gave real shradhanjali to atal ji on this day by this step.
;;0.0;;while the modi government is tight-lipped about the informal summit, the issue was taken up at the diplomatic level with newly appointed chinese ambassador to india sun weidong today making his customary calls to high offices.
;;0.2732;;pm modi is steadfast that the issue is an internal matter of india.
;;0.0;;the document was expected to the tabled in sundays meeting of the niti aayogs governing council chaired by prime minister modi and attended by nearly two dozen chief ministers.
;;0.0;;one should learn from prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4404;;in fact, modi has gone out of the way to improve relations between india and the us.
;;0.6369;;as rightly said by our honourable prime minister modi , sports and fitness is for all, he added.
;;0.6249;;earlier in the day, prime minister modi launched the fit india movement at the indira gandhi national stadium in new delhi and urged citizens to inculcate sports and fitness in their day-to-day lives.
;;0.0;;modi also paid tributes to hockey legend major dhyan chand.
;;-0.7906;;launching a sharp attack on prime minister modi , maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray in his annual gudi padwa speech on saturday said his tenure as pm had been disastrous.
;;-0.7469;;we tried modi , but he was disastrous.
;;-0.296;;raj accused modi of emulating the policies of adolf hitler to run down his opponents.
;;-0.4939;;modi has only wasted his massive mandate, said raj.
;;0.3818;;he said he would conduct 10 large rallies, called reminder rallies, where he will remind the people of the promises made by modi before 2014 and what he did while in power.
;;0.0;;most exit polls forecast another term for prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;mukherjee made the announcement after being advised by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;mishra and ali will also call on prime minister modi modi.
;;0.2263;;as soon as the government grants visa, he (ghulam ali) will seek an appointment with pm modi.
;;0.7096;;mishra and ali both wish that pm modi attends the opening ceremony of the festival to witness performances by classical musicians from across the globe, he said.
;;0.5994;;khan recalled the warm welcome the pm gave to the ghazal maestro when he called on modi in new delhi in 2015.
;;0.6249;;it will be great to receive prime minister modi and ghazal maestro ghulam ali together at the sankatmochan sangeet samaroh on the premises of the sankatmochan temple.
;;0.0;;varanasi, the seat of prime minister modi , will go to polls along with 12 other parliamentary seats on may 19, the last phase of the ongoing general elections.
;;0.25;;congress president rahul gandhi sounded confident of victory in the karnataka elections on wednesday and kept up his tirade against prime minister modi , accusing him of promoting corruption and depriving bengaluru of jobs.
;;-0.5106;;gandhi said modi actually insulted the people of karnataka when he claimed that nothing had happened in the state.
;;0.0;;wherever modi goes, he says nothing happened in 70 years.
;;0.0;;long before modi came to power, he said.
;;0.1027;;gandhi accused modi of depriving bengaluru of job opportunities by taking away the decision to procure 36 rafale fighter planes in fly-away condition from dassault aviation of france, cancelling an earlier agreement under which hal would have manufactured some of the aircraft in india.
;;-0.8225;;gandhi mentioned the suspected bank fraud carried out by jewellers mehul choksi and nirav modi before they flew abroad, and alleged attacks on dalits and tribals to target the prime minister in an election campaign that has become increasingly personal.
;;-0.25;;at his rally in chikkamagaluru, modi responded, saying congress had secured 40-odd lok sabha seats with difficulty and lost elections in most states.
;;-0.6428;;authorities had lifted this ban after the visit of prime minister modi to nepal.
;;0.0;;on time magazine cover describing prime minister modi as divider in chief, captain said: the pm has made brazen attempts to divide india on the basis of caste and religion to further his political ambitions.
;;-0.128;;modi has lowered indias prestige in the global arena, he added.
;;0.0129;;the punjab chief minister also lambasted modi for trying to take credit for balakot strikes, saying it was not the victory of the prime minister but the armed forces.
;;0.4019;;party spokespersons have been attributing the bjps performance to the charisma of prime minister modi and the organisational skills of bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.5267;;pointing out that 70 days have passed since prime minister modi announced the scrapping of high-denomination currency notes on november 8, surjewala said, failure to restore the cash supply has paralysed indias economy, leading to massive loss of jobs and closure of businesses on a daily basis.
;;0.7269;;the party spokesperson alleged that the rbi had been reduced to being a mere post office that follows the diktats of the modi government, instead of playing the role of an independent monetary regulator and key denominator of economic growth.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi on thursday announced that a street in delhi has been named after russias former ambassador to india alexander kadakin, a friend of india, who passed away recently.
;;0.25;;the vvip flight carrying prime minister modi to the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in kyrgyzstan on june 13 wont fly through pakistani airspace despite permission for overflight granted by islamabad, people familiar with developments said on wednesday.
;;-0.296;;the people cited above said the indian decision was also an indicator that there was no plan for a structured meeting between modi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan on the margins of the sco summit.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi visited france last month during which both sides resolved to further enhance the already close defence ties between the two countries.
;;0.3612;;whats more, prime minister modi is expected in up at least thrice - in greater noida on september 9, varanasi on september 17 (his birthday) and mathura on september 11.
;;-0.6486;;she revealed that after garmin employee kuchibhotla was shot dead by a former us soldier in kansas, prime minister modi asked her every day what mea (ministry of external affairs) is doing and what it plans to do in future.
;;0.5106;;article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi , shah and doval orchestrated movekashmir will not be allowed to turn into another battle-torn kosovo, he told the house: it was heaven on earth and will remain so, he added, paraphrasing mughal emperor jehangir.
;;0.25;;it accurately highlighted the monumental injustices of the past and coherently presented our vision for the sisters and brothers of j&k, prime minister modi said in a tweet.
;;-0.8462;;prime minister modi on wednesday said the lynching of a young man by a mob in jharkhand had pained him but said it was unfair to blame the entire state for it.
;;-0.7717;;indiaupdated: aug 21, 2019 07:53 istbritish prime minister boris johnson on tuesday held a telephonic conversation with prime minister modi and regretted the incidents of violence outside the indian high commission in london on independence day last week.
;;-0.1027;;during the conversation, modi raised the issue of violence against members of the indian diaspora celebrating independence day outside the indian mission, according to a statement issued by the pms office.
;;0.25;;modi drew johnsons attention to the challenges posed by vested interests pursuing their motivated agenda, including by violent means.
;;-0.4019;;meanwhile, a french official said president emmanuel macron will discuss tensions in kashmir with pm modi when the two meet in paris this week.
;;0.0;;last december, the niti aayog released agenda 2022 with a foreword by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.2263;;the protests came on a day when jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti met prime minister modi in new delhi and pressed for a dialogue with separatists in the state.
;;0.0;;for live updates of the election results, click heremanoj sinha57-year-old sinha is the telecom minister in prime minister modi modis government.
;;0.0;;an upper caste bhumihar leader, sinha is considered close to modi and manages the pms varanasi parliamentary constituency.
;;0.8807;;in fact, the grand function in new delhi in february 2016 to celebrate his 50 years as a legislator saw the whos who of indian politics gather on one stage  president pranab mukherjee, prime minister modi , congress president sonia gandhi, and the top leaders of all political parties.
;;0.7089;;down-to-earth in his approach, pawar enjoyed cordial relations with most prominent politicians including modi , atal bihari vajpayee, lk advani, jyoti basu, pramod mahajan and farooq abdullah.
;;0.4939;;in may 2016, indian prime minister modi visited iran and signed an agreement to invest $500 million to develop the port and related infrastructure, crs said.
;;-0.5719;;there was a belief that a combination of anger against demonetisation and the chemistry of the akhilesh yadav-rahul gandhi combination would produce a result that would deflate prime minister modi and set the political stage for the 2019 general election.
;;0.2263;;it is interesting that this outrage among a section of the intelligentsia which has been consistent in its opposition to modi was not reflected in the political class.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was pilloried during the campaign by the editorial classes for his samsan ghat-kabristan remark.
;;-0.802;;devmuni singh yadav, father of three boys and a resident of chhulkar village under sanjhauli block of rohtas district, in a letter to prime minister modi and chief minister nitish kumar, had requested the government to arrange for treatment of his children who suffer from a rare muscular disorder, otherwise allow for euthanasia.
;;-0.1531;;the countrys most populous state is also the personal electoral battleground for prime minister modi as well as congress president rahul gandhi and upa chairperson sonia gandhi.
;;0.0644;;the battered sp may have emerged as a challenger, but the bjp led by prime minister modi , amit shah and adityanath is not the bjp of 1993 when mulayam managed to checkmate it.
;;0.7579;;expressing confidence that the civil aviation ministry would soon connect gorakhpur with new delhi, mumbai and kathmandu, yogi praised udaan, cheap aviation services introduced by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.3818;;we have been talking only about defeating prime minister modi modi.
;;0.3818;;while bjps victory across the country is seen as a referendum on prime minister modi modis leadership, in maharashtra, the credit for the partys performance also goes to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.25;;according to reports, ncp chief sharad pawar called on prime minister modi in new delhi apparently to seek his attention to the farmers agitation in maharashtra.
;;0.296;;thirty-year-old subhash nayak has dedicated his initiative to prime minister modi modis cashless drive, which came on the heels of a controversial decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8.
;;-0.4215;;follow live updates here3:20 pm ist kumaraswamy voices concern over vulnerability of evms with most exit polls forecasting another term for prime minister modi and the bjp almost sweeping karnataka in the lok sabha polls, chief minister h d kumaraswamy monday expressed concerns over the vulnerability of the electronic voting machines (evms).
;;0.4215;;most exit polls sunday forecast another term for prime minister modi , with some of them projecting that bjp-led nda will get more than 300 seats to comfortably cross the majority mark of 272 in the lok sabha.
;;0.4019;;2:30 pm ist most of exit poll agencies are pro-bjp channels: cpi the communist party of india monday sought to discredit the agencies which predicted a second term for the modi government in their exit polls, and claimed the nda would fall short of the majority mark.
;;0.0;;the senior bjp leader was speaking at the launch of a poster of pm modi , a biopic on prime minister modi , being released this friday.
;;0.6124;;his jibe at the opposition came after exit polls on television channels on sunday projected the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) to retain power at the centre with most of the pollsters giving prime minister modi a clear majority again in the 543-member lok sabha.
;;0.0;;bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati said on tuesday the rss had dumped prime minister modi in the ongoing lok sabha elections as it had realized that the bjp was a sinking ship.
;;-0.0516;;modi is facing a tough challenge, she said.
;;-0.4215;;in india, the f-16 is up against saabs gripen combat aircraft, which the swedish firm has also offered to make locally, as prime minister modi drives a make-in-india campaign to build a domestic aerospace industry and reduce costly imports.
;;0.0;;he said he could take up the issues directly with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi had in march 2015 set a target of lowering import dependence in oil by 10 percentage points to 67  by 2022, when the country will celebrate 75 years of independence.
;;0.5106;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 07:55 istexternal affairs minister s jaishankar extended his birthday wishes to prime minister modi on tuesday morning and prayed for his long and healthy life.
;;0.7964;;watch: how has modi celebrated his birthday since becoming pmconsidered as pm modis one of the favourite diplomats of pm modi , jaishankar was given charge of ministry of external affairs in pm modis cabinet in may this year after bjps triumphant return to power.
;;0.5719;;pm modi will celebrate his 69th birthday in gujarat, his home state.
;;0.1027;;pm modi had reached gujarat late monday night.
;;0.8779;;prime minister modi chose asias premier security forum to unveil indias comprehensive and ambitious vision for the indo-pacific, a term that has gained much currency this year.
;;0.09;;mr modi also placed the association of southeast asian nations (asean) at the centre of this vision as one of the crucial building blocks of the indo-pacific.
;;-0.0772;;clearly, this was in line with efforts by the two asian giants to reset their troubled relationship in the wake of the wuhan summit between modi and president xi jinping.
;;0.1877;;however, mr modi did not shy away from raising some sensitive issues linked to beijing that have caused concern across the asia-pacific and among asean members.
;;0.0;;(ht photo)several events have been planned across britain and india to mark the year of culture, which was announced during the november 2015 visit to london of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has been working on a new edition of his book exam warriors following the conclusion of the national elections last month, according to people aware of the development.
;;0.0;;according to people aware of developments, modi first got the idea of updating the 208-page book during an interaction he held with students taking exams on january 29.
;;0.0;;modi also has also given inputs about the illustrations in the book.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi referred to the bill during campaigning in the region and said the bjp was committed to passing it once the nda returns to power.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi will hold a rally at akluj in solapur on april 17, instead of the earlier plan for an event at baramati in pune, from where supriya sule, sitting mp and daughter of nationalist congress party (ncp) president sharad pawar, is contesting the polls.
;;0.6969;;the chief minister will lead a delegation of farmers to meet the prime minister modi to press for implementation of the swaminathan commission report so as to ensure better prices for crops.
;;0.4215;;the next episode was when united states president donald trump, in the presence of prime minister modi , said that kashmir is a bilateral issue between india and pakistan.
;;-0.4939;;a day after the bengal administration alleged that prime minister modi bypassed it and called governor keshari nath tripathi to prepare a report on the damage inflicted by cyclone fani, government sources said the claim was not correct.
;;0.0;;attention has been drawn to reports in a section of the media, that the trinamool congress has expressed its displeasure at prime minister modi speaking only to west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi, about the post-fani situation in the state.
;;-0.3724;;the modi government never respected that.
;;-0.4767;;the attack comes days after prime minister modi modis unscheduled visit to pakistan.
;;0.1531;;the result will force the aam aadmi party, especially its chief arvind kejriwal, who was positioning himself as a challenger to prime minister modi by taking him on in public discourse, to ask some uncomfortable questions.
;;0.4019;;aaps rout in the mcd polls is also being seen as a personal setback to kejriwal as the party had put forth a clash between brand kejriwal versus brand modi , describing the prime minister as the only lifeline for the bjps alleged misrule in the mcd.
;;0.4019;;what would haunt the kejriwal-led party more is that unlike the 2015 assembly elections, when modi led the bjps campaign from the front, the prime minister didnt speak a word in the run-up to the campaign this time even as his party leaders on the ground sought votes in his name.
;;0.7096;;before deciding to contest as an independent, singh had sought a ticket from the bharatiya janata party (bjp) as he was inspired by prime minister modi , who called himself the armys senapati (commander).
;;-0.4588;;q: prime minister modi said you have allied with a party that tried to kill your father in 1984.
;;0.0;;q: recently prime minister modi described himself as the adopted son of up to blunt the up ke ladke campaign of the alliance.
;;0.0;;before this, the bjps president and now union home minister amit shah invited uddhav thackeray to gujarat when he filed his nomination paper for the national polls and prime minister modi referred to the sena chief as his younger brother.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister modi said that pitrodas comment showed congresss arrogance and character.
;;-0.555;;also watch: jaishankar slams chinas trade policies, says india is concernedsticking pointsbut negotiators have repeatedly blown through deadlines, mostly because prime minister modi modis government is worried about exacerbating a trade deficit with china and the rest of asia isnt willing to accept large amounts of indian workers in return for greater market access.
;;-0.7783;;prime minister modi expressed his sadness at mehtas death.
;;0.3612;;reminiscing his meeting with mehta, modi tweeted, i have had the privilege of meeting mehta several times.
;;0.3182;;the foreign direct investment (fdi) has seen a huge jump from usd 34,487 billion to usd 61,724 billion since 2013, prime minister modi said on wednesday.
;;0.6808;;substantial ground has been covered in the last three years and we are poised to scale newer heights of progress, modi concluded.
;;-0.0772;;previously, during his bihar visit, prime minister modi had appreciated chief minister nitish kumars step of total liquor ban in his state.
;;0.8625;;naidu spoke to hindustan times about the prospects of forming a grand alliance of opposition parties, his falling-out with prime minister modi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and key election issues.
;;0.3182;;in your rallies, you seem to attack modi more than ysr congress party chief ys jagan mohan reddy (the main opposition party in the state).
;;0.0;;modi is uncouth.
;;0.4767;;he spoke the same disrespectful language to akhilesh {yadav, chief of the samajwadi party}, mayawati {chief of the bahujan samaj party}, mamata {banerjee, west bengal cm} everywhere it is modi who is failing to uphold the dignity of the office of pm i won my first election in 1978 and have seen pms right from the time of indira gandhi.
;;0.0;;with others we might have had ideological differences but it never got personal till modi started this.
;;-0.7003;;modi is insecure, egoistic and jealous.
;;0.0;;modi is talking according to his convenience.
;;0.5591;;that is an irony, considering that prime minister modi , who is quite vocal about ending the countrys corruption, could not stop the illegal liquor trade.
;;-0.3818;;meanwhile, as the prime minister, modi went ahead with demonetisation, an economic situation that weeded out 86  of the countrys currency notes bringing about the largest cash crunch in world history, and called it an act against corruption.
;;0.0624;;however, he said he did not support the language of slogans like chowkidar chor hai, which is being used by the congress to hit at prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.1419;;i dont like prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah but i dont see congress national president rahul gandhi as the prime minister either.
;;0.4019;;new delhis help was sought by foreign secretary boris johnson, who is currently on a visit to india, during wednesdays meeting with prime minister modi , london-based sources told ht.
;;0.25;;the beti bachao, beti padhao initiative is one of prime minister modi modis pet projects, and in a state like haryana  which has been deemed unsafe for women from the womb to adulthood  the message was a ray of hope for the otherwise neglected girl child.
;;-0.2023;;the maharashtra police claim to have unearthed separate maoists plots to purportedly assassinate prime minister modi in a rajiv gandhi-type incident during one of his road shows and targeting state chief minister devendra fadnavis for initiating operations against rebels.
;;0.0;;also read: plot to assassinate pm modi?
;;-0.8779;;law minister ravi shankar prasad termed the reported plot to kill modi as disturbing and expressed hope that a prompt investigation would expose the conspiracy.
;;-0.5994;;randeep singh surjewala (@rssurjewala) june 8, 2018at an event in mumbai, fadnavis said that the police has came across an internal communication from a frontal naxal commander to someone else talking about a module on the lines of rajiv gandhis assassination to eliminate modi.
;;0.9337;;my heartfelt thanks to prime minister modi , party president amit shah and chief minister devendra fadnavis for reposing trust in me and appointing me as the state party chief, patil tweeted after the announcement.
;;-0.296;;meanwhile, danve met modi on tuesday in delhi to tender his resignation.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister modi on monday mocked at mayawati's opposition to note ban, saying bsp is no longer bahujan samaj party but 'behenji sampatti party'.
;;-0.5106;;he accused the centre of being biased against haryana, saying that prime minister modi is not implementing the court decision on the syl canal.
;;0.743;;blackman, in his letter, also noted that prime minister modi modis democratically elected government is perfectly entitled to implement its own election manifesto which explicitly proposed these constitutional changes to articles 370 and 35a.
;;0.7351;;but most eyes are on uttar pradesh where modi staked his reputation on a campaign to win a state the bjp last ruled in 2002.
;;0.6369;;if it does well in up, mixed results elsewhere might not have much impact either on the bjps politics or the nda government; an obverse scenario might be construed as a setback to modi who along with his ministers virtually camped in up, making it the testing ground of their popularity.
;;0.4939;;with a lead in all the parliamentary constituencies after more than two hours of counting, the bjp is likely to retain its stronghold in the home state of prime minister modi and party president amit shah in the two-cornered contest with the congress.
;;-0.1027;;chandigarhupdated: sep 19, 2019 00:56 istshiromani akali dal president sukhbir singh badal on wednesday sought intervention of prime minister modi to ensure expeditious and across-the-board release of all sikh prisoners languishing in different jails in the country even after serving the full term of their sentence.
;;-0.1779;;indiaupdated: aug 28, 2019 18:43 istshashi tharoor, congress mp from thiruvananthapuram on wednesday denied all charges made by the kerala pradesh congress committee and challenged his critics in the party to point out a single statement in which he praised prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4588;;the pcc chief had sent a show-cause to the mp on tuesday after many mps from the state protested tharoors so-called statements praising modi.
;;0.0;;dont demonise modi is not my phrase either.
;;-0.2263;;i have demonized modi , because they filed two cases against me for my critical remarks, in one case an arrest warrant, which my congress critics should hail as a badge of honour, instead of demonsing me, he said in the letter adding both, ramesh and singhvi, were made their remarks in public forums.
;;0.6977;;i am more than slightly mystified to be seen by some of my own party men as some sort of bjp-inclined modi sympathiser and to be asked for an explanation for praising someone i have not praised, he said adding he will remain a strong and constructive critic of modi.
;;-0.2023;;he also said it is difficult to point out a single leader from the state who has made 10  of his effort to study, research, anticipate and oppose the modi government on every bills it sought to introduce against the spirit of the constitution.
;;0.0;;undeterred, modi persisted, even as china furtively expanded its military footprint in doklam.
;;-0.2263;;the growing bonhomie between prime minister modi and bihar chief minister nitish kumar seems to have upset the congress calculations in poll-bound punjab.
;;0.223;;party insiders felt that it would not be surprising if nitish kumar declines to visit punjab in view of his changing attitude towards modi.
;;0.743;;now today pm modi took a historical stand which is very commendable and we are thankful to the bjp government for taking such a bold step, he added.
;;0.2732;;the grating of ut status is a gift from prime minister modi , home minister amit shah and our forefathers who have strived hard for such status to our future generations.
;;-0.1027;;since november 8, when prime minister modi announced the invalidation of high-value currency notes, and their replacement with new ones, with assorted (and ever-changing) conditionalities and constraints, they have been hard at work, sometimes even over weekends.
;;0.0;;initially feted for their service by customers, and even modi himself, bankers found the narrative changing with time as the queues continued, investigative agencies unearthed money-laundering rackets involving some bankers, and it emerged that almost all of the rs 15.
;;0.0;;about possible meeting of prime minister nawaz sharif and his indian counterpart modi on the sidelines of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana in june, he said there is nothing on the table yet as the summit is almost two months away.
;;-0.9231;;in a veiled attack on pakistan, prime minister modi on friday said that countries sponsoring, aiding and funding terrorism must be held accountable as he called for a global conference to combat the menace.
;;-0.5267;;addressing the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit here, modi highlighted the spirit and ideals of the sco to strengthen cooperation in the fight against terrorism.
;;-0.6808;;prime minister modi also called on the sco member states to cooperate under the sco regional anti-terrorist structure (rats) against terrorism.
;;0.0;;modi arrived in the kyrgyz capital on thursday for the two-day sco summit.
;;0.4588;;these are over and above interest rate subventions announced by prime minister modi on december 31.
;;-0.4404;;the report includes insights from harsh pant, a professor of international relations specializing in india at kings college, who says that modi was able to shape the demonetisation as a political narrative, rather than an economic one.
;;0.8338;;the execution of demonetisation was botched, with cash shortages persisting in parts of the country, but modi successfully framed the policy as a decisive strike against the untaxed hoards of black money accumulated by the countrys wealthy elites, says the report.
;;-0.296;;it quotes prabhakar kumar, the head of cms media labs, a research group that analyses media and political trends, saying that there is no one in the opposition who can match modi.
;;0.5719;;soutik biswas, the bbcs india correspondent, decodes what the historic wins means for modi and the bjp.
;;0.8126;;according to the piece, other gains for the bjp include surviving the jitters caused by demonetisation, a boost in the upper house of the parliament and ensuring that modi becomes the front-runner for 2019.
;;0.5859;;a report in the washington post says that the election win will be a morale-booster for modi , who campaigned extensively in uttar pradesh.
;;0.4588;;though banks were able to broker a temporary truce on card acceptance  which makes for 30  to 40  of transactions at pumps  the development can have a lingering impact of prime minister modi modis cashless and digital india campaigns.
;;-0.6369;;in a shock announcement on november 8, pm modi demonetised old notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000, which made up for 86  of the countrys total currency, setting in the biggest cash crunch ever.
;;-0.1779;;dalit mp chhotelal kharwar wrote to prime minister modi claiming that top leaders in up bjp were not listening to the grievances flagged by him.
;;0.0258;;sending out a clear message to pakistan, prime minister modi on saturday said victory in the kargil war was a symbol of indias might and its security will remain impregnable with dedication of the armed forces.
;;-0.296;;watch|article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi , shah and doval orchestrated movedwivedi, who was dropped from the congress working committee in a reshuffle in july last year, made no reference to the partys stand.
;;0.5574;;in 2015, the congress leader had landed in a controversy when he was perceived to praise prime minister modi for the bjps performance in the 2014 national elections.
;;-0.6124;;dwivedi later told reporters that he had given an objective analysis that the election results of 2014 was not the victory of modi or the bjp but defeat of the congress.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi hosted a dinner meeting for key leaders of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) at his residence in delhi on friday, sources said.
;;0.9179;;terming indias prime minister modi is the most successful and impressive political leader in the world, leading foreign brokerage clsa said the demonestisation and goods and services tax will help spur economic growth.
;;0.8834;;modi spearheaded the successful election campaign for his bharatiya janata party that led to a landslide victory in uttar pradesh has been applauded by global investors as an endorsement of his economic reform agenda.
;;0.0;;haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar said his government was following the sabka sath, sabka vikas mantra of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.25;;the pathankot attack has come nearly a week after prime minister modi made a surprise stopover at lahore and held talks with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.3612;;the gurdaspur attack took place after modi and sharif met in the russian city of ufa and agreed to explore ways to pursue peace talks.
;;-0.7783;;the robust tax collection comes amid the demonetisation drive initiated after prime minister modi on november 8 announced scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes to fight the menace of black money, corruption and terror funding.
;;-0.4939;;the congress urged the election commission to book prime minister modi and other bjp leaders for alleged violation of the model code by holding a road show in varanasi without prior permission.
;;0.1027;;in a complaint to the ec, the congress alleged that modi took out the road show in varanasi from bhu (banaras hindu university) without the necessary permission from the competent authority.
;;0.128;;it is requested that action may be taken and fir registered against all bjp leaders including modi who were part of the road show, said k c mittal, aicc secretary incharge of legal and human rights cell.
;;0.0;;on a whirlwind day in his lok sabha constituency to rally voters around the bjp in eastern uttar pradesh, modi took out a road show, offered prayers at the two historic temples and paid tributes to hindutva ideologue madan mohan malviya today.
;;-0.5106;;on thursday, the ians first reported how the kvic had suddenly replaced mahatma gandhi by modi from its prestigious, annual calendars and diaries, sparking off outrage across india.
;;-0.1027;;on july 22, during his joint media appearance with pakistan prime minister imran khan at the white house, president trump stunned india by saying that prime minister modi sought his mediation/arbitration on the kashmir issue, a claim that was seen by many as outlandish and carrying little credibility.
;;-0.128;;india asserted that no such request was made by prime minister modi to the us president and all issues will have to be resolved with islamabad bilaterally.
;;0.0772;;a home ministry order giving nageshwar rao his new assignment was issued hours after the appointments committee of the cabinet led by prime minister modi cut short his tenure at the central bureau of investigation and placed his services with the home ministry.
;;0.2023;;rao was again the governments first choice for the job after a high-powered committee led by prime minister modi decided to move out alok verma from the top post.
;;0.0;;the move is in line with prime minister modi modis push to establish india as an arms exporter.
;;0.25;;the choice of orange has sparked debates back home with some opposition politicians accusing prime minister modi modis right-wing hindu nationalist party of pushing its trademark saffron hue on the team.
;;-0.3911;;the blame lies at the door of prime minister modi and not poor fellow sampla.
;;0.5423;;prime minister modi on sunday began the process of outlining his vision for a new india, by calling on people to demonstrate greater civic responsibility.
;;0.4767;;in his first mann ki baat radio address since the electoral triumph, modi identified traffic rules and fuel consumption as areas where people could contribute to the new india.
;;0.0258;;prime minister modi is expected to reach punjab in the last week of january to campaign for the sad-bjp candidates ahead of the february 4 polls.
;;0.0;;in june, eesl had given 8,591 led lights (costing rs 22,000 each) to the civic body and these were to be installed before june 21 when prime minister modi was scheduled to visit lucknow on world yoga day.
;;0.34;;the other two major shrines of kedarnath and badrinath on the chardham circuit are scheduled to reopen on may 3 and may 6 respectively with prime minister modi and president pranab mukherjee slated to visit them on the opening day itself.
;;0.0;;modi will visit kedarnath on may 3 and mukherjee will offer prayers at badrinath on may 6.
;;0.6808;;the entry of india and pakistan into the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) will bolster its strength, chinese president xi jinping said on sunday as he welcomed prime minister modi and pakistan president mamnoon hussain to the eight-member grouping.
;;0.1027;;modi and hussain attended the summit for the first time after both countries were admitted as members of the beijing-based sco last year.
;;0.0;;from left: indian prime minister modi , kyrgyz president sooronbai jeenbekov, tajikistan president imomali rakhmon, russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping, kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev, uzbekistan's president shavkat mirziyoyev and pakistani president mamnoon hussain pose for a photo prior to their talks at the shanghai cooperation organization summit in qingdao in eastern china's shandong province on sunday.
;;0.0;;besides modi and xi, other leaders attending the summit include russian president vladimir putin and iranian president hassan rouhani.
;;-0.5574;;india will not hold talks with pakistan until it gives up its state policy of supporting terrorism, the countrys ambassador to the us harsh vardhan shringla said, hours after prime minister modi was reelected in a general election fought on strong nationalistic sentiments.
;;0.8519;;pakistan prime minister imran khan thursday congratulated modi on his electoral triumph and expressed desire to work with him for peace and prosperity in the region.
;;-0.128;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 04:29 istprime minister modi interacted with about 70 students from across the country at the space centre here and cheered them to do well in life amid gloom over loss of contact with lunar lander vikram while descending towards the moon on early saturday.
;;0.0;;when one of the boys asked what he should do to become the countrys president, modi quipped why not become the prime minister.
;;0.2023;;white house says trump looking forward to meeting modi; h-1b visa, terrorism, trade likely on the agendathe maiden meeting between us president donald trump and prime minister modi would set forth a vision to expand the us-india partnership in an ambitious way, the white house said on monday.
;;0.0;;at a recent election rally, prime minister modi used him to take a dig at the sp-congress alliance, asking whether the tie-up was as pure as prajapati.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: aug 11, 2019 10:02 istindia has a plan to achieve prime minister modi modis goal of reducing the countrys dependence on energy imports, and it starts in the kitchen.
;;0.0;;still, both prime minister modi and ljp chief ram vilas paswan chose gaya to hold their joint rally on april 2.
;;0.0258;;the modi government is expected to bite the bullet on contentious economic reforms, including those in labour and banking & financial sectors, after a ringing endorsement of its policies from voters in assembly polls on saturday.
;;-0.6369;;the bjp registered a resounding victory in uttar pradesh elections which were billed as a referendum on demonetisation, a controversial decision by prime minister modi last november that forced people to spend hours at atm kiosks and banks to withdraw money as a cash crunch hit hard.
;;0.872;;demonetisation and gst benefitted only 1  rich in nation because modi is prime minister of these one per cent rich people and suggested pakoda business to unemployed youth, alleged akhilesh.
;;0.0;;this election will end achhe din for modi and same would come for voters.
;;-0.7351;;focusing more on prime minister modi , singh alleged that the man with 56 inch chest lacks place in his heart for poor, deprived and farmers.
;;0.0;;he urged the gathering not to watch television as they only campaign for modi.
;;-0.296;;modi has given just rs 100 crore to mumbai, which makes no sense.
;;-0.1531;;he alleged that the modi government in its pursuit of promoting start-ups, entrepreneurs and big businesses at the cost of the poor people, labourers, hawkers.
;;-0.4019;;congress will work for their upliftment, gandhi said, mocking modi that just speeches will not bring development.
;;0.0;;india has resisted pakistans efforts to internationalise the situation, but in doing so, has the prime minister modi opened the door to international mediation?
;;-0.8481;;then khan accused the modi government of being fascist and a threat to pakistani and indian minorities.
;;-0.6369;;the doubt as to whether india sought trumps mediation arises because modi , then, spoke to the us president and complained about this outburst.
;;0.6956;;trump summed up his interventions in a tweet, saying, spoke to my two good friends prime minister modi of india and prime minister imran khan of pakistan and urged them to work towards reducing tensions in kashmir, a tough situation but good conversation.
;;0.3612;;the list also names major projects like mega food park, hindustan paper mills and iiitthat rahul gandhi claims have been either scrapped or shifted out of constituency at the behest of modi government.
;;0.0;;the congress also remind the people about prime minister modi modis address to people in amethi during his election campaign in 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.8078;;prime minister modi on thursday showered praises on jharkhand chief minister raghubar das for his profound thinking in framing policy to set up a special police battalion, the first of its kind, exclusively comprising members of particularly vulnerable tribal groups (pvtgs).
;;0.4019;;modi distributed appointment letters to newly recruited pvtg members at a function in jharkhands sahebganj district where he inaugurated and laid foundation stones of six different projects, including construction of the rs 2200- crore, six-kilometre-long four-lane bridge on river ganga connecting jharkhand and bihar and a multi-modal terminal on the river to boost the inland water transportation.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister modi modis claim that the congress tried to kill samajwadi party (sp) patriarch mulayam singh yadav in 1984 is the latest in a series of remarks targeted at the main opposition party and its leaders.
;;-0.2023;;from personal to political, modi has been unsparing in his attacks on the congress, at home as well as abroad.
;;-0.3182;;here are some of the digs and accusations he has made after taking over as the prime minister in may 2014:may 16, 2015: at a reception hosted by the indian community in shanghai, china, prime minister modi took a dig at congress vice-president rahul gandhi for going on a two-month vacation earlier that year.
;;0.0;;september 28, 2015: congress president sonia gandhis son-in-law robert vadra was at the receiving end when modi addressed the indian community at san jose, california.
;;-0.4767;;march 3, 2016: speaking in the lok sabha, modi went three years back to attack rahul.
;;-0.25;;modi talked about how rahul had in september 2013 publically torn a copy of an ordinance that the congress-led upa government was planning against convicted lawmakers.
;;-0.3182;;december 22, 2016: modi again mocked rahul at a public meeting in varanasi, his lok sabha constituency.
;;0.0;;modi was talking about rahuls claim that if he was allowed to speak in parliament an earthquake would come, as the government and opposition slugged it out over demonetisation.
;;0.128;;rejecting the claim, sources in krishna camp said their leader would hold any such discussions only with top two bjp leadersprime minister modi and party president amit shah.
;;0.9371;;prime minister modi on saturday launched a fresh attack on the opposition parties and said that though the samajwadi party was evidently going soft on the congress, bahujan samaj party supremo mayawati was openly opposing the grand old party.
;;0.0;;in uttar pradesh, pm modi has two rallies in pratapgarh and basti, while in bihar; he will address a public meeting at valmiki nagar.
;;0.3244;;now even congress is openly accepting that they cannot win over modi till they malign modis honesty and hard work, he added.
;;0.7096;;for a friends sonthe investigation led the sog to rus prof govind pareek, who gave information about the question paper of m com (final year) or & qt to ns modi , the principal of government college, khajuwala in bikaner.
;;0.0;;modi wanted information about the question paper as his son nipun was appearing for the examination.
;;0.872;;the move comes after a successful wuhan summit, where both prime minister modi and president xi jinping issued strategic guidance to their respective militaries to build trust and mutual understanding.
;;0.4939;;with both modi and xi agreeing to the creation of an information-sharing mechanism to prevent incidents in border regions, the decks have now been cleared for a hotline between the indian director general military operations (dgmo) and a pla three-star general handling overall operations in the pla command headquarters in beijing to ensure that no local army commander on either side displays undue aggression.
;;0.1779;;there is also a distinct possibility of the two special representatives on india-china boundary talks, namely ajit doval and his chinese counterpart wang yi, having access to strategic communications to prevent any flare-up between the two aspiring global powers, people familiar with the matter saidalthough the modi government is tight-lipped about the strategic guidance to military, hindustan times learns that steps are being contemplated to avoid any jostling, fisticuffs or stand-offs between patrols of the indian army and the pla.
;;0.0;;yogi also talked about efforts made by prime minister modi to end casteism in society.
;;-0.7845;;like abraham lincoln and nelson mandela got freedom for black people from slavery and racism, pm modi has laid the foundation of new india by ending casteism and other evils of society, yogi said.
;;0.7096;;indiaupdated: aug 08, 2019 23:50 istin his first public address after the government pushed through constitutional changes with regard to jammu and kashmir (j&k), prime minister modi reached out to citizens in the state-turned-union territory with a vision of peace and development for the future.
;;0.3182;;addressing the nation on thursday evening, modi laid out the rationale for ending article 370, bifurcating j&k, and making it a union territory along with granting a distinct ut status to ladakh.
;;-0.128;;modi then went into specifics of how the presence of article 370 had kept people in j&k deprived of the rights and opportunities that citizens elsewhere in the country possessed.
;;0.7351;;modi added that both central public sector units (psus) and private sector companies would also be encouraged to create opportunities in the state.
;;0.3612;;modi spoke of the potential of various sectors in the new ut, from tourism to natural resources.
;;0.5994;;modi also spoke of the specific opportunities in ladakh, including of spiritual, adventure and eco-tourism.
;;0.4404;;modi then held out the hope that the ut status was temporary.
;;0.3415;;senior congress leader anand sharma said pm modi modis speech was hardly reassuring for the people of the state.
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi had in april, 2015, said there is a need to brainstorm over whether tribunals lead to faster delivery of justice or are acting as barriers to it and slowing it down.
;;0.128;;prime minister modi in may 2016 launched the pmuy nine months before the last assembly elections in uttar pradesh in the states ballia district.
;;0.4215;;most exit polls sunday forecast another term for prime minister modi , with some of them projecting that bjp-led nda will get more than 300 seats to comfortably cross the majority mark of 272 in the lok sabha.
;;0.0;;the former union minister was in mumbai a day after pm modi in an election rally in the city said he will put corrupt leaders in jail after getting re-elected in the general elections.
;;0.2144;;modi dreams not only when he is sleeping but also when he is awake.
;;0.128;;chidambaram also clarified that there were no plans to field party general secretary priyanka gandhi from varanasi against prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.2023;;the release of the biopic on prime minister modi which was slated to hit the theatres tomorrow has been postponed.
;;0.0;;sandip singh, the producer of the film tweeted, this is to confirm, our film pm modi is not releasing on 5th april.
;;-0.128;;prime minister modi , bjp veteran lk advani and leaders cutting across political lines attended the event.
;;0.7003;;both the bharatiya janata party and the congress went the extra mile to woo voters in the reserved seats  prime minister modi and congress general secretary priyanka gandhi both, addressed election meetings at ratlam.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi spoke to patnaik and discussed the situation in the aftermath of fanis landfall.
;;0.6486;;prime minister modi has proved his strong leadership by taking decisions like the [2016] surgical strike [against militant launch pads across the line of control in pakistani-occupied kashmir].
;;0.8225;;indicating that the delhi bjp is going to adopt a different approach in selection of candidates for municipal elections scheduled in the national capital in april, its president manoj tiwari said that the two prerequisites to get a party ticket are that they must love delhi and believe in the policies of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;and they must also believe in the policies of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;he said the media has made this an election between prime minister modi and cm ashok gehlot while this election was one between nationalism and dynasty.
;;0.4767;;pompeo will meet prime minister modi and external affairs minister s jaishankar to discuss our ambitious agenda for the us-india strategic partnership, state department spokesperson morgan ortagus said in a statement on tuesday.
;;0.0;;also read: modi hai to mumkin hai, says pompeo in major policy speech ahead of india visitamerican officials have tended to frame upcoming visits to india in lofty terms in the past.
;;0.34;;in july 2014, then secretary of state john kerry had said in a speech before his india visit: the us and india can and should be indispensable partners for the 21st century, and that is, i assure you, the way we approach the modi government.
;;-0.7269;;in his 30-minute speech, the bjp leader also credited prime minister modi for the united nations declaring pakistan-based terrorist masood azhar a global terrorist.
;;0.0;;listing out the works carried out by the central government in delhi, shah said the modi government has spent about 1 lakh crore for infrastructure works in delhi, spanning from the delhi-mumbai expressway to delhi-meerut expressway.
;;-0.0516;;exactly 100 days since prime minister modi went on national television to announce the shock recall of high value currency notes, the crippling effects of demonestisation, which polarised opinion sharply across the country, cash supply at atms across gurgaon remains erratic and scarce.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi sanctioned rs 50,000 for an orphan brother-sister duo in kota who had found rs 96,500 in demonetised bank notes months after the deadline to exchange such notes was over.
;;0.0;;apart from the money sanctioned from the prime ministers discretionary fund (pmdf), modi also got the two children, 17-year-old sooraj banjara and his nine-year-old sister saloni, insured under the pradhan mantri suraksha bima yojana (pmsby) and pradhan mantri jeevan jyoti beema yojana (pmjjby).
;;0.34;;during jayalalithaas funeral, prime minister modi had greeted the aiadmk general secretary, and comforted her, indicating that their relationship may be more cordial than initially thought.
;;0.4215;;the issue of palayan or alleged hindu exodus from western uttar pradesh (up) could find resonance during the bjps campaign with prime minister modi likely to raise the matter during his rallies in the region in february, party insiders said.
;;-0.0258;;though the formal schedule of the pms rallies is awaited, modi may begin the partys west up campaign from february 4 followed by three more rallies  one each in aligarh muslim university, bijnor and pilibhit  over the next seven days.
;;0.6124;;since the exodus issue has found a prominent mention in the bjps up manifesto, the party leaders say that the possibility of the pm modi taking up the issue during his election speeches in west up were high.
;;0.7845;;other-sportsupdated: aug 27, 2019 16:39 istprime minister modi met with ace shuttler pv sindhu after the latter won a historic gold at bwf world championships in basel.
;;0.8302;;also read: exclusive | tokyo not far but want to enjoy this: pv sindhupm modi met with the star indian shuttler on tuesday and the images of the special meet were uploaded on social media.
;;0.5859;;twitter.com/4wvwxuapqr  modi (@narendramodi) august 27, 2019following her historic victory, sindhu spoke exclusively to hindustan time and stated it was a much-awaited win for her.
;;0.1531;;nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar saturday targeted prime minister modi for claiming there were disputes in the formers family.
;;0.4019;;three days after the far-reaching decision to abrogate the special status given to jammu and kashmir under article 370 and bifurcate the state, prime minister modi , in a nearly 40-minute televised address to the nation on thursday, sought to assuage concerns of the people saying jammu and kashmir will not remain union territory for long.
;;-0.0516;;at a time when prime minister modi and his government are aggressively promoting khadi, the maharashtra government has been withholding the fifth pay commission arrears of about 500 employees of the state khadi board since 1996.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on friday hammered his partys bhopal lok sabha candidate pragya thakur for calling mahatma gandhis assassin nathuram godse a patriot, underlining that this kind of a language could not be tolerated in a civilised society.
;;-0.3007;;but in my heart, i cannot forgive her, said pm modi.
;;0.4019;;bahujan samaj party chief mayawati ranted against electronic voting machines as she trolled prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah on results night.
;;0.1935;;and there is russia, a long-time trusted defence partner of india that has watched the growing india-us ties with some alarm despite indian assurances of de-hyphenated relationships delivered most recently by prime minister modi at an informal summit with president vladimir putin recently.
;;0.0772;;recently, cji gogoi wrote a series of letters to prime minister modi , expressing concern at the rising number of vacancies and pendency of cases in the high courts.
;;0.4019;;doesnt prime minister modi and party president amit shah form the high command in bjp?
;;0.4019;;both prime minister modi and party president amit shah are supposed to attend.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister modi condoled the death of the children in the mishap.
;;0.0;;the union minister informed the gathering that prime minister modi will dedicate to the nation the 135-km long eastern peripheral expressway in august this year.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has replaced mahatma gandhi in the 2017 wall calendar and table diary published by the khadi village industries commission (kvic), official sources said on thursday, as opposition leaders reacted sharply to the move.
;;0.0;;co/nnkbj4i7vx  office of rg (@officeofrg) january 13, 2017while gandhis historic picture weaving khadi on a simple charkha, wearing his trademark loin cloth, is legendary and imprinted in the minds of the masses since generations, modi comes across in his signature attire of kurta-pyjama-waistcoat, weaving khadi on a slightly modern charkha.
;;0.4019;;chairman kvic (@chairmankvic) january 13, 2017he added that modi has been wearing khadi since long, and has popularised it among the masses and even among foreign dignitaries, while developing his own styles around khadi.
;;0.2023;;incidentally, modi already has a khadi garment unofficially named after him - the casual and comfy, half-sleeved modi kurta - since the days he was gujarat chief minister and sported it regularly in public in various shades and styles.
;;0.0;;recently indian prime minister modi met french president emmanuel macron.
;;-0.1779;;the congress on saturday stepped up its attack on the modi government for being lax on issues concerning indias security.
;;-0.5267;;azad targeted the modi government for failing to keep promises made to people and misleading the people by inaugurating projects initiated during the tenure of upa government.
;;-0.2924;;prime minister modi did not keep the promises he made to the people.
;;0.0;;azad also targeted modi for his pakistan and china policies and said the nda government was only reacting to their actions.
;;0.0;;he quoted instances of beheading of indian soldiers by pakistan and said modi had made beheading of soldiers a big issue during his poll campaign.
;;-0.5106;;modi, however, failed to do anything after assuming power, he said.
;;-0.4588;;the anxiety laid out in siddharthas letter, with multiple references to pressure from lenders and stakeholders, is an unwelcome scenario for prime minister modi as he begins his second term with promises to turn india into an economic powerhouse, even as its commercial engine shows increasing signs of sputtering.
;;0.0;;they are expected to meet prime minister modi , ministers and officials, the schedules for which are being worked out.
;;0.0;;89 billion, the biggest since february 2012, on expectations that prime minister modi will come back to power in the over-a-month-long polls that commence next week.
;;0.6486;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 13:45 istprime minister modi on thursday reiterated his governments resolve to make india a $5 trillion economy in the five years through several initiatives, including rs 100 lakh crore investment in infrastructure, making policy environment more predictable and pushing for make in india with special emphasis on rural economy, and micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes).
;;0.7783;;pm modi hinted at major economic reforms in future based on global best practices that would hasten the growth.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi will give a pep talk to chief ministers of 13 bjp ruled states at the party headquarters here on sunday.
;;0.8074;;the meeting comes within weeks of modi holding a similar session with leaders of 33 nda allies, who reposed faith in his leadership and resolved to win the 2019 elections again.
;;0.0;;at the just concluded conclave of the bjp in bhubaneswar, prime minister modi asked bjp leaders to be mindful of their conduct.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister modi will address the nation from the isro control centre in bengaluru at 8am after vikram lander loses contact in the final minutes.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/rhsly1tmc4  ani (@ani) september 6, 20194:41 am ist pm modi interacted with students from across country bengaluru: prime minister modi interacted, earlier tonight, with the students from across the country, who were selected through isros space quiz competition to watch the landing of vikramlander along with pm.
;;0.0;;#watch bengaluru: prime minister modi interacted, earlier tonight, with the students from across the country, who were selected through isro's 'space quiz' competition to watch the landing of #vikramlander along with pm.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/oacnhpbjkx  ani (@ani) september 6, 20194:03 am ist pm modi to address nation at 8:00 am from isro control centre prime minister modi will address the nation from isro control centre today at 8:00 am.
;;0.0;;narendra modi will address the nation from isro control centre today (september 07, 2019) at 0800 hrs ist.
;;0.9325;;kudos to our pm @narendramodi ji, a true leader, being present personally and bucking up the morale of our scientists   rajyavardhan rathore (@ra_thore) september 6, 20192:27 am ist the nation is proud of you, hope for the best: pm modi on chandrayaan-2 talking to the scientists and students at isro headquarters after india lost touch with vikram lander, pm modi said, there are ups and downs in life.
;;0.0;;pm modi pats the back of @isro chairman k sivan.
;;0.0;;1:32 am ist pm modi watches soft landing of vikram lander at isro headquarters pm modi watches the soft landing of vikram lander on south pole region of moon at the isro centre in bengaluru.
;;0.0;;karnataka: pm modi at the #isro centre in bengaluru to watch the soft landing of vikram lander on south pole region of moon.
;;0.0;;1:23 am ist pm modi arrives at istrac headquarters pm modi has arrived at isros tracking and command centre in bengaluru.
;;0.0;;shivani s prabhu is a class 10 student of holy angels isc school at nearby nanthancode was selected along with ahmed thanveer, a class 9 student of army public school, kannur, to witness indias historic moment along with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4215;;9:45 pm ist pm modi arrives in bengaluru ahead of chandrayaan-2s soft landing pm modi reached yelahanka airbase in bengaluru hours ahead of the chandrayaan-2s soft landing and was welcomed by chief minister bs yediyurappa.
;;0.0;;mission director ritu karidhal srivastava, who did her msc in physics from the university of lucknow, and young rashi verma, the daughter of a farmer who has been chosen to watch the landing along with prime minister modi at isros bengaluru headquarters.
;;0.69;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) september 6, 201902:04 pm ist pm modi: i urge you all to watch the special moments of chandrayaan - 2 prime minister modi modi: i urge you all to watch the special moments of chandrayaan - 2 descending on to the lunar south pole!
;;0.0;;gen (retd) mcmaster will meet prime minister modi , foreign minister sushma swaraj and foreign secretary s jaishankar in addition to his counterpart ajit doval in what will be his first visit to south asia since he took over in february.
;;0.0;;mcmaster is expected to carry an invitation from us president donald trump for modi to visit washington in june.
;;0.4019;;the bjps victory in karnataka is unprecedented because it busts the perception that the party belongs to the hindi-speaking parts of the country, said prime minister modi on tuesday.
;;0.8271;;i will always cherish the affection i received from the people of karnataka, said modi in a speech at the party headquaters.
;;-0.4588;;rahul gandhi and akhilesh yadav on tuesday attacked bjp and bsp claiming the sp-congress storm sweeping uttar pradesh will blow them away and finish prime minister modi who is trying to bring company raj in india.
;;0.4404;;this storm will finish modi , bjp, mayawati and bsp, he told his supporters.
;;-0.7579;;read | highlights | no one questioned surgical strike like demonetisation: modiearlier this week, addressing a rally in aligarh, modi had attacked the nascent sp-congress alliance saying the bjp storm had forced akhilesh yadav to desperately seek the help of anything, even a pole, to retain power.
;;0.0;;but, on tuesday modi is bringing a kind of company raj in india, rahul alleged.
;;0.3182;;he again levelled allegations against modi that he was favouring a few corporates.
;;0.6124;;read | pm modi targets gandhis and congress for dynasty politicshe asked the gathering if rs 15 lakh as promised by the bjp during the lok sabha poll campaign has been deposited in their accounts and also if the youths got employment as promised by the modi government.
;;0.5267;;the visit of prime minister modi to saudi arabia during april last year added new dimensions to our vibrant relationship, he said.
;;0.5859;;prime minister modi termed the bjps win unprecedented.
;;0.4019;;breaking her silence on why she did not contest against prime minister modi in varanasi, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi on tuesday said that she was advised against the move by the senior leaders of the party.
;;0.0;;the congress then named and repeated its 2014 candidate ajay rai to take on modi once again in varanasi.
;;0.6808;;: priyanka gandhi on govt notice to rahul gandhi on citizenship rowmeanwhile, on april 29, the samajwadi party replaced its candidate, shalini yadav, in favour of dismissed bsf constable tej bahadur yadav to take on pm modi in varanasi.
;;-0.705;;prime minister modi described terrorism as the gravest challenge facing humanity and urged europe to play a lead role in developing an effective global response under the aegis of the un to deal with this menace.
;;-0.7184;;modi, who arrived in berlin on the first leg of his six-day, four-nation tour of germany, spain, russia and france, in an interview to german newspaper handelsblatt said: europe has been hit hard by terrorism.
;;0.3612;;speaking to the countrys leading business daily, modi struck a warning note against moves towards protectionism and called for europe to ensure that the global economy remains open for international trade and free flow of investment and people.
;;0.2023;;modi stressed the importance of india to germany, stating that it was as among the most open and fastest growing major economies in the world.
;;0.4019;;the participants shouted slogans in support of prime minister modi and singh, as they passed the busy sadar bazaar area covering the distance in almost three hours.
;;-0.4215;;this election is being fought for a national cause, and people should vote for a government that can deliver on the promises as has been done by pm modi in the last five years, he said, adding that there was no protests for water, power and other basic amenities during the bjp rule.
;;-0.6597;;when asked about the accusations made by the congress president regarding the poor condition of trade and business in gurgaon, rao said that he was asking votes for his own work and that of pm modi modi.
;;0.7096;;i request the people to come out in large numbers and vote for the bjp to ensure a strong government led by pm modi , he said.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi on friday held talks with us president donald trump and discussed various bilateral and global issues including iran, 5g communications networks, trade and defence ahead of the g-20 summit.
;;0.7964;;modi thanked trump for expressing his love towards india in a letter recently delivered by us secretary of state mike pompeo.
;;0.0;;trump congratulated modi on his election victory and said that the two countries would work together in many areas including military.
;;0.3612;;the two leaders met shortly after the japan-america-india trilateral meeting during which modi highlighted the importance india attaches to the grouping.
;;0.34;;the trump administration wants prime minister modi to lower the trade barriers and embrace fair and reciprocal trade.
;;-0.5574;;also read | india must make the most of the us-china trade war to advance its international agendatrump has also criticised indias high import tariff on the iconic harley davidson motorcycles as unacceptable though acknowledging that his good friend prime minister modi has reduced it from 100 per cent to 50 per cent.
;;-0.296;;does this mean the shiv senas mouthpiece, saamana, will stop targeting the modi government over every issue?
;;0.0;;nda constituents adopted a resolution to contest the 2019 lok sabha elections under the leadership of prime minister modi , at pravasi bhartiya kendra at new delhi.
;;0.0258;;the election commission had written a letter to the president stating that the governor violated the model code of conduct by praising prime minister modi at a meeting with some bjp workers.
;;0.0;;singh, while addressing bjp workers at aligarh had reportedly said that it was necessary for modi to become the prime minister again.
;;0.4774;;this decision by prime minister modi on an otherwise calm november evening is without parallel  legally, as well as in implementation and impact.
;;0.0;;read | shiv sena mouthpiece taunts pm modi on bal thackerays birth anniversarynot one of the stated objectives  black money depletion, corruption reduction and instant digitisation  are remotely near realisation.
;;0.0;;earlier, maharaj was said to be far ahead of his competitors owing to his proximity to modi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.6597;;earlier, campaigning in uttarakhand, modi had promised that he will give the state a good team, which will perform under his direct supervision.
;;-0.6369;;lance naik yagya pratap singh of the army in yet another video surfaced on social media earlier this year alleged harassment by superiors for writing to prime minister modi over the problems faced by the soldiers.
;;-0.0516;;leaders like rajnath singh are misleading prime minister modi , he went on to add, urging the home minister to visit the homes of slain soldiers.
;;0.7579;;this also signals the end of a brief spell of cordial relations between the two ruling allies weeks after thackeray participated in a meeting of the ruling national democratic alliance (nda) convened by prime minister modi and the bjps unconditional support to the sena to win power in the mumbai civic body.
;;0.9618;;andhra pradesh chief minister jagan mohan reddy may have turned down any standing offer of having a deputy speaker from his party but he is clear that he wants a good relationship with prime minister modi and hopes that the pms heart would soften one day to grant the state special category status.
;;-0.1027;;bahujan samaj party chief mayawati, keeping up her attack on prime minister modi on tuesday said, modi governments ship is sinking, as the lok sabha elections 2019 entered the last lap with phase 7 voting scheduled on may 19.
;;-0.5106;;in view of unfulfilled election promises and the public agitation, their swayamsevaks are not being seen putting in the work, it has made modi nervous, the bsp chief tweeted.
;;-0.8807;;watch: mayawati accuses pm modi of doing dirty politics over alwar rape caseprime minister modi on sunday hit out at bahujan samaj party chief mayawati, accusing her of shedding crocodile tears over an alleged gang rape in rajasthans alwar and dared her party to withdraw support from the congress government in that state.
;;-0.8834;;also read:mayawati unfit for public life: jaitley after bsp chiefs attack on pm modihours after his remark, mayawati accused modi of doing dirty politics, and demanded his resignation for incidents of dalit atrocities in the past.
;;0.2263;;prime minister modi on saturday slammed uttarakhands congress government, accusing it of lacking political will for development, and urged the electorate to vote for bjp for the states growth.
;;-0.296;;describing uttarakhand as the land of brave soldiers, modi referred to the surgical strikes and made a veiled attack on congress in that context.
;;0.7717;;modi also spoke of the interest generated in yoga all over the world by the centres promotional efforts and the growing interest of people all over the world to come to uttarakhand to learn yoga.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and senior cabinet ministers also attended the meeting.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will also be in attendance.
;;0.0772;;the meeting between prime minister modi and president xi jinping is expected to be a landmark in bilateral ties, chinas state media said on tuesday, adding the summit could emulate the meeting between rajiv gandhi and deng xiaoping in the late 1980s.
;;0.0;;with the rise to power of prime minister modi in 2014 on a groundswell of hindu nationalism, newly assertive right-wing groups, suspicious of foreign influence and particularly outspoken against large multinationals like monsanto, now hold sway in the government.
;;0.4019;;modi himself first attended rss meetings at the age of 8 and was propelled to power with the groups help.
;;0.4404;;after years of seeking more leverage with monsanto, rao found in the rise of modi and the rss an opportunity to challenge the companys domination of the indian market.
;;0.0;;but modi and his rss backers have differing views about the role of foreign multinationals.
;;0.2732;;in his 13 years as chief minister of the western state of gujarat, modi was an early supporter of genetically modified cotton.
;;-0.4019;;an aide close to modi declined to discuss whether the prime minister had personally intervened in the licensing dispute.
;;0.4019;;after joining the party, deol had said that he was looking forward to working with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8402;;pm modi also met deol on sunday and posted a photo of the meeting along with a message on twitter stating that he was impressed with deols passion for a better india.
;;0.7506;;while it is part of tradition to invite chief ministers having interest in the country of visiting heads of nations, i will be using the opportunity to draw the attention of pm modi on the pressing need for the formulation of national silt policy, he said.
;;0.5859;;the biggest factor behind the bjps win was prime minister modi modi: nothing else can explain why, across states, stalwarts from the opposition bit the dust.
;;-0.4767;;while the partys focus on reaching out to the 220 million beneficiaries of the governments welfare programmes did help its cause, it was its ability to present the contest as a presidential style one with mr modi as its candidate that helped it drown out very real issues such as the agrarian crisis and unemployment.
;;0.4404;;uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat is likely to be asked to speed up governance and adopt a visibly pro-active instance on the bjps policy of zero tolerance against corruption at his meeting with prime minister modi on sunday, bjp insiders said.
;;0.5859;;it will, however, be his second meeting with modi since taking over as the cm a little over a month ago after the bjps landslide win in the assembly polls.
;;0.3182;;along with him, modi would have an interaction with chief ministers of 12 other bjp-ruled states to review the implementation of the centrally supported schemes and projects and delivery in general.
;;-0.4445;;modi, who is eyeing the second term as the pm, doesnt want the bjp to lose its momentum.
;;0.0;;bjp insiders said prime minister modi was obviously concerned and might direct him (rawat) to speed up implementation of all the centrally sponsored schemes.
;;-0.8074;;the shiv sena on monday called the assassination plot against prime minister modi and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis a thrilling horror story and said such threats have the tendency to surface ahead of elections.
;;0.6597;;wishing both modi and fadnavis long lives, the sena said the security cover for both leaders must be increased.
;;-0.4939;;hours after prime minister modi claimed that west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee had not returned his calls to enquire about the damage done to the state by cyclone fani, the firebrand trinamool congress chief responded to the pms charge saying that she could not take the pms call as she was in kharagpur.
;;-0.5859;;watch: frustrated didi jailing those who chant jai sri ram: pm modi slams mamataearlier in the day, the pm had accused the west bengal chief minister of playing politics over the cyclone fani issue.
;;-0.4939;;on sunday, a controversy had erupted over prime minister modi calling up the west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi and asking him for a report on the damage cyclone fani had inflicted in the state.
;;0.0;;attention has been drawn to reports in a section of the media, that the trinamool congress has expressed its displeasure at prime minister modi speaking only to west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi, about the post-fani situation in the state.
;;0.8625;;deepa recently joined the bharatiya janata party (bjp), attributing her decision to join the party to the assistance provided by the nda government under prime minister modi to para-athletes, that resulted in a vast improvement in their performance at the international level.
;;-0.4588;;also read: election commissioner ashok lavasa opts out of meetings on ec code till dissent is recordedlavasa, who disagreed with the poll panels decision to give clean chits to prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah for alleged mcc violations, has decided to recuse himself from all such meetings till the commission includes minority decisions in the final orders.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi addressed the nation in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat today at 11 am.
;;0.4019;;this is the second episode of the radio monologue delivered by pm modi after he led the party to a landslide victory in the lok sabha polls in may this year.
;;0.0;;in the first edition of mann ki baat in june, pm modi urged the citizens to resort to conservation of water, saying that there is a pressing need to make water conservation a mass movement in the country akin to swachh bharat abhiyaan.
;;0.0516;;highlights:11:30 am ist pm assures help from centre to rainfall affected areas pm modi also acknowledged the widespread damage due to heavy rainfall in many parts of india.
;;0.6486;;the movement gained momentum and expanded through peoples support,11:18 am ist pm modi announces quiz competition for kids urging students to participate in a quiz competition, pm modi said, students should participate in this competition, make it interesting, memorable through participation.
;;0.6705;;i encourage all students to join, pm modi.
;;0.9413;;11:10 am ist hope chandrayaan mission will inspire youth: pm modi discussing indias feat in space venture, exhbited recently through chandrayaan-2 mission, pm modi said, i fervently hope that chandrayaan-2 mission will inspire our youth towards science & innovation.
;;-0.5859;;11:08 am ist pm modi praises 10 cancer survivor kids pm modi , through his radio programme praised kids who have defeated cancer and have emerged as survivors.
;;0.3182;;us president donald trump congratulated prime minister modi for his big election victory that put bjp on course to increase its parliamentary majority.
;;0.6249;;great things are in store for the us-india partnership with the return of pm modi at the helm.
;;0.0;;this was of course the programme which prime minister modi had famously caricatured as a living monument to decades of congress misrule.
;;0.0;;former finance minister p chidambaram said on saturday the economic slowdown is real as stated by the governments chief economic adviser arvind subramanian and asked whether prime minister modi and finance minister arun jaitley believed him.
;;0.5173;;the new-look party, riding on pm modi modis vikas purush image, anxiously awaits the political impact of the post-note ban sentiment in ups poll fray where modi is seeking to counter up ke ladke (sp-cong alliance leaders akhilesh yadav and rahul gandhi) saying god liya ladka (adopted son) would do so better than the real one.
;;0.7144;;despite hardships, the poor are backing modi as the intentions are honest.
;;0.4019;;the revivalthe party for the first time would enter into the forthcoming up polls under the leadership of modi and shah, who have, after the partys phenomenal show in 2014 lok sabha, now set their eyes on ending their drought in the most populous state.
;;0.6808;;the app has a three-factor authentication, hence is superior both from a technology standpoint as well as a convenience perspective in comparison to mobile wallets, modi noted.
;;0.8934;;expelled samajwadi party (sp) leader aman mani tripathi, who recently won the nautanwa seat as an independent candidate, showered praise on prime minister modi and bharatiya janata party (bjp) national president, amit shah, in ghaziabad on thursday.
;;0.5859;;pm modi and amit shah encouraged youngsters, which led to an increase in voting percentage.
;;0.8591;;when asked whether his praise for the pm and bjp leaders was because he was expelled from the sp and wanted to join the bjp, he said, i am motivated by pm modi who thought about the development of gorakhpur fertiliser plant that will help in development and also provide employment to the youth in our area.
;;0.3612;;new delhi announced a series of pacts with the uae ranging from defence, trade, maritime cooperation to energy after a meeting between prime minister modi and abu dhabis crown prince sheikh mohamed bin zayed al-nahyan.
;;0.2023;;also read | lok sabha elections 2019: badal to hit campaign trail from patiala on may 5an important seat, prime minister modi addressed a rally here last wednesday, while congress president rahul gandhi campaigned on monday.
;;0.6597;;rathore, the minister of state (independent charge) for information and broadcasting as well as youth affairs and sports, is banking on the trust that people have in modi.
;;-0.4767;;the move comes amid apprehension that black money hoarders may have resorted to virtual currencies and bitcoins to launder their cash prime minister modi initiated the demonetisation drive on november 8.
;;0.0;;6) setting agenda with modi: on march 21, he went to delhi to meet prime minister modi to discuss distribution of portfolios to his ministers.
;;-0.0772;;he also informed the pm modi that mps were lobbying for transfers, postings of officers.
;;0.0;;modi, on march 23, ordered all mps not to interfere in transfers, postings.
;;0.3167;;yet, he feels prime minister modi deserves one more chance for the sake of the country.
;;0.0;;the country needs modi , he says in a philosophical tone as he cycles down on a rugged village road connected with sikandrajamui road.
;;0.34;;please do come to hear pm modi , who is coming to khaira block to address an election rally, pleads chirag with folded hands, as the villagers welcome him with garlands of marigolds.
;;0.4215;;the village appears united in its view that it will vote for modi.
;;-0.3412;;the modi government did not do anything good to the sc community.
;;0.4767;;the incidents over the past three days  in which some dalit outfits were seen venting their ire at prime minister modi and the bjp  have come as a setback to the bjps plans to woo the dalit community.
;;0.0258;;addressing a press conference on key initiatives of her ministry in three years of the modi government, swaraj also described the proposed changes in h1b visas as a matter of concern.
;;0.0129;;the matter will also figure during prime minister modi modis visit to the us, she said, but did not give the date of his travel.
;;-0.296;;there is no decision on modi visiting the maldives.
;;0.9001;;johnson, who won the race within the conservative party to become the countrys next prime minister, is expected to rely on his declared personal connect with prime minister modi to deliver a truly special uk-india relationship.
;;0.0516;;in his letter to the indian diaspora , johnson wrote that during his meeting with modi , he had stressed upon how india and uk were modern democracies and should work together to promote tradeand prosperity.
;;0.0772;;johnson told modi that the two nations should work closely to tackle the challenges that their countries face.
;;0.8225;;2 6:19 pm ist campaign saw pm modi , rahul gandhi among others claiming to be on course to win peoples mandate the campaign saw the principal opponents, prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi, among others, crisscrossing the country and claiming to be on course to win peoples mandate.
;;0.0;;now the opposition shouts, how much has modi brought back.
;;0.5106;;modi, who rode to power in may 2014 promising to fight corruption, was referring to his campaign pledge of bringing back illicit wealth parked abroad.
;;0.0;;you can oppose modi , that is your job, he told the opposition.
;;0.0;;before they handed over their letter to rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu, the four mps - ys chowdary alias sujana chowdary, tg venkatesh, cm ramesh and garikapati mohan rao  also had a brief meeting with prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah in parliament.
;;0.3818;;pm modi to launch river conservation project in madhya pradesh to ensure pollution-free narmadaprime minister modi will today launch the narmada seva mission for the conservation of the crucial river, which is a lifeline of madhya pradesh.
;;0.2732;;three years after he took over as prime minister, modi has done well on this parameter.
;;0.3818;;modi has also emerged as the boldest incumbent prime minister since indira gandhi.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at prime minister modi , the tdp president said modi was a campaign pm and would only talk but not deliver any goods.
;;-0.34;;he explained how modi had betrayed the people of andhra pradesh by going back on the promises he had made before 2014 elections.
;;0.1027;;when prime minister imran khan says that he wants to resolve the main sticking point in bilateral relations, namely kashmir, with prime minister modi before walking into the sco summit at bishkek, it sounds like a stuck record playing a bad rendition of yesterday once more.
;;-0.6705;;the basic move was to undermine the national security narrative built up by pm modi since 2016 uri surgical strikes and damage him electorally in the 2019 elections.
;;-0.5719;;just like armchair strategists who make the fundamental error of trying to understand the bjp leadership using prism of the congress, pakistan first deployed heavily across the line of control (loc) to prevent a uri-repeat as it was convinced that modi will not cross the nuclear rubicon by launching attacks on terror camps located in the pakistani hinterland.
;;-0.5859;;just like the upa-ii backed off from 26/11 retaliation fearing pakistans nuclear button, pakistan army chief qamar bajwa and his protg khan were convinced that modi too will buckle under the fear of its nuclear power and international pressure.
;;0.2146;;the pak gambit not only failed but rebounded on it in the form of an unprecedented electoral mandate for pm modi.
;;0.4019;;rather than harbour pipedreams about kashmir, khan, who dreams of being a mongol khagan, should understand that pm modi takes decisions after much deliberation.
;;0.7269;;khan will be well advised to reverse the downward spiral of pakistans currency against the dollar rather than attempt to create a degree of positive atmospherics by shaking hands with pm modi.
;;-0.25;;the pakistan pm must understand that bjp leaders led by pm modi , rajnath singh and amit shah will not cede even an inch in a debate let alone territory in kashmir.
;;0.1027;;on the occasion of ambedkar jayanti on friday, prime minister modi reached nagpur where he visited a sacred place, deekshabhoomi, closely associated with the dalit icondeekshabhoomi is a sacred buddhist monument where the architect of the indian constituency converted to buddhism on the occasion of ashok vijaya dashami on october 14, 1956.
;;0.6249;;modi offered prayers to the buddha, garlanded the statue of ambedkar and paid his tribute to the great social reformer.
;;0.0;;narendra modi will address the nation from isro control centre today(september 07, 2019) at 0800 hrs ist, isro tweeted.
;;-0.0108;;watch| chandrayaan 2: dont lose heart, says pm modi after vikram lander loses contact during descentvikrams descent was as planned and normal performance was observed up to an altitude of 2.
;;0.34;;back in delhi, the triumvirate of prime minister modi , home minister amit shah and national security adviser ajit doval had gone over their blueprint several times over.
;;0.4019;;the two officials handpicked by prime minister modi were clued in to many of the secret discussions that had preceded the decision to end the special status for jammu and kashmir.
;;0.4767;;but this was probably the first time that the security establishment figured that pm modi was going to go ahead with the plan, and now.
;;0.6597;;article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi , shah and doval orchestrated movestripping jammu and kashmirs special status under the constitution had been a long-articulated stand of the bharatiya janata party.
;;0.0;;in his report to the government after a quick visit to the kashmir valley after article 370 push became public, ajit doval told prime minister modi that the public sentiment on the ground mostly matched their calculations.
;;0.0;;but it was the meeting between prime minister modi with the research and analysis wings new chief samant goel that set the balling rolling this time.
;;0.8481;;the aam aadmi party said before making fresh promises to garner votes at ramlila maidan, modi should speak on the promises he made in 2014.
;;0.7964;;the first rally of prime minister modi , in this assembly election to muster support for ruling shiromani akali dal (sad) - bhartiya janta party (bjp) alliance on january 27 has cost the party rs 28.
;;0.0;;modi had held his second rally in faridkots kotkapura town on january 29.
;;0.5719;;prime minister modi modis stated vision of housing for all is likely to get a push in the union budget on wednesday as the government looks to tap the real estate sector to boost a flagging economy.
;;0.4019;;the prime minister modi in his second mann ki baat, after returning to power, made a special mention of the villages saying it a model for the country on efforts towards water conservation.
;;0.2263;;the snowballing farm protests are a challenge for the bjp and especially prime minister modi who has made the sector a focus and promised to double agricultural incomes by 2022.
;;0.5574;;prime minister modi and president xi jinping will take on the task of rebooting india-china relations during their informal summit in wuhan, reflecting a remarkable turnaround since the military standoff at doklam nearly eight months ago.
;;0.5423;;modi brings a sense of guarded optimism to wuhan about the future of bilateral ties.
;;0.0;;as he set off for china, modi indicated in a series of tweets the focus would be on the strategic and long-term perspective of bilateral relations.
;;0.25;;xi could use the summit to convince modi about his legacy project, the belt and road initiative (bri).
;;0.7579;;students successful in up board examinations, the results of which were declared on saturday, found a special mention in the speeches of prime minister modi and congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra during their rallies in uttar pradesh on saturday.
;;0.8625;;addressing a rally in sitapur district, pm modi offered best wishes to the successful candidates.
;;0.2732;;after completing his visits to the uae and bahrain, modi will jet back to france to attend the outreach session of the g7 summit in biarritz.
;;0.1531;;after his engagements in paris, modi will make a state visit to the uae during august 23-24 and then to bahrain during august 24-25.
;;0.4767;;in the uae, modi will meet the crown prince of abu dhabi, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, to discuss bilateral, regional and international matters of mutual interest, the external affairs ministry said in a statement.
;;0.6249;;modi will also receive the order of zayed, the uaes highest civil decoration that was conferred on him in april for giving a boost to bilateral relations.
;;0.875;;the award is named after sheikh zayed bin sultan al nahyan, the uaes founding father, and acquires special significance as it was awarded to modi in the birth centenary year of sheikh zayed.
;;0.5719;;the king of bahrain, shaikh hamad bin isa al khalifa, will host a banquet dinner in honour of modi , who will also launch the renovation of shreenathji (shree krishna) temple in manama.
;;0.5859;;following these visits, modi will head back to france to participate in the special outreach session of the g7 summit in biarritz during august 25-26.
;;0.2732;;when i interviewed mr. modi in 2007, he claimed and i wrongly accepted, that the courts comment was only obiter dicta.
;;0.4927;;prime minister modi and paytm founder vijay shekhar sharma were the only two indians to make it to an annual list of 100 most influential people in the world this year released by the time magazine on thursday.
;;0.0;;the profile of modi , 66, written by author pankaj mishra, said that in may 2014 - long before trump seemed conceivable as a us president - modi became the prime minister of the worlds largest democracy.
;;0.128;;prime minister modi and bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati on saturday accused the congress of hushing up an alleged gangrape in rajasthans alwar until polling had been held in the constituency, launching a broadside in separate election rallies in uttar pradesh where some areas are yet to vote.
;;-0.7717;;modi also brought up congress leader sam pitrodas hua toh hua (if it happened, it happened) remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, saying it reflected that partys arrogance.
;;0.6597;;prime minister modi and party president amit shah led the bjp campaign; the party has projected b s yeddyuruppa as its chief ministerial face.
;;-0.4404;;bjps bihar leader modi reacted with anger, sending out several tweets denouncing sinha and demanding his expulsion from the party.
;;0.3151;;the star-politicians defence of the two leaders did not go well with modi , who asked the party to show the doors to traitors.
;;-0.4767;;bjps shatru has jumped to the defence of the benami properties of lalu who is not even being defended by nitish kumar, modi tweeted, using one part of the actor-politicians name which translates to enemy.
;;0.6369;;sinha asked prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah to take note of the unparliamentarily utterances of some people against a senior and party loyalist.
;;0.0;;but modi was unrelenting.
;;0.1531;;deputy chief minister tejashwi prasad yadav  facing graft charges -- came in support of sinha to target modi.
;;0.7269;;from bjp rejigging the government and the party to ed attaching assets worth rs 18 crore of zakir naik-led islamic research foundation, here are the top ten news stories to bring you up to date:1) pm modi , amit shah to rejig bjp and govt after budget sessionprime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah are likely to rejig their teams after parliaments budget session ends on april 12.
;;-0.34;;indiaupdated: sep 20, 2019 00:02 istbharatiya janata party mp swapan dasgupta has written to prime minister modi to reconsider the invitation by the west bengal government to inaugurate the deucha panchami coal block in the birbhum district, since there are no studies on the likely social and environmental consequences of the project.
;;-0.4404;;on wednesday, bengal chief minister mamata banerjee had invited pm modi to inaugurate the worlds second largest coal block that has the potential to generate nearly one lakh jobs and is expected to bring in investments to the tune of rs 12,000 crore.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had paid obeisance at the shrine on the opening day.
;;0.0;;the list of star campaigners sent to central leadership, however, does not contain the name of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.6652;;he filed his nomination as an independent candidate against home minister rajnath singh and prime minister modi in lucknow and varanasi in the 2014 lok sabha election but his papers were rejected.
;;-0.296;;lyricist of the theme song of gorakhpur mahotsav titled nath yogi vimal bawra says he will file a defamation case against bollywood singer kailash kher, who had accused bawra of copying his adi yogi tune and lyrics, sung by kher in a programme attended by prime minister modi in coimbatore in february last year.
;;-0.34;;even india, which gave him asylum in 1959, has turned its back, with prime minister modi modis the government reportedly warning officials against attending events featuring him, citing diplomatic sensitivities.
;;0.34;;rain and snowfall may play spoilsport for prime minister modi modis visit to the himalayan shrine of kedarnath on may 3.
;;0.2732;;like prime minister modi had appealed to the well-to-do citizenry to give up the cooking gas subsidy, kejriwal is urging women who can afford to pay for public transport to buy tickets.
;;-0.0258;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 07:43 istas chandrayaan-2s vikram lander lost communication with the ground stations early on saturday just ahead of the soft landing, prime minister modi expressed solidarity with isro scientists.
;;0.7964;;pm modi patted the back of the isro chaiman and said, your effort is commendable and we hope for the best.
;;0.7959;;modi also tweeted: these are moments to be courageous, and courageous we will be!
;;0.2865;;watch| chandrayaan 2: dont lose heart, says pm modi after vikram lander loses contact during descentpm modi will be interacting with the scientists at 8 am, in the backdrop of chandrayaan-2s lander vikram losing contact with ground stations after coming tantalizingly close to making a successful landing.
;;0.0;;along with the scientists from indian space research organisation, pm modi and over 70 students from across the country were at the ground station to witness the landers descent.
;;0.0;;chief minister pinarayi vijayan shot off a letter to the prime minister modi saying the centre cannot prepare the menu and change the food habits of the people.
;;0.1779;;cows are considered holy by many hindus, and have gained in importance since prime minister modi stormed to power in 2014 as several bjp-ruled states enacted strict laws to punish cow slaughter.
;;0.128;;at a press conference on the fourth anniversary of the modi government, bjp president amit shah touted kumars return to the nda as an indication of the growing size of the alliance.
;;0.0;;the comments come days after prime minister modi urged washington to keep an open mind on admitting skilled indian workers.
;;0.3612;;why was not the conversion of old currency notes allowed till march 31, 2017 for indians as assured by prime minister modi in his speech on november 8 announcing demonetisation?
;;0.8519;;nirmala sitharaman (@nsitharaman) september 17, 2019wishes for pm modi from several bjp leaders and people from across the party started pouring since midnight itself as many called him an inspiration and praised his leadership.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi reached ahmedabad late monday night.
;;-0.7845;;during the talks between prime minister modi and french minister for foreign affairs jean-marc ayrault in bengaluru, both leaders had considerable discussions on international terrorism of which the two countries are victims.
;;0.2732;;i spoke about different aspects of our partnership, ayrault told reporters here on the sidelines of a function after his meeting with modi , who was here to attend the 14th edition of the pravasi bharatiya divas, the centres outreach programme for overseas indians.
;;0.0;;one of the oldest living cities in the world, varanasi is also the parliamentary constituency of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.34;;he was ceremonially welcomed by president pranab mukherjee on wednesday and held talks in new delhi with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.3818;;sonia named prime minister modi for making tall promises to the people in 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.3818;;sonia said, prime minister modi had made tall promises to the people.
;;-0.25;;demonetisation and the gst have badly affected small traders while the modi government has provided all the help and government funds to big industries, said sonia.
;;0.0;;this, after all, is the bread and butter of a secular nation and none other than prime minister modi must lead the charge.
;;0.296;;uttar pradeshs outgoing chief minister akhilesh yadav also wasnt able to resist a dig at modi when he called into question an advertisement featuring gujarats wild asses.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on thursday said that india and singapore, which he termed a a bridge between india and south east asia , are building a partnership of our age.
;;0.9022;;modi, who arrived in singapore after meeting his malaysian counterpart mahathir mohammad to personally congratulate him on his stunning election victory, also launched three indian mobile payment apps in singapore, aimed at the wider acceptance of indias digital payment platform outside the country, and also facilitating easier remittances from singapore to india.
;;0.5106;;modi arrived in singapore on the last leg of his three-nation tour  he also visited indonesia  and said that the defence relations between the two countries are among the strongest.
;;-0.0772;;also read: modi in singapore live: digital revolution sweeping india, we have put banking at the reach of poor, says pmpolitical relations between india and singapore are among the warmest and closest.
;;0.4767;;later, at the business, innovation and community event where digital platforms were the main focus, modi launched indias bhim, rupay and the state bank of india apps.
;;-0.8402;;the announcement climaxed a day on which prime minister modi launched a harshly bitter attack against tmc chief and west bengal chief minister mamata banergee on her own turf as the tmc and his bharatiya janata party (bjp) accused each other of orchestrating the violence in kolkata on tuesday.
;;-0.5574;;modi, 68, said banerjee was destroying the bhadralok, or genteel and ethos that west bengal had come to be represent, in an election rally at taki on the indo-bangla border in north 24 parganas district.
;;-0.743;;modi also specifically targeted banerjee over the chit fund scandal in which tens of thousands of small investors lost their life savings and the saradha group collapsed in 2013.
;;-0.25;;prime minister modi and amit shah-led bjp are squarely responsible for systematically damaging the cultural identity of each state in india, spokesperson abhishek manu singhvi told reporters.
;;-0.631;;the congresss incharge for bengal gaurav gogoi said: this is nothing but a covert attempt by pm modi to attack the federal structure of india.
;;0.0;;he said that prime minister modi visited several countries during past three years but not the home of even a single farmer.
;;0.6369;;dhumals oratorical skillsformer himachal pradesh cm prem kumar dhumal was at his oratorical best at parivartan rally at the historic ridge maidan in shimla that was also addressed by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7003;;he also praised prime minister modi modis leadership and said as the chief minister, he had helped win around 120 seats, and now with him as the prime minister, the party can look to bag at least 150 of the 182 assembly seats in the state.
;;0.5859;;he is banking on development and prime minister modi and raje to win lok sabha polls again.
;;0.4939;;under the initiatives of modi and raje governments, kota-jhalawar nh (52) was four-laned and 80-km stretch was made cement-concrete.
;;0.0;;the initiatives of prime minister modi and former chief minister vasundhara rajes have led to the development of jhalawar-baran parliamentary constituency.
;;0.6486;;i should get another term for not only pursuing further development of my constituency but also hand another tenure to pm modi.
;;0.6705;;however, the current tenure in parliament was special when i got the opportunity to witness functioning of the pm modi and his government.
;;0.0;;it was the leadership of modi and raje which facilitated development and infrastructural projects in jhalawar constituency.
;;0.0;;i would seek vote from the people of my constituency on the development works carried out by pm modi and former cm raje; people would vote for development.
;;0.4215;;like every other bjp candidate, i want to see modi as prime minister again.
;;-0.7506;;classic examples would be the jems pathankot air base attack on january 1, 2016, which was planned on christmas day when prime minister modi reached lahore, to the mysterious bombing in kandahar on january 10, where five top uae diplomats were killed.
;;-0.9423;;prime minister modi has said that the pulwama terror attack has proved indias stand that pakistan was in the business of exporting terror to india and that the world was now standing beside india in its fight against terror.
;;-0.1779;;the world has seen that modi has taken initiatives to shake hands.
;;-0.296;;fortunately, the cost modi has to face up to is different although no less drastic.
;;-0.6597;;this still left mr modi caught between the devil and the deep blue sea.
;;0.8686;;i wish mr modi had been a little bolder but im thankful he wasnt more timid.
;;-0.8402;;apsc was de-recognised by iit madras after the union human resources development ministry forwarded a complaint by some students, accusing the group of fomenting hatred against prime minister modi and instigating protests against the centres policies by distributing provocative pamphlets and posters on the campus.
;;-0.5574;;outside parliament, the congress has been consistently attacking the bjp on the issue, alleging that after demonetisation, the modi government is now trying to impose a ban on the freedom to think independently.
;;-0.891;;this came a day after prime minister modi attacked the congress in rajya sabha saying it had insulted the voters by questioning the reliability of evms.shiv senas sanjay raut raised the issue during the question hour in the rajya sabha and asked the government about the complaints that had been received about the discrepancies in evms. he asked whether there has been a mismatch regarding voter turnout and votes polled data on evms.union law minister ravi shankar prasad said there were no discrepancies.
;;0.4767;;the winners will be felicitated by prime minister modi on april 14 at nagpur on the occasion of ambedkar jayanti.
;;0.4215;;besides prime minster modi and his cabinet colleagues, a bevy of cine and tv stars, including hema malini, sunny deol, jackie shroff and smiriti irani would be campaigning, he told ht.
;;0.4019;;these fringe groups became active after the bjp-led government under prime minister modi took over at the centre.
;;-0.0772;;governors rule should be imposed in kashmir, said bjp leader subramanian swamy last week, even as the chief minister arrived in new delhi to meet prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;many believed the meeting between prime minister modi and the jammu and kashmir chief minister was held primarily to discuss the strained relationship between the two parties in the light of a statement made by ram madhav, the bjps pointsman on kashmir.
;;-0.3818;;after her meeting with modi , the chief minister spoke of how she told the prime minister to review the indus water treaty, considering that kashmir is losing rs 20,000 crore every year.
;;-0.6597;;prime minister modi has taken serious note of the recurring water crisis in uttarakhand and has directed the state government to initiate measures for conservation and storage of rainwater so that it can be used during the summer months.
;;0.0;;modi has also suggested that the state government involve gram panchayats and other grassroots level organisations in conservation efforts.
;;0.5719;;conservation and storage of rainwater are needed so that maximum use of the precious resource is possible, modi has suggested in a letter to chief minister trivendra singh rawat.
;;0.128;;on january 22, 2015, prime minister modi launched beti bachao, beti padhao (b3p) drive from panipat exhorting the state to wake up.
;;-0.296;;kotkapura is prime minister modi modis next and last stop in the state before it heads for polls on february 4.
;;0.8555;;akalis pin hopes on pmas he campaigns for a third win, kotkapura sitting akali dal mla mantar singh brar is hoping the sacrilege ire will be countered by modi.
;;0.4767;;mine is a hindu-dominated seat, who respect pm modi and his agenda of development, brar says.
;;0.0;;the youth volunteers are themselves paying for fuel of their motorcycles and joining me from one village to another, kultar says, adding, many premis (followers of dera sacha sauda) are also with us and even hindus are not with modi.
;;0.4215;;the decision to declare the irf unlawful was approved in a cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister modi on tuesday.
;;0.6124;;25 pm: aiadmk general secretary sasikala thanks pm modi for ensuring the conduct of jallikattu.
;;0.0;;all efforts are being made to fulfil the cultural aspirations of tamil people, prime minister modi said on twitter.
;;0.5423;;bjp, playing catch up after sena released its social media campaign a day earlier, also issued posters on occasion of national voters day that headlined fadnavis and prime minister modi with party president amit shah, state president raosaheb danve and city unit chief asish shelar also featuring in the background.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister modi must be cautioned against using words that were threatening, intimidating in content and a public warning against the leaders of the congress, former prime minister manmohan singh and several leaders of the main opposition party have said in a letter to president ram nath kovind.
;;0.0772;;modi reportedly warned congress president rahul gandhi and united progressive alliance chairperson sonia gandhi not to cross the limits of public decorum or else they would have to pay for it.
;;0.4019;;chief minister raghubar das on friday hammered the opposition parties for carrying the sole agenda of modi hatawo (remove modi) saying their corrupt leaders know that some of them will go to hotwar and some to tihar jails in ranchi and new delhi if modi were voted to power again.
;;0.2263;;he added that the prime minister modi in early this year had laid foundations of several irrigational projects worth rs 1059 crore in drought prone palamu.
;;0.0;;he is facing the bjp led by modi modi.
;;-0.765;;he accused prime minister modi of creating trouble in kashmir and said: it is all because of hitler modi that we smell war over kashmir.
;;-0.3612;;ahmad said that modi sees pakistan as the only obstacle in the way of indias hegemonic designs in the region and beyond.
;;-0.5719;;it is because of modi that kashmir is on the brink of destruction today, he added.
;;0.0;;he will then call on prime minister modi before leaving for osaka the next day for the g20 summit.
;;0.2732;;while much focus in the recent past has been on bilateral trade issues, both sides are committed to working out a win-win formula under the directions of pm modi and president donald trump post their bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the summit in japan.
;;-0.5574;;the modi government, however, is worried that the growing escalation between the us and iran could lead to problems for its nine million-strong expat population in the gulf as well as lead to disruption in its oil supplies, 60  of which come from west asia, a third official said.
;;0.5106;;the modi government is also concerned over the targeting of oil tankers in the persian gulf, and wants that the sea lanes of communication are free of any unilateral action by either side.
;;0.0;;apart from this, the plan for pm modi going for a bilateral with president trump in washington in september and the latter coming to india late december or early january 2020 are also on cards, said one of the official cited above.
;;0.0;;us commerce secretary wilbur ross, who is planning to visit india, has urged the modi government to carry out reforms that will open up the indian economy and market for american companies.
;;0.2023;;the us official was in india just before the lok sabha elections during which he met prime minister modi and top indian government officials.
;;0.0263;;4 percent, despite the pain caused by prime minister modi modis shock crackdown on cash.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister modi made it a point to speak about the importance of countering terrorism in what amounted to indias inaugural address as an sco member.
;;-0.5574;;he must talk to prime minister modi and introduce an ordinance to circumvent the 2014 ban on bullock cart racing, said shiv sena mp shivajirao adhalrao patil.
;;0.296;;india is expected to hammer out a rs 39,000-crore deal with russia for s-400 triumf air defence missile systems this october when prime minister modi and president vlamidir putin meet in new delhi for the annual summit between the two countries, top government officials tracking the deal said on condition of anonymity.
;;0.0;;the iga for the $2-billion deal was inked at a summit-level meeting between modi and putin in goa two years ago.
;;0.4019;;she has also begged prime minister modi for help.
;;0.3612;;like the bjps campaign, the lyrics of his song also revolve around prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;sabe bhag jai jab modia aai (aunt, cousin and pappus mother will run away when modi arrives), sings saini before the gathering mostly comprising youngsters wearing shades of saffron.
;;0.5267;;a pmo source said verma  a 1979-batch indian police service (ips) officer  was selected by a three-member committee comprising prime minister modi , chief justice js khehar and congress leader mallikarjun kharge.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 01:22 istsenior congress leaders jairam ramesh, abhishek manu singhvi and shashi tharoor have all said that demonising prime minister modi could be counterproductive.
;;-0.4767;;he said that always demonising modi is wrong as he is the pm of the nation, and acts should be judged on the basis of issues not on the basis of the person.
;;-0.2263;;this, he added, will add credibility to the oppositions criticisms whenever modi errs.
;;0.4019;;given the seniority of the leaders putting forward this alternative view within the party, questions are being asked whether this signals a re-think within the congress on how to tackle modi.
;;0.0;;he alleged that chief minister kejriwal is not concerned about ground realities, and focuses his entire attention to defame prime minister modi and his government.
;;-0.5994;;in 2011, when modi was chief minister, the state government had imposed a complete ban on slaughtering and transportation of cow and progeny by amending the gujarat animal preservation act, 1954.
;;0.4939;;us president donald trump called prime minister modi on monday to congratulate him on his recent state election victories, white house press secretary sean spicer told reporters at a daily briefing.
;;0.0;;this was the third publicly known phone conversation between modi and trump after latters victory in us presidential elections last november.
;;0.0;;the bjp will follow the only agenda given by prime minister modi in this election, and that is sab ka saath sab ka vikas (development for all).
;;0.2732;;according to observers, gandhi referred to prime minister modi modis new fitness video posted on twitter and asked if others had seen it.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 11, 2019 17:52 istexternal affairs minister s jaishankar arrived in beijing on sunday on a key three-day visit to hold talks with the chinese leadership on a host of issues including finalisation of arrangements for president xi jinpings visit to india later this year for the second informal summit with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4019;;the visit of jaishankar, the first indian minister to tour china after the modi government began its second term, is also taking place in the aftermath of indias decision to revoke special status to jammu and kashmir and its division into two union territories -jammu and kashmir, and ladakh.
;;0.0;;modi and xi set the bilateral relations back on track with their first-ever informal summit last year at wuhan after a 73-day standoff at doklam between the two militaries in 2017.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi on monday said the oppositions mission mahamilavat is keen to form a khichdi government at the centre, the strings of which will remain in the hands of the congress.
;;-0.3089;;they are just not interested in the development of those areas where they do not see their votebank, modi alleged.
;;-0.3818;;without taking the name of former jharkhand chief minister madhu koda -- who has been charged with cases of money laundering and coal scam -- modi took a swipe at the congress for supporting a tainted politician.
;;0.0;;gandhi had then remarked that the court had said chowkidar chor hai (the watchman is a thief), repeating a slogan that gandhi and the congress have used to target prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1531;;to a question on the middle class apparently distancing itself from the modi government, he said the centre has been working while keeping in mind benefits of all sections of society and a propaganda was being spread that the middle class has turned away from the bjp.
;;0.4767;;shah also highlighted the benefits and achievements of various schemes launched during the four-year rule of the nda government at the centre led by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4767;;shah took a jibe at former prime minister manmohan singh, saying when he used to go on foreign tours, nobody knew about it but when pm modi goes abroad, he is welcomed by people of those countries and indians based there.
;;0.0258;;a first-of-its-kind liveability index that rates 113 indian cities on various social, physical, economic and governance indicators is likely to be released by prime minister modi soon, senior government officials familiar with the matter said on monday.
;;0.6486;;ht had first reported naidus formula to improve the oppositions chances of getting an invite from the president in case the election results on may 23 are wildly different from the prediction by multiple exit polls that prime minister modi will get a second term.
;;0.0;;the 55-year-old father of two daughters is still awaiting replies to letters written to prime minister modi , finance minister arun jaitley and the reserve bank of india.
;;0.0;;we have raised our bar after 2014 (when modi became the pm).
;;0.0;;and under the guidance of prime minister modi , we will be able to do all this in four years.
;;0.0;;but you are talking about modi and nationalism.
;;0.0;;(narendra) modi is our policy.
;;0.0;;narendra modi is the name of our policy on zero-tolerance to corruption and non-performance.
;;0.4019;;ahead of the second phase of elections in uttar pradesh, senior samajwadi party leader azam khan generated some heat by calling prime minister modi a maha thug (super conman) and the shahi imam of jama masjid, syed ahmed bukhari bikau (purchasable).
;;0.0;;modi is nothing but a maha thug.
;;-0.1154;;prime minister modi may be the pm, but in the electoral battlefield, he is just another leader campaigning hard for his party.
;;-0.128;;despite ecs guidelines, mr modi has repeatedly used the balakot strikes and the valour of the armed forces in his campaign for political advantage.
;;0.3818;;mr modi also sought to portray rahul gandhis choice of wayanad as a second seat as dictated by its minority-dominated demography, a clear statement that seeks to reinforce divisions in society.
;;0.3818;;in a record-setting session of parliament, modi government managed to clear several laws.
;;0.4215;;earlier this week, prime minister modi told german chancellor angela merkel that india will stay in the accord, irrespective of what the united states does.
;;0.1027;;the cabinet, headed by prime minister modi , has given its go ahead to the retention of percentage-based regime of disability pension implemented post the 6th cpc, which the 7th pay panel report had recommended be replaced by a slab-based system.
;;0.4939;;nilangekar, who had contested on a bjp ticket against his grandfather and former cm shivaji patil nilangekar, took the decision inspired by prime minister modi , who is against dynasty politics.
;;0.4927;;prime minister modi and sharma were the only two indians to make it to an annual list of 100 most influential people in the world this year released by the time magazine.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi on tuesday night reached madrid in spain, the second leg of his six-day, four-nation tour in europe.
;;0.5984;;landed in spain, marking the start of a very important visit aimed at improving economic and cultural relations with spain, modi tweeted.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi arrives in madrid, first visit by an indian prime minister in nearly three decades, is received by spanish fm in a special gesture, said gopal baglay, spokesperson for the ministry of external affairs in a tweet.
;;0.0516;;#watch prime minister modi reaches madrid in spain, on the second leg of his six-day, four-nation tour pic.
;;0.3612;;before leaving for spain, modi on tuesday paid a courtesy call to german president frank-walter steinmeier at his official residence in berlin.
;;0.0;;modi met steinmeier at castle bellevue, the scenic official residence of the german president located in berlins tiergarten district on the banks of the river spree, and signed the visitors book before being given a tour of the castle.
;;0.7906;;also read: would have loved to contest against pm modi: shatrughan sinhathose who joined krishnam at the meeting included swamy namdev tyagi, popularly known as computer baba and a number of other saints and senior congress leaders.
;;0.0;;we never knew prime minister modi will become a chowkidar.
;;0.9287;;the bharatiya janata party won stunning election victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand on saturday, a personal triumph for prime minister modi that could now ensure his partys near-domination of politics in india.
;;0.7845;;for prime minister modi , who staked his personal reputation on a high-octane campaign in uttar pradesh, winning the politically crucial state will boost his chances for a second term in the national elections in 2019.
;;0.296;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi congratulated modi on twitter, saying his partys fight to win the hearts and minds of the people would, however, continue.
;;0.3612;;modi tweeted back within minutes: thank you long live democracy.
;;0.0;;but few political pundits foresaw the scale of the bjps victory in uttar pradesh, where modi staked his personal reputation on a high-octane campaign.
;;0.2732;;in a state where people tend to vote along traditional caste and religious lines, and successive governments exploited communal divisions to fire up their base, modi expanded his appeal among a cross section of castes and sub-castes that traditionally voted for the samajwadi party and bahujan samaj party.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has fixed a target to eradicate tb from the country by 2025, five years ahead of the sustainable development goals.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister modi is approaching the wuhan summit with chinese president xi jinping with an open mind without the diplomatic encumbrances of the past, south block and pmo officials said, attributing this to the fact that the chinese leader came across as reasonable and without the legacy of deep state that most chinese leaders do at the 2017 xiamen brics summit, held immediately after the resolution of the doklam stand-off between the two countries.
;;0.7922;;there are indications that prime minister modi will continue his efforts, started in september 2014 in ahmedabad, to improve relationships with president xi despite the fear of another pla incursion like that in chumar (soon after the modi-xi meeting) this time around also.
;;-0.4767;;since taking over as pm, modi has made it a point to keep in touch with world leaders at a personal level, and particularly with president xi as he believes the only gainer out of poor india-china relationship is pakistan, analysts said.
;;0.5267;;president xi, on his part, has also positively responded whether it was resolution of chumar in 2014 or doklam in 2017 after pm modi personally intervened, the analysts added.
;;0.765;;china watchers says that in times of global volatility with the us and russia locking horns and beijing being bypassed on north korea by us president donald trump, it is in the interest of both pm modi and president xi to have an honest strategic conversation which clears the bilateral air.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi addressed the nation in the 31st edition of the monthly radio address mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;11:00 am: pm modi starts the address.
;;0.0;;the aligarh constituency is set for lok sabha elections and prime minister modi has already addressed a mega rally at numaish maidan which is not new to public meetings.
;;0.6808;;earlier, prime minister modi said india supports connectivity projects that are inclusive, transparent and respect territorial sovereignty.
;;-0.2617;;modi did not have a bilateral meeting with pakistan president mamnoon hussain during the summit but the two leaders did shake hands after a joint press conference of all the member states.
;;-0.7351;;modi spoke about how terrorism had affected afghanistan, an observer country in the sco.
;;0.34;;besides discussions with his indian counterpart s jaishankar, pompeo will meet prime minister modi and national security adviser ajit doval, people familiar with the developments said.
;;0.6124;;uttarakhand was the land of yoga and prime minister modi must be credited for making the world realise its importance, rawat said at a yoga session presided over by yoga guru ramdev at ongcs ambedkar stadium here.
;;-0.8074;;the opposition has also accused the election commission of india (ec) of ignoring violations by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister modi has lost the plot.
;;-0.2732;;the misinformation became so deep-rooted that even prime minister modi had to assure tribal voters in west singhbhum during the 2019 lok sabha election campaigns that no one would acquire their land.
;;0.2732;;among those who greeted karunanidhi on his birthday, were prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi, west bengal chief minister mamta bannerjee.
;;-0.4215;;interacting with media persons, choudhary, also congress national secretary, said union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan in the presence of mp modi , announced that the work on the 500 crore project would be started from the next day but until now there is no activity visible on the ground.
;;-0.3612;;choudhary alleged that just like state chief minister vasundhara raje, pm modi , too, has betrayed the people of rajasthan in the name of the refinery.
;;0.0;;he further alleged that pm modi too had made tall claims, saying that his government does not believe in laying foundation stones while claiming that the project work would be completed by 2022.
;;-0.6124;;he alleged that modi has behaved in the same manner as that of raje, saying that that earlier raje had betrayed the people of the state by intentionally delaying the project for four years and now modi has misled the people.
;;0.0;;cook met prime minister modi last may to talk about its plans to enter the indian manufacturing and retail space.
;;0.8074;;talking to the media on projection of the results, pashupati nath singh thanked the voters for showing confidence in him as well as the policies of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the two companies used the photograph of prime minister modi in full-page print advertisements contravening the prior permission stipulated under law, he said.
;;-0.5574;;punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh on monday criticised prime minister modi for his corrupt number 1 remark on former premier rajiv gandhi and said that the pm has hit a new low of pettiness.
;;-0.7627;;modi must be ashamed for making such comments for a person who had sacrificed his life and also because there is a tradition in the indian society that we never speak ill of a person who is no more, captain amarinder said an election rally in khatkar kalan, about 100 km northwest of chandigarh,he said the pm had lost all sense of decency and proportion in his election campaign and has reduced it to a mockery of public norms.
;;0.2392;;also read: karma awaits you: rahul gandhi hits back at pm modi over remarks against his fatherhe also referred to the 2016 police firings in kotkapura and behbal kalan on protesters after the infamous bargari sacrilege incident and said people have been asking why former chief minister parkash singh badal and his son sukhbir singh badal have not been arrested so far.
;;-0.3818;;the uncertainty that surrounds the consequences of gst is arguably the single greatest political danger facing prime minister modi as he begins his fourth year in office.
;;0.0;;the guest list for the wedding included prime minister modi , sports minister vijay goel, railway minister suresh prabhu, sportspersons such as sachin tendulkar, virender sehwag, deepa karmakar, deepa malik and bollywood celebrities such as randeep hooda.
;;-0.7003;;accusing the bjp-led nda government of targeting dalits and other minorities, gujarat mla and dalit leader jignesh mevani on friday said prime minister modi must articulate his stand on the violence against dalits in maharashtras koregaon.
;;0.25;;the dalit leader, who was recently elected to the gujarat assembly, said on one hand, modi paid tributes to dalit icon br ambedkar and talked about his legacy, while on the other, atrocities against the so-called lower castes were being perpetrated.
;;0.0;;the main event in india, to be led by prime minister modi , will be held in ranchis prabhat tara ground.
;;0.6597;;prime minister modi kept hopes alive for early signing of the teesta pact after a 90-minute meeting with his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina, who is on a four-day visit to india, her first since the bjp government came to power.
;;0.2263;;in 2015, modi signed a historic land border pact with dhaka, removing a major irritant and infusing a new warmth between the two countries that share a 4,097 kilometre-long porous border.
;;0.4767;;we are a long-standing and trusted development partner of bangladesh, modi added.
;;-0.2212;;the opinion piece said that so far no silver lining has yet emerged on the border dispute with modi taking strong positions on foreign policy.
;;0.3291;;but the consolidation of power could give modi the power to take decisive steps, the article indicated.
;;0.4215;;this is not the first time that chinese state media has said that the border dispute could be resolved with india under modi , especially in the lead-up to his win at the centre in 2014.
;;0.6369;;no silver lining has yet emerged and modi demonstrated his firm stance over the issue by celebrating diwali, indias biggest holiday, with soldiers at the sino-indian border, it said.
;;0.3995;;the newspaper said that modi has changed indias previous attitude of trying never to offend anyone and started to take clear stands in controversial issues among other nations.
;;-0.4767;;in his last two major political speeches, congress president rahul gandhi named and targeted prime minister modi for attack 99 times over a stretch of 65 minutes.
;;-0.296;;the aggression with which gandhi assailed modi personally, congress leaders say, reflects a conscious shift in strategy.
;;0.0;;until a year ago, the congress had treaded cautiously in referring to modi.
;;0.802;;at the same time, the opposition party is focusing the narrative on corruption, a plank on which modi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led national democratic alliance (nda) rode to victory over the congress-led united progressive alliance (upa) in 2014.
;;-0.4588;;in the last two rallies in delhi, gandhi has been unrelenting in attacking modi.
;;0.3182;;launching a save the constitution campaign from new delhis talkatora stadium on april 23, gandhi mentioned modi by name 47 times in a 30-minute speech, attacking him on a range of issues, from his silence on the issue of corruption to the alleged atrocities committed on dalits, women and minorities.
;;-0.7506;;gandhi spoke for nearly 35 minutes and mentioned modi 52 times, targeting him for his silence over alleged corruption, for the failure to mention last years doklam standoff in his informal summit with chinese president xi jinping, for unkept pre-poll promises and recent incidents of rape in different parts of the country, including unnao and kathua.
;;0.0;;congress leaders now say that modi needs to be held accountable since he is the be all and end all of this government, with the bjp itself gradually becoming redundant compared to the pm.
;;0.34;;this is a clear deviation from the past when the congress would avoid modi personally, out of concern that the move may backfire and that modi could twist the situation to his advantage.
;;0.0;;in 2007, the then congress president sonia gandhis maut ke saudagar (merchants of death) barb against modi , who was then the gujarat cm, boomeranged in the assembly elections that year.
;;-0.2732;;sanjay kumar of the delhi-based centre for the study of developing societies termed it a bad strategy, delhi-based analyst n bhaskara rao said gandhi has no option but to take on modi directly and emerge as his main challenger in the next lok sabha elections.
;;0.6474;;they know modi is the big vote-catcher for the bjp and want to puncture his image but at the same time he remains the most popular leader of the country.
;;0.765;;there is a strong belief that modi is an honest man and implicating him in corrupt practices might backfire, he said.
;;0.6249;;while modi is a great strategist, rahul is trying to catch up.
;;0.0;;to be organised by the ministry of information and broadcasting, the event is likely to be inaugurated by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.25;;lalit modi , the former chairman of the indian premier league (ipl) and presently on a self-imposed exile, has resigned as the president of the nagaur district cricket association (ndca) late on friday night.
;;0.0516;;(ind v sl third test live score)lalit modi shared a three-page letter of his resignation on his twitter page, written to the ceo of the board of control for cricket in india (bcci), rahul johri.
;;-0.4767;;modi resigning from cricket administration makes no difference to the bcci.
;;-0.8225;;due to the involvement of modi , who is accused of more than two dozen cases of money laundering, financial irregularities and also criminal cases against him, rca was banned by the indian cricket board.
;;0.0;;announcing his exit from cricket administration, modi wrote in the letter, i feel that the time is now ripe to pass on the baton to the next generation.
;;-0.4497;;co/eye4oxezni  ruchir modi (@ruchirlmodi) august 11, 2017lalit modi had competed in the rca elections in june this year but lost to congress person cp joshi.
;;0.0;;, wrote modi in his letter.
;;0.0;;2/2  ruchir modi (@ruchirlmodi) august 11, 2017lalit modi added, i would, therefore, request you to release the funds due to rca as soon as possible.
;;0.0;;read: modi replaces gandhi in khadi udyog stationery, workers to hold silent protestlegally, as the article says, the last is correct, but realistically, there are very few khadi centres that still make handspun, handwoven khadi.
;;0.7906;;(drshailesh pinto)birds of wuhanas luck would have it, just before prime minister modi landed in wuhan for the grand summit, an indian birder was exploring the avian wonders of that central china city poised at the confluence of the yangtze and hanshui rivers.
;;-0.8979;;he alleged that the sit formed by prime minister modi to probe the remaining cases of 1984 anti-sikh riots had proved a hoax and it was used to give clean chit to criminals and leaders of congress and bjp involved in the killings of sikhs.
;;0.0;;modi had formed sit to pre-empt formation of sit by aap government in delhi.
;;0.7845;;in the run-up to elections earlier this year, prime minister modi announced a flurry of ambitious programs to win over voters.
;;0.0;;the development comes barely two weeks after jamia vice-chancellor najma akhtar met prime minister modi and discussed the need for a medical college.
;;0.3818;;pm modi had assured the university of all assistance required in setting up a medical college-cum-hospital, an official privy to the matter said.
;;-0.7003;;addressing a press conference here during the day, dongwimsai demanded that prime minister modi and union minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju initiate a cbi inquiry into her husbands death.
;;0.0;;going cashless is the new mantra of the government, though prime minister modi had initially projected his demonetisation measure  banning higher denomination currency  as a drive against black money.
;;-0.7351;;addressing a press conference here, jakhar, who is also gurdaspur mp, said the arrogance of prime minister modi and amit shah had been crushed by the results of recent bypolls in uttar pradesh and the congress performance in gujarat and karnataka.
;;-0.4767;;the war of words between the congress and the bjp over prime minister modi equating selling pakodas with employment opportunities offered by the government has taken a strange turn in the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc).
;;0.8225;;bambawales statement comes days after prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping agreed at the informal summit in wuhan in central china to take steps aimed at strengthening communications and building trust between the militaries of india and china.
;;0.0;;a case was registered at the kotwali police station here on thursday against bihar minister abdul jalil mastan for allegedly asking a crowd at a public rally to hit the photograph of prime minister modi with shoes.
;;-0.7269;;earlier, a video clip showing mastan calling his supporters to punish modi had kicked up a controversy, with a fuming bjp demanding his dismissal from the nitish kumar cabinet.
;;-0.5994;;if his cabinet and party colleagues were actually falling out of line, one public rebuke from prime minister modi and  in the unlikely event of their persisting with hate rhetoric  dismissal from senior office, could easily put an end to all hate utterances and campaigns.
;;-0.3612;;barely a week after prime minister modi asked bjp leaders at the partys national executive meeting not to seek tickets for their relatives in the assembly elections in five states, he chose to ignore his own words.
;;0.1406;;the bjps election committee meeting on january 15 which modi attended agreed to give tickets to relatives of several veterans who hold sway in their area, but are not in the race this time.
;;0.4019;;several such women met up minister for women and family welfare rita bahuguna joshi on tuesday to express their support for bjps stand on abolition of triple talaq, an issue that prime minister modi had flagged ahead of the up polls in october.
;;0.0;;the statue was inaugurated by prime minister modi during his visit here in november 2015 following a campaign by patil, who graduated in 1993 from gulbarga university in karnataka, moved to britain and went on to hold various positions in the london council of lambeth, including as mayor.
;;-0.6597;;amid the row, the congress hit out at the bjp, saying its mask has fallen off and that minorities were being intimidated under the modi government.
;;0.7506;;party leader shaina nc said prime minister modi has made it clear that there is no space in a free and elected democratic society for people who choose to be the so-called moral custodians.
;;0.0;;he will call on prime minister modi before meeting external affairs minister s jaishankar over a working lunch on wednesday.
;;0.8591;;the state department document tracked the growing ties, noting that both president donald trump and prime minister modi are firmly committed to accelerating the upward trajectory of this partnership; that the two countries were moving quickly to achieve our shared vision for a free, open, and rules-based indo-pacific region.
;;0.4404;;it added: there is enormous potential to grow our trade relationship and create the high-quality jobs that prime minister modi wants if india lowers trade barriers and embraces fair and reciprocal trade.
;;0.0;;but lodhi, a farmer who belongs to the lodh community, still vouches for prime minister modi and says the five- month-old congress government in the state has done little to waive his mounting farm loans.
;;-0.2023;;a group of tribal daily wage earners at a tea stall said the modi government has not helped them.
;;0.4019;;at the bjp office in damoh, party functionary pintu thakur says, people will vote for modi.
;;-0.0772;;they know modi is working for the poor people and, sooner or later, the remaining beneficiaries will get their dues.
;;0.6517;;we appealed to them to support prime minister modi without any fear, he said.
;;0.8481;;he agreed that the sentiment is inspired by prime minister modi modis promise to ensure all-round development in the state.
;;-0.1531;;modi had also warned of legal action against those running the congress government for their involvement in corruption.
;;0.4019;;he also rubbished the congress allegations that pm modi reduced himself to being the bjps chief ministerial candidate with the way he went about campaigning for his party in the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi met a delegation of uk-based sikhs during his visit here in november 2015.
;;0.8519;;the personal website of prime minister modi was unveiled with a major revamp on thursday, recounting not only the achievements of his government but also anecdotes from his childhood when he often celebrated both hindu and muslim festivals.
;;0.4767;;narendra modi had a wide range of friends from all the communities.
;;0.9169;;as a child he often celebrated both hindu and muslim festivals considering the large number of muslim friends he had in the neighbourhood, it mentioned, adding that these formative years left a strong imprint on modi modi.
;;0.4767;;the portal also gives detailed comparisons on the achievements of the government and how the situation has improved in different sectors, calling modi as the man with the midas touch.
;;0.1531;;the atmosphere in gujarat as well as india was very volatile when modi was cutting his teeth as an activist.
;;-0.8074;;while rahul focused on farmers, youth and the poor, his main target of attack was prime minister modi for demonetisation, taking recourse to politics of hatred and failure to keep promises of creating jobs.
;;0.6249;;prime minister modi lauded the successful test of interceptor missile on saturday and used the occasion to take a dig at opponents, saying they would now have to travel very high if they want proof of it.
;;0.1027;;addressing an election rally in badaun, modi congratulated the scientists for developing the defence system.
;;-0.0258;;the issue assumes significance as prime minister modi had hit out at the sp government last month, saying there should be no discrimination in allotment of land for final rites.
;;0.0;;7:10 am ist pm modi urges voters to come out in large numbers requesting all those voting in todays fifth phase of the 2019 lok sabha elections to do so in large numbers.
;;0.7184;;i hope my young friends turnout in record numbers, tweeted prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5423;;modi ki sarkartravelling on the ground, it is astonishing to see the admiration modi evokes.
;;0.6858;;the enthusiasm for demonetisation in itself subsided in subsequent months, but the faith in modi did not.
;;0.6705;;it was an emotional connect they had with modi , it was just deep and abiding faith that the man meant well, and the man would transform india and up.
;;0.714;;and when modi made this his election, campaigning intensively, promising to the people that if the government at the centre and the state was the same, this faith only seems to have doubled.
;;0.5986;;in january, we had heard even modi supporters make a distinction between a bada and chhota election, a national and a state election, and how winning the latter may not be easy.
;;0.5927;;modi ran delhi, but up voters believed he could  sitting in delhi  also run lucknow, and run lucknow better than the local contenders in the race.
;;0.0;;we saw this when modi himself, couched under the framework of non-discrimination, brought up diwali and ramzan, kabristan and shamshanghat.
;;0.5719;;the report, however, speaks about an unprecedented political joint venture, which involves the likely announcement of a us-india trade deal at the same time, or a little before, with modi and trump celebrating together on september 22 at the community summit of indian americans.
;;0.6486;;also read: modi-trump meet: ties on track, but need care | analysisthe political managers of the leaders of the two biggest democracies have apparently been in touch since modi and trump met in biarritz, france on the sidelines of the g-7 summit on august 26.
;;0.0;;, the community event to be addressed by pm modi , has been sold out with over 50,000 people registering for the programme, the organisers said.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi is scheduled to visit the us next month to attend the united nations general assembly on september 27, prior to which he will travel to houston to meet the leading businesses, political and community leaders here in houston, the fourth largest city with a population of over 130,000 indian-americans.
;;0.4939;;the report described jindal, the head of jsw group, as a close friend of prime minister modi and said the meeting was believed to be part of back channel diplomacy to arrange a meeting between sharif and modi on the margins of the upcoming shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana in june.
;;0.0;;rehman submitted an adjournment motion in the senate or upper house of parliament that said: it is widely reported that the prime minister of pakistan has had an unofficial meeting with indian steel magnate sajjan jindal, who is on some diplomatic mission for modi modi.
;;0.3612;;the epfo e-court management system has also been launched which is in tune with the vision of prime minister modi of digital india.
;;0.8074;;wayanad member of parliament rahul gandhi spoke to prime minister modi requesting money for relief and rehabilitation of the district, and was assured that all help will be provided.
;;0.7003;;he had written to prime minister modi seeking a special flood relief package of 1,000 crore for the state.
;;-0.802;;the chief minister, who in the past few days, has extensively toured the affected areas to make an on-ground assessment of the losses caused to standing crops, houses, public installations and livestock, also urged modi to instruct the authorities concerned to waive crop loans of banks/ financial institutions availed by the affected farmers in the flood stricken villages during the current cropping season.
;;-0.1779;;the hc judge has been writing letters to prime minister modi , law minister ravi shankar and the cji accusing sitting and retired judges of corruption.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis make in india and startup india have their own effect on swadeshi -- one talks of manufacturing in india and the other talks of building more companies out of india.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis 2019 poll campaign mirrors his 2014 general election debut in terms of the ground he has covered through public meetings and rallies.
;;0.0;;though modi conducted 425 rallies between september 2013 and may 10, 2014 (the last day of campaigning during the previous general election), this time around, he kick-started his rallies on march 28, addressing one in meerut, uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;indeed, on some days, modi has conducted as many as three in different states, such as on aprill 20, when the prime minister held rallies in forbesganj in bihar, south dinajpur district in west bengal and etah in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;also read | ahead of pms rally, aap poses 5 questions for pm modi on delhi statehood issuemodi began holding public meetings within days of being declared the prime ministerial candidate on september 13, 2014.
;;0.4549;;modi has spoken at 107 rallies so far, a party leader said of modis 2019 campaign trail.
;;0.4019;;two more rounds of polling (may 12 and 19) are left, and modi will speak at about two dozen more rallies covering bengal, bihar, uttar pradesh and himachal pradesh, another senior party leader said.
;;0.0;;though he started towards the end of march, modi has held rallies in almost all states, including in the northeast, in west bengal, and in tamil nadu and kerala, among others.
;;0.2023;;with limited time to campaign, the bjp formed a cluster of two or three parliamentary seats of a particular region in a state which modi addressed, with candidates on the dais present with him, said the second party leader.
;;0.34;;narendra modi is certainly the principal campaigner and the vote catcher for the bjp.
;;0.0;;modi magic is evident all over the country and the present election campaign is built around the persona and performance of modi , said bjps rajya sabha mp gvl narasimha rao.
;;0.0;;modi of 2019 has to compete with modi of 2014, who pulled off a spectacular victory for the bjp.
;;0.2263;;for the rural masses, whove mostly seen modi on tv or in newspapers on a daily basis, these rallies allow him to come to the ground level, said priti nair, director at advertising agency curry-nation.
;;-0.1531;;no details were available of the new push, but prime minister modi , who will address the general assembly for the third time in all and the first time in his second term, and external affairs minister s jaishankar, who has close ties with counterparts around the world through his long years in the foreign service, have packed agendas.
;;0.0;;external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said in new delhi that modi will travel to the us during september 21-27 to participate in the high-level segment of the general assembly in new york.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi flew into the region several times, canvassing for votes promising development and a continuing crackdown on corruption.
;;0.0;;uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath met prime minister modi on tuesday during his daylong trip to new delhi where he is expected to discuss the distribution of portfolios for his ministers.
;;0.2732;;adityanath was also expected to discuss with modi a reshuffle of the state bureaucracy and seek funds for expediting certain development projects.
;;0.0;;the up cm will meet modi most probably in parliament house, said a pmo source.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister modi on sunday said that the indian army cannot wait for clearance from the election commission of india (ec) to take action against terrorists.
;;0.4404;;we hope he will cooperate in the dialogue process between sikhs and prime minister modi , rai added.
;;0.296;;usually anybody over the age of 75, is eased out of a leadership role under a rule introduced by prime minister modi and bjp boss amit shah.
;;-0.1531;;pm modi and amit shah will also have to take a call on what to do with the rebel mlas from the congress and jd(s) who helped topple the coalition kumaraswamy government.
;;-0.4588;;indiaupdated: sep 23, 2019 20:19 istthe congress party has reminded prime minister modi he was not the star campaigner in the us as it accused him of violating indias foreign policy and interfering in another countrys election.
;;0.5562;;the comments were made by senior congress leader anand sharma after the prime minister cheered for donald trumps re-election at the mega howdy, modi!
;;-0.5267;;watch | after howdy modi , expect big india-us trade deal soonmr prime minister, you have violated the time-honoured principle of indian foreign policy of not interfering in the domestic elections of another country.
;;0.3164;;this is a singular disservice to the long-term strategic interests of india, sharma posted after the howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;modi also took the bonhomie with donald trump further after the howdy, modi!
;;0.7184;;the clean india mission has become a mass movement and over 100 districts across the country have become open defecation free (odf), prime minister modi said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/1x85ocohoh  modi (@narendramodi) march 8, 2017there are three odf states, 101 such districts and 1,67,226 such villages in the country.
;;0.34;;a total of 34,879,320 toilets have also been built in households, as per the information shared by modi on the mirco-blogging site.
;;0.6486;;the ambassador reminded his guests  who included ceos and business leaders from india and the united states  the importance that prime minister modi attaches to the development of states in india under the larger concept of cooperative federalism.
;;0.0772;;asking the people to take the fight against black money and graft to the next level, prime minister modi on sunday urged them to use less cash in their daily lives and to continue supporting the movement towards digital payments.
;;-0.7052;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 19:31 istk sivan, the chief of indian space research organisation (isro), was downcast after the space agency lost contact with chandrayaan 2 lander vikram just when its descent to moon was initiated and despite words of motivation by prime minister modi he could not fight back his tears.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi hugged and consoled a teary eyed sivan outside the mission operations complex after his address to the scientists and the nation.
;;0.0;;modi had earlier watched the proceedings as the lander began its descent towards the moon surface at an isro centre here.
;;0.6486;;an official familiar with the development said till thursday, kcr, as the chief minister is popularly known, was getting ready to attend the niti aayog meeting to be chaired by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7351;;the union cabinet has given its approval for extending the validity of the existing central order in respect of sugar for a further period of six months from april 29 to october 28, 2017, an official statement said after a meeting of ministers chaired by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7351;;in gujarat, modi retained power single-handedly while in karnataka, his campaign was a major factor why the bjp could emerge as a single largest party by winning over 100 seats.
;;0.4767;;the response modi has got in both neighbouring states has put smiles on the faces of bjp leaders in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;the urban voter is still influenced by modi.
;;0.0;;ahead of the fourth yoga day celebrations on 21 june, prime minister modi tweeted two more videos on thursday that demonstrate dhyana (meditation) and nadishodhan pranayama.
;;0.2716;;(dhyana is the most important part of yoga), modi tweeted in hindi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will be in jharkhands capital ranchi, which will host the main event on the international yoga day in india on friday.
;;0.0;;modi will perform yoga along with 18,000 people, including chief minister raghubar das, ministers and senior officials of the state at the prabhat tara ground in the city.
;;0.6124;;at peeda, apart from land consolidation, migration and other local issues, maharajs speech is focused on prime minister modi and how demonetisation has reduced stone pelting at security forces in jammu and kashmir in addition to having demoralised the naxalites.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has figured prominently, along with us president donald trump and russian president vladimir putin, in posters for netanyahus campaign.
;;-0.34;;indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 14:45 istprime minister modi on saturday mourned the death of former union finance minister arun jaitley, saying he has lost a valued friend.
;;0.8176;;modi who is in the uae on the second leg of a three-nation visit tweeted, with the demise of arun jaitley ji, i have lost a valued friend, whom i have had the honour of knowing for decades.
;;0.0;;modi had handpicked jaitley to be the finance minister after the nda swept to power in 2014.
;;0.1027;;when the late manohar parrikar left the defence ministry to take charge as goas chief minister in march 2017, modi gave temporary charge of the ministry to jaitley.
;;-0.7351;;jaitley who had been battling a series of illnesses had asked modi to exclude him from the government earlier this year.
;;-0.4019;;the recent trouble for the ambedkar university comes just days before prime minister modi is scheduled to attend the sixth convocation of the university on january 22 as chief guest.
;;0.5517;;urging prime minister modi to give the army a free hand to hit back and avenge paramjits death, he said: modi has not lost his brother we cannot tolerate such treatment being meted out to our jawans every day.
;;0.7003;;best wishes for your future endeavours, modi tweeted.
;;-0.7269;;prime minister modi on monday spoke to assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal over phone and took stock of the ongoing flood situation in the state, where 15 people have been killed in floods and landslides and over 46 lakh have been affected.
;;0.0;;after modi became the prime minister, the relationship has seen an upward trajectory, he said.
;;0.3818;;and i think, prime minister modi deserves enormous amount of credit for putting the relationship back on track.
;;0.6124;;i think, he moved forward in this regard, goel said, giving credit for the revival of the relationship to prime minister modi.
;;-0.6419;;chandrayaan 2: dont lose heart, says pm modi after vikram lander loses contact during descentbut, disappointment was palpable on the faces of the isro scientists within minutes as they stopped getting any communication from the lander.
;;0.0;;sivan then went up to prime minister modi , who was seated in the gallery and communicated to him about what had happened.
;;0.4019;;modi had arrived at bengaluru by a special flight only to witness the soft-landing from here.
;;0.0;;modi then got up from the seat and walked down to the place where isro scientists and engineers were seated, and had a chat with them.
;;0.7003;;before departing, the modi tried to boost the morale of the isro team saying that the nation was proud of them.
;;-0.6486;;the union budget was meant for the poor, and aimed at boosting small businesses and farm incomes and weeding out illegal cash holdings, prime minister modi said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;speaking on television minutes after the budget was presented in parliament, modi complemented finance minister arun jaitley.
;;-0.5897;;prime minister modi said on sunday that people of kashmir want to join the mainstream of development and those trying to spread hate and obstruct development works in kashmir will never succeed.
;;0.8779;;modi also congratulated the indian space research organisation (isro) on the successful launch of the chandrayaan 2 lunar mission and said it will inspire the countrys youth towards science and innovation.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi on saturday told a gathering largely of bjp members that his aim of turning india into a $5-trillion economy will transform the lives of each and every family in the country and was therefore an important mission requiring people participation.
;;-0.5719;;narendra modi hit out at critics of his $ 5-trillion economy plan as the professional pessimist who have a problem-centric attitude and not a solution-centric one.
;;-0.836;;india will push fellow brics members to define terrorism and reflect its concerns over cross-border terror when their leaders, including prime minister modi , gather for their annual summit in johannesburg in july, officials familiar with the matter said on monday.
;;0.4019;;the two-day mega show in the capital of odisha, a state that prime minister modi is trying to project as a laboratory for his development agenda, will likely push regional parties to close ranks.
;;-0.128;;in no more than two years of winning a historic mandate, modi had begun to lose grip, until assam happened.
;;0.4404;;their coming together will only make modi look even better.
;;0.4404;;thus it was not as much the anti-incumbency sentiment against chief minister harish rawat that dethroned his government, as the energetic electioneering by prime minister modi that took the wind out of the sails of rawats campaign.
;;0.0;;i appeal to prime minister modi to permit the sena to go to kashmir and teach the separatist forces there a lesson, he said.
;;-0.7003;;worldupdated: aug 31, 2019 11:47 istpakistan railway minister sheikh rashid ahmed suffered an electric shock on friday while speaking against prime minister modi at a rally during the kashmir hour.
;;0.0;;yeh modi is jalse ko nakam nahi kr sakta (i think it was electric current.
;;0.4717;;modi cannot ruin this rally), he said while resuming his speech.
;;0.0;;she has met president pranab mukherjee and spent time with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4215;;read: teens in bengal villages up in arms against child traffickerson march 9, she had the opportunity to meet prime minister modi at his residence.
;;0.4215;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 14:37 istus president donald trump on monday said a lot of progress has been made in india-pakistan relations and that he looked forward to meeting prime minister modi and pakistan premier imran khan shortly.
;;0.0;;so, i will see prime minister modi , trump told reporters and added, i will be meeting both india and pakistan.
;;0.0;;he was perhaps referring to his meetings with the prime minister modi  in houston for the howdy, modi!
;;-0.27;;a response was awaited from the white house to a request for an explanation of what president trump meant given his recent offers to mediate the india-pakistan dispute, which he has appeared to have given up after being told off politely by prime minister modi  that india doesnt want to bother any other nation or entity to resolve a bilateral problem.
;;0.636;;watch | lot of progress: trump on indo-pak ties ahead of meeting with pm modi , imran khanthe white house had yesterday confirmed that trump will attend pm modis diaspora outreach eventhowdy, modi!
;;0.4939;;the move is need as a strengthening of the personal equation between modi and trump and the fillip to relations between new delhi and washington.
;;0.4926;;pm modi thanked trump and said his participation in howdy, modi!
;;-0.4926;;indian ambassador to the us harsh vardhan shringla said trump and modi addressing the howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;pm modi is visiting the us from september 21-27 for events in houston and to address the un general assembly in new york.
;;-0.25;;national security adviser ajit doval spoke to nepal prime minister pushpa kamal dahal prachanda and said prime minister modi had expressed sorrow over the incident.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is scheduled to visit uttarakhand wednesday where he would inaugurate the research centre of yoga guru ramdevs patanjali ayurveda, which claims to have developed a new variety of wheat seed and chilli with record high yield.
;;0.6369;;hours after the icj verdict, prime minister modi tweeted: we welcome todays verdict in the icj.
;;0.4404;;in a strong attack on prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday said he had managed to bust the myth around the pms mr clean image.
;;0.6597;;the congress chief said he was unafraid of modi , adding while the control of samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav and bahujan samaj party president mayawati rested with the pm, things were different in his case.
;;-0.6486;;modi benefited only 15 people, but i intend to benefit nearly 25 crore poor people in the country, gandhi said, adding after consulting economists he came up with the nyay scheme that seeks to transfer cash in the accounts of the countrys poor.
;;-0.3818;;modi often talks about surgical strike but in the truest sense the congresss nyay scheme was actually the real surgical strike against poverty, he said.
;;0.296;;modi had spoken of creating 2 crore jobs.
;;-0.2944;;gandhi also took a sharp dig at his party colleagues for the electoral drubbing the congress received, saying he had stood completely alone in the fight against prime minister modi and the rashtriya swayamsewak sangh (rss).
;;0.4215;;5  from 54  in 2014, the winning margin for most of its candidates was also higher than it was five years ago, indicating that they primarily voted for prime minister modi , who had addressed eight rallies in the run up to polls focusing on nationalism, national security and attacking the people-friendly image of chief minister ashok gehlot.
;;0.0;;polling was 3 percentage points higher than in 2014 this, according to experts, indicates that there was a pro-incumbency vote for modi , aided by on-ground mobilisation of voters.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi address an election campaign rally in jaunpur on saturday.
;;0.5574;;as per the district adminstration, the campaign has brought around 6,000 girls to government schools in the last one year --- a fact that earned it praise from prime minister modi during his last mann ki baat address to the nation.
;;0.4019;;andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on saturday hit back at prime minister modi , who referred to telugu desam party president as u-turn babu at an election rally in adnhra pradeshs kurnool a day before.
;;-0.6124;;the tdp chief accused pm modi of resorting to lies in his public speeches ahead of the lok sabha polls.
;;-0.1531;;launching sharp attack on pm modi , naidu said, mother india would have never thought that she would see a prime minister like you.
;;-0.6619;;the modi government cited technical difficulties in not granting the special category status to andhra pradesh.
;;0.0;;both prime minister modi and congress president sonia gandhi attended his 75th birthday celebration at the capitals vigyan bhawan auditorium in 2015.
;;-0.4588;;pm modis kabristan comment unfortunateabdullah also said prime minister modi modis kabristan-shamshaan comment in uttar pradesh was unfortunate.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi attended nearly 200 programmes in 125 days, from december 25 to may 1 and across 27 states and union territories, a schedule issued by the pms office revealed.
;;0.0;;during these visits, modi initiated the kashi vishwanath dham project which entails restoration of temples in the area around the vishwanath temple.
;;0.0;;modi recently filed his nomination papers from this seat, after conducting a roadshow the previous day.
;;0.1531;;apparently all political parties wanted it as issues were losing the potency to swing the votes and the vulnerable voters, smitten by personal aura of primarily prime minister modi , chief minister akhilesh yadav and bsp national president mayawati, played into their hands.
;;-0.886;;while akhilesh yadav repeatedly said people punish those who make them suffer, modi built a case for the rejection of the sp and the bsp for non-performance.
;;0.0516;;modi campaigned hard in the state; akhilesh yadav, who has emerged as a brand in politics after he won an intense family feud, addressed seven to nine rallies a day; while mayawati stuck to her old style of rallies at the district or division level.
;;0.1045;;interestingly, candidates, too, got dwarfed in the process as voters were clear they were electing modi , akhilesh or mayawati  cult politics that is more a rage in south than in the north of india.
;;0.34;;modi easily filled this vacuum for the bjp.
;;0.8074;;a professor in rae bareli summed up the advantages of three players, the sp has akhileshs personal image, youth, caste and freebies; modi has his image, a subtle caste calculation, lipstick development and a huge party paraphernalia; mayawati has stuck to identity politics.
;;0.7184;;giriraj singh, a bjp lok sabha member from nawada constituency in bihar, is known to be a staunch supporter of prime minister modi and a champion of hinduvta politics.
;;0.0;;hasina would travel to india after seven years on an invitation extended by prime minister modi , it said.
;;0.0;;addressing public meetings, both rahul and priyanka had targeted prime minister modi for not bringing about development to the region.
;;-0.5859;;addressing public meeting at gic grounds in rae bareli on friday rahul attacked modi for cancelling the food park project and said the pm was pursuing politics of vendetta.
;;-0.296;;priyanka too had targeted modi for no development.
;;0.0;;modi should learn this from former prime minister late rajiv gandhi who brought about development to amethi, said priyanka while addressing a public meeting at baburiha village under bachhrawan (sc) assembly constituency on friday.
;;-0.3818;;besides the cancelled food park project a number of other projects too have been shelved or work has been stopped after installation of the modi government in 2014.
;;-0.4588;;cricketer-turned politician navjot singh sidhu courted controversy on monday when he appealed to muslims to cast their votes for the congress in order to defeat prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4215;;if you get united, you can uproot modi from delhi, he said.
;;0.0;;government sources said prime minister modi spoke with jaitley, hours before he underwent the kidney transplant.
;;0.0;;they said modi was in touch with jaitleys family to get updates on his health throughout the day.
;;0.0;;the same week, she came to the aid of her colleague manish tewari, who was speaking during zero hour on us president donald trumps claim that prime minister modi had invited him to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;0.4215;;priyanka held the road show for party candidate annu tandonspeaking on the occasion, she said prime minister modi had become disconnected from the reality and there was no one to show him the truth.
;;0.5106;;gardiner, known for his proximity to prime minister modi since his chief ministership of gujarat, is comfortably placed with a 2015 win margin of 10,834, but faces ameet jogia, who has fast risen in tory ranks and is a local councillor.
;;0.7351;;celebrating bjps stupendous show in up assembly elections at his marris road residence on sunday, he lauded prime minister modi for his leadership and credited him with partys historical victory.
;;-0.296;;after independence, no other leader has emerged on the countrys political horizon modi has, singh said.
;;-0.5994;;in her last tweet, just hours before her death, swaraj congratulated prime minister modi over the passage of the jammu and kashmir reorganisation bill in parliament.
;;0.0258;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) august 6, 2019pm modi also mourned swarajs death, describing her as a remarkable leader who devoted her life to public service.
;;0.0;;pm modis itinerary pm modi is going on a six-day tour from may 29-3 june.
;;0.0;;may 30- modi will travel to spain- the first indian pm in almost three decades.
;;0.0;;he will call on king felipe vi and hold talks with president mariano rajoymay 31 to june 2- pm modi will travel to st. petersburg in russia.
;;-0.0516;;after a meeting with german president frank-walter steinmeier, modi will leave for spain on may 30.
;;0.5859;;modi will also call on spanish king felipe vi and interact with a select group of spanish ceos keen to invest and expand their businesses in india.
;;0.0;;from spain, modi will travel to russia on may 31 and hold the 18th annual bilateral summit with russian president vladimir putin on june 1 in st. petersburg.
;;0.0;;from russia, modi will fly to paris on june 2 evening and hold a bilateral meeting with french president macron the next day.
;;0.1027;;the central board of film certification (cbfc) tuesday cleared the release of the biopic based on prime minister modi with a few modifications, said a person aware of the developments.
;;0.0;;the person said the board had issued the certificate to the film titled pm modi , in the evening, after the examining committee viewed it.
;;0.3612;;like his mentor prime minister modi , the rss pracharak-turned-politician has a penchant for wearing colourful jackets and kurtas with white churidaars.
;;0.4767;;prime minister modi has appointed samant goel as the next chief of indias external spy agency, research and analysis wing (r&aw) and arvinda kumar as the director, intelligence bureau.
;;0.1027;;pm modi , as chairman of the appointments committee of the cabinet, also cleared the empanelment of 1986 batch ips officer in the rank of director general.
;;-0.6124;;the election commission of india (eci) has cleared prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi of wrongdoing in one complaint each of violation of the model code of conduct they faced for speeches made on the lok sabha campaign trail.
;;-0.296;;eci said on thursday that it found no violation in the speech modi delivered at barmer in rajasthan on april 21 in which he said india hadnt kept a nuclear arsenal for use on diwali, the festival of lights and fireworks.
;;0.3875;;also watch: re-election of modi is main mudda: bjps manoj tiwari on campaign traileci said the madhya pradesh chief election officer (ceo) did not find any violation of the model code in the speech.
;;-0.3612;;ecis decisions were announced hours after the supreme court asked the commission to rule by may 6 on remaining complaints against modi , amit shah and congres president rahul gandhi for alleged violations of the model code.
;;-0.2023;;congress spokesperson pranav jha said: the ecs decisions are more relevant for pm modi and amit shah as they are habitual violators, and have been aided by a lenient ec.
;;0.0;;eci had earlier given a clean chit to pm modi on two of the complaints made by the congress.
;;-0.5719;;his tough talk came after prime minister modi and he paid last respects here to three of the four soldiers, including a major, who were killed in two separate encounters in kashmir on tuesday.
;;-0.9201;;the death triggered national outrage and a demand to rein in right-wing vigilante groups, whom prime minister modi had blamed last august for fomenting social tension and called for action against them.
;;0.7096;;however, it attracted the attention of prime minister modi who made a proud mention of it in his radio programme mann ki baat in the first week of march.
;;0.2023;;lekhi is reaching out to the voters with her achievements in the past five years, focusing on prime minister modi and the works done by the nda government.
;;0.4019;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 08:05 istprime minister modi turns 69 on tuesday and the bharatiya janata party has kicked off a seva saptah (service week) to mark his birthday celebrations.
;;0.0;;narendra modi left home in his early teens to travel across india.
;;0.0;;in october 2001, then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee appointed modi as the chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.5719;;narendra modi won a time magazine readers poll and was voted the person of the year in 2014.
;;0.3182;;modi completed a three-day visit to tel aviv and gave fresh impetus to 25 years of diplomatic relations between india and israel.
;;0.7579;;modi became the first non-congress prime minister to win two consecutive terms with a full majority when the bharatiya janata party swept the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;modi had to go into hiding for being involved in the movement to restore those rights.
;;0.0;;modi visited pakistan on december 25, 2015.
;;0.2732;;narendra modi prefers to wear clothes which are well ironed and do not have any creases.
;;0.6115;;the chief ministers committee on digital payments headed by andhra pradesh chief minister chadrababu naidu on tuesday submitted its interim report to prime minister modi and recommended a slew of measures to make such payments more attractive than cash.
;;-0.1779;;one of the gaps in the congresss campaign so far has been its inability to confront prime minister modi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on three issues.
;;0.0;;he has first taken on mr modi directly, and spoke of both how a range of national leaders have come from humble roots, yet never made it an electoral card.
;;0.223;;unless the party is able to take on mr modi and the bjp on precisely these issues on the ground, its narrative will not have the desired impact.
;;-0.4588;;the fact remains that a large section of the electorate continues to believe in mr modi; that it sees the bjps response on terror as stronger; and that it has doubts on nyay.
;;0.4588;;the party must use his message in the remaining phases of the polls if it wants to challenge mr modi.
;;-0.6249;;he noted that the indian security forces had stopped using pellet guns, and recalled joint declaration between prime minister modi and former prime minister david cameron in november last on the issue of jointly combating terrorism.
;;-0.6249;;indiaupdated: aug 01, 2019 09:43 istthe uncle of the woman identified as the unnao rape victim met his lawyers on wednesday and through their help drafted a five-page letter to prime minister modi , seeking his intervention in the ordeal that had befallen his family.
;;0.0;;yeddyurappa said he will meet vala to stake claim after consulting prime minister modi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.4215;;political analysts stated that it is a much sober and mature response from the pugnacious chief minister who had been targeting prime minister modi so far.
;;0.7579;;one may see a speeding up of cbi cases, but all depends on modi who would like mamata banerjee on his side in different issues like teesta water treaty, said sibaji pratim basu, political analyst.
;;0.25;;modi now has the upper hand and will try and keep the bengal chief minister under pressure.
;;0.4019;;this will mean that the party will be able to pass bills, which had been a major headache for the modi government after it came to power.
;;0.4019;;the senior bjp leaders would directly interact with the people and apprise them about prime minister modi modis desire of making odisha as the laboratory of development, samal said.
;;-0.6369;;prime minister modi on monday expressed deep sadness over the loss of lives in the blasts at st. petersburg metro.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister modi attacked the incumbent samajwadi party government at bjps parivartan sankalp rally here on saturday saying, kaam nahi, karnama bolta hai.
;;-0.4767;;read: instead of peeping into bathrooms, pm modi should work for the poor: rahulhe said that a lot of corruption happened during group c and d job interviews.
;;0.0;;in his hour-long speech, modi also wooed farmers of the district by reiterating the central governments plan for cultivators.
;;0.4215;;all the proposed reforms have been linked to monetary incentives as part of the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut), a ud ministry scheme launched by prime minister modi in june 2015 to upgrade urban infrastructure in 500 cities.
;;-0.34;;he also refused to be drawn into the controversies surrounding former bjp leaders yashwant sinha and arun shourie, who have led frontal attacks on prime minister modi and party president amit shahs style of functioning.
;;-0.5106;;i dont know why he is angry, he said adding, when i meet him, i will tell him of his old statement in which he said the country needs modi.
;;0.0;;i will tell him that country still needs modi.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister modi dated may 3, a copy of which is with hindustan times, ahluwalia claimed that more than 320 families have been settled in places such as deolo, lava forest, melli and rangpo.
;;0.5719;;also read: track the karnataka election results on our live blog and interactive maps that provide real-time data and analysis1) modi-shahs big southern testif the bjp wins karnataka, it will be its first big victory in a major southern state under the leadership of modi and amit shah.
;;0.4939;;the bjp on the other hand has banked on the appeal of prime minister modi and a consolidation of hindu votes across the board.
;;0.0;;should this happen, it would reiterate the prowess of bjps hindutva push and brand modi.
;;-0.5106;;alleging that bengal chief minister mamata banerjee created obstacles impeding the speedy development that he delivered in other states, prime minister modi on wednesday described her as speed breaker didi and urged the people to remove the hindrance from the way.
;;0.0;;this state has a speed breaker which is known as didi, remarked modi.
;;-0.6935;;modi alleged she (didi) does not care about the poor.
;;0.0;;modi also lashed out at the bengal chief minister for pulling out of the ayushman bharat insurance project.
;;0.6192;;modi also assured the gorkha people that they will not be harmed if a citizenship screening exercise is conducted in the state.
;;0.3818;;bsp activists and dalit groups burnt prime minister modi in effigy, holding him responsible for the growing bias against dalits in the country.
;;0.4404;;mahajan held farewell meetings with prime minister modi and home minister rajnath singh and greeted the bjps newly appointed working president, jp nadda.
;;0.3612;;thank you, prime minister modi.
;;-0.6369;;congress president rahul gandhi took pot shots at prime minister modi on tuesday after a fire broke out at the national capitals shastri bhawan which houses several key ministries.
;;-0.3875;;modi ji burning files is not going to save you.
;;-0.3875;;modi ji burning files is not going to save you.
;;0.5859;;co/eqfvtjfdgy  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) april 30, 2019the congress chief has been gunning for modi over the rafale aircraft deal , insisting that the agreement to purchase the french fighter planes was nit above board.
;;0.0;;besides, prime minister modi addressed a rally in haridwar on friday.
;;0.5994;;alleging a scam into the high cost of the highest tricolour (360 ft) in the country installed at the attari border, outgoing chairman of amritsar improvement trust (ait) suresh mahajan has sent a communiqu to prime minister modi and sought a cbi inquiry into the matter.
;;0.2023;;several leaders including prime minister modi , union home minister amit shah and other top bjp and congress leaders had continued to visit jaitley who was kept on life-support.
;;0.4939;;the national conference chief, who was recently called to new delhi by prime minister modi for a discussion on kashmir, said modi wanted a peaceful end to the situation in the state, reeling under unrest for months.
;;0.1531;;limping back to healththose two factors could let the rbi make its first cut since october to boost an economy dealt a major blow when prime minister modi in november abolished high-value notes in a bid to target unaccounted cash.
;;0.8225;;bjp sources told ians that the party had planned to distribute sweets to its leaders at the parliamentary party meeting that was addressed by prime minister modi to felicitate leaders over their performance in assembly elections.
;;0.0;;she was felicitated by prime minister modi here.
;;-0.2869;;read: up election: akhilesh, not rahul, has struck a chord with ups votersresponding to prime minister modi modis criticism that akhilesh had gone and allied with a party (congress) that had plotted to eliminate his father and sp patriarch mulayam singh yadav in 1984, the up chief minister said modi need not have gone that far back in history to provoke him.
;;0.0;;read: dimple takes a dig at modi , says akhilesh does kaam ki baat not mann ki baattalking about her campaign in different constituencies, dimple said, we have very little time left.
;;-0.3724;;prime minister modi and president xi jinping were not expected to hug at their first meeting at the hubei provincial museum on friday afternoon.
;;0.0;;xi, they added, had first hosted modi in xian in may 2015.
;;0.128;;at the museum, xi took modi on a personal tour during which the indian leader was shown carefully selected artifacts excavated from various locations in hubei province.
;;0.4939;;a special chinese tea-making ceremony was arranged on the upper deck of the boat, where experts carefully explained the history and culture of tea drinking in china to modi.
;;0.0772;;during one of the interactions, xi told modi he had seen a number of bollywood and regional indian movies.
;;0.4215;;on saturday morning, modi posted two messages with photos on his account on weibo, the chinese equivalent of twitter, sharing his thoughts on the visit.
;;0.6444;;also read: half of india faces drought with low pre-monsoon rain, heat spellpoonia also said that following prime minister modi modis call for water conservation in his mann ki baat last sunday, bjp workers and leaders are taking oath in party meetings to neither waste nor let anyone else waste water.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on friday asked the congress leaders to mind their language as he has everyones dossier, which he can disclose, while dubbing the harish rawat government in uttarakhand as most corrupt.
;;0.6249;;modi appealed to the people to vote the bjp to power and assured them that he would push for the development of the state where growth has been impeded by the corrupt congress regime.
;;0.128;;at another election rally in bijnor, modi lashed out at the sp-congress alliance, dubbing it as a tie-up between two families and called upon people to reject it if they wanted to save up.
;;0.5213;;indiaupdated: aug 04, 2019 03:58 istemphasising that the bharatiya janata party (bjp)s ideology and thoughts, and not the legacy of any family, brought it to its current politically dominant position, prime minister modi asked his partys lawmakers on saturday to remain connected with the bjp and not forget their contribution in making them ministers and parliamentarians.
;;-0.4215;;modi compared the party and its workers to a mother who nurtures a son, but feels a bit neglected when he gets married and begins paying more attention to his wife, according to news agency pti.
;;0.7184;;we all should keep the spirit of a party worker alive in ourself, parliamentary affairs minister prahlad joshi quoted modi as saying.
;;-0.5574;;indiaupdated: sep 19, 2019 01:41 istthe union cabinet, at a meeting chaired by prime minister modi , on wednesday proposed an ordinance to ban production, import, export, transport, sale, storage, distribution, even advertising of e-cigarettes in the country.
;;-0.0772;;india has denied trumps claim that prime minister modi requested him to mediate between india and pakistan for resolving the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;referring to the controversy, the former external affairs minister said in a lighter vein, may be prime minister modi wanted to say why dont you meditate for yoga, and he thought modi was asking to mediate.
;;0.4767;;while saudi arabia and argentina have raised more money in recent years from international bond sales as emerging markets return in popularity, prime minister modi modis government will be working to a tight timeline.
;;-0.5994;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 17:10 istmerely two days after jd (u) mla amarnath gami caused embarrassment to his party by alleging nitish governments decision to ban pan masala, was taken to cover the governments illegal transactions, the lawmaker from hayaghat put upbillboards in darbhanga town praising prime minister modi modi.
;;0.2732;;pm modi is an accepted national leader and in bihar, it is cm nitish kumars work which speaks, said jd (u) spokesperson nikhil mandal.
;;0.7845;;this means that jd (u) mla must have developed love for pm modi and his liking for cm nitish mush have diminished, quipped rjds national vice president shivanad tiwary before asking, why make a fuss on the issue?
;;-0.5106;;women of nagepur, one of the two villages prime minister modi has adopted in his lok sabha constituency, varanasi under the saansad adarsh gram yojna, want him to replicate the gujarat policy in up  ban liquor.
;;0.2023;;the counsel for 22-year-old rahat khan questioned how the police could arrest his client for promoting enmity among different groups when khan was a big supporter of modi , as can be ascertained through his posts on social media.
;;0.8658;;the counsel said khan is a peace loving person and a fan of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;chief minister harish rawat on friday took a jibe at prime minister modi modis statement on building roads to connect haridwar, gangotri, yamnotri and badrinath.
;;0.0;;he was reacting to the remark of modi , who while laying the foundation of the 75-km-long delhi-meerut expressway on thursday reportedly said he had plans for building roads to connect haridwar, gangotri, yamnotri and badrinath.
;;-0.7783;;prime minister modi on saturday launched a fresh attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee saying that her model of governance is based on corruption, conspiracy against the poor and appeasement.
;;-0.7906;;harvard student writes to modi: mocking credible varsities will only isolate indiaa harvard university student has written a letter to prime minister modi objecting to his recent jibe at the renowned us university, and said mocking economists and credible academic institutions will only isolate india from the world.
;;-0.3612;;madhya pradesh chief minister kamal nath has cleared the decks for implementing two central schemes including the 10  reservation for education and jobs for economically weaker sections after meeting with prime minister modi in new delhi on june 6, officials said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;the meeting between pm modi and nath lasted about half an hour during which nath congratulated the pm on his assuming office for the second time in a row and discussed with him the issues pertaining to mp, a senior madhya pradesh government official said.
;;0.34;;watch: article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi , shah and doval orchestrated moveamong other steps listed in the document was home secretarys visit to the valley and ratcheting up security in several states, including kerala, west bengal and andhra pradesh.
;;-0.4767;;a day after voting in punjab and goa, the focus sharpened on uttar pradesh where an acronym war raged between prime minister modi and the duo of congress vice-president rahul gandhi and samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav for the second successive day.
;;-0.5719;;after coining scam in meerut on saturday to target rivals, modi gave vikas (development) a new spin at a rally in aligarh on sunday.
;;0.0;;and all these four things modi ji lacks.
;;-0.4939;;at a farmers rally at pipliyamandi near mandsaur to mark the first anniversary of the police firing, gandhi said farm loan waiver worth rs 70,000 crore was given by the upa government and lashed out at prime minister modi for ignoring farmers.
;;0.34;;modi will only waive loans of rich industrialists and refused to waive farmers loans when i requested him.
;;-0.296;;at his pipliyamandi rally, the congress president also accused modi of selling out to china.
;;0.0;;on construction of ram temple in ayodhya, raut said, it will be constructed in modi and yogis leadership.
;;0.4588;;at his recent election rallies, prime minister modi said india warned pakistan of serious consequences and asked islamabad to ensure the safety of varthaman.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has asked taxmen to take necessary steps against all those who are in possession of benami properties and focus on broadening the tax net.
;;0.0;;modi also took stock of the preparedness for the implementation of the nationwide goods and services tax.
;;-0.4019;;the congress submitted 11 complaints to the ec against prime minister modi and the watchdog disposed of them without sending a single notice to the pm.
;;0.7906;;prime minister modi on saturday invoked former pm atal bihari vajpayee and lk advani, the bharatiya janata party veteran, among other on the foundation day of the party to assert that return of his government in the lok sabha election will make india stronger.
;;0.7184;;in his speech, pm modi expressed his gratitude to advani and murli manohar joshi among other party leaders.
;;0.7717;;pm modi targeted both the congress and the biju janata dal, the ruling party in odisha saying that these two parties were responsible for the backwardness of the state.
;;0.5994;;jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti called on prime minister modi on friday who she said assured her of no fidgeting with article 370, which grants special status to her state.
;;0.0;;the congresswoman is the first hindu ever elected to us congress and to run for the white house and has been close to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi has been honoured with russias highest state decoration, the order of st andrew the apostle.
;;0.93;;the award has been given to pm modi for exceptional services in promoting special and privileged strategic partnership between the russian federation and the republic of india and friendly relations between the russian and indian peoples, a statement by the russian embassy said.
;;0.5423;;this is the seventh award conferred on pm modi by a foreign country.
;;0.7906;;the order to award pm modi the countrys highest civilian award was signed by president vladimir putin.
;;0.7184;;the factors that will work in our favour include the popularity of prime minister modi and development works carried out by the parkash singh badal government in the state, he added.
;;0.4404;;it also thanked prime minister modi for his unstinting support during parrikars illness.
;;0.25;;johnson first heard of englands win, which for much of the match had seemed impossible, when prime minister modi broke the news during a meeting on sunday.
;;0.2023;;also watch: pm modi meets boris johnson at g7 summit, agree to further bilateral tiessmiling and shaking hands at the start of their meeting morrison congratulated johnson on the result, which evens up this years ashes duel between crickets oldest international rivals.
;;0.2023;;also watch | article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi , shah and doval orchestrated moveaccording to diplomats, pakistan will first assess the situation before it either calls for an urgent debate or resolution at the unhrc.
;;0.2732;;he is currently in singapore working away the phones as he has been tasked by prime minister modi to convince unhrc members that kashmir is an internal matter of india.
;;0.4939;;while the exact date has not been decided, netanyahu is expected to meet his friend prime minister modi either on september 7 or 8.
;;0.6249;;arriving in india a week before the september 17 general elections in israel, netanyahu is expected to endorse modi governments scrapping of articles 370 and 35 a in kashmir as an internal matter and support the bilateral resolution of issues between india and pakistan, the diplomats said.
;;-0.0772;;also watch: pm modi meets trump, says all issues between india-pakistan are bilateralapart from the defence agenda, pm modi is looking towards his israeli counterpart to provide high-end technologies to provide potable water to each home as well as manage waste.
;;-0.7579;;the revelation came as prime minister modi held a brainstorming session with his key foreign policy advisers even as the terrorists -- allegedly based out of bahawalpur in pakistan -- exchanged gun fire with security forces, over 36 hours after the operation began.
;;0.0;;the modi government was all for dialogue with the nawaz sharif government but rescheduling the talks was necessary to give time to islamabad to take action against azhars troopers, the sources said.
;;0.8225;;making fun of the bjp, the sena said the party has launched a global outreach programme, where prime minister modi is on a world tour and shah on a domestic one.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi performed the bhoomipujan of the project at indu mills in dadar on october 2015.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister modi has no bias against muslims and is, in fact, concerned about the lack of leadership among the community, former lieutenant governor of delhi najeeb jung has said.
;;0.0;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal often targeted jung for allegedly doing the bidding of the modi government and not allowing him to perform his duties.
;;0.3182;;during one of the many standoffs, the cm took to twitter, saying jung wanted to be the vice-president and was trying to please modi.
;;0.0;;mann ki baat is also the title of prime minister modi modis monthly radio address to the nation.
;;0.4215;;congress president rahul gandhi on saturday sharpened his attack on prime minister modi alleging that he extended undue favours to his industrialist friends, who looted the country.
;;0.0;;when we announced nyay (nyuntam aay yojana), the face of the chowkidar (a reference to pm modi) changed.
;;-0.1779;;narendra modi spoke about giving rs 15 lakh to the poor.
;;0.4019;;the congress president accused pm modi of diverting money meant for the indian air force to favour businessman anil ambani, whose firm, reliance defence is an offset partner of the dassault aviation, the french company which has got the contract for supply of 36 rafale fighter jets.
;;0.4019;;though the party has organised various campaigns and events such as the ayushman march, public meetings by senior leaders, live interaction with prime minister modi , bjp members say, campaigning in a planned manner at the ground level is yet to kick-start.
;;0.0;;the meeting will be chaired by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.296;;prime minister modi made the deal with russian president vladimir putin in october, defying us warnings of sanctions on countries buying russian military equipment.
;;0.0;;since then china and india have sought to patch up relations, including at a meeting between modi and president xi jinping at wuhan, china in april 2018.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister modi on sunday hailed prominent hindutva proponent vinayak damodar savarkar and said he was the first one to call the 1857 sepoy mutiny as the first war of independence.
;;0.4767;;while modi rendered his respect to nehru, he chose to speak at length on savarkar.
;;0.1027;;savarkar jis personality was full of special qualities  he was a worshipper of both weapons or shastra and knowledge or shaastras, modi added.
;;-0.296;;modi also urged people to stop using low-grade plastic and polythene, and pointed out it is polluting the environment, wildlife and the health of the people.
;;0.7506;;the margin is higher than that secured by prime minister modi who won from the varanasi by a margin of 4,79,505 votes.
;;0.4767;;the panel, with sports authority of gujarat director-general sandeep pradhan as its convenor, has been approved by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will address a rally in keralas kozhikode on friday amid a controversy over bjp president amit shahs comparison of wayanad, the second seat where congress president rahul gandhi will contest the lok sabha election, with pakistan.
;;0.0;;modi may also talk about the sabarimala temple issue.
;;-0.7574;;during his last visit to the southern state in february, prime minister modi had attacked the ruling left democratic front (ldf) government, saying its handling of the sabarimala issue was a most shameful.
;;-0.5574;;they have urged prime minister modi to ban the release of the film padmavat.
;;0.3612;;it was during the congratulatory call after he got elected that oli invited modi to come to nepal soon, and modi had promised he would do so.
;;0.0;;such a quick reciprocal visit, in just over a month is unusual for modi.
;;0.0;;oli had long requested a one-on-one meeting with modi , without the presence of any official, and got it in delhi.
;;0.4019;;modi will meet nc president and former pm, sher bahadur deuba, and his party representatives.
;;0.4019;;modi will also have a goodwill meeting with olis key ally pushpa kamal dahal prachanda, chairman of the communist party of nepal (maoist centre).
;;0.0;;modi will finish off his balancing act from where he starts: the southern plains, tarai.
;;0.3612;;the fact that modi is beginning his visit from janakpur in province 2, a madhesi-dominated province, is itself a signal and symbolic recognition of the importance india accords to them.
;;0.7783;;modi will also meet the leaders of the two prominent madhesi parties and convey a message that madhesi forces should remain united.
;;0.3818;;(prime minister narendra) modi spoke about job creation, pitched demonetisation as a game-changer, launched the gst (goods and services tax) as if it would it would achieve everything.
;;0.0;;and still they claim its a victory for modi modi.
;;0.0;;but modi talks about ambedkar in almost every speech.
;;0.0;;modi talks against corruption but allows modi , nirav modi to flee.
;;0.0;;ask modi , who is right -- godse or gandhi?
;;-0.128;;he faces tough questions, unlike modi who never gives answers.
;;-0.5777;;why is modi so scared of rahul gandhi?
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi will formally launch an aadhaar-based mobile app platform for traders along with two incentive schemes on april 14, to push indians towards a less-cash economy and curb black money generation.
;;0.34;;44 lakh crore of high value notes, the modi government has rolled out scheme after scheme to dissuade indians from dealing in cash and switching to digital transactions.
;;0.128;;in december 2016, modi launched the bhim app for facilitating electronic payments by consumers.
;;0.5423;;on thursday, the pmo said modi will launch several crucial initiatives to further the digital payments revolution in india on april 14, including the bhim aadhaar platform for merchants, cash back and referral bonus schemes for bhim and declaring about 75 townships going less-cash.
;;0.0;;in just one video conference, prime minister modi offered us clearances of eight various departments, he said.
;;0.0;;in case of bjp, prime minister modi is setting up new standards and those who could comply with it.
;;0.0;;they shouted slogans projecting the amethi mp as indias next pm and targeted prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, an anti-romeo drive was carried out near schools and colleges in chetganj police station area of varanasi, the constituency of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the main event will be held in ranchi, jharkhand, where prime minister modi will remain present.
;;0.0;;three ministers -- indira hridayesh, pritam singh and pritam singh panwar  were able to retain their seats as mesmerising magic of prime minister modi enabled the bjp to sweep to power in the hill state.
;;0.128;;vande bharat express, also known as train 18, was launched on february 15 by prime minister modi amid much fanfare.
;;0.34;;the indiscretion was disconcerting enough to prompt even prime minister modi to harp on security and stability of punjab in his rallies.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was at the rajya sabha on thursday during the question hour for about 15 minutes, his first appearance in the house since the assembly poll results were declared.
;;0.0;;modi sat through the question hour for 15 minutes and listened to queries raised by members on vacancies in kendriya vidyalayas and cases of manual scavenging.
;;0.8555;;prime minister modi led by comfortable margins in varanasi and varun gandhi and hema malini of the bjp won in pilbhit and mathura respectively.
;;-0.7579;;also read : lok sabha results 2019: will take everyone along, even opponents: pm modi after big winthe key issues: farm issues, reservations, pulwama terror attack, law-and-order situation, issues related to minorities and development projects.
;;0.6705;;gandhi, also accompanied by senior party leaders digvijay singh, kamal nath and janata dal-uniteds sharad yadav, took the opportunity to hit out at prime minister modi modi.
;;0.2263;;he told reporters that modi could waive loans worth rs 1.
;;-0.4767;;lashing out at centre and the madhya pradesh government, he blamed both modi and chief minister shivraj chouhan for the deaths of five farmers in mandsaur on tuesday.
;;0.4767;;the consultations were held on the direction of prime minister modi and a report was presented to hrd minister ramesh pokhriyal nishank for his approval.
;;-0.6486;;launching a scathing attack on prime minister modi and the bjp-led government at the centre, chief minister karish rawat saturday said accused the nda dispensation of continuously working against his government and uttarakhand.
;;0.0387;;the congress leader alleged that the modi government also tried to dislodge my government by engineering defection in the party, but it was undone by the judiciary.
;;-0.8074;;karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah on friday wrote to prime minister modi claiming that the centres ban on sale and purchase of cattle at animal markets for slaughter was unconstitutional and that it would have a far-reaching negative impact on the society and economy.
;;-0.1695;;thus, the rules interfered with a subject on the state list, without the consent of the state government, siddaramaiah wrote in his letter to modi.
;;0.4767;;the policy will help foster prime minister modi modis flagship make in india initiative.
;;0.7003;;the country is aiming at raising the output to 150 million tonne by 2020, as the modi government has rolled out an ambitious plan to speed up infrastructure projects including smart cities, industrial corridors and highways.
;;0.0;;the beheading is understood to have featured in his discussion with prime minister modi on tuesday.
;;-0.3291;;bsf trooper sagars was flown in a military helicopter to his village in ups deoria, but the cremation was held back as his family demanded the presence of prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.4019;;03 pm: bjp corporators enter the hall while raising slogans in support of chief minister devendra fadnavis and prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi addressed the nation in the 32nd episode of the monthly mann ki baat programme, his first since completing three years in power.
;;0.8271;;in the previous episode of the programme broadcast on april 30, modi covered a range of subjects but underlined the importance of doing away with vip culture.
;;0.4019;;namo tv, a channel on the air since march 31 that exclusively featured prime minister modi modis past speeches and content related to the ruling bhartiya janata party (bjp) went off the airwaves on may 17, according to executives of two direct-to-home (dth) operators who asked not to be named.
;;0.2023;;the channel, which carried a picture of modi as its logo, was on air when polling for the general election was underway, leading to protests from opposition parties.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will address jharkhands maiden global investors summit (gis) through video conferencing on february 16, officials of the state industry department said on wednesday.
;;0.5267;;jharkhands maiden investors summit has been organized on the lines of vibrant gujarat, a brainchild of modi.
;;0.5574;;modi has been all praise for das since he took charge of the chief ministers office here on december 28, 2014.
;;0.6808;;the latest in his series of praise for the first non-tribal cm of jharkhand came in december 2016, when modi lauded das for his vision on cashless transactions.
;;0.7506;;prime minister modi tweeted on thursday saying india wins yet again after his bharatiya janata party was leading ahead in 345 seats as votes were being counted for the lok sabha elections.
;;0.7351;;#vijayibharat  chowkidar modi (@narendramodi) may 23, 2019many more rounds of counting will happen, but as leads mirrored projections by many exit polls that predicted a second term for prime minister modi with a big win, the sensex soared to the 40,000-mark for the first time ever.
;;0.4404;;she congratulated prime minister modi and thanked the people on the bjps big victory in the lok sabha polls.
;;0.6249;;a major contribution to the bjps mega performance today has come from the hindi heartland states of madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh and rajasthan, which the party had swept in 2014 but lost to the congress in assembly elections recentlyworld leaders from benjamin netanyahu to shinzo abe too chipped in congratulating pm modi on his big win.
;;-0.4588;;in an election rally in ghaziabad on wednesday, prime minister modi attacked samajwadi partys (sp) new chief akhilesh yadav over his alliance with the congress for the upcoming polls.
;;0.4019;;pm modi urged a mammoth gathering to vote for bharatiya janata party (bjp) in order to end the 14 years of vikas ka vanvaas (isolation of development) in up and also sought hisab (a report card) from akhilesh.
;;0.0;;he said, modi will provide his report card ahead of the 2019 elections, adding that it is time for akhilesh to provide answers.
;;0.4019;;parents from maharashtra are also approaching prime minister modi for help in streamlining the medical admission process.
;;0.0;;the wheels are in motion for prime minister modi to make a state visit to israel sometime later this year.
;;0.0;;there are also increasing signals that modi will break the traditional diplomatic hyphen new delhi has maintained between israel and palestine and will not include a stopover in palestine in his itinerary.
;;0.0;;the coming modi visit will be seen as radical.
;;-0.0772;;while kukde got 4, 42,213 votes, patle secured 3, 94,116 votes in the by-elections necessitated after bjp leader nana patole resigned from the lok sabha in protest against the autocratic style of prime minister modi last year.
;;-0.4606;;while resigning from the lok sabha and as the primary member of the bjp, patole had alleged that prime minister modi does not like being asked questions.
;;0.6808;;exhorting the youth to become job creators, prime minister modi said those with innovative ideas will get all possible help from the government.
;;0.6908;;modi was addressing a gathering of over 2,000 students through video conferencing on the inaugural ceremony of the 22nd national youth festival at gautam buddha university, greater noida on friday.
;;-0.4215;;modi also mentioned mock parliament during his address.
;;0.0;;sakshi singh was right there when prime minister modi arrived at the main gate of the banaras hindu university (bhu) on 25 april to kick off his 7-km road show and election campaign for the varanasi lok sabha seat.
;;-0.4404;;at times we have protested against modi government also, about the cbse paper leak or the clat entrance, he said.
;;0.6124;;mostly, though, the abvp in bhu promotes and benefits from the national rise of the bjp and modi modi.
;;0.4404;;thanks to modi ji, abvps orbit also expanded.
;;0.0;;and when she casts her first vote in varanasi on 19 may, it will be for modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on thursday condoled the passing away of the young children.
;;0.128;;launched more than a year after prime minister modi modis monthly radio programme mann ki baat, kejriwals interaction was live streamed on the website www.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 08:30 istwhen a student present at the isro centre here urged prime minister modi to give him tips to become the president of india, the former jovially asked him why doesnt he aim to become the prime minister instead.
;;-0.2057;;not surprising, prime minister modi made almora lok sabha mp ajay tamta a union minister of state in the second expansion of cabinet in july 2016.
;;0.0516;;read: congress says it wont let modi speak in parliament unless he says sorry to manmohan, rahul attacks pmso, instead of whining when theyre bested by their opponents, the congress should learn the art of giving one better than they get.
;;0.4404;;or would the congress prefer mr. modi to borrow a phrase from the good rev.
;;0.0;;operational metro projects in the country is would be doubled from the present 346 km over the next two years, he said, adding president pranab mukherjee will inaugurate a metro section in bengaluru on june 17, while prime minister modi will inaugurate kochi metro in kerala on the same day.
;;0.0;;up voted in all seven phases of the month-and-a-half long elections, with prime minister modi modis seat, varanasi, voting in the last phase today.
;;-0.4215;;the police on monday registered a sedition case against an organising member of jat dharnas in rohtak for allegedly calling to behead prime minister modi within 24 hours if jat leader yashpal malik asked for it.
;;0.0;;agar aap kaho to hum modi ka sar kaat denge lekin aapka sar nai jhukne denge (if you say, we will behead modi but wont let you down), sombir had announced through a microphone addressing a large gathering, in response to an announcement made by jat leader yashpal malik.
;;-0.1027;;he questioned that why didnt prime minister modi come to jehanabad to campaign for jd (u)s chandravanshi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi interacted with two women from alwar during the radio programme mann ki baat on digital india on friday.
;;0.128;;a week back, modi interacted with laxmi devi of pinan village, who underwent a knee surgery under one of the health schemes launched by his government.
;;0.34;;sneh lata shared his experiences with modi.
;;0.4019;;a letter is being sent to ceo of bse ashish chauhan to consider signing of the mou and also help in setting up a facilitation centre at the two-day uttar pradesh investors summit that prime minister modi is likely to inaugurate on february 21.
;;0.8225;;prime minister modi thanked the people for their unwavering faith in politics of development and good governance.
;;-0.6486;;criticising prime minister modi for questioning the alliance between the sp and the congress, akhilesh said two young leaders had joined hands to stop communal forces in the state.
;;0.4019;;akhtar, who took over as the first woman v-c of jmi in april, met prime minister modi and sought help for the project.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi during a meeting with jamia millia islamias vc najma akhtar has assured all assistance in setting up a medical college-cum-hospital during her tenure, the university said in a statement.
;;0.3818;;on april 8, prime minister modi announced a new concessional line of credit of $4.
;;0.0553;;when prime minister modi visited canada in the spring of 2015, one of the more significant stops on his schedule was at the khalsa diwan societys historic ross street gurdwara.
;;-0.3818;;the bihar government has organised a statewide human chain programme to mark the success of liquor prohibition in the state, which the bjp leader modi has requested to be postponed after 24 people were killed on january 14, when a boat carrying 50 people capsized in ganga river near patna.
;;0.0;;sushil modi had on sunday alleged that negligence of the bihar government led to the boat capsize and said the chief minister should take responsibility.
;;0.7845;;the speculation grew thicker after prime minister modi during an event in patna to celebrate the 350th birth anniversary of guru govind singh praised kumar for implementing prohibition in the state.
;;0.3182;;the sena rarely targeted fadnavis personally, even when it pulled no punches to take on the bjp and its top leaders, including prime minister modi and party chief amit shah.
;;0.7269;;the sena had called a truce with the bjp after the latter supported it unconditionally to win power in the mumbai civic body in february this year and thackeray attended a meeting of the national democratic alliance hosted by modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is expected to speak before khan the same day.
;;0.4019;;during a briefing in new delhi on thursday, foreign secretary vijay gokhale too said modi will focus on indias role in shaping the global agenda at the un general assembly and wouldnt discuss the scrapping of jammu and kashmirs special status.
;;0.4404;;he thanked the leadership of prime minister modi and home minister amit shah for returning him as the chief minister of karnataka.
;;-0.2732;;reach office on time and avoid working from home to set an example for others -- these were some of the instructions prime minister modi gave to the council of ministers on wednesday.
;;0.0;;modi also talked about the five-year agenda which every ministry has to formulate and an impactful decision needs to be taken in the first 100 days of the government.
;;0.0;;the meeting of council of ministers was a regular feature in the previous tenure of the modi government.
;;0.0;;modi used to review the performances of key ministries and sectors.
;;0.4215;;in the first cabinet meeting, the modi government had approved the expansion of the pm-kisan scheme to cover all farmers who will get rs 6,000 financial assistance per annum.
;;-0.6249;;the visit came against the backdrop of unabated violence in jammu and kashmir, which prompted chief minister mehbooba mufti to ask prime minister modi during a meeting on monday to talk to the hurriyat and other stakeholders.
;;-0.296;;there was no official word from the pakistan government or jindal on the meetings, and reports in the pakistani media suggested the businessman had carried a message for sharif from modi.
;;0.0;;modi and sharif could meet on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) meeting to be held in the kazakhstan capital of astana in june even though both countries are yet to confirm such a meeting.
;;0.0;;when nawaz sharif last visited india for the oath-taking ceremony of modi as prime minister in 2014, even then the pakistani prime minister had dropped by to see the jindals in new delhi, the source said.
;;0.5859;;jindal was in lahore in december 2015 when modi made a surprise trip to the eastern pakistani city while returning from an official visit to afghanistan to wish sharif on his birthday and to participate in events before the marriage of mehr-un-nisa, the daughter of maryam nawaz, and raheel munir.
;;-0.0772;;jindal reportedly played a key role in facilitating an hour-long secret meeting between modi and sharif on the sidelines of the saarc summit in nepal in 2014, journalist barkha dutt revealed in her book, this unquiet land  stories from indias fault lines.
;;-0.7506;;the decision was taken by the state government in august last year after prime minister modi hit out at fake cow vigilantes disturbing law and order.
;;0.891;;at the bjps parliamentary party meeting on tuesday, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar pointed out to mps that senior congress leader mv rajasekharan had written a letter to prime minister modi , praising his leadership and it was an endorsement of his popularity.
;;-0.7096;;the former finance minister also criticised prime minister modi over the words he chose to attack his predecessor manmohan singh, saying he should remember that the chair he sat on was used by pandit jawaharlal nehru and even atal bihari vajpayee and hence he should use right language.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/hjwpebyprx  ani (@ani) may 28, 2018swaraj was addressing media personnel on the completion of four years of the modi government and released a book on the achievements of her ministry.
;;-0.3818;;in his visits to many countries, prime minister modi has saved many people from severe punishments.
;;0.3612;;he had first raked up the issue of alleged discrimination in power supply during hindu and muslim festivals and also in allocation of land for kabristan and shamshan, which was later highlighted by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;obviously there has been a premium on candidatures from the bjp and its minor functionaries now seem to have put both modi and devendra fadnavis to a good deal of embarrassment.
;;0.0;;kodnani later became state minister for women and child development during chief minister modi modis government.
;;0.0;;on march 8, prime minister modi laid the foundation stone of indias first regional rail in ghaziabad.
;;-0.0772;;my people wanted me to turn rebel but i am with prime minister modi , he said.
;;0.0;;hemraj choudhary, a local resident, said, whether it is modi government or any other government, whether it is col.
;;0.4767;;adityanaths comments come a day after prime minister modi asked party workers to stand by muslim women who want to fight triple talaq, saying dignity was guaranteed to all under the constitution.
;;0.0;;bhopal: hailing prime minister modi and his cabinets decision to remove red beacons from all vehicles from may 1 as historic chief minister shivraj singh chouhan announced to follow the pms footsteps immediately here on tuesday.
;;-0.3182;;addressing his first election rally here in the state, which goes to simultaneous assembly and lok sabha polls, gandhi said while the previous congress-led upa had created poverty eradication schemes, prime minister modi dismantled everything.
;;-0.6705;;gandhi, whose party is contesting the polls in andhra pradesh alone, said while modi did surgical strikes against the poor his party will carry it out against poverty.
;;0.0;;the fishermen waved black flags at the prime minister modi on his visit last year.
;;0.25;;both countries endorsed the need to resume military ties when prime minister modi met chinese president xi jinping for an informal' summit at wuhan in central china during april 28-29.
;;0.0;;the nda government decided to continue with it after nilekani made a presentation in this regard before prime minister modi in august 2014.
;;0.0;;i dont think about my father, grandmother or great-grandfather as much as mr modi does.
;;0.0772;;i will bet you, whatever you want, that as far as thinking about india is concerned, im spending at least 10 times the amount of time that mr modi is spending.
;;0.0;;and mr modi bought it hook, line and sinker.
;;0.4939;;nilangekar, who had contested on a bjp ticket against his grandfather and former cm shivaji patil nilangekar, took the decision inspired by prime minister modi , who is against dynasty politics.
;;0.0;;significantly, modi had last month asked bjp members not to seek tickets for their relatives.
;;0.5859;;also read: bsf jawan sacked for video on food quality is sps new varanasi candidatein a surprise announcement last week, the samajwadi party had replaced shalini yadav with tej bahadur yadav to contest against prime minister modi from varanasi.
;;0.7096;;pm modi had won the seat in 2014 with a 56 per cent share of the votes polled.
;;-0.7145;;the remarks came after pdp chief and former jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti said if prime minister modi was opposed to article 370 and if it was so bad, then leave the state.
;;0.0;;several bjp leaders, including pm modi and home minister rajnath singh, have spoken against article 370 and article 35a at election rallies for the lok sabha polls.
;;0.6249;;if even half of digital india takes off, modi would be in a position to be the great e-helmsman of the world.
;;0.34;;in his independence day speech, prime minister modi said the government was determined to make india a $5 trillion economy in the next five years through several initiatives, including rs 100 lakh crore of investment in infrastructure.
;;0.0772;;when prime minister modi took over the reins of power in may, 2014, many of his close associates had expressed the opinion that his real challenge would be to re-energise the indian civil service which was inherently resistant to all change, transformation and implementation.
;;0.6597;;much as the key advisors tried to impress on pm modi , the latter vehemently contested against the theory and believed that like the gujarat bureaucracy, the delhi babu would also soon see the light of the day.
;;-0.1027;;rather than choose the upa-i option of firing all those perceived to be close to the vajpayee nda regime, pm modi decided to give all a chance as he wrongly felt that the delhi bureaucracy was not political and would work with the government of the day.
;;-0.1027;;this assumption proved costly to the modi government as two-and-a-half years into power, it is evident that bureaucracy is more of a hurdle than facilitator to nda-ii schemes and programmes.
;;-0.5859;;read: pm modi raps top bureaucrats over procedural delays, grievances pile-upbarring a few infrastructure sectors such as power, roads and highways, the modi government push for skill development or manufacturing through make in india is suffering as the indian civil service chooses to be on a different page from the political leadership.
;;-0.296;;the actions of modi in 2017 reveal that he is no longer willing to give a long rope to babus, instead he wants to make them accountable.
;;0.6124;;rather than play favourites as in the past regimes, pm modi needs to eject the sloth within the indian civil service and ensure that government schemes are implemented in a time-bound manner.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/wiido5wjz9  ani (@ani_news) february 6, 2017prime minister modi on twitter said he had spoken to officials and taken stock of the situation.
;;0.0;;pm modi also tweeted: spoke to officials & took stock of the situation in the wake of the earthquake felt in various parts of north india.
;;-0.296;;it accused prime minister modi of suffocating the judiciary.
;;0.1002;;nonetheless there was overall disappointment both among supporters and detractors of prime minister modi when the union government suo moto ended up awarding a padma vibhushan to pawar this year (the state did not recommend pawar as is the usual practice).
;;-0.4767;;soon pawar was describing modi as a dictator and expressing the apprehension that modi was leading the country towards anarchy.
;;0.1531;;a picture emerges from conversations with ncp workers  pawar was under tremendous pressure from his workers who were hoping he would do a jai pdakash narayan act against modi.
;;0.4404;;bsp chief mayawati saturday alleged that prime minister modi included his caste in the backward category during his tenure as gujarat chief minister to derive electoral profit.
;;-0.1027;;the bsp supremos comments came hours after modi slammed the sp-bsp-rld alliance in uttar pradesh, saying the tie-up of opportunists wants a helpless government because its mantra is jaat, paat japna; janata ka maal apna.
;;0.128;;modi addressed election rallies in kannauj, a sp stronghold, hardoi and sitapur.
;;-0.8442;;the party also kept up its vitriolic attack on prime minister modi over his raincoat jibe at manmohan singh, asking him to stop peeping in others bathrooms and threatening opposition by flagging their horoscopes.
;;0.5719;;slamming modi in its mouthpiece saamana, the party asked him to maintain the dignity of his office and focus on governance instead of threatening opposition parties by flagging their horoscopes.
;;0.3818;;modi, while campaigning in up, threatened that he has the horoscope of opposition parties while chief minister akhilesh yadav retorted by saying horoscopes of all are freely available on the internet.
;;-0.7184;;a war of words erupted between prime minister modi and chief minister mamata banerjee during campaigning in north bengal on the last sunday before the first phase of lok sabha polls in bengal on april 11at back-to-back high-voltage rallies in jalpaiguri and cooch behar districts in the afternoon, the two rivals traded charges over a range of issues.
;;0.0;;roy addressed the rally before modi in the morning.
;;0.0;;modi had dubbed banerjee speed breaker didi at his rallies in bengal on april 3.
;;-0.5423;;the trinamool congress chief, in turn, accused modi of weakening all government institutions.
;;-0.128;;banerjee insisted that the citizenship bill which lapsed in february was draconian and reminded modi of broken promises.
;;0.0;;on april 3, banerjee dubbed modi expiry pm to drive home the point that his present tenure has come to an end.
;;0.4939;;meanwhile, prime minister modi paid a tribute to bal thackeray with a tweet on monday morning, saying, balasaheb thackeray personified courage and emerged as a voice for the aspirations of many people.
;;-0.5106;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 23, 2017the sena also said that it was because of bal thackeray that the bjp did not oust modi , now prime minister, when he was the chief minister of gujarat, after the communal riots following the godhra carnage.
;;-0.5106;;after the godhra riots, atal bihari vajpayee was about to remove modi from the post of the gujarat chief minister, explaining what rajdharma (political religion) is supposed to mean.
;;0.7144;;but shiv sena chief bal thackeray said in clear words that he should not make the mistake of removing modi from gujarat, and if modi goes, then even gujarat will go, the sena said in the editorial.
;;-0.2924;;one thing about prime minister mr modi , which i observed both in 2014 and now, he ensures that we dont make any commitment which is fiscally imprudent.
;;0.4019;;with the bjp set to return to power, its parliamentary board is expected to meet thursday evening at the party headquarters where prime minister modi is likely to make a speech.
;;0.5423;;top party leaders, including bjp president amit shah and some senior union ministers besides modi , are members of the parliamentary board, its highest decision making body.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi , uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav, congress vice-president rahul gandhi and bsp supremo mayawati will be in varanasi on saturday for campaigning in the last phase of up assembly elections.
;;0.8625;;security has been beefed up in the city and officials of the elite special protection group (spg) which guards modi and gandhi are camping in the city to ensure that the entire route where these vvips will move is sanitised and protected.
;;0.0;;amid the high-voltage electioneering, modi , who is also the lok sabha mp from varanasi, is also expected to offer prayers at kashi vishwanath and kal bhairav temples and meet people in various areas after beginning his day from the banaras hindu university around 9 am.
;;0.0;;modi, who will be holding a road show, would start from the bhu gate and will go through ravidas lanka gate, assi, bhadaini, sonarpura, madanpura, gaudolia, bans phatak and would then offer prayers at the kashi vishwanath temple.
;;0.128;;prime minister modi on tuesday launched his election campaign in the poll-bound karnataka to add heft to the bjps efforts to unseat the congress and form government in the southern state for the second time.
;;0.0;;modi addressed rallies in santhemarahalli , udupi and chikkodi.
;;0.0;;57pm: pm modi ends his speech, exhorting people to vote to change the government in karnataka.
;;0.0;;35pm: pm modi begins his address at rally in belgavi.
;;0.0;;55pm: pm modi ends his address at udupi.
;;0.6778;;28pm: your love is such, that language cannot act as a barrier between us: pm modi to the audience at a rally in udupi.
;;0.5417;;22pm: i will not let your hard work go in vain, i will return this love in the form of development, says pm modi in udupi.
;;0.0;;15pm: modi begins his address at the public rally in udupi.
;;0.3818;;3pm: pm modi reaches venue of udupi rally, welcomed with chants of namma modi.
;;0.0;;55pm: modi ends his speech at chamarajanagar.
;;-0.1027;;madam sonia gandhi took that further and said electricity to all by 2009, says modi in attack on top congress leadershipthe congress is led by leaders who have no respect for indias history.
;;-0.3182;;i was shocked that they even went to the level of disrespecting vande mataram, adds modi.
;;0.0772;;18pm: i want to dedicate the historical achievement of the country on 28 april, when all villages in india were electrified, to the workers and labourers of the country on this labour day: modi at chamarajanagar rally.
;;0.4404;;13pm: bs yeddyurappa is the hope of the people of karnataka and he is going to be the next chief minister of the state, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;11pm: there is not a bjp wave in karnataka but it is a bjp storm, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;05pm: pm modi begins his address at chamarajanagar.
;;0.4019;;10am: pm modi has arrived at the rally venue in santhemarahalli and will shortly address, launching the election campaign for his party.
;;0.0;;25am: modi will address a election rally at santhemarahalli in chamarajanagar, deep in southern karnataka, on tuesday around 11 am.
;;0.2732;;during the two-day informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping in wuhan which concluded on april 28, india and china agreed for the first time to implement a joint economic project in war-torn afghanistan.
;;0.5499;;but the discussions which were subsequently sidelined got a major boost at the summit where modi and xi talked cooperation in a third country.
;;-0.6597;;i wont let (aap convener arvind) kejriwal blame (prime minister narendra) modi for all his failures.
;;-0.743;;the 47-year-old leader, who is in the eighth leg of his jana ashirwada yatre, covered bidar, kalburgi, gadag and haveri districts in the election-bound state and launched a blistering attack on prime minister modi , saying that his politics was divisive and aimed at spreading hate.
;;-0.5994;;a day after modi accused the congress of ignoring dalit leader and congress leader in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge, gandhi hit back saying why is the pm silent on atrocities on dalits and muzzling of dalit voice in parliament?
;;-0.3089;;asserting that a congress government in 2019 at the centre would waive all loans of farmers within 10 days of coming to power, he said modi was not interested in their welfare.
;;0.4588;;and, prime minister modi can be seen smiling from posters hung in every nook and corner of this area in the jagaddal assembly segment.
;;0.6705;;samajwadi party leader mohammad azam khan on thursday attacked the bharatiya janata party (bjp), prime minister modi and rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), to woo muslim voters.
;;-0.2023;;khan was speaking at an election rally in kalcheena, modi nagar when he led personal attacks on pm modi and also targeted the rss on certain issues.
;;0.4767;;he made the claim about one major beef exporter, and said that the owners are from a different religion and friends of pm modi.
;;-0.7506;;a penurious family in bihars sasaram town in rohtas district, pleading for euthanasia, has written a letter to prime minister modi as the government has failed to arrange for the treatment of its three sons suffering from rare congenital muscular disease that has left them paralysed at juvenescent ages.
;;0.0;;the states 19 lakh pensioners  elderly, widows, destitute children and differently abled  have not been paid even the paltry amount of rs 500 a month since november when prime minister modi demonetised old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.6249;;indiaupdated: sep 13, 2019 14:30 istprime minister modi on thursday launched a pension plan targeted at farmers, traders, shopkeepers and the self-employed, offering an old-age safety net to people dependent for a livelihood on such largely unorganised sectors, as the centre eyes upcoming assembly elections in jharkhand.
;;-0.0516;;modi used the occasion to list the achievements of the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) government, saying it was working to improve every aspect of the life of the poor, be it health, education or income generation.
;;0.5719;;i am happy i received the pension card from prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;modi also unveiled a multi-model terminal on the ganga in sahibganj, inaugurated a new jharkhand assembly building in ranchi and the ekalvya model residential school scheme for the construction of 462 schools by 2022 besides laying the foundation of a ~1,238-crore secretariat building in the state capital.
;;0.4939;;among the achievements of his government in the first 100 days of its second stint, modi mentioned the criminalisation of triple talaq, the muslim practice that allowed husbands to divorce their wives by uttering the word talaq three times, and the strengthening of anti-terror laws, among other things.
;;0.6908;;subramanian swamy, an outspoken lawmaker in prime minister modi modis ruling party, said rajan was mentally not fully indian and kept interest rates too high.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi modis government has predicated its recent actions on a better deal for the kashmir valley.
;;0.5574;;subsequently, the modi government promised devolution of welfare and developmental finances as well as delivery of economic projects and social programmes through 43,000 elected panchayat and municipal representatives.
;;0.6124;;it was this gap that saw manpreet and chief minister captain amarinder singh call on prime minister modi and union finance minister arun jaitley and pen down requests for enhancing the borrowing limit by rs 10,000 crore to help them procure additional market loans for fulfilling partys farm loan waiver promise.
;;0.3818;;kamals outfit is among many fringe groups that are gained prominence after the bjp-led government under prime minister modi took over.
;;0.0258;;he urged prime minister modi and external affairs minister s jaishankar to take up the matter.
;;0.1531;;prime minister modi is challenging bjp leaders to spread the partys ideology to the farthest corners of the country.
;;0.5267;;modi led the bjp to spectacular victories in the recent five-state assembly polls, winning uttar pradesh and uttarkhand with overwhleming majorities.
;;0.4019;;at the bjp parliamentary party meeting, the sources quoted modi as telling mps that after nearly three years in office, people have started believing that this government was performing.
;;0.4019;;modi also set out another target for party leaders between april 6 and 14, between the partys foundation day and br ambedkars birth anniversary.
;;0.4019;;parliamentarians also adopted a resolution hailing modi for leading the party to the historic victory.
;;0.2732;;earlier during the day, mps greeted modi with a slogan when he walked into the rajya sabha.
;;0.6369;;congress mp adhir ranjan chowdhury, a feisty leader from west bengal, came in for a bit of praise from prime minister modi who called him a fighter after the all-party meeting here on sunday ahead of the start of the 17th lok sabha.
;;0.7783;;it was raining praises for prime minister modi from some global ceos at the vibrant gujarat summit here while one of them went on to say that many in the us wished he could take over the american leadership.
;;-0.2732;;at a time when leadership seems to be at a low, we find it in prime minister modi.
;;0.2023;;he named modi among one of the top three leaders he has ever met.
;;0.5106;;students of government schools across uttar pradesh are likely to get free schoolbags featuring photographs of prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath soon.
;;0.4019;;it will be interesting to see what the government does with those bags  distribute them or replace akhilesh yadavs photograph with the joint image of modi and yogi, a political observer said.
;;-0.3818;;the battle of madhya pradesh rests on a complex interplay of prime minister modi modis overarching popularity, the bharatiya janata partys local vulnerabilities, congress advantage of being in power for five months and its disadvantage of being seen as failing to deliver its promises.
;;0.0;;many claimed that modi , instead of supplementing shivraj singh chouhans campaign, was dragging it down.
;;0.0;;but five months later, modi has returned in the political consciousness of the state.
;;0.0;;who else can provide leadership modi in this country?
;;0.0;;modi has given rural homes.
;;0.2732;;in the same village, a dalit shopkeeper, ratnesh, mentioned he too, was a supporter of modi.
;;0.7096;;i think modi has improved indias image, strengthened our armed forces.
;;0.0;;but i think this country really needs modi for five more years, gajbhiye said.
;;0.0;;modi cannot come and feed us.
;;0.8225;;take balaghat, which had enthusiastic supporters of modi like rahul gajbhiye.
;;0.1531;;we want modi , we do not want kulaste, he added.
;;0.0;;the seeming upswing in india-china ties is likely to continue at the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in the coastal city of qingdao where prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping are slated to meet on saturday.
;;0.8214;;experts have differed on who needs better ties more: xis china with its ongoing trade spat with the us and its interest in the attractive numbers of the indian market or is it indias modi who doesnt want another run-in with beijing as new delhi moves into election mode?
;;0.6956;;the question of pakistan in this context will be secondary but an indication of how far the chinese are ready to accommodate indias own interests and concerns, which was one of the line of the wuhan summit (between modi and xi in april), grare said.
;;0.0;;modi and xi met for nearly 10 hours in less than two days in april during an informal summit in wuhan, leading to, according to diplomats, strategic communication and consensus between the two leaders.
;;0.0;;state home minister satyendra jain trained his guns at the then l-g, asking derisively whether he also sought details of prime minister modi modis foreign tours.
;;0.6478;;while the details of trumps plans to host modi have not yet emerged, the white house visit stands in contrast to the feting of chinese president xi jinping and japanese prime minister shinzo abe at trumps personal retreat, mar-a-lago in florida in a more relaxed atmosphere.
;;-0.3818;;sparks flew in parliament on monday during a fierce debate in the lok sabha on president ram nath kovinds address as the treasury benches slammed critics of prime minister modi for building a false narrative during the lok sabha election campaign and the opposition alleged the government was driven by manipulation.
;;0.5994;;modi, chowdhury claimed, was a big salesman and the bjp succeeded in the lok sabha elections because it sold its product well while the congress could not sell its product.
;;-0.2023;;five teams of national disaster response force (ndrf) were leading the rescue effort in the city, which is also the parliamentary constituency of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.25;;much of this perception has been created by pawar and prime minister modi modis affable terms-on public display at several occasions.
;;0.3612;;while they had a honeymoon period with leaders like former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and pramod mahajan in the past, it now had to deal with prime minister modi and amit shah, he said, adding, ncp further soured the deal for them.
;;0.7096;;the bjp, on its part, through high voltage rallies of prime minister modi , party chief amit shah and home minister rajnath singh, successfully managed to fend off the allegations.
;;0.0;;in his imphal rally, modi called him a 10  chief minister, insinuating okram ibobi singh took a commission for development work.
;;0.4019;;in the words of bjp state president manoj tiwari, the party reinvented itself in delhi using none other than prime minister modi as the benchmark.
;;0.0;;admitting that governance standards in local bodies were wanting before modi took over as the pm, he claimed that having modi as bjps policy would change that.
;;-0.7506;;in an interview at his bengaluru residence with hindustan times, he was critical of prime minister modi and harsh on chief minister siddaramaiah, whom he accused of stabbing him in the back.
;;0.0;;how is your chemistry with modi?
;;0.4588;;modi may have his sweet voice when i meet him.
;;0.8591;;worldupdated: sep 16, 2019 13:04 istus president donald trumps confirmation to join the indian-origin community at the houston event is a special gesture that signifies the special friendship between india and usa, said prime minister modi on monday.
;;0.0;;watch: us president donald trump to attend howdy, modi!
;;0.7964;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) september 16, 2019the special gesture of president @realdonaldtrump to join us in houston highlights the strength of the relationship and recognition of the contribution of the indian community to american society and economy.
;;-0.4404;;#howdymodi  modi (@narendramodi) september 16, 2019indias envoy to the us harsh vardhan shringla has described the joint presence of the two leaders addressing the howdy modi event as historic and unprecedented.
;;0.0;;singla told news agency ani that donald trumps presence reflects not only the closeness and levels in the relationship between the two countries but also the personal chemistry between pm modi and president trump.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi on saturday upped the ante against the congress with stinging remarks on its poll promise of rolling out a minimum income guarantee scheme if voted to power in the lok sabha polls.
;;-0.5106;;they are now saying ab hoga nyay, now there will be justicethis means that they have admitted that they did injustice for 60 years, said pm modi.
;;0.0;;pm modi invoked former tamil nadu chief ministers j jayalalithaa and mg ramachandran to seek vote for the aiadmk candidate at theni lok sabha seat, where he was addressing an election rally.
;;-0.6808;;a saamana editorial on wednesday asked prime minister modi to follow in sri lanka president maithripala sirisenas footsteps and ban burqas and other face veils in india, considering the threat they pose to the nations security.
;;-0.4939;;their fear was the decision may push hindu votes towards modi.
;;0.0;;but adityanath apparently has taken the cue from prime minister modi who hasnt hosted iftar in three years of being in power.
;;0.3612;;union minister nitin gadkari on friday said an alliance between the bjp and shiv sena for controlling the countrys richest civic body, the brihanmumbai municipal corporation, was possible if the state party stopped criticising prime minister modi modi.
;;0.3182;;differences cropped up between the bjp and the sena over saamanas vitriolic writings against senior party leaders, particularly pm modi despite an ideological bond between the two parties, the senior bj leader said.
;;0.7906;;prime minister modi took to twitter on monday to congratulate the nation after the successful launch of chandrayaan-2, indias mission to the moon.
;;0.0;;pm modi tweeted.
;;0.8625;;watch | chandrayaan-2 launch: pm modi watches lift-offefforts such as #chandrayaan2 will further encourage our bright youngsters towards science, top quality research and innovation.
;;0.0;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) july 22, 2019isro confirmed that the 43.
;;0.3612;;sensing the sentiments of the people in the sikh-dominated punjab with regard to a series of desecrations of guru granth sahib since 2015, prime minister modi assured to get the crimes probed by the cbi.
;;-0.4767;;modi rubbished the claims of the aap that the incidents were a handiwork of the sad.
;;0.802;;modi an unmatched pm: badalchief minister badal said modi was an unmatched prime minister, a true statesman, who valued and respected sikhism.
;;-0.5267;;nirupam has been placed under actual house arrest by the mumbai police in the past  in december 2016, he was not allowed to step out of his andheri house after he planned a silent protest at bandra-kurla complex on the sidelines of the bhoomipujan of the chhatrapati shivaji maharaj statue in the arabian sea by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi may address more election rallies than what was originally planned in karnataka as the bjp raises the campaign tempo to wrest back the only southern state it has ever ruled, two party leaders familiar with the matter said.
;;-0.3818;;on may 1, modi launched a blistering attack on the congress and chief minister siddaramaiah, as he floated 2+1 theory to target the dynasty congress.
;;0.0;;modi will return to karnataka again on saturday to address public meetings in tumkur, shivamogga and gadag covering 49 seats.
;;0.872;;with the bjp winning 303 seats for a clear majority in parliament, masoodi said prime minister modi has been gifted with a unique opportunity to create history.
;;0.8442;;the athens olympics silver medallist did 10 push-ups in the video and praised modi , the source of his inspiration for staying fit.
;;0.7269;;so, operation jaldoot of this series, talks of how fadnavis got water to latur via a train with the inspiration clearly from the bal modi strip that tells childhood stories of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.296;;prime minister modi modis flagship make in india was on top of sitharamans agenda.
;;0.4019;;shah is believed to have told the ministers that the bharatiya janata party government in up must emulate the modi government at the centre during a dinner meeting at adityanaths residence on tuesday.
;;0.0;;there is not a single charge of corruption on the modi government that has completed 3 years in power.
;;-0.0258;;earlier in march, prime minister modi , as well as shah, asked party legislators from up against bullying officials in the state and to keep away from seeking transfer and postings of bureaucrats and police officials.
;;0.0;;before the dinner meeting, shah told bjps state working committee that 105 schemes initiated by the modi government could transform up.
;;-0.1531;;invoking of article 324 to abruptly curtail the campaign period in west bengal and giving time to prime minister modi to hold two rallies is unfortunate and not correct, naidu said.
;;0.0;;the state capital of uttarakhand will be the venue for this years national programme on the international yoga day on june 21 with prime minister modi attending it.
;;0.6486;;while modi has been taking credit for balakot, this man (deol) does not even know what actually happened there, he said while addressing an election rally at samana in support of his wife and congress patiala candidate preneet kaur.
;;0.3818;;amarinder singh also slammed modi over his remarks on former pm late rajiv gandhi and his bid to take credit for the achievements of the armed forces.
;;-0.5106;;he said despite his repeated requests, including the letters he wrote to prime minister modi on the issue, the centre has failed to respond so far.
;;-0.5267;;gandhi on friday had accused prime minister modi of humiliating advani, saying disrespecting ones guru is not hindu culture.
;;-0.25;;gandhis swipe at modi over the treatment meted out to advani follows the bjp patriarchs blog published on april 4where he said the bjp never considered its political adversaries as anti-national.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has said that rulers and governments do not make a nation.
;;0.6249;;modi also hailed the ncc cadets saying, when i see you, ncc cadets, i feel confident about the future of india.
;;0.4215;;modi also put his faith in the countrys youth.
;;0.7351;;indian auto shares rose on robust february sales growth of some automakers, which are returning to normalcy from the red since prime minister modi demonetised high currency notes on november 8.
;;-0.2023;;tej bahadur yadav, the bsf jawan who was sacked for his video complaining about the food in 2017, will be the sp-bsp alliance candidate against prime minister modi from varanasi.
;;0.7096;;pm modi had won the seat in 2014 with a 56 per cent share of the votes polled.
;;-0.25;;tej bahadur yadav said he wasnt in the contest for victory or defeat but only to hold the mirror to pm modi.
;;-0.8481;;over the last several weeks, bjp leaders including prime minister modi have been hurling many darts at the congress over its response to major terror attacks, contrasting indias response after the 26/11 mumbai attacks and the pulwama.
;;0.6124;;there have also been assertions how new delhi, under pm modi , called pakistans bluff and delivered on its commitment to national security.
;;0.069;;i will tell the public that pm modi who claims to be well-wisher of the soldiers hasnt fulfilled any of the promises he made to the soldiers, said tej bahadur yadav.
;;0.2023;;and because of its unique indian connection, three weeks from now prime minister modi will become the first head of government to visit its capital mistralino, a significant international recognition of zantean independence.
;;0.6808;;so when the consigliari council invited modi to pay the first official visit after independence, the prime minister, to their delight, agreed.
;;0.2263;;at least three union ministers ht spoke to said mukherjees relationship with prime minister modi remained warm.
;;-0.4019;;pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and his indian counterpart modi could meet on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana in june notwithstanding bilateral tensions, according to a media report in islamabad.
;;0.0;;he said his mps have met prime minister modi and apprised him of the shortcomings of the scheme.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by prime minister modi , approved the proposal of india trade promotion organisation (itpo), a mini ratna category-1 company under the department of commerce, for redevelopment of pragati maidan on tuesday.
;;-0.296;;rahul, who has been at the forefront of attacks against prime minister modi and the nda government on demonetisation that also brought several opposition parties together, is expected to unveil the second phase of its nationwide agitation programme on the issue.
;;-0.5574;;read: back from foreign tour, rahul holds series of meetingshe had also alleged that he has information about the personal corruption by the prime minister and that there will be an earthquake if he is allowed to speak in the lok sabha on the note ban announced by modi on november 8.
;;-0.296;;tuesdays dawn raids saw officers swoop down on locations across new delhi, gurugram, mumbai and chidambarams hometown chennai, escalating pressure on the senior congress leader who has been a vocal opponent of prime minister modi modis government.
;;0.2023;;between now and early next year, the union road transport and highways ministry plans to get prime minister modi to inaugurate at least 50 big-ticket and strategically important highway projects,one of the officials cited above said.
;;0.6124;;manpreet asked the ruling shiromani akali dal to withdraw party representative food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal from the nda government in order to lodge strong protest against prime minister modi for yet another discrimination against punjab.
;;-0.1779;;pm modi has failed to deliver 1/4 of the promises he had made.
;;0.0;;she also urged the voters to remove uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath along with prime minister modi at the centre.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is carrying the bjp on his shoulders in uttarakhand.
;;-0.1779;;atal ne banaya, modi sawarenge (atal created, modi will improve) scream posters dotting the landscape along the 110-km highway between dehradun and new tehri.
;;0.6297;;but, bjps dependence on modi  its most popular leader today  is more of a compulsion than choice.
;;0.0;;modi as the central figure of the campaign is trying to iron out these creases.
;;0.25;;the two and a half year rule of modi is an advantage, tehri garhwal mp mala rajya laxmi shah told ht.
;;0.4215;;modi is popular among people here.
;;0.4019;;the party also said that prime minister modi should make a statement in parliament on the current situation in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;in 2015, prime minister modi visited tesla headquarters at palo alto, california and met musk who gave modi a tour of the companys electric car plant.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi/gonda: conspirators from across the border were responsible for a train derailment near kanpur that killed 150 people and injured more than 200 last november, prime minister modi said on friday.
;;-0.5267;;the modi government has asked the national investigation agency (nia) to probe the sabotage angle.
;;-0.9217;;the location of gonda, along the india-nepal border, probably prompted prime minister modi to caution people about cross-border crime, underscoring the suspected foreign conspiracy in the kanpur train tragedy.
;;-0.3818;;96 lakh in malda district since prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8 2016 culling 86  of the currency in circulation on november 8 last year.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 10, 2019 13:07 istprime minister modi on tuesday inaugurated asias first cross-border petroleum pipeline, between india and nepal.
;;0.0;;modi and nepal premier kp sharma oli had jointly laid the foundation stone for the project at the hyderabad house in new delhi during olis visit to india last year.
;;0.6486;;highest political level     ,         ,            : pm  pmo india (@pmoindia) september 10, 2019pm modi reiterated indias commitment to help in the himalayan nations development.
;;-0.3291;;singhs successor prime minister modi got an informal and intimate dinner on his first visit to the white house in 2015, and a working lunch in 2016, but no state dinner.
;;0.5859;;and as prime minister modi reached the us for his fist visit after assuming office in september 2014, the ustr greeted him with a fresh probe.
;;0.0;;(pti file)as guest at the residence of then indian ambassador to the us, s jaishankar took in the news of the bjps resounding victory in the parliamentary elections in may 2014, diplomats of the two countries huddled away from public view to set up a call between prime minister modi and president obama.
;;-0.4939;;they spoke and obama invited modi , an otherwise formulaic gesture that assumed outsized importance because of the history of the us denying modi a visa, over the 2002 riots in gujarat on his watch as chief minster.
;;0.4939;;modi accepted, of course, and showed up one october night outside the white house for an intimate dinner with obama, who greeted him in gujarati, kem cho (how are you).
;;0.2263;;as everyone else feasted on dinner of crisped halibut, modi nursed a glass of warm water as he was fasting.
;;0.0;;twitter diplomacy, obama returns to india, chews gumprime minister modi with barack obama in new delhi in 2015.
;;0.8885;;(pti file)this republic day, we hope to have a friend overinvited president obama to be the 1st us president to grace the occasion as chief guest, modi wrote in a tweet in november, 2014, breaking the news of obama accepting the invitation, marking a double first for a us president: one, first us president to attend the republic day parade and, two, first us president to visit india twice while still in office.
;;-0.4019;;as he sat with modi behind the protective bullet-proof glass barrier, obama needed a break from an urge to smoke possibly and chewed on a gum to distract himself.
;;0.0;;after a meeting between modi and obama on the sideline of the un general assembly meeting in 2015, india announced its own goal for reducing carob emission.
;;0.0;;and modi was one of obamas leading partners at the paris accord meet in december 2005.
;;0.0258;;the setting for prime minister modi modis two-day informal summit with chinese president xi jinping on april 27 and 28 is, aptly, informal: by the scenic east lake in the historic city of wuhan and likely at the late mao zedongs private villa, according to people familiar with the matter.
;;0.2263;;modi will be flying straight to wuhan, and the two leaders are expected to get into a huddle immediately after he lands on the afternoon of april 27.
;;0.5994;;read: warm handshakes to border standoffs: highs and lows in india, china tiesas the very nature of informal summits goes, its all about the leaders discussing issues, sharing their vision in an informal set up, said a government official on condition of anonymityht first reported on march 17 that modi and xi would meet informally in china.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi will be accompanied by senior officials including national security advisor ajit doval.
;;0.0;;read: backchannel deliberations got modi , xi together but will wuhan bear fruit?
;;0.6705;;prime minister modi on sunday hit out at the opposition parties, attempting to present a united front against the bjp-led ruling coalition, pointing out to prime ministerial ambition of rival leaders.
;;-0.4767;;modi was referring to differing voices in the opposition camp over who could be the pm if the bjp-led ruling coalition is defeated in the upcoming lok sabha elections in april-may.
;;0.25;;follow live updatesthe congress launched its campaign to attack pm modi alleging malfeasance in rafale deal, a defence agreement signed between india and france.
;;0.6124;;congress president rahul gandhi alleged the pm modi scrapped the rafale deal being negotiated during the upa regime to benefit businessman anil ambani, whose reliance defence is an offset partner of dassault aviation, the french company which has got the contract to supply 36 fighter jets to india.
;;0.0201;;nation loves chowkidar, doesnt want kingson sunday, pm modi countered the congresss campaign saying, if everyone becomes chowkidar, will there be any thief to loot resources of the country?
;;0.6597;;a day later, pm modi and all the ministers in his cabinet and party members changed their twitter handle by adding prefix chowkidar to support bjps poll campaign.
;;0.0;;on march 20, pm modi addressed over 25 lakh chowkidars from across the country.
;;0.0;;the word chowkidar (watchman) entered political lexicon of india in 2014, when modi as prime ministerial candidate of the bjp used this at an election rally.
;;0.0;;in his inaugural speech ahead of main bhi chowkidar interaction, pm modi explained why he used the word in his election campaign.
;;-0.128;;the government last year pulled out rs 500 and rs 1000 banknotes in what modi described as a surgical strike on illicit cash and counterfeiting.
;;0.765;;meena, 55, has been fielded again by the bjp and he says he is confident of winning a second term on the basis of the work done by the government of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;people will vote on the basis of works done by prime minister modi modis government.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister modi had last year questioned the long vacation.
;;-0.4019;;chief minister arvind kejriwal on tuesday dared prime minister modi , the bjp-ruled states and the municipal corporations to compare their work with that of the delhi government before criticising it.
;;0.1779;;read | economy to revive from demonetisation setback by june, says govtprime minister modi is not only a social radical but somewhat of an economic radical also.
;;-0.0772;;the pretence of the rbi deciding this step was clearly abandoned when modi personally made the announcement on november 8.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi is like a student struggling with complex issues and he has failed in solving major issues, said congress president rahul gandhi in his report card of the government which is celebrating its fourth anniversary on saturday.
;;0.0;;he also added a personality analysis of modi , calling him a master communicator with a short attention span.
;;0.0;;the modi government began its fifth and last year of governance on saturday before india votes for a new government in next years general election.
;;0.6249;;the upcoming budget is seen by many as the last opportunity for prime minister modi to deliver on his promise of achhe din.
;;0.8555;;it comes at a time when the economy has slowed, and slipped, to a state that is beginning to undo the hope and aspirations underlying the popular mandate modi won from the countrys electorate in may 2014.
;;0.85;;according to the federation of indian chambers of commerce and industry (ficci) , which conducts a survey of a large number of companies every quarter, business confidence had peaked to a five-year high when modi came to power in may 2014, but the euphoria didnt last more than three quarters.
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi has invited us president donald trump to visit india even as the leaders have agreed to work closely in the coming days to further strengthen ties between their countries.
;;0.2263;;modi and trump held a telephonic conversation late on tuesday, and the indian prime minister described their talks as warm.
;;0.2263;;on wednesday morning, modi tweeted:had a warm conversation with president @realdonaldtrump late last evening.
;;0.5267;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 25, 2017president @realdonaldtrump and i agreed to work closely in the coming days to further strengthen our bilateral ties.
;;0.4019;;union finance minister arun jaitley on monday hit back at bahujan samaj party chief mayawati for her remarks against prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.6908;;mayawati had launched a scathing personal attack on pm modi after he accused her of shedding crocodile tears.
;;-0.5106;;in an interview to news agency ani, she accused modi of playing dirty politics.
;;-0.6908;;narendra modi was silent on alwar gang rape case.
;;-0.5267;;the bsp boss said wives dont let their husbands go near the pm out of fear that they may also leave them modi left his wife.
;;-0.1779;;asks pm modi in ups ghazipurat a poll rally on sunday, pm modi had hit out at mayawati over the rape case and challenged her party to withdraw support from the congress government in rajasthan.
;;0.0;;if modi had genuinely been a backward caste person, he would not have objected to bungalows owned by dalit and obc people.
;;0.6124;;armed with his assessment, prime minister modi and home minister amit shah decided to nullify articles 370 and 35a with the objective of ensuring kashmirs development and a better future.
;;-0.5994;;the need for pm modi to send his point-person doval to kashmir was to make sure that there was no over-reaction by security forces to any agitated youngster in the valley and to prevent pakistan from getting an opportunity to cry human rights violation in geneva.
;;0.6705;;prime minister modi liked 16-year-old gayatri singhs explosive appeal for her right to live in a clean environment so much that he included the girls audio clip in the 30th edition of his mann ki baat monthly radio address on sunday.
;;0.5719;;modi quoted the girls message to draw peoples attention towards cleanliness, which is necessary for the success of his governments signature programme, swachh bharat.
;;0.0;;soon after, social media was buzzing with tweets fact-checking pm modi.
;;-0.5994;;in this interview, pm modi had outlined how the government had decided to go ahead with the strike at jaish-e-mohammeds biggest terror training camp despite a cloud cover.
;;-0.3612;;it was this deposit made three days after prime minister modi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities, who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the november 8 demonetisation announcement.
;;0.0;;he said the crowd in the sp-congress alliance road show was much bigger than the one by pm modi.
;;0.5994;;he claimed that the bjp would win since modi was working hard to bring about a positive change in the lives of poor people.
;;0.4019;;whatever may be the results, what is interesting is that it has become modi versus akhilesh in chats at various locations.
;;0.5267;;days after the opposition sought a motion for his removal, chief justice of india dipak misra will come face to face with some of those leaders on may 2 at a meeting led by prime minister modi for planning celebrations on mahatma gandhis 150th birth anniversary.
;;0.0;;apart from modi , the cji and the opposition leaders, the panel includes all state chief ministers, senior bjp ministers and eminent scholars.
;;0.0;;gueterres has steadfastly held to his position publicly and privately, his spokesman stphane dujarric said last week, citing the secretary generals meeting with prime minister modi on the sidelines of the g-7 in biarritz, france, phone conversation with pakistans foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi and personally to permanent representative lodi.
;;0.0;;despite these repeated rebuffs, pakistan has continued its efforts and prime minister imran khan is expected to raise it once again in his maiden speech to the un general assembly on september 27  the same day as prime minister modi  and his delegation will raise it all the usual meeting, think tank events and media interaction that lace on the sidelines of the debates.
;;-0.0005;;the conservative party uses images and video footage of prime minister modi in campaign literature targeted at the indian community, which is not always appreciated in the community.
;;-0.836;;prime minister modi on thursday sharpened his attack on the opposition and said afraid of defeat in the elections they are spreading lies.
;;-0.4404;;follow live updatespm modi said the opposition is scared because once the bjp comes back to power their corruption will be finished.
;;-0.7579;;when modi comes back again then their corruption will be completely finished, their dynastic politics will be finished, their loot in name of poor will stop, their politics of case and religion will stop, he added.
;;0.0;;they are saying that if modi comes to power again, elections would be done away with.
;;-0.7269;;prime minister modi on tuesday warned people against falling for rhetoric by rivals and elect a weak an unstable government of those who plundered the state exchequer and created lawlessness and anarchy in the state.
;;-0.875;;modi alone can wipe out terror outfits operating from pakistan and the factories of terrorism in pakistan occupied kashmir (poks) are on his hit list, he said.
;;0.4767;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister modi has given ex-post facto approval to the proposals for extension of tenure of loans under the clss vertical of pradhan mantri awas yojana (urban) mission from 15 to 20 years, said an official statement.
;;0.2617;;it is highly deplorable that the bjp has used all available platforms to not only propagandise itself but serve a perilous mix of high-pitched nationalism and strongman branding of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.0772;;the juggernaut picked up momentum in the last few weeks with the release of the trailer of pm modi an eponymous movie made on the pm and stealth introduction of a television channel namo tv.
;;0.0;;theres also the television series modi: a common mans journey, flash mobs, embedded publicity in television serials, tea cups in railways and bindi packets bearing modis mugshot, audio cards displaying indias military action against pakistan with modis voice urging people to vote, and so on.
;;0.25;;bollywoods participation in bjps propaganda has been extensive with actors, film makers, writers and lyricists openly backing modi , running down his political rivals especially congress president rahul gandhi, trolling anyone with independent opinions, and aligning their creative work with modis agenda.
;;0.4767;;its one-liner hows the josh became an anthem used by modi , his party colleagues, even defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
;;0.6808;;the pro-modi lobby in popular culture seems to be saying: demonstrable support to modi and/or bjp is all kosher, demonstrable opposition is not.
;;-0.5859;;prime minister modi took a jibe on wednesday at predecessor manmohan singh, saying he showered with a raincoat on when multiple scams were happening around him.
;;-0.0685;;twitter.com/uuhxum333y  ani (@ani_news) february 8, 2017congress members vowed they wont allow modi to speak in parliament until he apologised.
;;0.5267;;almost three months later, modi responded: we have the ability to pay back in the same coin  if someone used such words, then he should be ready to hear the reply.
;;-0.7964;;soon after prime minister modi modis historic announcement to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes to curb the menace of black money, graft and terror funding, analysts including at the finance ministry and reserve bank of india have lowered the gdp projection for 2016-17.
;;-0.1891;;in the victory of mb patil you can see that the failure to capture the lingayat votes was not because of the rallies of prime minister modi , as patil could not be defeated in babaleshwar.
;;-0.5106;;prime minister modi launched a scathing attack at rahul gandhi at his maharashtra rally on wednesday, accusing the congress president of targeting him and his community because he was from a backward community.
;;-0.7506;;it was a counter to rahul gandhis recent attack, also delivered at a maharashtra rally, where he asked people why all thieves have modi in their names.
;;0.0;;gandhi listed fugitive businessman nirav modi and former cricket administrator modi as two examples and wondered how many more such modis will come out.
;;-0.5267;;he says everyone having modi in his name is a thief.
;;0.6249;;the sitting mp from the seat and senior nationalist congress party leader, vijaysinh mohitepatil shared dias with pm modi.
;;-0.4588;;at the rally, pm modi targeted ncp chief sharad pawar saying, sharad rao attacked me over my familyyou cant walk the path as modiyour model is a particular family of delhi, you learn from them and follow them.
;;0.0;;however, the plan was reworked and pm modi addressed his public rally in solapur.
;;0.0;;at his rally, pm modi took a dig at sharad pawar for deciding not to contest the lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;people are campaigning on their own to bring modi back, to give the reins of the country to modi again, he said.
;;-0.5106;;opposition leaders on tuesday staged a walk out in the lok sabha after they failed to get the prime minister modi to respond to the statement of us president donald trump claiming that the indian prime minister modi had asked him to mediate in the kashmir issue, reported news agency ani.
;;0.0;;or did pm modi ask @potus to mediate?
;;-0.2263;;congress leader rahul gandhi also, demanded a clarification from none other than prime minister modi .
;;0.4588;;if true, pm modi has betrayed indias interests & 1972 shimla agreement.
;;0.34;;the congress along with other opposition parties on monday night demanded a clarification from modi on whether there has been a shift in indias position of no third party involvement in the kashmir issue after trump offered to mediate between india and pakistan on the matter.
;;-0.4215;;to ask a foreign power to mediate in j&k by pm modi is a sacrilegious betrayal of countrys interests.
;;-0.762;;in another tweet, surjewala said deeply disturbing and distressing is the claim by trump that pm modi made a request to him for mediation on kashmir.
;;0.0;;trump, who is known to make inaccurate statements, claimed prime minister modi asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;he has either not been briefed or not understood what (prime minister) modi was saying or what indias position is on 3rd-party mediation.
;;0.5187;;also read | no such request made by pm modi , says foreign minister s jaishankar on trumps kashmir mediation claimpersonally i think @realdonaldtrump is talking out of his hat when he says @pmoindia asked for us involvement in solving the kashmir issue but id like to see @meaindia call trump out on his claim, abdullah tweeted.
;;0.3612;;yanamala equated prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah with dictators like hitler and mussolini, and said their dictatorial attitude had led to deterioration of the political culture of the bjp.
;;0.0;;under any circumstances, modi should not become the prime minister again.
;;-0.34;;it also alleged that the modi government was trying to make the states paupers by denying them funds so that they would depend on the centre.
;;0.0;;though the modi government said the devolution of the resources to the states had been enhanced from 32  to 42 , in reality it is only 36 .
;;0.5859;;the unilateral style of functioning of modi government has led to loss of faith and trust of the states over the central government.
;;0.3612;;in his campaign speech at a rally before the assembly election, prime minister modi had come down heavily on corruption in the state and promised a cag audit of gda and all development authorities if the bjp is elected to power.
;;-0.8176;;actor kaushik sen, who is one of the signatories of the letter written to prime minister modi on the issue of mob violence, said on thursday that he has received a threat call.
;;0.3818;;the handover took place five days after prime minister modi in a telephonic conversation with his nepali counterpart pushpa kamal dahal expressed indias commitment to the smooth conduct of the polls.
;;-0.4767;;10) mythical characters to aligarhs locks: modi uses local icons for voter connectprime minister modi modis metaphors  from festivals to funerals  for attacking opponents have been the talking point of mandate 2017 in uttar pradesh.
;;0.4404;;india will launch the geosynchronous satellite launch vehicle (gslv-f09) carrying the gsat-9 or the south asia satellite, which prime minister modi said will be a priceless gift to neighbouring countries, from the satish dhawan space centre in sriharikota in andhra pradesh on friday.
;;-0.6124;;the film, titled pm modi , was earlier set to release on april 11 but was banned by the election commission.
;;0.5719;;the rjd member also pulled up the government for not doing enough to popularise yoga even though prime minister modi had taken several initiatives to create awareness of the ancient art world wide.
;;0.3612;;at this point, modi intervened and assured the house of taking necessary steps.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, deputy chief minister modi informed the state assembly that two sugar mills namely majaulia sugar industries ltd , majaulia and hpcl bio.
;;-0.3818;;residents of east delhi said that while both aam aadmi party (aap) and bjp have failed to live up to their expectations, they backed bjp as they hope prime minister modi will clear the mess and financial crisis in the civic body.
;;-0.1027;;though, bjp has failed to live up to our expectations we expect that under the close supervision of modi , the corporation will fare better, he said.
;;0.0;;for different reasons, adityanaths address also had a liberal mention of prime minister modi and congress chief rahul gandhi.
;;0.5859;;under modi we dont feed biryani to terrorists, we feed them with bullets, yogi added for good measure while targeting the congress for being hand in glove with maulana badruddin ajmal- led all india united democratic front (aiduf).
;;0.2732;;president xi and prime minister modi during their meetings have agreed to deepen bilateral cooperation and make joint efforts to build even closer development partnership, he said.
;;0.7845;;with its industry friendly policies, uttar pradesh has created a favourable atmosphere for investment and realise prime minister modi modis dreams.
;;0.6597;;prime minister modi and several top bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders hailed late pm narasimha rao (of the congress) on the latters birth anniversary on friday, signalling the beginning of an attempt to appropriate the legacy of a man responsible for ushering in economic reforms and who was also ignored by the congress in his later years.
;;0.5859;;the barrage of praise for rao comes a day after modi criticized the congress party for only highlighting the achievements of its first family.
;;0.4215;;he will be remembered for taking pioneering steps that contributed to national progress, modi tweeted from osaka.
;;0.5719;;a senior congress leader who worked with rao said, modi has been trying to create a rift in our ranks as it helps his divisive politics.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on monday vowed to spend more than $1.
;;-0.8258;;75 targetspm modi remains very popular, but his government has come under fire over its handling of the fast-growing economy, particularly the failure to create jobs for the millions of youths coming on the labour market each year and the severe debts hitting farmers.
;;0.2144;;a last-minute blitz by prime minister modi helped the bharatiya janata party (bjp) surge ahead of the ruling congress in karnataka assembly elections, but it fell just short of the magic figure.
;;0.4767;;indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 01:41 ista key role has been chalked out for women members of gram panchayats in the ambitious jal jeevan mission  which aims at increasing the piped water network in india  announced by prime minister modi in his independence day speech last month from the ramparts of the red fort.
;;0.0;;demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1000 bills was announced by prime minister modi on november 8 last year.
;;0.5859;;if that happens, prime minister modi , the face of the bjps campaign, will win a second term in office.
;;0.0;;9:15 am ist pm modi leads in varanasi by over 11,000 votes pm modi is currently leading by over 11,000 votes in uttar pradeshs varanasi lok sabha seat.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , several union ministers, bjp chief amit shah, congress president rahul gandhi and upa chairperson sonia gandhi are among key leaders who contested the polls.
;;0.2732;;thats the plan, according to ramesh noone, an it professional and a supporter of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.2263;;6:45 am ist battle of margins for political bigwigs all eyes will be on uttar pradesh on thursday, the day of counting of votes, when the fate of top leaders including prime minister modi , upa chairperson sonia gandhi, congress chief rahul gandhi, samajwadi party patron mulayam singh yadav and president akhilesh yadav, rld chief ajit singh and his son jayant chaudhary will be decided.
;;0.128;;this was supplemented with repeated accusations that the modi government essentially favoured a set of crony capitalists.
;;-0.34;;1:37 am ist at national level, elections were a battle between nda, upa at the national level, it was a battle between the nda, led by the bjps modi , and the united progressive alliance (upa), led by congress president, rahul gandhi, who was, however, not the alliance or partys declared prime ministerial face.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi would be addressing poll rallies in aalo in arunachal pradesh, moran in assam and gohpur in assam.
;;0.5267;;we have a target of winning all the seats and the bjps mission is 60 plus two, khandu said while addressing an election rally here in the presence of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.9325;;03:35 pm ist approved five new bridges on brahmaputra: pm modi constructed roads in villages and cities, our government has also approved five new bridges on brahmaputra for assams welfare: pm modi03:33 pm ist when world is praising india, opposition is raising questions on indias achievement: pm modi in assam whole world has been praising the india for its development steps and security stances.
;;0.1901;;but the opposition has been raising questions on indias achievements: pm modi in assams gohpur03:30 pm ist backed congress in 1971 when india defeated pakistan in war: pm modi in assam we supported congress in 1971 when the then government defeated pakistan and provided freedom to bangladesh, but today congress has been raising questions on our soldiers valour: pm modi in assam03:25 pm ist worked with honesty for assam: pm modi in assam i have worked with honesty for the betterment of assam, congress only destroyed the states: pm modi in assam02:00 pm ist bjp chief amit shah files nomination from gandhinagar lok sabha seat amit shah files nomination from gandhinagar lok sabha seat, top nda leaders including union home minister rajnath singh, union finance minister arun jaitely, shiv sena chief uddhav thackrey and gujarat chief minister vijay rupani accompany him.
;;0.6187;;01:52 pm ist working to develop northeast as indias new energy hub: pm modi northeast has power to become new indias new energy hub, govt is working hard to develop region for realising this dream: pm modi in moran.
;;0.1901;;: pm modi people are happy with bjp govt but it is only congress and terrorists who are not happy: pm modi at moran rally,reports news agency pti.
;;-0.7717;;we are thinking to provide schedule tribe status to assams six communities: pm modi01:40 pm ist congress donot want to see anyone associated with tea business: pm modi congress has problems with chowkidars and chaiwalas, initially i thought the problem was with only one chaiwala but after touring whole country i realised that they dont want to see any chaiwala or anyone associated with tea business: pm modi in assams moran01:34 pm ist when asat test was done, congress had tears in their eyes: pm modi whole world stood with india after surgical strikes, but congress did not.
;;-0.0;;when our scientist carried out a-sat test, congress got tears in their eyes: pm modi in assam01: 30 pm ist assam first state to provide gas and fuel to nation, but only 40  residents of assam got gas connections in 70 years: pm modi assam was the state where india for the first time got fuel and oil but only 40 percent of the houses of this state got gas connection, but now within 5 years we have taken the number to 85 percent.
;;0.9179;;12:02 pm ist congress made fun of our scientists: pm modi congresss statement after surgical strikes were seen by the nation, even when our scientist had achieved what only three countries could, congress made fun of them also: pm modi while addressing poll rally in arunachal                 ,     ,             ,           :   @narendramodi #northeast4modi  bjp (@bjp4india) march 30, 201911:55 am ist double engine of growth for arunachal after 2019 ls polls: pm modi i believe youth of arunachal pradesh, i am sure nda government at both centre and state will act as double engine of growth for the state: pm modi11:52 am ist congress is blinded by love for neighbouring country : pm modi congress and its leaders have been blinded by the love for neighbouring country to the point that they dont cherish northeast or india anymore, their statements are being flashed in pakistan: pm modi11:40 am ist other pms did not visit arunachal pradesh in 30 years, i visited northeast 30 times in 5 years: pm modi in arunachal pradeshs aalo it is after 30 years that a prime minister has visited arunachal pradeshs aalo, but in bjps rule prime minister has visited northeast over 30 times within five years: prime minister modi while addressing poll rally in arunachal pradeshs aalo11:38 am ist bjp president amit shah holds road show in gandhinagar gujarat: bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah holds a road show in ahmedabad,reports news agency ani.
;;0.9761;;i feel fortunate to be announced bjps candidate from lok sabha seat which was once lok sabha seat to lk advani and atal bihari vajpayee: bjp president amit shah11:10 am ist if we can credit indira gandhi for 1971 war victory, why cant we credit modi for airstrikes: rajnath singh in 1971 atal bihari vajpayee congratulated indira gandhi for war victory over pakistan because we placed nation first and party later but congress has been trying to discredit modi modis decision making abilities: union home minister rajnath singh11:08 am ist india will soon be one of the top 3 super powers of the world: union home minister rajnath singh it is modi who has taken india ahead of time, if given second chance then nda government under modi modis leadership will soon be regarded as one of the top three super powers of the world: union home minister rajnath singh10:55 am ist nda government is power to the poor government: ram vilas paswan nda government is power to the poor government, we made sure sc/st and obc get economically and socially stronger: ljp founder ram villas paswan10:51 am ist kaun banega pm: uddhav thackerays poser to opposition grand alliance should hold a rally together and announce pm candidate, they are all busy proving different leaders as pm candidates: uddhav thackeray10:50 am ist some people were celebrating thinking bjp and shiv sena are fighting, but we are on same track now: shiv sena chief uddhav thackery people must be surprised that i reached at amit shahs nomination filing.
;;0.6908;;birol, who met pradhan on the sidelines of the ceraweek which kicked off yesterday, told reporters that the leadership of prime minister modi has provided a strong impetus to indian economy, particularly in terms of boosting oil and gas production.
;;0.0;;there were 17,165 million pieces of rs 500 notes and 6,858 million pieces of rs 1,000 notes in circulation on november 8, 2016, the day prime minister modi made the announcement of demonetising the two high denomination notes.
;;0.875;;bharatiya janata party (bjp) chief amit shah held a series of public meetings in uttar pradesh where he pitched party as one of nationalists under whom the nation was secure and praised prime minister modi while describing former prime minister manmohan singh as mauni baba (the silent one).
;;0.4404;;the five-year rule of the modi government is better than the 55-year rule of the congress or the 25 years of sp and bsp governments in uttar pradesh.
;;0.4754;;one more term for pm modi will make india become all the more powerful and a world leader, he added.
;;0.7096;;later speaking to newspersons, she praised prime minister modi and extended support to sonu nigam, who is embroiled in a controversy over his tweet on loudspeaker use for azaan.
;;0.0;;however, what he does not realise is that the political discourse in the state has changed ever since modi became prime minister.
;;0.5106;;the development comes after prime minister modi called for making cities free of plastic.
;;-0.5994;;we have been handed a death certificate by the ruling modi government.
;;0.3818;;the bjp has pushed for stronger protections for cows during the leadership of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the officials said the ccs headed by prime minister modi will take the final decision now that both the countries have completed negotiations to close the deal.
;;0.0;;sitharaman also referred to congress vice-president rahul gandhis khoon ki dalali barb at prime minister modi last year.
;;0.5106;;after spending over 15 hours meditating at a holy cave near the kedarnath shrine, prime minister modi on sunday arrived at badrinath, another temple in uttarakhands revered char dham.
;;0.0;;pm modi stepped out wearing a garland of tulsi leaves after offering prayers at the badrinath temple.
;;0.5719;;had the honour of joining the puja at the temple today, pm modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/achjximztu  chowkidar modi (@narendramodi) may 19, 2019after offering his prayers at the temple, pm modi sat down to meditate in the mountains.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/o01ipj5dl3  chowkidar modi (@narendramodi) may 19, 2019the prime minister will return to delhi this evening after a two-day visit to the hill state.
;;0.0;;watch: day after campaign ends, pm modi meditates in cave near kedarnath shrinethe temple, which is located at a height of over 10,000 feet in the garhwal hills, is among the char dham shrines which include gangotri, yamunotri and kedarnath in uttarakhand.
;;0.4588;;modi, who yesterday visited kedarnath temple, offered prayers at the innermost sanctum of the temple dedicated to lord shiva.
;;0.128;;also read | food, call bell, phone: cave pm modi meditated in can be rented for rs 990/dayafter ending his meditation today at a holy cave nearby, modi was seen meeting devotees dressed in a maroon robe.
;;0.4215;;modi circumambulated the temple and later interacted with local officials, even taking time out to monitor the progress of ongoing development works in the area.
;;0.0;;in november last year, prime minister modi had visited the kedarnath shrine during diwali.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi may end up addressing 21 election rallies in karnataka, instead of the 15 planned earlier, in a late campaign blitz before the may 12 assembly polls, two bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders familiar with the matter said.
;;0.0;;modi began on tuesday the second round of his campaign in the southern state, addressing three rallies in chamrajanagar, udupi and belagavi.
;;0.7184;;the second bjp leader said the number of rallies modi is to address were increased because of the positive public response to his public meetings on tuesday.
;;-0.8225;;a couple of opinion polls have predicted a close contest between the congress and the bjp in the southern state, and political rivals accused modi of shying away from the campaign for fear of a loss.
;;0.0;;karnataka has a 224-member legislative assembly and the 21 rallies modi may end up addressing in the state are fewer than the 34 he spoke at in gujarat, which has a 182-member assembly.
;;-0.3818;;on tuesday, modi launched a blistering attack on the congress and chief minister siddaramaiah, as he floated 2+1 theory to target the dynasty congress.
;;-0.6249;;indiaupdated: jul 31, 2019 21:28 istindia and the uk will jointly launch a new global coalition for disaster resilient infrastructure, first mooted by prime minister modi , on the margins of the un general assembly in september, british envoy dominic asquith said on wednesday.
;;0.0258;;modi had raised the coalition during a meeting with japanese prime minister shinzo abe on the margins of the g20 summit in osaka on june 27 and sought tokyos backing for the initiative.
;;-0.8316;;prime minister modi went to lahore and it was followed by the pathankot terrorist attack and today in jurian.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi on tuesday replied to the 17th lok sabhas discussion on the motion of thanks to president ram nath kovind for his address to the joint sitting of parliament.
;;0.296;;for prime minister modi it will be about surviving in the untamed wilderness of the corbett national park in uttarakhand, although we will have to wait till august 12 to find out how he does so.
;;0.7906;;modi, a sprightly 68, will feature in discovery channels popular man vs wild show with survivalist and adventurer bear grylls on august 12, the channel announced on monday.
;;0.0;;speaking about the show, prime minister modi said, for years, i have lived among nature, in the mountains and the forests.
;;0.0;;a trailer for the programme shows modi , 68, driving into the jim corbett national park in northern india guided by grylls.
;;0.5709;;you are the most important person in india, its my job to protect you, grylls tells modi.
;;0.0;;the trailer also has images of modi following grylls as he treks through the wilderness, and the duo on a small inflated raft on a river in the park (the ramganga and the kosi flow through corbett).
;;0.296;;modi will proceed to tirumala hills later in the evening and worship lord venkateswara.
;;0.6705;;the whole country is now admiring the developmental work and good governance of our prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7269;;bjp is going to highlight the success of modi government and the development works bjp governments are pursuing in different states.
;;-0.2023;;activist ajay kumar had written to prime minister modi in november, urging him to ban plastic toys that are given as freebies with packaged snack items.
;;0.5423;;praising prime minister modi for his decision to scrap higher denomination banknotes, human resource development minister prakash javadekar claimed that the country has been transformed.
;;-0.2434;;under the modi government, the honest have nothing to fear, only the dishonest have suffered, javadekar said.
;;0.4939;;javadekar further praised modi for saving 8,000 crore under urea subsidy.
;;0.0;;modi introduced neem coated urea that ensures a slow release of nitrogen, thereby increasing the productivity by 10 .
;;0.0;;the stage is all set for prime minister modi modis public rally set to be held in kurukshetra on wednesday.
;;0.34;;talking to hindustan times, kurukshetra superintendent of police astha modi said 1,700 cops have been deputed to monitor security arrangements.
;;0.7717;;prime minister modi on thursday congratulated the defence scientists for successfully testing the interceptor missile and said that it was a proud moment for the entire country.
;;0.0;;india and china will for first time implement a joint economic project in war-torn afghanistan, officials said on saturday at the end of the two-day informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping.
;;-0.1027;;baloch dissidents, many of them living in self-exile in europe, were enthused when prime minister modi raised the issue of rights violations in balochistan last year.
;;0.2023;;congress president rahul gandhi congratulated prime minister modi and his bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led national democratic alliance (nda) for their victory in the lok sabha polls as he conceded defeat, saying he accepted the peoples mandate.
;;0.5423;;first of all, i want to congratulate modi and the bjp.
;;0.8047;;there are two different views but we have to admit that modi and the bjp have won, he said.
;;-0.8481;;lekhi had asked the court to initiate criminal contempt action against gandhi for twisting the top courts april 10 judgment to claim that the court declared prime minister modi guilty of corrupt practices in purchase of the rafale aircraft.
;;-0.1027;;since political funding has been accepted by all parties as a relevant issue in curbing black money and stopping corrupt politicians, no one can deny that prime minister modi has done something which should have been done long back, he added.
;;-0.0516;;the chief minister, who will leave for the national capital tonight, would meet prime minister modi and a host of union ministers during his visit.
;;0.2732;;tomorrow morning at 10 am, meeting has been fixed with prime minister modi , and on certain developmental works relating to the state i will be meeting several ministers, including the railway minister among others, yediyurappa said.
;;0.0;;and it all started with prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5719;;akhilesh yadav was quick to hit back at modi as he gave his own interpretation of scam.
;;-0.296;;there is no difference between modi and akhilesh.
;;0.3818;;the modi government, in these years, either met or exceeded expectations of 61  of the people surveyed while 59  felt it was on track to fulfil pre-poll promises, says a survey by localcircles.
;;0.0;;the areas in which the modi government scored high were foreign policy, especially vis--vis pakistan, its handling communalism, infrastructure development and performance in parliament in terms of delivery on key bills.
;;0.128;;the ayushman bharat scheme was launched by prime minister modi in september last year.
;;0.4019;;political heavyweights in the fray in up include prime minister modi , union home minister rajnath singh, former congress president sonia gandhi, samajwadi party patron mulayam singh yadav and his son and sp national president, akhilesh yadav.
;;0.2023;;modi filed his nomination papers on friday with the top national democratic alliance leadership by his side.
;;0.0;;the two main opponents of prime minister modi are ajay rai of the congress and shalini yadav of the sp.
;;0.3182;;after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi launched the swachh bharat campaign last year with an aim to drive cities towards becoming clean.
;;0.0;;but this time, we are listening to news about prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi etc, he added.
;;0.3875;;prime minister modi , speaking to the scientists, said they should not be disheartened and should look towards a new dawn.
;;0.7269;;modi hailed indias scientist and assured them that they had the support of the entire country.
;;0.0;;watch | uproar in ls: oppn insists pm modi must clarify on trumps kashmir remarktrump, speaking to reporters during pakistan pm imran khans us visit, had claimed that pm modi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;-0.2263;;the opposition, led by the congress, demanded a statement by pm modi.
;;0.0;;rahul gandhi tweeted that pm modi must must tell the nation what transpired in his meeting with donald trump.
;;0.4588;;if true, pm modi has betrayed indias interests & 1972 simla agreement.
;;-0.6705;;the congress on thursday demanded a public apology from prime minister modi for misleading the nation by distorting, twisting and falsifying rahul gandhis speech in manipur on tuesday.
;;0.0;;modi referred to gandhis reported comment that he was waiting for the day when packaged coconut juice from manipur would sell in london.
;;0.0;;modi and gandhi have targetted each other in public meetings.
;;0.836;;this gives him a clear edge over his ministers as prime minister modi during his election campaign in the state had expressed his resolve to uproot corruption if the bjp won the election.
;;0.2732;;disability pension too would be increased from rs 300 to rs 500, officials said, and the states handicapped welfare department would now be known as the divyang jan kalyan vibhag, in accordance with the term  divyang  coined by prime minister modi for the disabled.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi flagged concerns about the possible impact of the recent changes in australian visa regulations for skilled professionals during a telephonic conversation with his counterpart malcolm turnbull on tuesday.
;;0.7351;;turnbull called modi to thank him for the success of his recent visit to india.
;;0.4168;;it was not a conspiracy, said bharti, the 58-year-old water resources minister in the modi government.
;;-0.8807;;spoiling environment for future generations immoral and criminal, says pm modiit would be an immoral and criminal act to spoil the environment for future generations, prime minister modi said on tuesday, and underlined the need to protect nature, as the donald trump administration mulls to overturn the us position on the 2015 paris climate accord.
;;0.5106;;modis four-nation tour: pm arrives in spain, aims to improve economic and cultural relationsprime minister modi on tuesday night reached madrid in spain, the second leg of his six-day, four-nation tour in europe.
;;0.5984;;landed in spain, marking the start of a very important visit aimed at improving economic and cultural relations with spain, modi tweeted.
;;0.5859;;opinion: modi is here for another 7 years and oppn can do little about it, writes vir sanghvimost indians believe that modi will win the next election and therefore a second term as prime minister.
;;-0.7841;;ians had earlier quoted defence minister nirmala sitharaman as saying that the people of karnataka have rejected the divisive, toxic and very negative politics of congress to vote for prime minister modi modis development thrust.
;;0.807;;i thank the 22 crore people of up who, on the call of the worlds most popular leader pm modi and bjp chief amit shah, elected the party with three-fourths majority, he said.
;;0.1531;;prime minister modi was worried about the state of affairs in up, and wanted to bring it back on the path of progress.
;;-0.2263;;prime minister modi on wednesday fired a salvo at both pakistan and the congress party while addressing a rally at surendranagar in gujarats saurashtra region.
;;0.0;;addressing the crowd, modi added, today is mahavir jayanti.
;;-0.0772;;reacting to the partys losses, jmm spokesperson supriyo bhattacharya welcomed the peoples mandate and congratulated prime minister modi and his team.
;;0.4767;;meanwhile, the bhartiya janata party held rallies by prime minister modi , bjp chief amit shah, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley and defence minister manohar parrikar in the two states.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi held two elections rallies in jalandhar and kotkapura in the state where he flagged the issue of threat from pakistan to seek votes for sad-bjp combine, which he claims alone could provide a stable government that would guarantee safety and security of the state.
;;0.0;;, trump said at a white house meeting with state governors in march, referring to a phone conversation with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will be the chief guest at the event to be organised on the closing day.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister modi on friday called the congress party a sinking boat and accused it of bad mouthing punjabs youth as he kick-started the campaign for sad-bjp coalition ahead of state assembly elections.
;;0.5106;;the prime minister modi was speaking at a rally in jalandhar to muster support for the ruling shiromani akali dal-bharatiya janata party alliance, which is battling anti-incumbency after 10 years of rule.
;;0.106;;modi praised also the chief minister, saying he spent years in public life but never changed parties or compromised on ideals.
;;0.0;;modi will also address a rally at kotkapura in malwa on january 29.
;;-0.0258;;her announcement assumes significance as it indicates formation of a larger front to stop the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha elections when prime minister modi is likely to seek a second term.
;;0.4215;;in 2014, the united nations declared june 21 as international day of yoga after prime minister modi called for the day to be adopted as a global celebration of yoga, an ancient practice that began in india more than 5,000 years ago.
;;-0.5719;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 23:46 istin his sixth independence day speech from red fort, but the first after taking over for a second term in office, prime minister modi on thursday highlighted the removal of articles 370 and 35a of the constitution, ending the practice of instant talaq among muslims, strengthening of laws to fight terror, and moving towards one nation, one constitution as some of the key accomplishments of the national democratic alliance (nda) government in less than 70 days of its second term.
;;0.743;;modi first focused on the achievements of his government in the rather short period since it won a renewed mandate, with a focus on the situation in jammu and kashmir (j&k).
;;0.0258;;also read | in i-day speech, pm modi promises rs 100 lakh crore investment for infra projectsthe government has argued that these moves would lead to closer integration of j&k with the country.
;;-0.4019;;modi then spoke of the governments decision to end the practice of instant triple talaq to help muslim women stop living in fear.
;;0.6486;;at a time when there have been concerns expressed a slowdown in the economy, modi also reiterated his governments resolve to make india a $5 trillion economy in five years through several initiatives, including a rs 100 lakh crore investment in infrastructure, making the policy environment more predictable, and pushing for make in india with special emphasis on rural economy, and micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes).
;;-0.6808;;when uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath addresses a public gathering at the north bihar district headquarters town of darbhanga, on thursday, hell do more than just showcase the achievements of the modi government, over the past three years.
;;0.624;;with his own very successful 100 days in office as cm of up, yogiji will add the whiff of the partys big victory in up to the achievements of the modi government, rai told ht on wednesday.
;;0.8807;;rather, the bjps most effective role as the principal opposition party in bihar may be ascribed to the doings of just one of its leaders  former deputy cm modi , who, in this endeavour, appeared to receive little support from other leaders of the party.
;;0.7717;;visits of top leaders, including maurya and yogi, has them participating in modi fest, being organized by the bjp between may 15 and june 20, to project the achievements of modi government and energise the rank and file of the party.
;;0.8481;;the sena also said if the development that the bjp keeps harping on had indeed been visible to the publics, fadnavis and prime minister modi would have won popular support without even having to come out of their houses.
;;0.0;;the union cabinet is expected to take up the code on wages bill at its meeting chaired by prime minister modi on wednesday for its introduction in the ongoing session of parliament.
;;-0.1027;;stoking a controversy, senior congress leader mallikarjun kharge sunday asked whether prime minister modi would hang himself at vijay chowk in delhi if his prediction of the opposition party getting less than 40 seats in lok sabha polls is proven wrong.
;;0.0;;if we get 40 seats, will modi hang himself at vijay chowk in delhi?
;;0.7845;;stating that modi was not even born when india got freedom, kharge told the rally, he keeps speaking against congress and claims the party did not do anything.
;;0.8074;;prime minister modi on wednesday said russian president vladimir putins invitation to him for the eastern economic forum was a matter of great respect.
;;0.0;;pm modi is on a two-day bilateral visit to russia where he will attend the eastern economic forum and hold summit talks with putin.
;;0.872;;speaking in vladivostok, modi also thanked putin for the decision to award him russias highest civilian award.
;;0.0;;later, the russian president accompanied pm modi on the latters visit to the zvezda ship-building complex in valdivostok.
;;0.0;;pm modi shakes hands with president putin.
;;0.0;;2:16 pm ist cooperation in space touching new heights: modi our cooperation in space is touching new heights, says pm modi on india-russia space cooperation.
;;0.7096;;2:15 pm ist we have put people at the core of this relationship pm modi says, the power of india-russia friendship has been leveraged for the mutual benefit of our citizens.
;;0.6369;;2:11 pm ist pm modi thanks president putin for inviting him to vladivostok pm modi begins addressing media.
;;0.6908;;2:08 pm ist i will wait for you: putin tells pm modi at joint conference putin also thanked prime minister modi for accepting his invitation to attend the celebrations to mark the 75th anniversary of victory in the great patriotic war in moscow in may 2020.
;;0.0;;i will wait for you, he said, wrapping up his statement on talks with pm modi.
;;0.0;;1:59 pm ist pm modi and president to shortly address media prime minister modi and russian president putin to shortly address a joint press conference .
;;0.2732;;before this, russia and india exchanged agreements in the presence of prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin, in vladivostok.
;;0.5423;;#watch: pm modi speaks in vladivostok on russia's highest civilian award being conferred upon him.
;;0.9274;;twitter.com/x71z78yq50  ani (@ani) 4 september 201912:59 pm ist pm modi calls russia integral friend, trustworthy partner of india russia is an integral friend and trustworthy partner of india.
;;0.9451;;12:52 pm ist matter of great respect: modi on putins invite for eef talking about president putins invitation at the 20th india-russia annual summit, pm modi said , your invitation to me, for eastern economic forum is a matter of great respect.
;;0.0;;12:45 pm ist modi-putin hold delegation level talks prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin hold delegation level talks in vladivostok, reports ani.
;;0.8625;;11:32 am ist special chemistry: modi on his relationship with putin pm modi had told the rossiyskaya gazeta newspaper that his relationship with president putin has special chemistry, special ease, reports news agency afp.
;;0.4019;;11:20 am ist modi-putin discuss ways to deepen cooperation in ship building president putin had decided to accompany pm modi on his visit to zvezda as a special gesture, reports ani.
;;0.0;;#watch: pm modi & russian president vladimir putin on board a ship on their way to zvezda ship-building complex, vladivostok.
;;0.4019;;in a special gesture, president putin decided to accompany pm modi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/m3siqkcxby  ani (@ani) 4 september 201911;15 am ist modi and putin visit ship building complex pm modi and russian president vladimir putin at the zvezda ship-building complex, vladivostok.
;;0.0;;pm modi with russian president putin at ship-building complex in vladivostok, russia.
;;0.0;;( ani / twitter )10:52 am ist pm modi interacts with workers, management at zvezda shipyard during his visit to the zvezda shipbuilding yard, prime minister modi interacted with the management and workers there, reports news agency pti.
;;0.6124;;10:27 am ist pm modi , putin seen greeting each other prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin hug and shake hands before their departure for zvezda ship-building complex, vladivostok.
;;0.34;;: ani #watch russia: prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin hug and shake hands before their departure for zvezda ship-building complex, vladivostok.
;;0.0258;;twitter.com/9ddjyvbknl  ani (@ani) september 4, 201910:06 am ist pm modi and putin reach zvezda ship-building complex prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin arrive at zvezda ship-building complex.
;;0.0;;09:25 am ist pm modi , putin depart for zvezda ship-building complex prime minister modi departs for zvezda ship-building complex along with russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.5859;;: afp08:25 am ist pm modi plans to discuss tiger conservation with putin pm said he planned to discuss tiger conservation with putin, a lover of big cats.
;;0.0;;: afp08:00 am ist modi , putin to visit zvezda, a major shipbuilding facility modi and putin will start the summit with a visit to zvezda, a major shipbuilding facility servicing both the navy and the off-shore oil industry.
;;0.743;;06:50 am ist both countries willing to diversify, strengthen relations: pm modi according to pm modi , the visit underlines the desire of the two countries to diversify and further strengthen bilateral relations.
;;0.6597;;06:20 am ist indians welcome pm at russias far eastern federal university prime minister modi welcomed by the indian diaspora in russia, at the far eastern federal university (fefu) in vladivostok.
;;0.4588;;:ani indians welcome pm modi.
;;0.8126;;( ani twitter )06:05 am ist pm modi receives guard of honour on arrival to vladivostok prime minister modi receives a guard of honour, on his arrival in vladivostok.
;;0.4019;;although the party has declared yeddyurappa as its leader for the state elections, i feel the campaign will be based on appeal of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6249;;after giving an address in the assembly, he visited the chamber of congress legislative party leader vaghela, an rss man-turned-bte noire of prime minister modi , along with cm vijay rupani and state bjp president jitu vaghani.
;;-0.7579;;however, no opposition member was present in the house when he spoke as congress staged a walkout demanding tabling of the m b shah commission report on corruption charges against the state government when modi was chief minister.
;;0.743;;the bjp top brass set the tone for the 2019 lok sabha polls at its parliamentary party meeting on thursday with prime minister modi asking party leaders to reach out to the youth.
;;0.6597;;the bjp parliamentary party also passed a resolution thanking voters for their support and also partys workers for their efforts under the leadership of modi and shah.
;;-0.7579;;prime minister modi on saturday invited the g20 countries to join a global coalition on disaster resilience, saying disasters require quick and effective remedial measures as they invariably affect the poor the most.
;;-0.34;;modi, who is in osaka, japan for the two-day g20 summit, laid special emphasis on building a disaster resilient future.
;;0.0;;on friday, modi held bilateral and plurilateral meetings with many leaders, including us president donald trump, russian president vladimir putin and chinas xi jinping.
;;0.0;;a copy of the letter has also been sent to prime minister modi , finance minister nirmala sitharaman, civil aviation minister hardeep singh puri and commerce minister piyush goyal among others.
;;0.6249;;returning officer (ro) of east delhi parliamentary constituency k mahesh had issued a show cause notice to the dmrc tuesday for playing the video on its pink line (majlis park to shiv vihar) showing various events related to the metros inauguration featuring dignitaries from three political parties including prime minister modi , delhi cm arvind kejriwal and former chief minister sheila diskhit, who are contesting the general elections.
;;-0.2247;;prime minister modi on monday called for more aggressive efforts to deepen economic ties between india and turkey, saying the present level of economic and commercial relations between the two countries are not enough.
;;0.0;;pm modi was speaking at an india-turkey business summit with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan, who is visiting new delhi.
;;0.5859;;asking the chambers of commerce and industry of both sides to engage with each other pro-actively, pm modi also made a reference to the softer diplomacy areas such as tourism adding that the number of indian tourists going to turkey has increased in the last few years.
;;-0.5574;;in the run-up to the 2014 general elections, prime minister modi had raised the issue of cattle theft and illegal cow slaughter while addressing a rally in ghaziabad.
;;0.5423;;nsa doval, who is in moscow on the invitation of his russian counterpart nikolai patrushev, held detailed discussions on prime minister modi modis visit to vladivostok for the eastern economic forum in early september, bilateral cooperation between the two national security councils as well as regional and international issues.
;;-0.296;;ahead of the first phase of lok sabha elections, prime minister modi on wednesday accused the congress of funding elections by looting money meant for pregnant women and kids and said nothing will be left if they return to rule india again.
;;0.4019;;addressing a public rally in gujarats junagadh, modi referred to income tax raids in various parts of the country over the last few days and said the cash seized from people linked to the congress showed that the list of corruption by the opposition party has grown longer.
;;0.3612;;but their tape recorder plays only one song, remove modi.
;;-0.5423;;in this first rally in gujarat since the lok sabha elections were announced, modi also attacked the congress over jammu and kashmir and the balakot air strike.
;;-0.4019;;modi took a swipe at indias first prime minister jawahar lal nehru for the problems in kashmir.
;;-0.4215;;modi also lashed out at congress over its manifesto that calls for reviewing the armed forces (special powers) act and scrapping the colonial-era sedition law.
;;-0.5859;;it would be an immoral and criminal act to spoil the environment for future generations, prime minister modi said on tuesday, and underlined the need to protect nature, as the donald trump administration mulls to overturn the us position on the 2015 paris climate accord.
;;0.0;;#watch pm modi and german chancellor angela merkel issue joint statement in berlin https://t.
;;0.5719;;modi also recalled indias commitment to generate 175 giga watts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi and chancellor merkel reaffirmed the importance of the indo-german environment forum (igenvf) in contributing to further cooperation on environmental issues, including biodiversity and climate change.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and german chancellor angela merkel look on as mous are exchanged between commerce minister nirmala sitharaman and a german representative in berlin on tuesday.
;;0.0;;german foreign minister sigmar gabriel and india's minister of state for external affairs mj akbar sign documents as prime minister modi and german chancellor angela merkel look on in berlin on tuesday.
;;0.7096;;lauding germanys assistance in developmental projects over the years, modi highlighted the successful indo-german solar partnership founded in 2015 and the cooperation on green energy corridors established in 2013.
;;-0.4019;;nawaz sharif-narendra modi meeting in june very much on cards: pakistan dailypakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and his indian counterpart modi could meet on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana in june notwithstanding bilateral tensions, according to a media report in islamabad.
;;0.0;;this is a big deal in itself, prime minister modi said at a press briefing -- his first in five years -- he attended with bjp president amit shah.
;;0.5023;;modi, whose constituency varanasi will vote on sunday in the final phase of polling, declined to answer questions, which he diverted to shah, but used the occasion to thank the people of india.
;;0.2023;;i am proud to say that we have fought modi and bjp.
;;0.4404;;we have protected the institutions of this country, which is our main duty, from modi , the bjp, and the rss [rashtriya swayamsevak sangh].
;;0.0;;we incircled modi and dismantled his idea.
;;0.0;;modi, who kicked off the campaign in meerut, uttar pradesh, on march 28, ended it in khargone, madhya pradesh, on friday.
;;0.0;;at his 144th and final election rally, modi summed up what he claimed was the nations mood.
;;0.4939;;modi also sought to link the places where he held his first and last rally on the campaign trail which he said had both inspired nationalism in india.
;;0.0;;at a campaign rally in solan, himachal pradesh, rahul gandhi slammed the modi government for its november 2016 decision to invalidate high-value banknotes, which he said had set back the nations economy.
;;0.6369;;his sister and congress general secretary for eastern uttar pradesh priyanka gandhi said at a rally in mirzapur that modi was the worlds greatest actor.
;;-0.296;;modi described rahul gandhis assassinated father, the late prime minister rajiv gandhi , as bhrashtachari no.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi on thursday called on kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev here and discussed ways to expand bilateral ties.
;;-0.4404;;twitter.com/s8dnsclo6a  pmo india (@pmoindia) june 8, 2017i look forward to deepening indias association with the sco which will help us in economic, connectivity and counter- terrorism cooperation, among other things, prime minister modi said ahead of his visit here.
;;0.2263;;there is also speculation about a possible meeting between modi and pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif to ease the growing tension between the two neighbours.
;;-0.128;;prime minister modi , who calls himself the pradhan sewak (a servant of the people) of the country, knows how to strike a chord.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi with bihar chief minister nitish kumar during the 350th birth anniversary celebrations of guru gobind singh at gandhi maidan in patna .
;;0.0;;at a poll rally in bihar sharif, modi called himself son of a backward.
;;-0.2023;;the chaiwalaspeaking at an election meeting in tinsukia district of the tea state of assam, modi talked about his childhood when he used to sell tea at his fathers stall in gujarat.
;;-0.0258;;in uttarakhand, which voted for a new assembly on february 15, modi promised voters that the tea-seller would continue to fight against the mighty people who looted their money for 70 years.
;;0.25;;the chaiwala was a congress barb at modi who turned it to his advantage in the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.2263;;modi, who has been going hammer and tongs against the rjd chief and his family members for the past 135 days, accusing them of acquiring benami properties worth over rs 1000 crore, alleged that lalu prasad also grabbed immovable assets by employing the power of attorney mode.
;;0.2732;;modi wondered why, being a former chief minister, rabri devi agreed to become a caretaker of others property.
;;0.8481;;prime minister modi on thursday said that in order to talk of peace it is essential to be strong as he came down heavily on the opposition, particularly congress, over national security.
;;0.0516;;jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti is likely to meet prime minister modi on monday to discuss the volatile situation in the valley, amid growing demand from the opposition for imposition of governors rule in the state.
;;-0.0258;;twenty-one-year-old krishnakant sarangi, a btech student from gandhi institute for technology, bhubaneswar and 19-year-old subrajit barik, a bsc student from kalinga bharati residential college, cuttack have been travelling to meet prime minister modi to request him to resolve the mahanadi water dispute between odisha and chattisgarh.
;;0.5574;;apple ceo tim cook recently told prime minister modi , who was in the us on an official visit, that his company is positive about the production of iphone se model in bengaluru.
;;-0.5574;;four suspected militants attacked a policeman in jammu on saturday night, and two escaped with his ak-47 rifle, days ahead of prime minister modi modis visit to nearby chenani, exposing chinks in the security in the city.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is scheduled to visit chenani, around 100km from here, on april 2 to inaugurate asias longest bi-directional road tunnel between chenani and nashri on the jammu-srinagar national highway.
;;0.0;;the informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping will likely contribute to deepening communication between the leaders and different levels of the two governments, chinese experts said at the end of the two-day meet.
;;-0.4939;;indiaupdated: sep 20, 2019 16:28 istprime minister modi on friday lauded finance minister nirmala sitharamans step to cut corporate tax as historic calling it a win-win for 130 crore indiansthe step to cut corporate tax is historic.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 05, 2019 18:40 ista class 10 boy from noida has been selected by isro to witness the historic chandrayaan2 moon landing at its headquarters in bengaluru in the presence of prime minister modi on september 7.
;;-0.296;;the aicc general secretary accused prime minister modi of diverting issues in the name of nationalism.
;;0.0;;today, modi is not just leader of the nation but has emerged as global leader.
;;0.4019;;modi will form the government again and this can be seen clearly, he added.
;;0.0;;congress president rahul gandhi on thursday said that he did not rule out the option of his sister taking on prime minister modi in varanasi in the ongoing lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;after priyanka formally entered politics, the possibility of a high voltage contest between her and pm modi in varanasi has been the buzz in political circles for weeks.
;;0.6597;;from red beacons to rats creating a ruckus in city courts, here is a roundup of all the tricity has been talking about:lal battis go for allprime minister modi modis decision that no one will get beacons on cars may have annoyed some of the affected bureaucrats and political leaders but everyone else is jubilant.
;;-0.8442;;placing article 370 and article 35a, which had given a degree of autonomy to j&k, as a problem, rather than a partial solution, mr modi blamed the provisions for terrorism, separatism, corruption and dynastic rule in the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has asked taxmen to take necessary steps against those with benami properties and focus on broadening the tax net.
;;0.0;;besides, modi also took stock of the preparedness for the implementation of the nationwide goods and services tax.
;;-0.6808;;his statement came a day after prime minister modi , addressing the sco summit in bishkek, capital of kyrgyzstan, lashed out at countries sponsoring, aiding and funding terrorism and said that such states must be held accountable, in a veiled reference to pakistan.
;;0.4404;;kher, a kashmiri pandit, has been seen supporting prime minister modi and bjp government on several occasions.
;;0.0;;the woman, who has written to prime minister modi and prabhu,has described the executive as a predator.
;;0.4019;;tharoors remarks came after prime minister modi led his bharatiya janata party towards what looks set to be a resounding victory for a second term in office.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi also held a high-level meeting to review the preparedness for cyclone fani.
;;0.1779;;a day before, on tuesday, modi while speaking at lok sabha (the lower house) said that the note-ban was possible because the countrys economy was in good shape.
;;0.0129;;modi did agree that the months after demonetisation was inconvenient, but he also said that doesnt mean we continue in the same way.
;;-0.6124;;on november 8, when prime minister modi announced the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 old notes, he had said the move was to suck out counterfeit currency making its way into the country from across the border, which was largely responsible for funding terror.
;;0.4019;;the bharatiya janta party (bjp) also fielded all the sitting lawmakers from the state, except varanasi and lucknow, the lok sabha constituencies of prime minister modi and union home minister rajnath singh.
;;-0.1779;;three-week deadline rajasthan, maharashtra, gujarat, jharkhand, uttar pradesh and karnataka were initially asked in october to reply to a petition seeking curbs on cow-protection vigilantesand were initially asked in october to reply to a petition seeking curbs on cow-protection vigilantes on friday, the petitioner stressed on the need for the courts to reply, and cited the killing of a muslim man in alwar last week to particularly seek a response from rajasthanthe plea sought to declare as unconstitutional certain animal protection laws in gujarat, maharashtra and karnataka that protects such vigilantescow vigilante groups became active after the bjp-led government under prime minister modi took over at the centre.
;;-0.7351;;in his petition, poonawalla said violence committed by these gau raksha groups have reached such proportions that even modi called them out as people who were destroying the society.
;;-0.5859;;prime minister modi on saturday fired a salvo at the congress and dmk in tamil nadu and said that their alliance had no vision of mission for the future of the country.
;;-0.6369;;their only glue is hatred for modi.
;;0.0;;day and nigh they say only one thing: remove modi , remove modi , remove modi , he said.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi had announced the sudden decision to scrap rs 1,000 and rs 500 currency notes in a televised address to the nation on 8 november 2016, leading to a severe shortage of cash in the economy.
;;0.0;;speaking to media persons, singh said: prime minister modi has provided these set-top boxes to the border residents with an aim to disseminate authentic information at the places where connectivity remains a major issue.
;;0.0;;the newspaper speculated that the meeting would pave the way for facilitating a meeting between prime minister nawaz sharif and his indian counterpart modi next month on the margins of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit at astana.
;;0.1779;;the ruling bjp does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern, and prime minister modi announced a separate ministry for water called jal shakti.
;;0.3182;;during a conversation about bjps pm candidate modi modis winning prospects in 2013, he had said, the irritation palpable in his voice, why are you asking a muslim this?
;;0.0072;;he added, confidently, that modi would not win - for it was hindus themselves who were opposing him, citing the late ur ananthmurthy and amartya sen.
;;0.0;;even backwards and dalits are going towards modi.
;;0.4678;;islam - a nitish supporter himself - says the situation leaves the community with no choice but to now engage with modi and bjp.
;;0.0;;instead, if modi goes to one temple, they should go to ten temples.
;;0.0;;if modi puts tika, they should paste their entire forehead with tika.
;;0.6656;;prime minister modi has not hidden his disdain for the capital and its mode of functioning; his supporters have viewed lutyens delhi as an elitist bubble.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi announced last december two components of credit-linked subsidy within the scheme.
;;0.6808;;prime minister modi sought in his moment of triumph on sunday to redefine india and indians, and assured that his government will work for everyone regardless of who they voted for in the five-state assembly polls.
;;0.4019;;the middle class was the most vocal in its support to modi in the run-up to the 2014 parliamentary elections.
;;0.9442;;modi walked about 200 metres from le mridien hotel to the bjp headquarters in the heart of the national capital as hundreds of party supporters gathered to celebrate the success in the latest polls, which were viewed as a popularity test for the prime minister.
;;0.5574;;modi was gracious and humble in his address to them.
;;0.4404;;modi thanked the people and declared that his legislators will work for their welfare.
;;0.1027;;modi wants to give these delayed bills a fresh push after the emphatic election victory.
;;0.0;;on march 27, prime minister modi , in a televised address to the nation, announced that india has entered the elite club of nations to possess the capability to hit a target in space.
;;-0.4215;;11:45 am ist rahul gandhi last week asked pm modi to quell apprehensions about kashmir rahul gandhi last week asked prime minister modi to quell apprehensions about kashmir.
;;0.1779;;in december 2016, prime minister modi had announced to extend igmsy  then an existing pilot scheme being implemented across 53 districts  across the country.
;;-0.7351;;the bat attack reference was over bjp leader kailash vijayvargiyas son akashs attack on a civic official in indore, which had invited a rebuke from prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8442;;prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah and many senior bjp leaders were quick to welcome the court ruling, terming it as a victory for gender justice and dignity.
;;-0.296;;leadership of pm modi is not leadership of rajiv gandhi who will buckle under pressure, said prasad, virtually laying down the script for the bjp to politically encash in the forthcoming assembly elections.
;;-0.5106;;a new york times editorial that described the recent raids on properties belonging to ndtv founder prannoy roy as an alarming new level of intimidation of indias news media under prime minister modi has been trashed by the central bureau of investigation (cbi).
;;0.4404;;during the bhiar elections in 2015, the actor-turned-politician had given prime minister modi modis rally a miss, while praising bihar cm nitish kumar, calling him a man of development.
;;-0.4588;;he even met kumar the day modi attacked him at a public meeting.
;;-0.3818;;according to reports, surfaced in the first month of demonetisation, where prime minister modi weeded out 86  of the countrys currency in circulation, the governments cost to print notes was estimated at rs 11,000 crore.
;;0.2486;;having risen to power on a plank of avowed opposition to dynastic politics, it probably wasnt easy for prime minister modi to invite united states president donald trumps daughter ivanka trump to india for the global entrepreneurship summit in november.
;;0.5574;;as mentioned earlier, it is in indias self interest that mr modi extended the invite to ivanka trump.
;;0.0;;the bihar regional committee of the cpi (maoists), an outlawed left wing extremists (lwe) group, has called for magadh division bandh covering four districts gaya, aurangabad, nawada and jehanabad on april 2 when prime minister modi is scheduled to address an election rally in gaya.
;;0.1027;;narendra modi , who reached his home state late on monday night, flew to sardar sarovar dam in kevadia.
;;0.0;;modi had inaugurated the statue, billed as the tallest in the world, on the birth anniversary of india first home minister sardar vallabhbhai patels on october 31 last year.
;;0.0;;modi also spent some time at the khalvani eco-tourism site and a cactus garden in kevadiya.
;;0.5719;;also watch | watch: how has modi celebrated his birthday since becoming pmthe prime minister is also expected to meet his nearly 99-year-old mother modi , who lives near gandhinagar.
;;0.0;;modi had spent his 68th birthday last year in his parliamentary constituency varanasi with school children.
;;0.5423;;the party is all set to pitch its star campaigners, which include prime minister modi , bjps national president amit shah, top leaders smriti irani, manoj tiwari and giriraj singh, to canvass for bjp candidates who are contesting from these three seats.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will address an election rally on may 15 in deoghar assembly segment under godda parliamentary constituency, from where bjps sitting mp nishi kant dubey is contesting.
;;0.8625;;party leaders feel that the presence of modi and other top leaders in the area would create a deep impact on voters and would be a game changer, as wresting rajmahal and dumka from jmm will also help bjp increase its national tally of seats.
;;-0.6597;;former tamil nadu chief minister o paneerselvam met prime minister modi on friday to demand a cbi inquiry into the death of j jayalalithaa while his faction of the aiadmk urged the election commission to restrain the vk sasikala camp from using the partys office.
;;-0.7717;;the leader of asias other behemoth, indian prime minister modi  who is due to visit the white house shortly  has said failing to act on climate change would be morally criminal.
;;-0.7269;;pm modi meets angela merkel, kerala cm says cattle order violates spirit of federalism, malware judy infecting android smartphones, some of ramdevs patanjali products fail quality test.
;;0.5245;;top stories to bring you up to date:pm modi asks europe to take lead role in tackling terrorism, has very good interaction with merkelprime minister modi said on monday he had a very good interaction with german chancellor angela merkel as he met the leader at her country retreat near berlin for informal talks.
;;-0.7506;;modi, who arrived in berlin earlier in the day to start his six-day, four-nation tour of germany, spain, russia and france, also urged europe to play a lead role in tackling the menace of terrorism.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and the cpm, which rules kerala, spoke in a rare voice of unity between the two arch rivals against the modi government.
;;-0.0772;;be cautious, exercise restraint: chinas message after modi northeast visitchina asked india on monday to be cautious and exercise restraint over building infrastructure in arunachal pradesh, days after prime modi launched the countrys longest bridge linking assam with the state claimed by beijing.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is set for a madison square moment in tel aviv when he makes a historic visit to israel in july.
;;0.0;;modi will be in israel on july 5 and 6.
;;0.0;;modi will be the first indian leader to hold such an event with the indian diaspora in israel, the source said.
;;0.0;;in addition to tel aviv, israels financial hub located along the mediterranean coastline, modi will also visit jerusalem.
;;0.0;;modi is the first indian prime minister to visit israel.
;;0.0;;the visit by any indian leader to israel in the past had been hyphenated with palestine, but modi will break this tradition.
;;0.0;;palestine president mahmoud abbas was on a four-day visit to india this month and had meetings with modi.
;;0.3612;;the organization run by people like t n seshan has become a puppet in the hands of prime minister modi , the chief minister alleged, addressing a press conference at amaravati.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is scheduled to meet president trump and japanese prime minister shinzo abe for their second trilateral meeting on the sidelines of that summit, june 28-29.
;;0.3182;;as countless times before, he re-litigated his headline-grabbing case about 100  duty on high-end harley-davidson motorbikes exported to india from the united states  the company sells many more of them in india that are assembled locally  and the one phone call to prime minister modi that led to india cutting the tariff by half.
;;0.0;;pompeo will have a working lunch with jaishankar and call on prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.6124;;however, the all india muslim personal law board (aimplb) has criticised the move, saying the bjp was trying to impose a uniform civil code in the country, to which prime minister modi had urged muslims not to view the issue through a political lens.
;;-0.6705;;the malaysian prime minister on tuesday set up a controversy over the fugitive wanted in india on terror charges by his claim that prime minister modi did not raise his extradition at their meeting earlier this month.
;;-0.4588;;also watch | pm modi didnt seek zakir naiks extradition: malaysian pmjaishankars statement came in the wake of malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad on tuesday rejecting the claim that prime minister modi had asked for the islamic preacher to be extradited to india.
;;-0.5994;;he expressed resentment at the inaction by the modi government when it came to dealing with corruption.
;;-0.2924;;hazare targeted the modi government saying that government administration continues to be corrupt despite all promises.
;;0.0;;i wrote several letters to modi but did not receive a single reply,hazare said.
;;0.0;;hazare plans to write another letter to prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.9118;;-india-india prime minister modi also condemned the terror attack in stockholm, saying india stood firmly with the people of sweden in this hour of grief.
;;-0.4019;;my thoughts are with the families of the deceased and prayers with those injured, modi wrote on his twitter account.
;;-0.4939;;india stands firmly with the people of sweden in this hour of grief, modi added.
;;0.5256;;prime minister modi pitched for more humour in public discourse to bridge the gap between societies and people.
;;0.836;;modi effusively praised late political commentator cho ramaswamy through a video speech, as he spoke about the benefits of humour.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had recently said the new uttar pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state.
;;0.7845;;former attorney general harish salve, indias lead lawyer at the icj, was praised by prime minister modi and sushma swaraj for his strong defence of jadhav.
;;0.6369;;modi telephoned swaraj to thank her and appreciate the efforts of salve, officials said.
;;0.3182;;the best news is that prime minister modi modis government, which has loudly touted its stewardship of the indian economy, appears to have woken up to the scale of the problem.
;;0.6249;;modi himself hailed wealth creators in his speech to the nation on indias independence day, august 15.
;;0.7003;;prime minister modi tweeted his best wishes to students.
;;0.0;;(prime minister narendra) modi is already in delhi.
;;-0.296;;when asked if there was anything in particular that modi had done which aggrieved them, he replied, there is no personal enmity.
;;-0.3875;;i dont care about modi.
;;0.0;;she recalled having lengthy discussions on the issue with prime minister modi during her visit to india in november 2016.
;;0.4019;;it released a video last week seeking the support of the indian community through a hindi song, using images of a saree-clad may visiting temples in india and the uk, and her meetings with modi.
;;0.0;;earlier on wednesday, prime minister modi released a stamp in memory of bahuguna in delhi.
;;0.4215;;india is not leavingprime minister modi told german chancellor angela merkel earlier this week india will stay in the accord, irrespective of what the united states does.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi also appears deeply invested in renewable energy, positioning india to take the lead in some sectors.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi delivered a lecture to 33 nda partners at its second such meeting after coming to power.
;;0.4019;;a resolution adopted at the meeting praised modi for inclusive growth and uplift of the social and economic status of the poor.
;;0.7783;;modi, the leader: nda allies expressed a deep sense of appreciation towards modi for providing a decisive and bold leadership to nda partners.
;;0.6597;;they reposed faith in his leadership and asked people to resolve to vote another government under modi in 2019.
;;0.8934;;modi would be the ndas face in the next election and the endorsement showed the confidence that allies had in his ability to win election.
;;0.0;;show of unity: the meeting coincided with the oppositions effort to cobble up an alliance against modi in 2019.
;;0.4588;;the size and the shape of any such alliance are still not known, and modi wanted to take the fizz out of the exercise by showcasing the grand nda parivar.
;;-0.25;;the attack came close on the heels of an upswing in india-pakistan ties after prime minister modi made a surprise trip to lahore last month and held talks with his pakistani counterpart, nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on sunday offered prayers at the lord venkateswara temple here.
;;0.0;;accompanied by andhra pradesh governor e.s.l. narasimhan and chief minister y.s. jagan mohan reddy, modi had darshan of the deity at the famous shrine atop the tirumala hills.
;;0.0;;tirumala tirupathi devasthanam (ttd) executive officer anil kumar singhal, joint executive officer k.s. sreenivasa raju and other officials presented theertha prasadams and a laminated photo of the lord to modi.
;;0.0;;following his two-day visit to the maldives and sri lanka, modi landed at the renigunta airport near here from colombo in the afternoon.
;;0.0;;modi addressed a meeting organised by the bjp near the airport before leaving for tirumala by road to offer prayers at the hill shrine.
;;0.0;;modi had earlier visited the temple in his capacity as the prime ministerial candidate in may 2014 and as the prime minister in october 2015 and january 2017.
;;0.0;;work on the 12,000 crore all weather road project announced recently by prime minister modi for the chardham would also be hampered.
;;0.0;;the video for the programme shows modi , 68, driving into the jim corbett national park in northern india guided by grylls.
;;0.5709;;you are the most important person in india, its my job to protect you, grylls tells modi.
;;0.0;;the trailer also has images of modi following grylls as he treks through the wilderness, and the duo on a small inflated raft on a river in the park (the ramganga and the kosi flow through corbett).
;;0.0;;speaking about the show, prime minister modi , had said, for years, i have lived among nature, in the mountains and the forests.
;;0.6124;;wani appealed to prime minister modi to adopt a people-friendly and soft approach in j&k and to take immediate measures for reconciliation and restoration of peoples trust in the administration.
;;0.0;;mansukh mandaviya had also cycled to the rashtrapati bhavan in may to take an oath as a minister for another term in the prime minister modi modis government.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/nubynkdp6s  ani (@ani) june 26, 2019the 47-year-old patidar leader from gujarats bhavnagar district in gujarat was the minister of state in charge of the ministry of road transport and highways, ministry of shipping and ministry of chemicals and fertilizers in the previous modi government.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is scheduled to take part in the summit.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis nov.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on friday led at least 30,000 people in a mass session of exercise and meditation in jharkhands capital ranchi as millions across the country stretched and bend on the fifth edition of international yoga day.
;;0.0;;last year, more than 50,000 people joined modi in performing yoga in the lawns of dehraduns forest research institute.
;;0.0;;the first international day of yoga was observed all over the world on june 21, 2015, when over 30,000 people including prime minister modi performed yoga at the rajpath in new delhi.
;;0.4215;;the idea was first proposed by modi during his speech at the united nations general assembly (unga) on september 27, 2014.
;;0.4767;;in what is being seen as the bharatiya janata partys move to woo voters ahead of the 2017 assembly elections, prime minister modi will visit uttarakhand in february to lay the foundation stone of a network of all-weather roads for the chardham.
;;0.5405;;they (modi government) are launching the project ahead of the next (assembly) polls assuming that the bjp would get votes in the name of the chardham but the locals here are not so gullible, said prof l m joshi, head of kumaon universitys department of english at its nainital campus.
;;0.128;;actor urmila matondkar, who is contesting the lok sabha election as a congress candidate from mumbai north, thursday said the biopic made on prime minister modi was a joke as he has failed to fulfil his promises.
;;0.0;;the biopic on modi , starring vivek oberoi, was set to hit the screens on april 11.
;;0.7003;;india fastest growing economy under modi: cmgorakhpur: showering praises on prime minister modi for taking the country on the path of development, the cm said that under the leadership of the pm, the country was emerging as the fastest growing economy in the world.
;;0.7906;;it is fortunate that the country has got a great leadership (under modi) who is propelling it on the path of development, he said and added it was due to pm that gorakhpur got aiims and fertilizer factory, the foundation stone for which were laid in 2016.
;;0.5106;;the congress has long been criticised for encouraging dynastic politics, with the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and prime minister modi repeatedly targeting the one family that ruled the country for 37 years since independence.
;;0.0;;under prime minister modi , the bjp has formed governments in haryana, maharashtra and in the northeast.
;;-0.6486;;gadkaris comments in an interview with pti are the strongest yet repudiation of cow vigilante groups by the modi government, which has come under fierce attack by the its rivals over violence perpetrated by the so-called gau rakshaks.
;;-0.5106;;he, also rejected claims of rising intolerance under the modi government.
;;-0.4767;;again in november last year, a 25-year-old man aslam khan, who owns a mobile shop, was arrested from morena for circulating an objectionable photo of the prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8225;;indiaupdated: aug 06, 2019 17:01 istformer finance minister arun jaitley who had showered praise on prime minister modi and home minister amit shah for piloting the governments huge kashmir move on tuesday turned to critique the response of the opposition parties.
;;0.6808;;the congress leadership is determined to succeed in its race to the bottom, the senior bjp leader wrote in a blog pm modi and hm amit shah achieve the impossible.
;;-0.5106;;elaborating on the kashmir policy under pm modi , arun jaitley stressed that the last 10 months had not seen any major protests in kashmir valley, not even in srinagar.
;;0.4767;;odisha chief minister naveen patnaik reached delhi on sunday amid speculations that prime minister modi might offer the post of deputy speaker in the lok sabha to his party biju janata dal (bjd).
;;0.0;;a bjd leader said patnaik is scheduled to meet modi on june 10.
;;0.0;;that message from imran khan was a sharp contrast to the one delivered across the border by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7717;;on the 120th birth anniversary of netaji subhash chandra bose on monday, prime minister modi on monday hailed the revolutionary freedom fighter leader and made files related to him available on the internet.
;;0.0;;in, modi tweeted.
;;0.8555;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 23, 2017in another tweet he said, netaji bose was a great intellectual who always thought about the interests & wellbeing of the marginalised sections of society.
;;0.0;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 23, 2017the first lot of 100 files relating to bose were put in the public domain by prime minister modi on 23 january last year, on the occasion of the 119th birth anniversary of netaji.
;;0.6908;;trinamool congress supremo mamata banerjee wednesday came out in support of dmk leader kanimozhi, whose residence was searched by central agencies and said prime minister modi is trying to threaten parties opposed to him.
;;0.1531;;charging modi with ruling india by the decree of fear, banerjee said that the country has never seen such a prime minister who is feared by everyone instead of being loved and respected.
;;-0.8689;;she alleged that modi is threatening everybody and everybody is afraid of him and added it is a shame that a person who was baptized in politics through riots is leading the country.
;;-0.8555;;prime minister modi on friday attacked congress president rahul gandhi hours after he said that sam pitroda should be ashamed of his comment on the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
;;0.4404;;since becoming prime minister in 2014, modi succeeded in improving public finances, trimming the fiscal deficit to 3.
;;-0.7778;;that puts the government in a particularly difficult place given recent signs of economic weakness, which has put political pressure on modi to inject rapid fiscal stimulus.
;;0.0;;last saturday, modi met state chief ministers and advisers to discuss possible stimulus and ways to grow gdp to $5 trillion by 2024, from about $2.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on sunday took a swipe at the congress while saying that madhya pradesh was being run by 2.
;;-0.6249;;the bsp supremo, in a stinging response to the pm, had accused him of indulging in dirty politics and had said, in the wake of this (alwar) incident, modi is doing dirty politics.
;;0.0;;deol arrived in amritsar by air on sunday afternoon after meeting prime minister modi in new delhi.
;;0.296;;the opposition moved in swiftly to use the court order to hammer away at the nda government and prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the congress president also dared pm modi to a debate on corruption.
;;0.5859;;the modi government signed an agreement with france in 2016 for the purchase of rafale fighter jets.
;;0.0;;beginning his election campaign from western ups meerut on february 4 ahead of the first phase of polling, modi has addressed 10 election meetings so far.
;;0.0;;the next day in aligarh, modi underlined the plight of cottage industries by referring to the once-popular local locks.
;;0.2023;;in bijnor, modi paid tributes to dalit saint ravidas on his birth anniversary and said bjp goes by his ideals.
;;0.7717;;at his next rally stop badaun, modi proposed a police battalion each named after three women freedom fighters  jhaklari bai, uda devi and awanti bai  for ensuring safety to women.
;;-0.5719;;modi sympathised with the sugarcane growers misery in lakhimpur kheri while his speech in kannauj was peppered with references to potatoes and perfumes.
;;0.0;;the same day in barabanki, modi paid obeisance to baba lodheshwar mahadev (shiva), a major pilgrimage in the area.
;;0.0;;a day after akhilesh yadavs kaam ki baat jibe at him, prime minister modi hit back on monday, saying the uttar pradesh chief minister could not see the work done by the centre as he is blinded by absolute power.
;;-0.5719;;fearing a rout in the first phase of polling, akhilesh and rahul gandhi came with their third manifesto, modi added.
;;0.4215;;its the first consequential step from the new modi government on ties with the united states.
;;0.4215;;the termination was formalised in a presidential proclamation on june 5, the day after prime minister modi modis new ministers were allotted their respective portfolios.
;;0.0;;the deal was signed at the brics (brazil, russia, india, china, south africa) summit in goa in the presence of prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.6124;;we counted on our developmental work, the service of modiji (prime minister modi modi) who made foolproof arrangements for the countrys security.
;;0.0;;gandhi then appeared to remark that the court said chowkidar chor hai [the watchman is a thief], repeating a slogan that he and the congress have used to target prime minister modi modi.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi said thursday the ties between india and japan have become stronger from the time the two countries cooperated to make a car to coming together to manufacture the bullet trains.
;;0.4939;;addressing the indian community in this japanese city, prime minister modi said japan has played an important role in indias economic development.
;;-0.4019;;in the case of bhandara-gondia, sitting mp nana patole quit the bjp after alleging that prime minister modi was not paying any attention to the problems of the farmers in the region.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi escalated their war of words on the campaign trail on saturday, with less than a week left for the first phase of polling in the 2019 general election.
;;0.2732;;gandhi, who this week filed his nomination papers from keralas wayanad, and said he would also run for election from his family bastion of amethi, hit back, accusing modi of having favoured fugitive businessmen and mistreating his own guru, the veteran politician lal krishna advani.
;;0.0;;addressing a rally in uttarakhand, which goes to polls in the first phase on thursday, gandhi reiterated his allegations against modi.
;;0.1027;;he said modi had taken public money and given it to the likes of nirav modi and mehul choksi, diamond traders who have fled abroad and are wanted in connection with a rs 13,500 crore fraud at punjab national bank.
;;0.0;;advani ji is modi modis guru.
;;-0.7264;;in bengal, chief minister mamata banerjee said modi has been blabbering lies in the last five years and has not fulfilled a single promise made during the last general election in 2014.
;;0.0;;when the bjp came to power in 2014, prime minister modi said that earlier governments worked to run the governments but we will run the government to run the country, said shah.
;;0.0;;but in five years of the modi government, it has jumped to the sixth position, said shah.
;;-0.6908;;the international cricket council (icc) found itself in trouble after sharing an old video which featured prime minister modi and asaram bapu, the godman who was convicted by a jodhpur court and sentenced to life imprisonment for the rape of a 16-year-old girl.
;;-0.128;;the icc shared a video of prime minister modi and asaram bapu on their timeline, drawing massive criticism.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi on sunday said the bjp is rooting for bollywood actor sunny deols victory from gurdaspur lok sabha constituency in punjab.
;;0.0;;modi tweeted after a meeting with deol.
;;-0.4767;;the attack was meant to send a message that whoever raises his voice against prime minister modi will gface consequesnces, kejriwal said.
;;-0.7964;;jaitleys death triggered an outpouring of grief, led by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the fifth element which defined jaitleys public life was his close association with modi.
;;0.4767;;both were friends and had come to work closely together in the late 1990s, when modi was the partys general secretary based in delhi.
;;-0.7783;;at a time when modi was under fierce attack for either being complicit or being unable to control the violence, jaitley rose to his defence.
;;-0.1779;;over the years, as modi battled legal cases and faced commissions of inquiry and investigative teams, jaitley remained a close adviser.
;;0.7003;;while both had considered advani their mentor and acknowledged the veteran leaders role in strengthening bjp, after the 2009 elections, both modi and jaitley were clear it was time for a change.
;;-0.6705;;congress president rahul gandhi on saturday criticised modi government over its gross divisive politics (gdp), a day after the central statistics office (cso) projected indias economic growth rate for 2017-18 will be lower than the 7.
;;-0.2732;;gandhis tweet comes after the congress accused prime minister modi and finance minister arun jaitley of ignoring economic wisdom and dealing a catastrophic blow to indias growth.
;;-0.4215;;co/bzdpnreyie  office of rg (@officeofrg) january 6, 2018party spokesperson randeep surjewala said on friday the double whammy of modi made disaster of demonetisation and the implementation of a flawed gst were responsible for the economys downturn.
;;-0.9001;;an arrogant prime minister modi and a failed finance minister arun jaitley, hell bent upon ignoring economic wisdom, have dealt a catastrophic blow to indias growth story as proved by the latest gdp estimates slumping from 7.
;;0.3182;;at a point in time when prime minister modi is talking about startups and business ventures, both the parties are fooling people on the promise of ghee and smartphones.
;;-0.7269;;enumerating the gains of total liquor ban in bihar, imposed a year ago, kumar called upon prime minister modi to enforce a complete liquor ban across the country.
;;-0.7964;;so, the onus is on pm modi to impose a country-wide ban of liquor, without thinking about any loss in revenue, said the chief minister.
;;0.0772;;the madhya pradesh government has made photos of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan mandatory along with that of and prime minister modi in all state government offices and buildings.
;;0.6597;;for a party that was long-ridiculed as the signboard party in odisha, prime minister modi modis congratulatory message at an election rally at kannauj on wednesday must have come as music to bjp leaders in the state.
;;-0.7096;;britain has refused to respond to external affairs minister sushma swarajs remarks that prime minister modi had expressed irritation at british courts questioning the condition of indian jails in extradition hearings, during his visit to london in april.
;;0.0;;at a news briefing on tuesday, swaraj reportedly quoted modi as saying to prime minister theresa may during his visit for the commonwealth summit: i need to say that these are the same jails where you had kept mahatma gandhi, pandit nehru and indias big leaders.
;;0.0;;asked to comment on the interaction between the two prime ministers, a downing street spokesperson wrote to hindustan times: we have nothing to add to the readoutof the pms (may) talks with pm modi.
;;-0.6908;;soon after meeting modi on april 18, may responded to a query in the house of commons about the extradition of one aman vyas from india, wanted by londonin connection with a murder in 2009.
;;0.0;;the readout issued by downing street after the meeting on april 18 did not explicitly mention extraditions, but officials accompanying modi had confirmed the issue had figured in the talks with may.
;;0.8316;;however, with the supreme court striking down the quota ordinance, the bjp is now trying its best to salvage its position in the assembly polls  the first since modi moved to delhi  to be held at the end of this year.
;;0.128;;to that effect, sen said modi uses his magic to convince people, but demonetisation was his napolean moment.
;;0.0;;modi did not consult the state governments, which poses a question on the countrys federal policy, and that the rbi was just following orders, and nothing more.
;;0.0772;;a number of dialogues are scheduled and prime minister modi is expected to visit the coastal city of qingdao for the shanghai cooperation organisation summit in june.
;;0.0;;the swearing-in ceremony will take place tomorrow, union minister venkaiah naidu announced, with prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah in attendance.
;;0.5356;;21pm: the up message is very clear - they want to move with modi.
;;0.0;;17pm: venkaiah naidu says pm modi and bjp national president amit shah will attend the swearing-in ceremony.
;;-0.5106;;trump said that prime minister modi had made a similar request when they met a few weeks ago  a claim that was rejected by india.
;;0.0;;i was with pm modi two weeks ago and we talked about the subject.
;;0.2263;;watch: donald trump meets imran khan, offers to play mediator on kashmirthe indian external affairs ministry denied that pm modi had made a request for trump to play a role.
;;0.0;;he has either not been briefed or not understood what modi was saying or what indias position is on 3rd-party mediation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on november 8.
;;-0.4767;;the attack comes a day after tamil nadu chief minister e palaniswami wrote to prime minister modi seeking the release of 85 fishermen and their 128 boats under sri lankan custody.
;;0.0;;at the other end of the spectrum of speculation, following the uttar pradesh assembly election results, there are experts already wondering about what prime minister modi will do in his second term.
;;-0.34;;presuming that 2019 is locked and loaded for modi at this juncture is foolhardy.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will unveil a 112-foot tall face of lord shiva or adhiyogi at isha foundation, about 25 km from coimbatore on maha shivratri, on friday.
;;0.2263;;pm modi also tweeted wishing people on the occasion.
;;-0.2924;;5pm: priyanka gandhi addresses the rally in rae bareli, targeting prime minister modi for not delivering his promises.
;;-0.296;;4pm: the sp-congress alliance will give the money back to you, not to 50 industrialists, rahul says, slamming the modi government that many critics believe is pro-corporates.
;;0.0;;but modi snatched your make in rae bareli tag: rahulone minister told me that not even 1 lakh youth got jobs.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/9udij1w1yq  inc india (@incindia) february 17, 20173:50pm: rahul again uses bollywood movies as a reference for modi government, says instead of shah rukh khans dilwale dulhaniya le jayenge as achhe din -- modis poll chant -- people get gabbar singh from sholay.
;;-0.5719;;this isnt the first time rahul used gabbar singh, an iconic popular culture villain from the movie sholay, to criticise the modi government.
;;0.4404;;modi had promised varanasi (modis constituency) about cleaning up the city, providing free internet etc, but modi hasnt delivered, says rahul, adding that relationships arent made that way.
;;-0.4215;;3:45pm: two crore farmers have asked modi ji to waive their loans, but there was no response from modi.
;;-0.4215;;modi can waive off loans in 15 minutes but no one does it.
;;0.4854;;modi had promised special packages to bihar as well, but what happened.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister modi , had approved the formation of national commission for socially and educationally backward classes (ncsebc), which will be a constitutional body.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi and russian president vladimir putin, who meet in st petersburg on thursday, are expected to sign an agreement for building the last two units of the kundankulam nuclear power plant.
;;0.0;;pm modi will attend the st petersburg international economic forum on friday.
;;-0.8481;;modi will begin his russia sojourn with a visit on thursday to the piskariovskoe cemetery, a memorial for about 500,000 russians who were killed in the siege of leningrad in world war ii, which the russians call the great patriotic war.
;;0.0;;after the summit, putin will host modi at a private dinner without any aides.
;;-0.6808;;ahead of his arrival, modi wrote an article in russian newspaper rossiyskaya gazetta in which he said india and russia are natural partners in fighting terrorism and asserted that ties between the two nations have withstood the test of time.
;;0.296;;in a report to prime minister modi , the nsa said residents of the state were supportive of centres initiative to scrap article 370.
;;0.4019;;the bjp has, at the highest levels including prime minister modi and party president amit shah, consistently said that the system of reservations will not be diluted.
;;-0.1531;;bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati said the decision to hire those who have not qualified the examination conducted by the upsc is indicative of administrative failure of the modi government.
;;-0.1027;;rahul, priyanka target modi , say achche din like sholays gabbarcongress vice-president rahul gandhi and his sister priyanka gandhi vadra attacked prime minister modi on friday, accusing the bjp leader of making empty promises and dubbing him an outsider to uttar pradesh.
;;0.836;;modi promised everything  a clean india, happy women and farmers prosperity.
;;0.6597;;modi will be the leader of the bjps parliamentary party executive, which also includes party president amit shah among others.
;;-0.7351;;the amu administration has suspended mohd zaid who was booked and arrested by aligarh police on wednesday for having objectionable image of prime minister modi in his mobile phone.
;;0.7717;;on the eve of republic day, russian president vladimir putin on wednesday greeted president pranab mukherjee and prime minister modi , saying special and privileged strategic partnership with india is an invariable priority in russias foreign policy.
;;0.4019;;the sadhvis outfit is among many such fringe groups which became active after the bjp-led government under prime minister modi took over at the centre.
;;-0.4767;;the una incident had led to country-wide protests by dalit activists last year and the modi government was accused of not reigning in the vigilante groups.
;;-0.5267;;the court on monday will also take up congress lawmaker sushmita devs plea alleging that the election commission (ec) has not acted against prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah for violations of election model code of conduct (mcc).
;;-0.4019;;it had last week asked the ec to decide by may 6 nine complaints the congress has filed against modi and shah.
;;-0.1531;;the poll watchdog has exonerated modi from any violations related to his speeches in latur and wardha.
;;-0.7003;;in latur, modi last month urged first-time voters to dedicate their votes to the heroes of the air strike in pakistan on february 26 and soldiers killed in the pulwama attack.
;;0.0;;modi slammed gandhi in his speech in wardha on april 1 and said the second seat the congress chief has chosen to contest in kerala had more voters from the minority communities.
;;0.0;;pm modi held a road show and so did sp national president akhilesh yadav and congress vice-president rahul gandhi jointly.
;;0.3182;;bsp chief mayawati addressed a rally in rohania and said modi mandir me chahe jitni puja kar le jeet bsp ki hi hogi (no matter how time modi spends in worship at temples, the bsp will win).
;;-0.2732;;attacking the separatist leaders for giving a strike call tomorrow during the visit of prime minister modi to inaugurate the chenani-nashri tunnel, he said it become a fashion for them to give such calls.
;;-0.25;;in a joint statement, chairmen of rival factions of the hurriyat conference, syed ali shah geelani and mirwaiz umar farooq, and jklf chairman mohammad yasin malik had said there should be a complete shutdown on april 2 to protest the proposed visit of modi.
;;-0.3818;;upset over the development, tannery owners have decided to oppose the move and petition both prime minister modi and up chief minister yogi adityanath and call on them next week.
;;0.6597;;prime minister modi had promised rs 11,000 crore to build and improve roads leading to these four sites before the assembly elections.
;;0.2937;;slamming delhi governments announcement of providing free travel to women in metros and busses former delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc) chief e sreedharan has written to prime minister modi seeking his personal intervention urging him to not agree to the proposal adding that the decision to give concession to one section of the community will push delhi metro into inefficiency and bankruptcy.
;;0.6461;;after the culmination of polls on sunday, several exit polls on television channels have projected the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) to retain power at the centre with most pollsters giving prime minister modi a clear majority again in the 543-member lok sabha.
;;0.4215;;the decision to declare the irf unlawful was approved by a cabinet chaired by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7351;;prime minister modi will meet the gold coast medal winners on monday.
;;0.7776;;ahead of the recent assembly election there were rumours that if the bjp won uttar pradesh, prime minister modi would become stronger and he might ask chouhan or chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh to shift to the centre as he would not like them to become stronger in the coming days.
;;-0.6167;;according to him, the cm doesnt enjoy a good rapport with modi and bjp chief amit shah unlike his relationship with advani who once thought chouhan was a probable prime minister.
;;0.0;;to put that in context, the rise of mobile phone assembly is at the heart of prime minister modi modis make in india.
;;0.5719;;job creationthe genesis of the make in india campaign was job creation and developing a skilled workforce, the stated electoral promises for the modi government.
;;0.3612;;the minister also said that roadshows have been held in six countries including the uk, us, china, russia, south korea and uae to attract the industry and potential investors for the textiles india event, to be inaugurated by prime minister modi in gandhinagar on june 30.
;;-0.4939;;pm speaks to khandu on arunachal pradesh flood situationprime minister modi spoke to arunachal pradesh chief minister pema khandu on wednesday to take stock of the damage caused by floods and landslides in the state.
;;-0.7717;;expressing his anguish at the situation, pm modi tweeted on wednesday: i am anguished by the situation arising due to floods in various parts of the northeast.
;;0.0;;in a stinging swipe at prime minister modi for his remarks against his predecessor manmohan singh, congress vice-president rahul gandhi said instead of peeping into the bathrooms of others and reading horoscopes, he should look into issues concerning the common man.
;;0.0;;the sp chief also took on modi over the horoscope comment.
;;-0.296;;and there has been no perceptible change in the trend even after prime minister modi took charge of the nation in 2014.
;;-0.2732;;last year, i had also apprised prime minister modi in detail of the reasons behind the growing intensity of the devastation caused by floods in the state.
;;0.3412;;modi sahib (prime minister modi modi) came recently and told us not to worry.
;;0.0;;since modi came (to power), our slum has paved roads.
;;0.3818;;follow lok sabha elections phase 2 live updates hereprime minister modi visited the constituency twice since january, reiterating the bjps commitment to the citizenship (amendment) bill (cab), which, unlike in other parts of the northeast, is the partys main poll plank here.
;;0.0;;i will vote for modi.
;;0.6908;;also read | lok sabha election 2019: 5 assam seats up for grabs in second phase of pollinghowever, sitting congress mp sushmita devs stand of supporting the citizenship to hindu refugees going against her partys stated position have complicated things further for the bjp even as modi remains popular.
;;-0.128;;indiaupdated: jul 29, 2019 16:27 istcome august 12 and the world will see a completely different side of prime minister modi when he features on man vs wild, learning the tricks of survival in untamed wilderness with the show host bear grylls to raise awareness about protecting nature.
;;0.0;;speaking about the show, prime minister modi , said, for years, i have lived among nature, in the mountains and the forests.
;;0.0;;a trailer for the programme shows modi , 68, driving into the jim corbett national park in northern india guided by grylls, with images of a tiger, a herd of elephants and deer running in the distance.
;;0.5709;;you are the most important person in india, its my job to protect you, grylls tells modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on monday urged people to break the voting record of the previous three rounds as polling in 72 seats across the country started in the fourth phase of the lok sabha election.
;;0.4404;;i hope those voting today do so in large numbers and break the voting records of the previous three phases, prime minister modi tweeted.
;;-0.3612;;the party protested in the assembly demanding the ministers expulsion from the cabinet and former deputy chief minister modi said: regret by cm nitish is not enough and mastan should be sacked from the cabinet.
;;0.2263;;5 million tons of raw sugar worth more than $350 million to china, a proposal that officials said was first discussed by prime minister modi and president xi jinping during their informal summit at wuhan in april.
;;-0.7269;;former bihar chief minister and rjd leader rabri devi has described prime minister modi as jallad (executioner) and accusing him of killing judges and journalists.
;;0.0;;rabri made the remarks when asked by reporters to react to congress leaders priyanka gandhis jibe at modi that he was duryodhan.
;;-0.4767;;priyanka was wrong in describing modi as duryodhan.
;;-0.4201;;first, she tweeted to prime minister modi modi: for travel to india, the consulate makes acquiring a visa the most difficult task.
;;0.7351;;he refused to comment but says he is sure of one thing - all of the leaders on his side, be it mayawati, banerjee or akhilesh yadav, are better contenders than prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7351;;narendra modi keeps asking who is the leader in the opposition and i keep saying, every leader in the opposition is as strong or better than modi , he said.
;;-0.0516;;we now request prime minister modi to apply balm to the deep wounds of the sikh community by personally intervening to ensure that the guilty of this genocide are not allowed to go scot-free any longer, he said.
;;-0.0772;;the whole country wants prime minister modi to form the next government, because of his record of development, his action against terror and his efforts to make india proud in the international community of nations, said singh.
;;0.0;;the congress vice-president is addressing this rally the same day as prime minister modi spoke at a rally in jalandhar.
;;-0.2023;;five teams of national disaster response force (ndrf) were leading the rescue effort in the holy city, which is also the parliamentary constituency of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4939;;modi expressed grief over the incident.
;;0.2263;;meanwhile, conrad k sangma, the lone npp member in the lok sabha, urged prime minister modi to intervene and direct the environment ministry to de-notify the new rules in the larger interest of the people.
;;-0.1027;;conrad, in an open letter to modi , said the new law imposes a number of restrictions on cattle trade that would have serious impact on the socio-cultural and economic milieu of millions, especially those in the agricultural and related industrial sectors.
;;-0.8074;;rahul gandhi and congress have regard for their worst enemies unlike pm modi , says randeep surjewala, according to ani reports.
;;0.0;;06pm: union minister ananth kumar reacts to rahul gandhis pm is corruption remark, says: what is he saying about pm modi?
;;-0.3612;;54pm: the idea that (narendra) modi is fighting corruption is a lie, he is corruption.
;;0.0;;45pm: yeddyurappa says prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah made me the chief ministerial candidate.
;;0.0258;;by targeting national congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar in his first campaign rally for nda in wardha in vidarbha, prime minister modi on monday indirectly acknowledged the former as the main opponent in the poll battle for maharashtra.
;;0.9349;;pawar play vs bjpwhile the ncp hopes to retain the home ground by winning maximum seats in this region  it managed to win four seats here even during the 2014 modi wave  the bjp is hoping to unseat the opposition from its traditional bastion.
;;-0.5423;;modi is a good pm, but the bjp has failed us, said gulabrao dhokhe, from baburdi village in ahmednagar district.
;;0.8555;;prime minister modi conducted a special puja at the kedarnath temple in uttarakhand on wednesday morning in his first visit to the revered shrine since winning the general elections three years ago.
;;0.4215;;twitter.com/vdhczdrwic  modi (@narendramodi) may 3, 2017soon after, the pm exchanged greetings with the main priest.
;;-0.6705;;modi had taken an aerial survey of kedarnath after it was ravaged in the june 2013 flash floods that killed more than 5,000 people.
;;-0.1531;;as prime minister modi , a staunch critic of dynastic politics, shared stage with the badal clan on sunday at kotkapura, the village of former indian president giani zail singh nearby has a story of a forgotten son.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , former afghanistan president hamid karzai, former chief ministers thakur ram lal, virbhadra singh, prem kumar dhumal, andincumbent cm jai ram thakur have been patrons of the place.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is scheduled to visit odisha on monday to review the situation.
;;0.0;;kashmir may not be a major topic at upcoming modi-xi meet, says chinathe situation in kashmir might not be a major topic of discussion during the upcoming informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping in india next month, the chinese foreign ministry said on tuesday.
;;0.5574;;putting it another way: if prime minister modi and trump were to eventually have their face-to-face meeting, would the agenda have enough positive elements?
;;-0.7227;;but india is a net negative in trumps anti-immigration narrative while modi is a climate true-believer.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister modi has said jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar was designated as a global terrorist because india is now seen as a nation that will leave no stone unturned to ensure the safety and security of its citizens.
;;0.0;;also read | what is the difference between modi of 2014 and 2019?
;;-0.7845;;the ban on high-value banknotes was a panic decision by prime minister modi that also showed that the government was ready to bulldoze its policies through even at the cost of undermining institutions such as the central bank, congress vice-president rahul gandhi has said.
;;-0.5859;;there is no space in the modi government for the ones who disagree, gandhi added.
;;-0.7351;;he also denied suggestions that the opposition has failed to counter the modi government.
;;0.9017;;the move was welcomed by the people, especially activists like city based-surgeon dr rk verma, who had over the last couple of years written seven letters to prime minister modi and four to the supreme court calling for an end to the vip culture.
;;-0.7121;;the congress insulted dalit icon br ambedkar and does not care for the community, said prime minister modi on sunday, responding after the opposition partys president rahul gandhi tweeted a video.
;;-0.296;;at the chitradurga rally, modi retorted back saying the congress had no time for ambedkar.
;;-0.3818;;expressing concern over the situation arising due to cyclone fani, which is expected to intensify into a severe cyclonic storm by this noon, prime minister modi said he had spoken to officials to take preventive measure and provide assistance.
;;0.6486;;praying for everyones safety and wellbeing, modi tweeted.
;;-0.8519;;only prime minister modi can resolve the problems plaguing kashmir, chief minister mehbooba mufti said on saturday as her government struggled to keep a lid on increasing violence and bitterness in the valley.
;;0.5994;;amid speculations of the centre dismissing her administration and imposing governors rule in the state, mehbooba threw her weight behind modi and praised the pm for his surprise christmas visit to lahore two years ago.
;;-0.3612;;i am saying it again and i may be criticised for it but if there is someone, who could find solution to the problem of jammu and kashmir, it is modi ji and none else, she told a gathering after inaugurating a flyover in jammu.
;;-0.8625;;mehbooba met modi in delhi last month after the unending cycle of violence, stone-pelting and spike in attacks became a cause of grave concern for the central government.
;;0.5719;;but on saturday, the 57-year-old cm backed modi and said whatever he decided (on kashmir), the entire country would support him.
;;0.8126;;on his visit to lucknow on friday, the former athlete shares his last wish, expectations from the up government and admiration for the prime minister modi modi.
;;0.34;;taking cue from the gujarat assembly elections results where congress put up a tough fight against the bjp despite the fact it is the home state of pm modi , the opposition parties in the state are hoping for a regime change in maharashtra.
;;0.5719;;west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee endorsed telugu desam party president and andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu for another term on sunday saying the state is known across the world only because of him while insisting that prime minister modi has to be ejected in the general elections.
;;-0.7964;;the tmc chief said there was no dearth of leaders to fight for the country and that prime minister modi has to be shown the door.
;;-0.1027;;she also took a swipe at modi for questioning who will be the oppositions prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.0;;who is modi to ask about our pm candidate?
;;-0.6808;;she accused modi of threatening leaders of opposition-ruled states with raids by the cbi, income tax department and enforcement directorate.
;;-0.4404;;the move is in line with prime minister modi modis call for steps by the state governments to lessen the burden of cases on courts, a senior official of up law department said.
;;0.0516;;earlier, modi had also termed government as the biggest litigant while stressing on the need to lessen the load on the judiciary which spends its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party.
;;0.0;;at the nukkad sabha, he hits out at prime minister modi and the bjp.
;;0.0;;up chief minister yogi adityanath said many had initially thought that prime minister modi had nominated namoona (an oddity or maverick) as cm but indicated that it wasnt the case.
;;-0.5574;;when i was named cm many thought pm modi had nominated a namoona cm, adityanath said at the bjp working committee meeting and then highlighted his governments crackdown on illegal slaughter houses to indicate that this wasnt the case.
;;-0.5574;;that they lost their seats, that their ministers lost elections or that they are left only in ppp -- puducherry, punjab and parivar, amit shah says referring to the abbreviation first used by prime minister modi during a rally in karnataka.
;;0.0;;the congress general secretary, who recently campaigned in prime minister modi modi's constituency varanasi, said when she enquired about the development there  as tall claims had been made about it  she was shown a 15-km road from the airport.
;;-0.733;;attacking modi , she said he could not reach out to even a single poor family in his parliamentary constituency in the past five years.
;;0.5859;;dehradun: yoga has the potential to create a new era of togetherness and harmony, prime minister modi said on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will lead the event to be held at the sprawling forest research institute ground.
;;0.6549;;senior rjd abdul bari siddiqui questioned as to why the centre prime minister modi had not taken cognizance of the flood and drought situation in bihar so far, implying that bjp- led nda government at the centre should have been more proactive in giving central assistance to bihar.
;;0.0;;chandigarhupdated: aug 21, 2019 22:17 istchief minister captain amarinder singh on wednesday wrote to prime minister modi seeking 1,000-crore special package to address the losses resulting from flooding in the state.
;;0.4019;;sinha, who has been at odds with the partys central leadership, then said that a government cannot be run on jumlebaji (hyperbole)  a term used by opposition parties to target the modi government.
;;0.0;;yashwant sinha claimed that a group of 10-20 people accompany prime minister modi wherever he goes and chants modi , modi.
;;0.0;;modi is not an issue.
;;-0.1779;;he said prime minister modi has failed to deliver on the promises.
;;0.3612;;congress star campaigner and six-time mla ghanshyam tiwari said, if modi wins again then no one knows that whether election will happen or not in future.
;;-0.7506;;what congress failed to do in 55 years, modi did in five years; people who were deprived of basic facilities are availing of houses, toilets and drinking water.
;;0.0;;he added, modi has brought the country on development tracks  indian economy was on 11th position when modi was elected as the pm and now it is on fifth rank.
;;0.0;;tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami left for new delhi on sunday to meet prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4939;;during his meeting with modi , palaniswami is likely to take up various issues, including exempting tamil nadu from neet (national eligibility cum entrance test) and seeking funds to address damage caused by cyclone vardah, among others.
;;0.0;;palaniswami had a brief interaction with modi at coimbatore on february 24 when he had arrived in the city to inaugurate the bust of adiyogi.
;;0.4404;;all bjp-ruled states have been told a pass a resolution felicitating prime minister modi , home minister amit shah, and the union government for effectively revoking article 370.
;;0.8658;;the letter asks for the organisation of enthusiastic programmes in all mandals to elaborately discuss how modi , shah and the central government fulfilled the dream of syama prasad mukherjee, the founder of the bharatiya jana sangh, the predecessor to the bharatiya janata party.
;;0.7096;;the firm determination, firmness and courage of modi and amit shah has led to this historic and seemingly impossible task, he added.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi delivered an address to the nation on thursday to explain the reasons behind the governments move.
;;0.4019;;delhiupdated: aug 18, 2019 21:28 istbharatiya janata party (bjp) mp hans raj hans has suggested that the jawaharlal nehru university (jnu) should be renamed after prime minister modi , drawing sharp reactions.
;;0.4019;;tiwari in his campaigns is seeking support in the name of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4404;;home minister rajnath singh, addressing his first election meeting in purnia on wednesday said that the country was in safe hands and india under prime minister modi was developing on all fronts.
;;0.6501;;praising bihar chief minister nitish kumar, the home minister said that pm modi and cm nitish kumar were spotless, without any corruption charges against them.
;;0.5267;;while congratulating prime minister modi for winning a second term, kejriwal also said he is looking forward to working together in delhi.
;;0.7906;;i congratulate modi for this historic win and look forward to working together for the betterment of the people of delhi, he said in a tweet.
;;0.3182;;even the congresss old guard, which the party fielded in the contest after talks on an alliance with the aap failed, could not counter the wave in favour of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4019;;the people of delhi have given their full-hearted support to prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.7906;;it is a historic mandate and just shows that people have rejected the negative politics of aap and voted for development-oriented policies of the modi government, said tiwari.
;;0.5106;;the mission was introduced after prime minister modi pledged to make india open defecation free by 2019 during his independence day speech in 2014.
;;0.0;;their only agenda seems to be to oppose prime minister modi and nothing else.
;;-0.128;;congress leader mani shankar aiyar was back in the news on tuesday with an article justifying his neech jibe against prime minister modi two years ago, prompting the bjp to call him abuser-in-chief and his party arrogant.
;;0.0;;in an article, written for rising kashmir, aiyar also slammed modi on a series of issues and asked, remember how i described him on 7 december 2017?
;;-0.6486;;during the day-long protests outside offices of all district commissioners (dcs) in the state, the farmers will submit two memorandums: one on mp police firing addressed to prime minister modi , and the other to punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh on his governments failure to fulfil the poll promise of farm loan waiver.
;;-0.128;;uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav hit back at the prime minister modi on saturday evening for the latters scam jibe, saying the acronym actually stands for save the country from amit shah and modi.
;;0.6249;;modi had earlier played with the word to say it stands for samajwadi party, congress, akhilesh yadav and mayawati.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi arrived in russia , the third leg of his four-nation tour of europe, late on wednesday evening.
;;0.0;;today, modi will hold the 18th india-russia annual bilateral summit with russian president vladimir putin.
;;-0.836;;a joint statement issued following a meeting here between visiting indian prime minister modi and his spanish counterpart mariano rajoy said both leaders recognised that terrorism poses the gravest threat to international peace and stability and expressed their strong commitment to combat terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
;;0.4404;;here are the highlights:11:45pm:the front page banner of rossiskaya gazeta today: 'narendra modi writes exclusively for our newspaper on russia-india friendship' pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/ajrm8jiief  gopal baglay (@meaindia) may 31, 201711:35pm:russia: pm modi meets people outside the hotel in saint petersburg pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/0vztis0euh  modi (@narendramodi) may 31, 201710:30pm: pm modi arrives in st petersburg, russia: anirussia: pm modi arrives in saint petersburg pic.
;;0.8625;;00pm: modi encourages spanish infrastructure, tourism, energy and defense companies to invest in priority sectors, saying its a great time for spanish companies to invest in india.
;;0.0;;25pm: ceos in madrid interact with modi , reports ani.
;;0.0;;spain: prime minister modi modi's interaction with spanish ceos in madrid.
;;0.2732;;3pm: india and spain sign 7 agreements during pm modi modis visit, reports pti.
;;0.0;;2pm:#watch pm modi and prime minister of spain mariano rajoy interact at palace of moncloa in madrid pic.
;;-0.3182;;45pm: modi , in a private conversation with rajoy, called for strengthening bilateral cooperation to fight terrorism as both our countries have faced the security challenge.
;;0.0;;25pm:india & spain can cooperate in so many areas, including infrastructure; we must have even closer economic ties: pm modi in madrid pic.
;;0.0;;10pm: pm modi meets president of spain mariano rajoy in madrid.
;;0.4588;;50am: modi will hold discussions with his spanish counterpart mariano rajoy on ways to deepen bilateral engagement, including in the high-tech sector.
;;0.0;;modi will also call on king felipe vi of spain.
;;0.5499;;mr naidu may be proactive but the numbers may well dictate that his arch rivals, k chandrashekar rao (kcr) and jagan mohan reddy be far more instrumental as swing forces if the opposition needs numbers to keep mr modi out.
;;0.5023;;but the dilemma was that if they had announced someone, all other elements of the opposition may well have sabotaged it or the person may not have had all-india acceptability to take on mr modi.
;;0.7269;;with the oppositions firm belief that mr modi will fall short of a majority  this could well be untrue for there is as strong a possibility of the nda making it to government again  the competitive game in their ranks is set to begin.
;;0.8399;;appreciating prime minister modi modis remarks that the rise of india and china offered an unprecedented opportunity for both countries, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying told a media briefing in beijing that it is very important for both countries to have sound and stable cooperation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi with minister of state for external affairs mj akbar and orf director sunjoy joshi at the raisina dialogue ii in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;in his remarks pm modi did not directly mention the cpec.
;;-0.6808;;on the 60th day of after prime minister modi announced demonetisation -- the situation, which sucked out 86  of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a dena bank branch in khimana village in gujarat was pelted with stones.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 09, 2019 06:12 istexternal affairs minister s jaishankar will prepare the diplomatic groundwork for prime minister modi modis unga visit this month and hold bilateral talks with his us counterpart mike pompeo on september 30 to further cement indo-american ties, senior officials familiar with the schedule said on sunday.
;;0.1346;;according to diplomatic officials based in new york, washington and new delhi, the modi government does not want to leave anything to chance when it comes to dealing with pakistan on the kashmir issue at the unga (united nations general assembly) and will press hard to counter any moves from islamabad.
;;0.0;;for the next four days till modi leaves new york after addressing the un general assembly on september 27, jaishankar will accompany the pm and firefight any allegations raised by pakistan, especially by its prime minister imran khan during his unga address, said one of the officials cited above.
;;0.0;;after modi leaves, jaishankar is scheduled to travel to washington for bilateral meetings with us secretary of state mike pompeo and other senior officials of the administration.
;;0.0;;the modi government has taken note of the anodyne remarks issued by chinese state councillor wang yi on kashmir during bilateral talks with his pakistani counterpart in islamabad.
;;0.7579;;the dates for the awaited india-china special representative dialogue on boundary resolution as well as an informal summit between pm modi and president xi jinping are works in progress, the second official said.
;;-0.5859;;1 percent, the worst since the 1970s, posing a major challenge for newly re-elected prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi unveiled a 112-feet-tall lord shiva statue in tamil nadus coimbatore on the occasion of hindu festival mahashivratri on friday.
;;0.0;;modi unveiled the statue or adiyogi -- an avatar of lord shiva who is considered to be the first of yogis -- at isha foundation in coimbatore.
;;-0.743;;modi also defended the decision to field malegaon blast accused sadhvi pragya singh thakur from the bhopal lok sabha seat, saying she is a symbol for those who described hindus as terrorists.
;;0.0;;on the eve of prime minister modi modis two-day visit to his home state, patidar quota stir leader hardik patel and 50 of his community youths tonsured their heads on sunday to kick start nyay yatra.
;;0.0;;modi will begin the gujarat visit on monday from kutch district where he will inaugurate development projects at kandla and dedicate narmada water pumping station at bhachau.
;;0.0;;unlike the november 2015 community event at wembley stadium, prime minister modi will address a scaled-down, invitation-only event in london on april 18 during his visit to the uk for the commonwealth heads of government meeting.
;;0.0;;billed as a niche event, it is being projected as a live interactive conversation with modi that will be telecast live.
;;0.0;;one of the instruments modi is scheduled to sign during the visit is a memorandum of understanding with the uk on the return of indian citizens who do not have the right to remain in the country.
;;0.34;;british agencies have been gearing upto meet security requirements during chogm events in london and windsor, including dealing with demonstrations before modi planned by some uk-based groups, such assikh federation uk.
;;0.0;;chief minister o panneerselvam is likely to meet prime minister modi on the issue.
;;-0.2263;;there has been speculation that the jd(u) (which fought as many seats as the bjp, 17) could have caused some losses to the alliance although leaders have been banking on the popularity of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.0772;;siddaramaiah last week sent a legal notice threatening to file a rs 100-crore defamation suit against yeddyurappa, prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah and asked them to publicly apologise for allegedly making false and defamatory statements against him.
;;0.3612;;the opposition parties in maharashtra, the congress and nationalist congress party, on friday slammed malegaon blast accused and bharatiya janata partys candidate in bhopal, pragya singh thakur, for her remarks against ips officer hemant karkare, demanding an apology from prime minister modi modi.
;;0.3818;;modi should apologise to the country for her statements, sawant said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi suggested that programmes should revolve around the theme of gandhi in action and include use of technology so that the whole world can take note and participate.
;;0.1779;;patna: senior bjp leader modi has urged the union government to adopt january 1 as the date for commencement of financial year.
;;0.7564;;asked whether the union government would consider bihars demand for special status, the former deputy chief minister said what prime minister modi had given to bihar in terms of financial package was much more than granting special status.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi will jointly inaugurate the 900-mw arun iii power project with his nepalese counterpart, announce special assistance for janakpur (birthplace of sita as per ramayana), and oversee the sides drawing timelines for implementing projects during his two-day visit to nepal on may 11 and 12, persons familiar with the planning said.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi making a return trip so soon after prime minister olis visit to india shows the importance he attaches to the ties, said a source.
;;0.6486;;modi will arrive in janakpur on may 11, where he is likely to announce special assistance to the city, which features prominently in the indian governments plan to promote the ramayana circuit.
;;0.0;;the next day, modi will visit the temple town of muktinath.
;;-0.3818;;hours after that, prime minister modi delivered a televised address in which he made the shock announcement.
;;-0.802;;prime minister modi condemned the blast in kabul and underlined the need for defeating forces supporting terrorism.
;;0.3527;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) may 31, 2017afghan president ashraf ghani also condemned the attack and statement from his office quoted him as saying that the terrorists, even in the holy month of ramadan, the month of goodness, blessing and prayer, are not stopping the killing of our innocent people.
;;0.0;;the modi government kicked off on friday its nationwide celebration to mark three years in power, a mega show comprising hundreds of leaders with an eye on the next general elections.
;;0.8271;;but our government always trusted the people: pm modiin the last three years, we have given foremost priority to trusting the citizens: pm modi in guwahati,assam pic.
;;0.7783;;in three years, i can proudly claim that 125 crores voters have always walked along with us, gave strength to our belief, said modi.
;;0.0;;the obc commission has been passed: pm modi in guwahati pic.
;;0.9509;;kumar uttam (@meetuttam) may 26, 20173:56pm: i want to assure people of india that the kashmir situation will soon be brought under control, says amit shah3:53pm: modi govt has met peoples aspirations, says amit shah3:51pm: ease of doing business improved, fdi inflow grew, says amit shah3:50pm: india has grown as an economic leader, says shah3:48pm: bjp president amit shah speaks to media on 3 years of modi govt2:37pm: ne of northeast would mean new economy, new energy, new empowerment, new engine, says pm modi2:32pm: pm modi launches sampada yojana- scheme for agro marine processing and development of agro processing clusters2:29pm: in new india, we have to move towards ever green revolution, says pm modi2:27pm: if northeast starts working in this (organic farming) direction, india can become one of the biggest centres of organic farming, says pm modi2:26pm: in northeast, the likelihood of organic farming is very high: pm2:24pm: we laid emphasis on pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana, says pm modi2:19pm: we cant bring change in the country through tokenism, says pm modi at his dhemaji rally2:17pm: our dream is to double farmers income by 2022, the year when india completes 75 years of independence: pm modi2:15pm: we want to bring modernisation in agriculture, says pm modi2:12pm: pm modi is addressing another rally in assams dhemaji12:19pm: pm renames dhola sadiya bridge as bhupen hazarika bridge12:18pm: within the first year of bjp rule in assam, the state is getting rid of many of its problems, says pm modi12:14pm: the bridge will save time, says pm12:12pm: the bridge will be a link in the development of two states- arunachal pradesh and assam: pm12:10pm: prime minister modi says the bridge will bring an economic revolution12:08pm: this bridge will open new avenues for the farmers, says pm modi in assam12:04pm: it is a proud moment for the country that indias longest bridge has been constructed in assam, says pm modi12:00pm: pm modi is addressing a rally in dhola, assam11:50am: congress leader kamal nath said bjp spending rs 2000 cr on celebration,3 years of modi govt can be summed up as bhashan aur aashwaasan, yeh hai mera shaasanfuturistic infrastructure that will power india's growth.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/w8t14p4dnc  pmo india (@pmoindia) may 26, 201711:00am: pm modi inaugurates the 9.
;;0.0;;(ani photo)pm modi inaugurates dhola - sadia bridge across river brahamputra in purana sadiya, assam pic.
;;0.0;;10:10am: pm modi arrives in dibrugarh to inaugurate dhola-sadiya bridge and other projects (ani photo)9:00 am: prime minister modi said these years have seen concrete steps that have transformed the lives of the people.
;;0.0;;co/8smeezyfds  modi (@narendramodi) may 26, 2017what do you feel about the govt?
;;0.0;;co/tyuxnnjfif  modi (@narendramodi) may 26, 2017he also invited the public to participate in a survey on his narendramodi app about the performance of his government.
;;0.0;;these visits followed, and were in continuation with, two phone conversations prime minister modi has had with president trump starting with a congratulatory call on the morning after latters stunning upset victory in the november 9 elections.
;;0.4588;;when the reports of shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray being invited by prime minister modi to dinner surfaced last week, raut had said that bjp leaders will have to come to thackerays residence if they want their support in the presidential election.
;;0.4404;;rawat said president pranab mukherjee and prime minister modi modis proposed visit to the chardham would send out a message across the country that the chardham yatra was safe.
;;0.2654;;watch: dont forget 2004: sonias message for pm modi as ls polls kick offindira gandhi contested from this seat two more times in 1971 and 1977, when she lost to janata party candidate raj narain.
;;-0.4588;;after filing her papers, sonia gandhi made a brief statement to the waiting mediapersons attacking prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4939;;to a question if prime minister modi is invincible, she said, not at all, not at all.
;;0.0;;narendra modi has done nothing for the people of india in the last five years.
;;0.6597;;the bharatiya janata party (bjp) member of legislative assembly (mla) from gurgaon, umesh agarwal, on thursday, alleged that the congress raised slogans against prime minister modi outside kingdom of dreams (kod).
;;0.0;;the firebrand trinamool congress chief also said that people usually revere national leaders, but modi was an exception.
;;-0.4404;;it is only people modi and gabbar singh that people are scared of.
;;0.0;;modi is daydreaming about getting a foothold in west bengal.
;;-0.7003;;you (ec) are thus requested to ask mr. modi , the prime minister, for evidence in support of his statement, failing which his nomination should be cancelled for violation of the model code of conduct by making such provocative and undemocratic statements, the letter said.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi on sunday met chinese president xi jinping at the welcome ceremony of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in chinas qingdao.
;;0.0;;modi arrived in qingdao on saturday to attend the two-day sco summit.
;;0.7269;;here are the live updates:5pm: modi met nazarbayev and invited his country to join the international solar alliance, an initiative announced in 2015 whose primary objective is to work for efficient exploitation of solar energy to reduce dependence on fossil fuels.
;;0.6808;;pm modi invited kazakhstan to join the international solar alliance and the president of kazakhstan responded positively, said ruchi ghanashyam, secretary (west) in the ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.0;;3:12pm: prime minister modi departs for india from qingdao, china: ani.
;;0.0;;2:11pm: modi holds a meeting with president of kyrgyzstan sooronbai jeenbekov.
;;0.1779;;twitter.com/gxlmykyjcn  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) june 10, 20182:00pm: xi jinping suggests to prime minister modi that china and india should set up a new bilateral trade target of $100 billion by 2020, as beijing is looking at importing non-basmati rice as well as sugar to address the huge trade deficit.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi attended the heads of state council meeting.
;;0.0;;12:10pm: modi holds a meeting with president of kazakhstan nursultan nazarbayev on the sidelines.
;;0.0;;pm modi held a meeting with president of kazakhstan nursultan nazarbayev on the sidelines of #scosummit in china's #qingdao pic.
;;0.7351;;11:49am: presence of prime minister modi and pakistan president mamnoon hussain is of great historic significance, says jinping.
;;0.0;;11:22am: pm modi and other leaders attend the signing ceremony of sco summit: ani.
;;0.2732;;#scosummit : prime minister modi and other leaders at the signing of agreements and joint statement in china's #qingdao pic.
;;0.7845;;9:05am: modi floats the concept of secure: s for security for citizens, e for economic development, c for connectivity in the region, u for unity, r for respect of sovereignty, e for environment protection.
;;0.9169;;i hope the brave steps towards peace taken by president ghani will be respected by all in the region, says pm modi at sco summit.
;;0.0;;pm modi and russian president vladimir putin also present: ani.
;;0.0;;from left: indian prime minister modi , kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov, tajikistan president imomali rakhmon, russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping, kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev, uzbekistan's president shavkat mirziyoyev and pakistani president mamnoon hussain pose for a photo prior to their talks at the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) summit in qingdao in eastern china's shandong province sunday, june 10, 2018.
;;0.4588;;(ap photo/alexander zemlianichenko) (ap photo)7:30am: prime minister modi meets chinese president xi jinping at the welcome ceremony of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in qingdao.
;;0.5267;;an indication to his ascension in the party hierarchy came from the choice of posters inside the venue  one on the dais showing prime minister modi , party president amit shah, former pm atal behari vajpayee and senior leader lk advani and another on the opposite side of the hall showing adityanath surrounded by leaders at his swearing in ceremony.
;;0.0;;after prime minister modi , he is the most sought-after bjp leader in the campaigning for the delhi municipal polls.
;;0.5859;;modi and shah have set their eyes on unconquered territories, odisha being one of them, to win the 2019 lok sabha election.
;;-0.6908;;rahul gandhi, congress vice-president then, attacked the government in a series of tweets in november asking why prime minister modi bypassed hindustan aeronautics limited to give the deal to an aa rated businessman with no defence experience.
;;0.1531;;the renovated temple will be thrown open for pilgrims in february next year, when the telangana chief minister is planning to perform the maha sudharshana yagam, the mother of all yagnams, and invite prime minister modi and others including vaishnavite seers from across the country.
;;0.0;;congress vice president rahul gandhi on tuesday drew a parallel between prime minister modi and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, and said both the leaders are running one-man show.
;;0.3818;;referring to poll promises made by modi and kejriwal ahead of the 2014 lok sabha and 2015 delhi assembly polls, gandhi said both the leaders had misled the public.
;;-0.7003;;read:delhi mcd polls: congress guns join big fight, rahul gandhi to address conventionintensifying his attack on kejriwal, gandhi said modi has caused loss to the nation, the delhi cm was doing a similar thing to delhi.
;;-0.2263;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee demanded a clarification from prime minister modi modi.
;;0.25;;soon after his return from the shanghai cooperation organisation summit in bishkek last night, prime minister modi unveiled his vision for the indian economy at the niti aayogs meeting held at the rashtrapati bhavan on saturday.
;;0.9528;;goal to make india a 5 trillion dollar economy by 2024, is challenging, but achievable, with the concerted efforts of states, said modi at the aayogs first meeting after his party won a handsome victory in the general elections.
;;0.0;;speaking in the central hall of parliament soon after his latest victory at the polls, pm modi added sabka vishwas to his slogan of sabka saath, sabka vikaas.
;;0.0;;they discussed the proposed agenda/issues of states ruled by the congress and its allies to be taken up with prime minister modi in the meeting of the niti aayog, sources said.
;;0.128;;in 2015, prime minister modi launched the sugamya bharat abhiyan (accessible india campaign) on world disability day amid much fanfare.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi is meeting with top economists and experts ahead of the union budget to be presented on july 5.
;;-0.3182;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi and prime minister modi also campaigned aggressively.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi and party chief amit shah are among the boards 12 members who also include union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, nitin gadkari, sushma swaraj, venkaiah naidu, ananth kumar, thawarchand gehlot and j p nadda.
;;0.0;;worldupdated: sep 18, 2019 10:14 istthe situation in kashmir might not be a major topic of discussion during the upcoming informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping in india next month, the chinese foreign ministry said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi was on friday addressing the plenary session of the st petersburg international economic forum.
;;0.0;;before the address, modi visited the institute of oriental manuscripts in st. petersburg, where some of indias historical and holy manuscripts are kept.
;;0.8402;;here are live updates on modis visit:-- 125 crore people of india are inviting you- explore the opportunities in india: modi-- in india there is lot of work underway in renewable energy: modi-- i see immense opportunities in manufacturing healthcare equipment, defence sector, services sector: modi-- in india, sky is the limit.
;;0.0;;29pm: pm modi is speaking at plenary session of st petersburg international economic forum.
;;-0.5106;;the decision to issue id cards to gau rakshaks considered genuine was taken by the state government in august last year after prime minister modi spoke out against those posing as gau rakshaks and disturbing law and order.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , in his monthly radio broadcast on november 27 last year, had set a target of reducing by half indias annual urea consumption by 2022 through soil health cards.
;;0.6705;;prime minister modi will be the first to take oath in the new lok sabha on monday while united progressive alliance (upa) chairperson sonia gandhi might get a special slot to do so over the two-day-long swearing-in ceremony, officials said on sunday.
;;0.0;;but this time, modi is the prime minister and the leader of the house, said a lok sabha official.
;;0.0;;the president indicated that it was up to prime minister modi to take up his mediation offer.
;;0.4588;;although pm modi is still to directly respond to the mediation offerthere is no change in indias position, though, as has been clearly articulated  it does seem like he has taken the trump statement in his stride.
;;0.8126;;the modi government has decided that it will cut out all the noise and focus on cementing bilateral relationship with us even as it engages china and old friend russia for mutual gains on mutually beneficial terms.
;;0.0;;just as president trump wants to disrupt the bilateral stalemate between india and pakistan by offering mediation, the time has come from pm modi to change the facts on ground in jammu and kashmir through deft political manoeuvres with new leaders coming out in the electoral fray.
;;-0.3818;;to break the gridlock in the state, the modi government has to bring economic development to the state, particularly the valley, while keeping up the fight against jihadists of all shades sent by the pakistan army.
;;0.0;;i recently met prime minister modi and union minister gajendra singh shekhawat on this issue.
;;0.1779;;the uk is also keen that india comes on board a bilateral agreement on returning illegal immigrants; the pact could not be signed when prime minister modi visited london in april because of a range of concerns; they ranged from fears of mass deportation to possible security breaches.
;;0.5423;;in a surprise move prime minister modi , on november 8, 2016, scrapped high value banknotes of rs 500 and rs 1000.
;;0.128;;the schemeprime minister modi launched the much-hyped scheme on july 15,2015 with a corpus of rs 1,500 crore and an aim to train 2.
;;0.7906;;he said that soon a delegation will meet prime minister modi with the demand to revive ndrf norms or give special relaxation to the barmer and jaisalmer districts.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will address two back-to-back rallies at gaya and jamui on tuesday.
;;-0.2819;;guhas comment came a couple of days after he tweeted about getting identical threat mails warning him not to be critical of prime minister modi and the ruling bharatiya janata party.
;;0.0;;read more: how yadav singh used clout to build plush club in noidas sector 27in an election rally in ghaziabad earlier, prime minister modi had said he will order a cag audit of all development authorities in the state to check alleged corrupt practices.
;;-0.7096;;the election commission meet to decide on poll code violation complaints against prime minister modi , bjp chief amit shah and congress president rahul gandhi has begun.
;;-0.5106;;hours earlier, the congress had moved the supreme court complaining that the election commission had been sitting on numerous complaints alleging model code of conduct violations against pm modi and amit shah.
;;-0.0739;;senior advocate abhishek manu singhvi mentioned devis petition before a bench led by chief justice ranjan gogoi to seek an urgent hearing but did not clearly name pm modi and amit shah.
;;0.0;;with 115 lok sabha seats  the most in any phase in this summers parliamentary elections  including all 26 from his home state gujarat set to go to the polls on april 23, prime minister modi will have to take a call this week on whether he inaugurates the first hindu temple in abu dhabi by video, or in person on april 19-20.
;;0.743;;if he does choose to visit, apart from the religious messaging, prime minister modi will also receive the king zayed medal in recognition of his pivotal role in strengthening ties between two nations.
;;0.8591;;announcing the highest decoration for pm modi , crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan tweeted: we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister modi , who gave these relations a big boost.
;;-0.1027;;since he came to power in 2014, modi has worked hard to build goodwill and forge close ties with west asia, particularly saudi arabia and the uae.
;;0.4588;;out of the six awards given to pm modi in the past five years, four are from islamic nations.
;;0.9493;;the other two awards received by pm modi were the un champions of the earth award (september 26, 2018) and seoul peace prize on october 24, 2018.
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi will arrive here on monday afternoon on a two-day visit to inaugurate the vibrant gujarat global summit (vggs) and chair a roundtable with 60 ceos of fortune 500 companies in gandhinagar on tuesday.
;;0.0772;;touted as the biggest of the biennial business summits, which was conceived and launched by modi when he was gujarat chief minister in 2003, the eighth edition will see more than 6,000 delegates participating in eight seminars and business-to-business and business-to-government meetings.
;;0.0;;after the inauguration, modi will chair the ceo roundtable on transforming india.
;;0.5106;;on monday, modi will inaugurate nobel prize exhibition ideas changing the world at science city in the evening where he will meet nine nobel laureates from across the globe.
;;0.4588;;in another engagement monday evening, modi will inaugurate the global trade show at helipad exhibition ground in gandhinagar.
;;0.0;;pm modi will also inaugurate work for a revamped gandhinagar railway station which will also house a hi-tech 300-room five-star hotel.
;;0.4404;;we shall continue working together to improve economic and cultural ties between our nations, modi tweeted after the delegation-level talks with president xi.
;;0.0;;the meeting began with president xi congratulating prime minister modi over his election victory.
;;0.7178;;after the election results in india, i got your message, and today again you wish me on the victory, i am very grateful to you for this, modi replied.
;;0.9382;;xi had extended heartfelt congratulations to prime minister modi for winning the general elections last month, in a rare gesture of greeting a foreign leader well before the official announcement of the results.
;;0.2732;;pm modi also invited the chinese president for an informal summit in india, which the latter agreed to.
;;0.3612;;the 2018 wuhan summit between prime minister modi and president xi was largely credited to have turned around the bilateral relations soured by the 73-day doklam standoff, triggered by chinese troops attempts to build a road close to indian border in an area also claimed by bhutan in 2017.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi arrived in the kyrgyz capital on thursday for the sco summit, the first multilateral engagement post his re-election.
;;0.0772;;thomas said the pac has asked reserve bank of india (rbi) to come out with the exact number of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes which were demonetised and deposited with banks after prime minister modi announced the move on november 8.
;;-0.9403;;india stood with the united kingdom in the fight against terrorism, prime minister modi said on thursday, hours after an attack near britains parliament in london killed five people and injured 40.
;;-0.8519;;@theresa_may @number10gov  modi (@narendramodi) march 23, 2017prime minister theresa may condemned the attack as sick and depraved.
;;0.34;;he downplayed a purported plan by maoists to assassinate prime minister modi , stating that the countrys security system will never let that happen.
;;-0.891;;surjewala said , this fight is against injustice and the havoc wreaked on the national economy and the common man of india by prime minister modi and his policies.
;;0.296;;pm modi had promised to end black money, put 15 lakh in every account, pay fair prices to farmers but nothing has happened.
;;-0.4939;;somaiyas remarks to a marathi tv channel ibn lokmat came a day after sena mouthpiece saamana took on prime minister modi , saying demonetisation was akin to dropping a nuclear bomb on the countrys economy.
;;-0.296;;while india and pakistan are struggling to address their trust deficit, the maldives  the only south asian country prime minister modi is yet to visit  is steadily cosying up with china.
;;-0.3919;;electoral missionprime minister modi has invested heavily in foreign policy, but his personalised style of diplomacy is laden with risk factors.
;;0.9153;;a supreme court lawyer, bhatia, who was appointed as additional advocate general of the up government led by then chief minister akhilesh yadav, credited prime minister modi and shah for inspiring him to join the party.
;;0.5106;;the seat has become a prestige issue for the bjp, the governing party in the state as well as at the centre, as patole left the party blaming prime minister modi for doing nothing for the farmers community in the last four years.
;;-0.2023;;he may be desperate to lead the nation into a new world jahan gham bhi na ho, aansoo bhi na ho but aam aadmi party (aap) chief arvind kejriwal instead of posting pictures of aap voters bringing in the much promised revolution in punjab on polling day, ranted against the election commission, blaming, you guessed it, prime minister modi for its biased functioning.
;;0.0;;the comments by trump were his first and comes two weeks since his meeting with prime minister modi on the sidelines of the g7 summit in france on august 26.
;;0.1779;;during his meeting with modi in france last month, trump had said kashmir is an issue that needs to be resolved between india and pakistan.
;;-0.1531;;the government and local agencies are providing real-time information, which i urge those in affected areas to closely follow, prime minister modi said in a tweet on wednesday.
;;0.0;;at a massive election rally in nagpur on thursday evening, gandhi said if the congress and its allies come to power, an inquiry will be conducted against modi over his alleged involvement in the rafale deal.
;;-0.3818;;he also gave an open challenge to modi for a live debate on corruption, unemployment and farmers issue for 15 minutes.
;;-0.2755;;i am not in a hurry, like modi.
;;-0.7506;;: pm modi cites dehradun girls impassioned message on mann ki baata teenager poured all her disgust in a voice message to the prime minister over a stinky, garbage-choked river flowing close to her backyard in the uttarakhand capital.
;;0.6705;;prime minister modi liked 16-year-old gayatri singhs explosive appeal for her right to live in a clean environment so much that he included the girls audio clip in the 30th edition of his mann ki baat monthly radio address on sunday.
;;0.0;;earlier, prime minister modi was expected to address a poll rally in baramati.
;;0.0;;i appeal to people to vote kul and make modi , the prime minister again, said shah.
;;0.5106;;the drama in the assembly began early on wednesday, when bjp member and leader of the opposition, gopal bhargava, claimed the party could topple the congress administration in 24 hours if instructions from the number 1 and number 2  a possible reference to prime minister modi and union home minister amit shah -- were received.
;;0.6908;;kumars party had stayed out of prime minister modi modis government when he dumped bihars early version of the grand alliance comprising lalu yadavs party and the congress and teamed up with the bjp again.
;;0.3182;;whatever may be the outcome of exit poll, we were optimistic of the return of modi government, kumar said.
;;0.0772;;that they want to give a second term for bjp-led nda, said deputy chief minister o panneerselvam, the aiadmk leader who has acknowledged that he patched up with chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on the advice of pm modi.
;;0.7506;;the congress on tuesday termed as regressive the proposed executive order of the us administration that seeks to double minimum wages of h-1b visa holders, and asked prime minister modi to take up the matter with president donald trump to help protect indias interests.
;;0.6486;;sharma said that one can term the expectations of the modi government from donald trump as misplaced and premature euphoria.
;;-0.296;;meanwhile, singhvi also claimed that prime minister modi modis use of caste references during the election campaign is a sign of nervousness.
;;-0.4588;;it is a key reason prime minister modi has been touring the indian ocean, making forays in the troubled waters of the persian gulf and wooing littoral africa.
;;-0.128;;96 lakh in the north bengal district since prime minister modi made the surprise announcement of culling 86  of the currency in circulation on november 8 last year.
;;0.7964;;in his new role, baluni will work on improving the relation between the party and media and also evolve a communication strategy to popularise the welfare schemes for the modi government.
;;0.4767;;closely associated with the rss, baluni is known as a soft-spoken leader and a backroom boy whose management skills impressed prime minister modi and shah.
;;0.3182;;he was actively involved in the campaign management for modi in varanasi during the 2014 lok sabha election.
;;-0.4497;;her nomination was seen by the congress as an effort to polarise the national elections but the choice was strongly defended by prime minister modi , who has on more than one occasion, pitched the decision as a befitting reply to individuals who linked a whole religion and culture to terror.
;;-0.1779;;she demanded that the apology should come from pm modi who had selected pragya thakur as a candidate.
;;0.0;;asaduddin owaisi of the aimim also targeted pm modi.
;;0.25;;remember, modi has defended and endorsed pragyas candidature.
;;0.0772;;corruption was another plank where the ga was on a weak wicket, with prime minister modi making it a poll issue to nail the alliance as a coalition of corrupt leaders out to save their skin.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi tweeted asking people to follow the real-time information by government agencies.
;;-0.1531;;the government and local agencies are providing real-time information, which i urge those in affected areas to closely follow, pm modi tweeted.
;;0.4019;;former himachal cm prem kumar dhumal too called on rajnath singh and later met prime minister modi , along with state party chief satpal singh satti.
;;0.0;;both invited modi for a proposed meeting on historic ridge in shimla on april 27.
;;0.4019;;a video that surfaced on wednesday shows the constable, jeet singh from sahjua thok village in mathura district, asking prime minister modi to resolve the matter at the earliest.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi visited the somnath temple in gujarats gir-somnath district this morning and offered prayers.
;;0.7096;;modi, who is one of the trustees of the somnath temple trust, performed jalabhishek to offer his respects to lord shiva amid chants by the temple priests.
;;0.0;;modi is on a two-day visit to gujarat since tuesday.
;;0.2732;;calling herself a supporter of prime minister modi , barot said she was mainly campaigning through social media and posters.
;;0.0;;the trinamool congress chief, however, did not name either modi or his monthly radio show.
;;-0.296;;reacting to the raids, dmk president mk stalin accused prime minister modi of being behind these search operations.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi said his government has so far distributed 10 crore lpg connections, four crore of which were given free.
;;0.7096;;prime minister modi discussed bilateral, regional and international matters of mutual interest with the crown prince of abu dhabi, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan today, and also formally launched rupay card to expand the network of cashless transactions abroad.
;;0.1027;;modi reached uae capital abu dhabi from paris yesterday.
;;0.0;;also read: noose tightening around corrupt: pm modi in francehe tweeted:reached abu dhabi.
;;0.7184;;the world is astonished that how are we able to gain these results in such small budget, using only our skills, said pm modi.
;;0.5859;;9:22 pm ist pm wishes indian community on krishna janmotsav pm modi addressing indian community in bahrain: it is the sacred festival of janmashtmi today.
;;0.0;;9:10 pm ist pm modi to shortly address indian community in bahrain prime minister modi to shortly address indian community in bahrain.
;;0.9501;;8:17 pm ist pm modi conveys gratitude for highest civilian honour of uae mea: prime minister modi conveyed his gratitude to the crown prince of united arab emirates (uae), mohamed bin zayed al nahyan for conferring on him the highest civilian honour of uae, the order of zayed.
;;0.0;;:ani7:00 pm ist pm modi meets pm of bahrain prince khalifa bin salman al khalifa prime minister modi meets prince khalifa bin salman al khalifa, the pm of bahrain, in manama.
;;0.0;;pm modi meets pm of bahrain.
;;0.0;;( ani twitter )6:25 pm ist pm modi arrives in manama prime minister modi arrives in manama, for his two-day state visit to bahrain.
;;0.5423;;3:07 pm ist pm modi conferred with order of zayed prime minister modi conferred with order of zayed, uaes highest civilian award by crown prince, mohamed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.5423;;abu dhabi: prime minister modi conferred with order of zayed, uae's highest civilian award by crown prince, mohamed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.4215;;twitter.com/tezahedtju  ani (@ani) august 24, 20193:00 pm ist pm modi , uae crown prince hold delegation-level talks in abu dhabi prime minister modi & united arab emirates crown prince, mohamed bin zayed al nahyan hold delegation-level talks in abu dhabi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/wr00n4uxgk  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) august 24, 201912:45 pm ist pm modi interacts with nri business community in uae prime minister modi interacts with nri business community in abu dhabi, uae.
;;0.7906;;11:30 am ist uae to confer highest civilian award to pm modi today despite pakistans anti-india rhetoric, uae to confer highest civilian award to pm modi today.
;;-0.1027;;vijay mallya lashed out at prime minister modi once again on thursday, a day after the fugitive liquor baron questioned the centre for bailing out ailing air india and not doing enough for private airlines.
;;0.4215;;mallya was referring to an interview modi gave to republic bharat news channel on march 29, saying he was satisfied that the former kingfisher airlines boss extradition process was in the last stage and the government has recovered money from him.
;;0.1027;;indeed, about a fortnight ago, representatives of prime minister modi reached out to kcrs office.
;;-0.7096;;patna just days after he landed in trouble for his disparaging remarks on prime minister modi , bihar excise minister abdul jalil mastan has stoked another controversy by vowing to burn down trucks laden with alcoholic drinks, in order to crack down on the liquor mafia.
;;0.4767;;earlier news reports also indicate that prime minister modi was impressed with teslas electricity storage technology after touring the companys campus during his visit to us.
;;0.4939;;it has not been withdrawn even after a framework agreement was signed on august 3, 2015 by naga insurgent group nscn-im general secretary thuingaleng muivah and the governments interlocutor r n ravi in presence of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6597;;the state can progress only under the dynamic leadership of modi , shullai told ht.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister modi on tuesday stepped up his attack on congress president rahul gandhi over his decision to contest lok sabha polls from wayanad seat in kerala.
;;-0.2023;;filing his nomination papers, gandhi had said that he wanted to send a message of unity by contesting for a lok sabha seat in the south india, which he said was feeling ignored under the modi government.
;;0.0;;but he went to the neighbouring state, said pm modi at his mysuru rally.
;;-0.765;;pm modi alleged that the congress feared revenge from janata dal-secular leader and former prime minister hd deve gowda.
;;-0.4939;;on wednesday, prime minister modi and rawat paid their last respects to three of four soldiers, including a major, who were killed in two separate encounters in kashmir on tuesday.
;;-0.0772;;cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said this move has exposed prime minister modi modis claim to bring transparency in political funding.
;;0.2263;;the modi government and the rss always speak of transparency in dealings and posed as the champions of fighting against black money.
;;0.0;;he was addressing a press conference via video conference from new delhi on the completion of four years of the central government led by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the rrts project is pegged to cost 30,274 crore and the project was inaugurated by prime minister modi in march during his visit to ghaziabad.
;;0.3818;;a promotion for sriramulu is in line with the strategy of prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah to promote leaders from outside the dominant community of a state.
;;0.7003;;co/4virztvnng  isro (@isro) september 7, 2019the success in placing the orbiter was a point that has been highlighted by prime minister modi as well, first in his televised address to the isro scientists and later at the inauguration of metro projects in mumbai.
;;-0.2732;;hours earlier, prime minister modi had comforted crestfallen scientists and a stunned nation from mission control in bengaluru.
;;0.4588;;in yet another embarrassment for the beleaguered congress party, its senior leader mv rajasekharan has praised prime minister modi for the bjps recent victory in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand assembly elections.
;;0.0772;;in a letter to modi , rajasekharan wrote, your kind self has been able to establish direct rapport with the electorate, specially the younger generation who constitute nearly 82  of our poor people.
;;0.743;;in his letter, rajasekharan suggested that just like indira gandhi, modi too had rightly addressed certain sections of society, which his own party could not do.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is also likely to participate in the event.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 25, 2019 12:29 istprime minister modi on sunday pitched for launching a new mass movement against single-use plastic from october 2, the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;follow live updates herein his independence day address also , modi had urged citizens to eliminate single-use plastic and suggested that shopkeepers provide eco-friendly bags to customers.
;;0.8885;;over the years, people, including activists like city-based surgeon dr r k verma had written several letters to prime minister modi as well as the supreme court seeking an immediate end to beacon politics that was reminiscent of vip culture.
;;0.8442;;the yogi also won the confidence of prime minister modi by organising massive rallies during campaigns for the 2014 lok sabha elections as well as the recently concluded assembly polls.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at prime minister modi , she said, the people of the country while listening to pms mann ki baat have not realised how the prices of lpg cylinders have gone up.
;;-0.4588;;the high temperatures also renew fears a another drought that is likely to sap rural demand, gut agriculture and pose a challenge to prime minister modi modis plan to double farm income by 2022.
;;0.5574;;the global fallout of us sanctions on russia and iran will dominate prime minister modi modis informal meeting with russian president vladimir putin at sochi on monday even as new delhi will try to make its position clear that it would like moscow to invest much more in the bilateral relationship with india rather than in europe.
;;0.0;;bilateral issues may also find a mention in sochi with pm modi looking towards an all-round relationship with russia rather than merely a transactional one between a seller and buyer of military hardware.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: jul 30, 2019 00:21 istindia now has 2,967 tigers, or 7 out of every 10 big cats in the wild in the world, according to the all india tiger estimation results released on monday by prime minister modi on the occasion of international tiger day.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi on monday assured the opposition that their every word will be taken seriously by the government despite the ndas numerical advantage in parliament.
;;0.7906;;given shahs proximity to prime minister modi , and the relationship of trust they share, the home ministers autonomy to take decisions is expected to be far greater than any other cabinet minister.
;;-0.7351;;in the video, lance naik yagya pratap singh, posted in 42 infantry brigade in dehradun, said he was being harassed for writing to prime minister modi on the problems faced by soldiers.
;;0.7096;;this was in sharp contrast to the warm welcome and hugs from prime minister modi that marked the arrivals of other foreign dignitaries  an issue highlighted by the media as a snub from the indian government.
;;-0.4215;;modi also personally interacted with farmers, veterinary doctors and plastic waste segregators.
;;0.4939;;highlights of pm modi addressing a public meeting in mathura:* brajbhoomi has always inspired the world, humanity and life.
;;0.0;;in delhi, the union cabinet headed by prime minister modi met on monday, amidst speculation that the government may take some decisions on jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
;;-0.1027;;modi, in a public rally, had promised that the woes of people across the nation will end after 50 days.
;;0.0;;a three-member committee headed by prime minister modi selected verma as the cbi chief.
;;0.3612;;the stage is set for prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinpings first ever informal summit as they ready for at least half a dozen round of talks in the central chinese city of wuhan beginning friday afternoon.
;;0.0;;their visit, coming close on the heels of a trip last month by yury trutnev, the deputy prime minister and presidential envoy for russias far east, is aimed at firming up the agenda and identifying new areas for cooperation ahead of prime minister modi modis visit to vladivostok to attend the eastern economic forum between september 4 and 6.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will also hold the annual bilateral summit with president putin after the business meet.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 18, 2019 12:47 istprime minister modi on sunday pitched for extensive cooperation between india and bhutan in new areas such as space and digital payments and said the students in bhutan have the power and potential to do extraordinary things, which will impact future generations.
;;0.8591;;watch | no better time to be young than now: pm modi to students in bhutanit is even a matter of great happiness that young bhutanese scientists will travel to india to work on designing and launching bhutans own small satellite.
;;0.2263;;prime minister modi hailed indo-bhutanese ties which he described as modern as it is ancient.
;;0.0;;initial talks have already been held with prime minister modi and other representatives in new delhi and london.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan exchanged pleasantries on friday during the sco summit in bishkek, official sources said.
;;0.3182;;modi exchanged usual pleasantries with khan in the leaders lounge at venue of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit here, they said.
;;0.0;;it is also learnt that khan congratulated modi on his election victory during their first face-to-face interaction.
;;0.0;;both modi and khan were here to attend the annual summit of the sco.
;;0.4019;;khan had also made a telephone call to modi on may 26 and expressed his desire to work together for the betterment of people of the two countries.
;;0.0;;following the phone call and letter by khan to prime minister modi after his re-election for a second term, there were speculation that both may have a meeting on the sidelines of the sco summit here.
;;0.0;;modi arrived here in the kyrgyz capital on thursday on a two-day visit to attend the annual summit of the sco.
;;0.0;;but, andersen said, modi showed real sophistication.
;;-0.0516;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh is likely to meet prime minister modi and finance minister arun jaitley in new delhi and urge them to increase the states borrowing limit to enable it to implement the farm debt waiver scheme, officials said on sunday.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister modi failed to fulfil the promises he made in 2014.
;;-0.1027;;modi had promised 2 crore jobs every year and to give 15 lakh to each citizen of the country after bringing black money back to india, he said, pointing to the unemployment scenario of the santhal parganas.
;;-0.8465;;indiaupdated: aug 27, 2019 16:32 iststepping up attack on the centre over economic slowdown, congress leader rahul gandhi today said prime minister modi and finance minister nirmala sitharaman are clueless about how to solve self created economic disaster and that the borrowing from the rbi wont help.
;;0.4019;;earlier today, prime minister modi hugged and consoled a teary eyed sivan outside the mission operations complex after his address to the scientists and the nation.
;;0.3182;;aiming to attract investments, which are at its lowest level in years, prime minister modi modis government has proposed giving foreign investors a bigger role in indias insurance and aviation sectors, which have been tightly controlled for decades.
;;-0.3612;;chief minister captain amarinder singh on sunday urged prime minister modi to constitute a committee, including chief ministers, to prepare a blueprint of a national debt waiver scheme for farmers.
;;-0.4215;;also read: in the new- age world, governments intentions are aligning with the youths hopesboth before his meeting with prime minister modi on june 28 in osaka, japan, and the visit of the us trade officials to india, trump criticised indian tariffs on us products in his tweets.
;;0.5267;;a tea stall owner in prime minister modi modis varanasi constituency flaunts his love for all things samajwadi.
;;0.0;;he caught glimpses of akhilesh on december 12, 2015 on dashashwamedh ghat where the up chief minister attended ganga arati along with prime minister modi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe.
;;0.296;;he started calling himself samajwadi chaiwala two and half years ago, drawing inspiration from modi who sold tea in his early years but rose to the position of prime minister.
;;0.0772;;the other reason for the fall in profits was due to demonetisation: the economic situation announced by prime minister modi that weeded out 86  of the countrys currency in circulation, leading to the largest cash crunch india has ever faced.
;;0.0;;a three-member committee headed by prime minister modi will meet on monday to decide on the chief of the countrys premier probe agency central bureau of investigation.
;;0.34;;jindal reportedly played a key role in facilitating a secret meeting between pm modi and sharif on the sidelines of the saarc summit in nepal in 2014.
;;-0.3804;;opinion: indias polity has shifted from hope to fear, and pm modi knows ita recent survey found 55  of indias youth to be highly anxious, and 26  to be moderately so.
;;0.5277;;the engine of indian politics isnt aspiration, it is anxiety  and no one recognizes this better than modi , who has understood that his followers dont want a ceo-in-chief to lead them; they want a parent, or better still, a priest.
;;0.4019;;opinion: post-mcd rout, aap must go back to its roots and be the voice of the voicelessperhaps the scale of aaps victory in 2015 along with the failure of the opposition to throw up a strong alternative to modi , convinced kejriwal that he could fill the national leadership vacuum.
;;0.0;;jharkhands backward sahebganj district is all set to emerge as a new industrial hub with prime minister modi laying the foundation stone for a multi-modal terminal (mmt) and a six-kilometre bridge over the ganga on thursday.
;;0.0;;president xi jinping gifted prime minister modi a replica of a 2,400-year-old musical chime during their informal summit in the central chinese city of wuhan.
;;0.34;;modi and xi played the chimes, which are of different sizes.
;;0.0;;xi gifted modi a replica of one of the smaller chimes.
;;0.0;;modi presented xi specially-made prints of paintings by legendary chinese artist xu beihong, who spent time at santiniketan.
;;-0.296;;last night we came to know that bjp had filed a complaint with ec so that we cant hold any meeting after modi modis meeting.
;;0.0;;mamata banerjee reacted sharply to prime minister modi modis statement that a new statue of vidyasagar will be built at the same spot and said that bengal does not need alms from the bjp.
;;0.4404;;mamata banerjee dared pm modi to prove his claim that trinamool congress supporters desecrated the statue.
;;-0.3818;;this election is a fight between prime minister modi and rahul gandhi, he said.
;;0.7096;;indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 12:44 istunion law minister ravi shankar prasad said it took 70 years for indian government to show its strength under prime minister modi and nullify article 370 that gave special status to jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7844;;also watch: country with modi govt on article 370 abrogation: ravi shankar prasadpatel said, the future will depend upon the strength and guts of indian government, if we cannot have confidence in our strength then we do not deserve to exist as a nation, prasad read out a quote from patels biography written by his secretary v shankar to illustrate the point and added that modi had to demonstrate that strength after 70 years.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is in the fray in varanasi.
;;0.0;;as the last phase of lok sabha elections 2019 is scheduled to take place on may 19, prime minister modi will saturday address poll rallies in uttar pradeshs robertsganj and ghazipur.
;;-0.5719;;1:18 pm ist pm keeps targeting my family: rahul gandhi pm modi is full of anger, he keeps targeting my father, grandmother and grandfather.
;;0.0;;addressing reporters in kolhapur, the maratha strongman also slammed prime minister modi alleging that he had failed to fulfil the promises made during the 2014 poll campaign and was, therefore, diverting peoples attention.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced the procurement of a batch of 36 rafale jets after talks with the then french president francois hollande on april 10, 2015, in paris.
;;0.5267;;slamming modi , pawar said the bjp has taken siege of important institutions in the country and is using them for its own benefits.
;;0.0;;we will submit our plea to prime minister modi after getting 25,000 signatures, district rss leader lhundup chosang, who is spearheading the campaign said.
;;0.3818;;dehradun:the election campaign in uttarakhand was focused on two personalities  prime minister modi and chief minister harish rawat.
;;0.0;;kishor was the brain behind modi modis poll campaign in the run-up to general elections in 2014.
;;0.0;;but once the bjp was voted to power, shah emerged all-powerful, paving way for kishors exit from team modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi took to twitter to condole the incident.
;;-0.4019;;police complaints were filed in cities across the country on thursday against a man after a vulgar cartoon on prime minister modi was uploaded on his twitter handle.
;;-0.6705;;singhs argument sounded tenuous as any mischief-maker could have a kejriwal photo on his twitter handle and post rude remarks on modi.
;;0.4019;;he said that prime minister modi will run away to gujarat once party chief mayawati becomes the states chief minister for the fifth time in this election.
;;0.0;;now the same is going to happen with modi in the 2017 elections, he said.
;;0.0;;bjp spent rs25,000 crore on a political campaign and modi became prime minister.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi tweeted a new yoga video on wednesday morning listing the benefits of the surya namaskar or the sun salutation pose.
;;0.6872;;do watch this video to know why it is a good idea to do so and the advantages that come with regularly practising it, pm modi tweeted along with the hashtag yogaday2019.
;;-0.5859;;police have registered a case of sedition against a man for allegedly calling to behead prime minister modi during a protest by jats seeking reservation in education and government jobs in rohtak.
;;0.0;;agar aap kaho to hum modi ka sar kaat denge lekin aapka sar nai jhukne denge (if you say, we will behead modi but wont let you down), sombir reportedly said while addressing a large gathering in response to an announcement made by jat leader yashpal malik.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi met russian president vladimir putin in st petersburg on thursday and the two countries concluded a much-awaited agreement to build the last two units of the kudankulam nuclear power plant in tamil nadu.
;;0.0;;modi, who is on a four-nation tour, will return from france on june 3.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi called for a concerted push to conserve and rejuvenate indias rivers, saying the country has many but not all have water in them.
;;0.0772;;modi congratulated madhya pradesh for its performance in the swachhta survey in which indore and bhopal were adjudged the countrys number one and two cleanest cities among 434 urban centres.
;;0.0;;the informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping will be marked by practical cooperation and personal chemistry, officials familiar with preparations for the meet said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi gave a public reception to president xi in september 2014.
;;0.4404;;calling it a historic mandate in favour of the bjp, tiwari said, it was a vote for prime minister modi and the work done by our government.
;;0.0;;with the goodwill initiative of sab ka sath, sabka vikas under the leadership of prime minister modi , our government has been trying for all round development of north east, rijiju said.
;;0.0;;pandjaitan made the remarks while speaking on india-indonesia maritime cooperation at the nehru memorial museum and library in new delhi, days ahead of prime minister modi modis visit to indonesia on may 31.
;;-0.3412;;prime minister modi thinks he couldnt have picked a better time to demonetise the economy.
;;0.4404;;speaking during the motion of thanks on the presidents address to parliament, modi used the analogy of medical surgery to defend his decision.
;;-0.2263;;because, the economy was as shaky at the time of the note-ban decision as it was when modi came to power in may 2014.
;;0.0;;7 when modi became prime minister.
;;-0.4019;;i personally believe nobody should find fault with mohan bhagwats name being considered as a choice for the presidentship of our country, sharief said in a letter addressed to prime minister modi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;president trump also suggested, falsely and incredulously, that prime minister modi had made him the same request  he asked me the same, so i think theres something.
;;0.8074;;enthused by stunning performance in the lok sabha elections, the bjp is planning to take prime minister modi modis monthly radio programme to more people this time by making special arrangements and utilising all possible means.
;;0.296;;share it on the namo app open forum, modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;in the final phase of campaigning before voting in the last and seventh phase of lok sabha elections 2019 scheduled for may 19, prime minister modi will on monday address multiple rallies across madhya pradesh, himachal pradesh and punjab.
;;-0.6808;;follow live updates here12:01 pm ist congress questioned surgical strike, iaf airstrike: pm modi they raised questions about the 2016 surgical strike and the latest iaf airstrike, this approach of congress has always led to causing damage to the nation, said pm modi in madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;11:56 am ist enough is enough is peoples response to mahamilawat: pm modi now, enough is enough is peoples response to the mahamilawat, said pm modi in madhya pradesh.
;;-0.7964;;11:52 am ist congresss response to every difficult question is hua to hua: pm modi congresss response to everything that goes wrong or any difficult question is hua to hua said pm modi modi.
;;-0.4767;;11:49 am ist naamdaar begin their speech by abusing: pm modi in mp congress has a problem with bharat mata ki jai, they feel happy to abuse me but cant chant bharat mata ki jai, said pm modi modi.
;;0.0;;11:45 am ist pm modi addresses poll rally in madhya pradesh pm modi is currently addressing a poll rally in madhya pradeshs ratlam.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi said on sunday that the government has initiated major infrastructure projects in the seven northeast states, including investing rs 40,000 crore to improve the roads and highways, with the aim to make the region a gateway of southeast asia.
;;0.0;;the official said the meeting also reviewed 63 developmental projects from 15 central ministries that are part of the rs 80,000 crore package for jammu and kashmir announced by prime minister modi in november, 2015.
;;0.0;;another session of the meeting will be held on thursday evening, to discuss the implementation of the development package for the state announced by prime minister modi and the continuous unrest in the valley.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi modis strong will power has made it possible.
;;0.0258;;he said home minister amit shah made an elaborate speech in the two houses of parliament about the different aspect of the matter and prime minister modi addressed the nation on kashmir issue.
;;0.3612;;on february 8, prime minister modi in his election rally had targeted gda for alleged land scams and said that if bjp wins the elections, he would ensure a cag audit of all development authorities, including gda.
;;0.3612;;earlier in the day, the bsp chief in a tweet had wondered whether prime minister modi modis loss from varanasi in the lok sabha 2019 polls would be more historic than his win in 2014.
;;0.7415;;if yogi can be turned down by gorakhpur, wouldnt the defeat of pm modi from varanasi be more historic than his win?
;;0.0;;varanasi, from where prime minister modi is contesting for a second time, is due to vote on sunday.
;;0.0;;beginning may 14, fuel outlets in eight states will be shut every sunday following prime minister modi modis call to conserve oil, a fuel pump owners body said here today.
;;0.0;;responding to prime minister modi modis remarks about upa chairperson sonia gandhis italian origin, congress president rahul gandhi said on thursday that she was more indian than many indian people i have met.
;;0.0;;in another jibe, modi , at an election rally on may 1, dared rahul gandhi to talk for 15 minutes about the achievements of the karnataka government in any language, including his mothers mother tongue.
;;-0.6249;;he said the modi government had decimated the countrys foreign policy and that a disaster was in the making on that front.
;;0.0;;congress president rahul gandhi said on saturday he will stand by his chowkidar chor hai jibe as it is a reality and continue using the slogan again prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.9393;;as he launched another attack on the prime minister, he took on the issues of unemployment and agrarian crisis and criticised modi for insulting indias armed forces.
;;-0.4404;;the congress does not politicise the army, rahul gandhi said, and it is not anyones property as prime minister modi questioned the congress claims that the upa government had carried out six surgical strikes during its tenure.
;;0.25;;during his visit to india in june, pompeo also met prime minister modi who outlined his vision for the indo-us strategic partnership in the new tenure of his government.
;;0.6115;;just when you thought twitterverse couldnt get any more on point, prime minister modi has made it even more wonderful.
;;-0.3818;;demonetisation be damned dressing mein our modi has made all the right choices.
;;0.0;;dressing mein our modi has made all the right choices.
;;0.4574;;showing his metrosexual softer side after 56 inch machismo #republicday #namo  pallavi (@paree7dec) january 26, 2017which was a response to this tweet:meanwhile, modi is wearing pink turban to support womens march!
;;0.4574;;meanwhile, modi is wearing pink turban to support women's march!
;;0.8519;;scroll down to see the best tweets on pm modis #pinkturban:after demonetization first republic day, pm modi welcomed pink rs. 2000/- note by wearing pink turban   rm (@rajendra_maurya) january 26, 2017prime minister of india modi , wearing a pink turban to show his support to the lgbt community, on india's 68th republic day.
;;0.5106;;governor, who had taken up the issue with president pranab mukherjee, prime minister modi , union minister for finance arun jaitley, welcomed the decision to allow the cag to audit the income and expenditure of gda.
;;0.2732;;what happens in the next couple of months is of global significance and will have implications on the future direction of india, says edward simpson of the school of oriental and african studies, who has long tracked the career of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the experts now note the centre-stage occupied by modi and the bjp in the cut-and-thrust of electioneering.
;;0.8107;;according to adeney, it is striking that despite modi not delivering on his promises to secure more jobs, his approval ratings are much higher than (congress president) rahul gandhis.
;;-0.4767;;the attack on pulwama is not the only reason that modi is riding high in the polls.
;;0.0;;in the last one and half years, prime minister modi has travelled to different countries and since then the face of our country has changed, said madhav.
;;-0.2944;;congress president rahul gandhi took a sharp dig at his party colleagues for the partys rout in the 2019 lok sabha elections, saying he at times stood completely alone in the fight against prime minister modi and the rashtriya swayamsewak sangh (rss).
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is likely to speak on demonetisation for the first time in the house during the debate on the presidents speech.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is today scheduled to inaugurate indias longest span, the 9.
;;0.6369;;consultation and consensus is the best and often the only way forward, he said, lauding the speech of prime minister modi after the bjp scored landslide victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
;;0.0;;mukherjee, whose five-year term comes to an end this july, spoke about the prime minister modi and his predecessor manmohan singh.
;;0.7713;;i have also been deeply impressed by the focused approach, energy and capacity for hard work of prime minister modi , he said.
;;-0.7845;;prime minister modi on november 8 last year had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
;;0.93;;sorman lauded modi government for understanding that the best way to promote growth is to let the indian entrepreneurs, large firms and barefoot capitalists free to imagine and create.
;;0.7645;;also, modi seems sometimes more interested in making political and symbolic gains than in helping the economy with a predictable course.
;;0.0;;much to the bewilderment of indian officials and south asia watchers in washington, the president said, at a joint white house press conference with the visiting pakistan prime minister, imran khan, that prime minister modi had also requested him to be a mediator.
;;0.6597;;great friends are bound to have disagreements, pompeo told the press after his meetings with modi and external affairs minister s jaishankar.
;;-0.3818;;the relations between the two countries had been plateauing for months -- with trump being preoccupied with domestic and international battles, and modi busy with general elections.
;;0.1027;;the delhi municipal elections and the uttar pradesh assembly polls both showed prime minister modi modis appeal among the urban voters is not diminishing, a senior leader admitted.
;;-0.5511;;targeting modi and the bjp over social media just wasnt enough, the party discovered when it lost the municipal polls in its own backyard.
;;0.0;;the event was addressed by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;analysisupdated: aug 14, 2019 07:53 istafter his government voided article 370, prime minister modi said that a new age has begun in jammu-kashmir and ladakh.
;;0.6486;;in explaining its decision to abolish the special status of jammu and kashmir, the modi government has emphasised the developmental and political benefits that are expected to flow from these arrangements.
;;0.6249;;talking about the first 100 days of modi , maurya said, he has done great things for india in 100 days which congress could not have achieved even in 100 years.
;;0.0;;several exhibitions will also be showcased that will depict the social work done by prime minister modi.
;;0.6249;;apparently implying that modi was trying to take credit for kvics promotion like he had allegedly done after the landing of indias spacecraft mangalayaan on the mars.
;;0.0;;in the calendar and diary of khadi (kvic) 2017, modi replaced mahatma gandhiji.
;;-0.3535;;so there is no question of modi replacing gandhijis picture.
;;0.25;;(with agency inputs)read| is modi khadis new face or systematically easing out gandhi?
;;-0.1761;;the authors said they were against the unusual and completely unacceptable practice of political leaders taking credit for military operations like cross-border strikes, and even going so far as to claim the armed forces to be modi ji ki sena.
;;-0.8979;;the bjp and prime minister modi have put national security at the vanguard of their election campaign following the february 14 pulwama terrorist attack in which at least 40 paramilitary troops were killed.
;;-0.3716;;congress used to feed biryani to terrorists but modi ji ki sena (prime minister modi modis army) gives them only golis and golas (bullets and bombs).
;;0.0;;the congress on friday approached the election commission against prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah for allegedly dragging the armed forces into politics.
;;-0.5106;;when you are sick, you need khichdi, says senior congress leader shashi tharoor in response to prime minister modi and other bjp leaders repeated khichdi government barb at the opposition.
;;-0.3612;;narendra modi and his party are clearly experts in the politics of misrepresentation and peddling a divisive and jingoistic narrative, which is all they have to offer given their disastrous record in office, the former union minister said.
;;0.6124;;on the bjps nationalism narrative, he alleged that prime minister modi himself has not shied away from politicising the armed forces, or projecting himself as the only capable protector of the countrys national security.
;;-0.1027;;if implemented, the plan would resolve a major headache facing indian regulators: how to reduce a surge in cash deposits since prime minister modi banned higher-value notes in november.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 10:18 istprime minister modi on thursday showcased the scrapping of articles 370 and 35-a from the constitution as a key achievement of the nda government that had been delivered in less than 70 days.
;;0.25;;also watch | pm modi on i-day: one nation, one constitution dream has been achievedpm modi , who spoke about his governments strategy to take problems head-on and handle them with unwavering conviction, turned to parties that opposed scrapping article 370.
;;-0.0772;;pm modi also condoled the death of people in recent floods and assured the affected of all help.
;;0.1531;;responding to media persons questions the mp said in sagar on saturday he had adopted baroda village as per wishes of the prime minister modi and he had ensured several works for development of the village.
;;0.296;;the mp was talking to media persons to share with them achievements of modi government on its completion of four years.
;;0.7003;;prime minister modi has set a target to raise the share of natural gas in the countrys overall energy mix to 15  by 2030 from the current 6.
;;0.6874;;prime minister modi took on bahujan samaj party (bsp) leader mayawati on saturday for her description of him as a fake other backward class (obc) leader and asked her party and its partner samajwadi party (sp) not to drag him into their caste politics, continuing a back-and-forth that has gone on for more than a week.
;;-0.7003;;mayawati fired off a riposte hours later and accused the modi government of using the central bureau of investigation (cbi) to hound her over alleged irregularities in the sale of state-run sugar mills in 2010-11, when she was chief minister.
;;-0.4767;;at an election rally in mainpuri on april 19, maywati called sp patron mulayam singh yadav, akhileshs father, a real backward class leader, unlike modi , whom she described as a fake one.
;;0.0516;;on thursday, at rally in uttar pradeshs banda, modi accused the sp and the bsp of engaging in caste politics and said they were busy distributing my caste certificate.
;;0.4588;;in sitapur, modi termed the sp-bsp-rashtriya lok dal grand alliance a mahamilawat ka counter they had opened when locks were placed on their old shops.
;;0.0;;hours later, mayawati alleged again that modi had his caste status converted into obc and tore into modi for mischievously suggesting that she and akhilesh had described him as neech (lowly).
;;-0.1027;;also read: bjps promises only hawa hawai, says mayawati in fresh attack on pm modifact is modi and his party have always treated the dalits, tribals and obcs as neech, she said, accusing him of raking up the issue of his caste to reap political gains, which she said showed the bjps desperation at losing to the sp-bsp-rld alliance in the first three phases of the general election in up.
;;0.0;;according to him, all of them are below 70 and below the age cap of 75 set by prime minister modi for getting the ministers post.
;;0.0;;the himachal pradesh government is providing all possible assistance that is required, prime minister modi tweeted.
;;0.7184;;while mehbooba who, on one hand, is still trying to hard-sell the alliance with the bjp to people, maintains that only modi can heal the wounds of kashmiri people, she has started talking about issues like the revocation of the controversial armed forces (special powers) act (asfpa) to try and gain some lost ground in her core constituency.
;;-0.5106;;kashmir did not react when modi , who was unpopular in the valley after the 2002 gujarat riots, became the prime minister.
;;0.4019;;when modi came to power, it (bjp) was still a mainstream party and kashmir did not see it differently than congress.
;;0.3138;;to prevent any embarrassment to prime minister modi during the narmada seva yatras concluding ceremony at amarkantak in anuppur district on monday, the madhya pradesh government has asked 5,000 bjp activists to ensure that the river is not polluted by those attending the event.
;;0.0;;modi will participate in the event, which is expected to be attended by around five lakh people.
;;0.0;;modi had attended the art of living programme too.
;;-0.3182;;in another post on twitter, tej pratap, whose flute playing abilities has also caught the attention of prime minister modi , said that whosoever comes between him and his family will be destroyed, apparently hinting at certain elements trying to fish in troubled waters.
;;0.0;;in a jibe at prime minister modi , gandhi said he was in wayanad to understand whats inside to peoples hearts and not talk about his mann ki baat.
;;-0.6486;;maurya, whose comments come a day after prime minister modi accused the sp-congress combine of chanting gayatri prajapati mantra, also said that bjp would get the tainted prajapati arrested after results of the polls are declared.
;;-0.296;;the senior up ministers passport was impounded on saturday and a look-out notice was issued against him, hours after prime minister modi accused sp-congress of chanting gayatri prajapati mantra.
;;0.0;;rauts statement on monday comes in the wake of reports that thackeray had been invited for a dinner meeting with prime minister modi along with other national democratic alliance (nda) constituents to discuss the presidential polls.
;;-0.5764;;new delhi the union home ministry informed the rajya sabha on wednesday that it has not yet approved the proposed change of the name of west bengal to bangla, prompting chief minister mamata banerjee to shoot off a letter to prime minister modi , asking him to expedite the renaming process.
;;0.0;;she also requested modi to get the required constitutional amendment done during the current session of parliament.
;;-0.5267;;congress president rahul gandhi on friday renewed his attack on prime minister modi amid bharatiya janata party leaders giving him the credit for recent air strike at a terror camp in pakistans balakot in the aftermath of pulwama attack in february.
;;-0.4215;;but no, (they say) modi did it.
;;-0.1531;;this came in the backdrop of bjp leaders including party president amit shah and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath raising the issue in their public speeches crediting pm modi for the iaf strike at the terror camp.
;;-0.8402;;pm modi himself has referred to the balakot strike to target the opposition particularly the congress saying that the armed forces were in the past denied permission to carry out a similar strike to teach terrorists a lesson.
;;-0.743;;the congress president also targeted pm modi in his election rallies in maharashtra over the issues of unemployment and farm distress.
;;0.3818;;he reiterated his charge that pm modi made false promises in 2014 and that he worked as chowkidar of bit industrialists.
;;-0.5719;;pm modi had addressed a public rally in wardha earlier this week, when he attacked the congress over hindu terror saying that the opposition party, when it was power, coined the phrase to target an entire community.
;;-0.7717;;in his comeback, gandhi accused pm modi of ruining the economy and depriving the poor of job opportunities.
;;-0.5574;;narendra modi conducted surgical strike on the poor through demonetisation, gst (goods and services tax).
;;0.25;;mokama mla anant singh is set to do a road show for singh with an eye on over one lakh bhumihar voters in the constituency, while congress leader shatrughan sinha, ljp leader chirag paswan and rjd leaders have already held meetings in the area, says vijay kumar, a teacher, adding vaishali issues have taken a back seat in the buzz created around prime minister modi both by the nda and the opposition.
;;0.0;;chants of modi modi , yogi yogi and jai sri ram rang out when governor ram naik administered the oath of office to adityanath.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah and union home minister rajnath singh were present at the swearing-in of the first majority government of the party in up after 1991.
;;0.2263;;modi made his views known on twitter, stating, i have immense confidence that this new team will leave no stone unturned in making up uttam pradesh.
;;-0.891;;worldupdated: aug 31, 2019 03:20 istevidently frustrated by the lack of response to his calls for intervention on kashmir, prime minister imran khan launched friday a shrill personal attack on prime minister modi seeking to tie him to anti-semitic views of rss leaders and bringing up denial of us visa to him over 2002 gujarat riots.
;;-0.4404;;khan is now ratcheting it up with personal attacks on modi.
;;0.7351;;and while modi has written admiringly about golwalkar, it could no be checked if the prime minister approved and supported every element of golwalkars belief systems.
;;-0.1779;;khan then brought up the gujarat riots of 2002 when modi was chief minister of the state and the subsequent denial of us visa to him, saying he had hoped that being elected prime minister might lead mr. modi to cast aside his old ways as the chief minister of the indian state of gujarat.
;;-0.7351;;the us had denied modi a visa in 2005 over the riots, under a rarely used us law.
;;0.0516;;the pakistani ploy, as reflected in the new op-ed at least, was to make modi central to its case, as he went on to contend that the indian prime ministers first term was marked by lynchings of of muslims, christians and dalits by extremist hindu mobs.
;;0.9501;;the treasury benches erupted with applause and cheers, and its supporters outside lauded prime minister modi and shahs courage for fulfilling a key ideological goal and manifesto promise of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) to integrate the state fully into the nation.
;;0.9468;;prime minister modi on saturday extended greetings to people of various communities as they celebrate harvest festivals, and said diversity is indias greatest strength.
;;0.2732;;in a series of tweets, modi greeted people on the occasion of makar sankranti, pongal, magh bihu and uttarayan.
;;0.8402;;my greetings to everyone celebrating these auspicious festivals, modi tweeted.
;;0.7096;;modi also greeted people on the occasion of makar sankranti and wished that this day bring joy and prosperity in everyones lives.
;;0.2263;;(ht photo)quaderi holds the position of vice-president of west bengal united minority council, a little-known organisation, but is known in the islamic religious circles as a close associate of barkati, who has also issued a fatwa against prime minister modi after his demonetisation announcement.
;;0.4767;;on thursday, however, quaderi brought up references to how modi respected the azaan in a bid to justify his act.
;;0.6249;;prime minister modi on friday said india needs an institutional arrangement for achieving excellence in sports.
;;0.0;;modi urged the delegates to work towards implementing ek bharat, shreshth bharat initiative through various initiatives between states.
;;0.1548;;one reason for the armed forces being less effective than what modi now envisions is that the three services operate in insular silos, and there is no substantive integration of capabilities and resources, much less a joint operational philosophy.
;;-0.2836;;the cds as announced by pm modi should be empowered appropriately through an act of parliament, and not become a more visible, but ineffective, permanent chairman of the chiefs of staff committee.
;;0.5542;;the more complex challenge for the cds will be to manage the national ecosystem, which will enable the improvement in overall military effectiveness that pm modi is seeking.
;;0.296;;above all, restoring the izzat of the indian military, which has been bruised over many issues, including non-functional upgrade, the locus accorded to the fauj in governance, and the welfare of veterans, will have to be part of the composite stock-taking to enhance the effectiveness that modi is expecting.
;;0.7543;;this despair is the real mann ki baat, but instead of understanding it, it is made fun of, the shiv sena said in a veiled taunt at prime minister modi modis public outreach radio programme.
;;0.2023;;top ministers of the union cabinet are camping in the holy city of varanasi where prime minister modi is a candidate.
;;0.2732;;their aim is to break the record for a victory margin in a seat modi won by a margin of 371,785 votes defeating the aam aadmi partys arvind kejriwal in 2014.
;;0.4404;;while railway minister piyush goyal has been camped in varanasi with up health minister sidharth nath singh and power minister shrikant sharma since may 13, wednesday saw external affairs minister sushma swaraj in kashi for four hours to flag off a large scooter rally (for women) in favour of modi.
;;0.0;;modi himself criss-crosses kashi airport virtually every day and keeps in touch with the political mood in varanasi.
;;0.34;;the ministers are using these meetings to engage with various communities and business groups and urging them to garner maximum votes for modi.
;;0.0;;at one sampark meeting, the focus is on the work modi has done for his constituency.
;;-0.296;;this has benefited the muslims too and hence there is no reason why varanasi should not vote for modi , said shankar rajbhar, who runs a business establishment near chowk.
;;0.0;;is it modi versus harda?
;;0.0;;i dont compare myself with prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5106;;it is, in fact, bjps failure if they have made these polls modi versus harish rawat.
;;0.8481;;shiv sena takes jibes at bjps pm modi , compares him to alexander the great, napoleonthe shiv sena on monday took jibes at prime minister modi in an editorial in its mouthpiece, saamana, by indirectly comparing his tenure to the era of alexander the great and napoleon bonaparte.
;;0.0;;in up under chief minister yogi adityanath and in the country under prime minister modi several steps have been taken to address the issue.
;;0.0;;ashwani lohani, chairman and managing director of air india had also given a full presentation to prime minister modi on a turnaround plan.
;;0.0;;the prime minister (modi is mp from varanasi) is also from uttar pradesh, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on friday met russian president vladimir putin and chinese president xi jinping here and discussed key issues including counter-terrorism and climate change.
;;0.0;;modi, who is in osaka, japan for the g20 summit, hosted the two leaders for an informal ric (russia-india-china) meeting here.
;;0.4404;;in his opening remarks here, prime minister modi said that the trilateral meeting in osaka is a useful medium of discussion and coordination on major global issues.
;;-0.2023;;police claimed that the letters talk about an alleged plot to purportedly assassinate prime minister modi in a rajiv gandhi-type incident and targeting maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis for initiating operations against rebels.
;;0.0;;rao met prime minister modi in new delhi on friday afternoon and submitted a wishlist comprising 10 major issues pertaining to the state.
;;0.5267;;modi responded positively on all the issues that were brought to his notice, an official communique from the chief ministers office said.
;;0.7783;;however, the reality is that if trump were to land in india any time, prime minister modi would certainly be at the tarmac to greet the president with a trademark hug, even if thats only to keep that eggshell ego from shattering.
;;-0.4019;;us president donald trump complained about indian tariffs once again on tuesday, raising the issue just days after discussions with prime minister modi on the sidelines of the g-20 summit in osaka, japan, in june.
;;0.5994;;i look forward to speaking with prime minister modi about the fact that india, for years having put very high tariffs against the united states, just recently increased the tariffs even further.
;;0.25;;just days after prime minister modi started his second term, the trump administration terminated special trade privileges for india, under the generalized system of preferences, citing indias failure to open up its markets to us companies.
;;-0.1779;;as the modi government completed three years in office on friday, it received both ovation and opprobrium, with the opposition accusing it of bringing the country to the verge of strife through divisive politics and the bjp insisting it laid the foundation for a new india.
;;0.7902;;prime minister modi received praise from president pranab mukherjee, who called him one of the most effective communicators.
;;0.34;;mukherjee also lauded modi for giving a new direction to indias economy.
;;0.0;;modi took to microblogging website twitter to claim in the three years that his government has been in power, it took concrete steps that transformed the lives of people.
;;0.4019;;bjp chief amit shah said, with modi at the helm of affairs, the authority of the prime ministers office has been restored.
;;0.34;;the bjp leader said indias self-confidence, pride and scale of ambition grew manifold in three years of the modi government.
;;-0.5719;;drawing a contrast between the 10-year upa rule and the modi government, shah said the former was marked by a scam almost every month, while even the rivals of the bjp-led dispensation have not been able to level a single charge of corruption against it.
;;-0.8271;;congress vice president rahul gandhi attacked the modi government, saying it had failed to deliver and instead divided and distracted people.
;;0.0;;senior congress leader kamal nath said the hallmark of the modi government in the last three years has been bravado, rhetoric and hyperbole.
;;-0.5106;;modi has failed on all fronts.
;;0.2716;;as the opposition leaders poured scorn on modi and his government, president mukherjee said, no doubt in the contemporary period, prime minister modi is one of the most effective communicators and perhaps can be compared with other illustrious prime ministers like pandit jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi who communicated on their principle, on their ideas accepting the parliamentary form of government and particularly to have a secular constitution.
;;0.2263;;addressing a press conference, amit shah said the modi government had laid the foundation of a new india and described it as a decisive and transparent dispensation which had achieved what past governments could not.
;;0.0;;national conference leader omar abdullah also acknowledged the achievements of modi , but said kashmir remained a dark blot for him.
;;-0.2732;;pm modi has many achievements to boast of after 3 years and it would be petty to deny them but j&k remains a dark blot thats getting darker, omar wrote on twitter.
;;-0.1027;;as the dust and bitterness of lok sabha campaign begins to subside, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal called on prime minister modi with a request and a promise to work with his government for the betterment of delhi.
;;0.802;;it may be noted that president ram nath kovinds address to the joint sitting of parliament on thursday had outlined modi governments commitment to making a nationwide campaign to save water, a defining characteristic of its second term in power, along the lines of the swatch bharat abhiyaan, a highlight of its first term.
;;0.0;;delhi cm also invited pm modi to visit a mohalla clinic and a delhi government run school.
;;0.34;;the pakistani portal said the match was played on april 2, the day prime minister modi inaugurated the chenani-nashri tunnel, the countrys longest on the strategic jammu-srinagar national highway  the sole surface link that connects kashmir valley with the rest of india.
;;0.0;;these steps are in addition to what prime minister modi said on december 31.
;;0.802;;eye on 2019 lok sabha polls where it would again look up to up to support prime minister modi modis re-election bid, the bjp has launched fresh plans to connect with states 21  dalits who were the mainstay of the bahujan samaj party (bsp) till 2014.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had visited the mahasabha office in january 2016 to lay the blueprint of partys dalit agenda in up ahead of the state elections.
;;0.6597;;on the occasion, party cadres would also be popularising new digital payments app - bhim - or bharat interface for money that was named after ambedkar and launched by modi last year.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi met the presidents of indonesia and brazil separately on the sidelines of the g-20 summit here saturday, and discussed ways to boost bilateral ties and enhance cooperation in trade and investment.
;;0.0;;soon after, modi met brazil president jair bolsonaro.
;;0.0;;on friday, modi held bilateral and plurilateral meetings with many leaders, including us president donald trump, russian president vladimir putin and chinas xi jinping.
;;0.0258;;it was an embarrassing moment for office bearers of the bjp when lights at the party office on ashoka road went off as soon as prime minister modi entered the premises on thursday.
;;0.8807;;but as this (prime minister modi modi-led) government is steering india on growth track and acting to clear industrial nightmares about gst, india has become a growth machine.
;;0.7783;;the decision of the cabinet comes nearly a month after chief justice of india ranjan gogoi wrote to prime minister modi seeking an increase in the number of judges in the top court.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister modi and prime minister theresa may discussed extradition cases of individuals sought by both countries during the formers visit to london earlier this month, with modi mainly mentioningthose of economic offenders such as mallya.
;;-0.5719;;congress leader imran masood, who had come into focus for his hate speech against prime minister modi during 2014 elections, is contesting from nakur assembly constituency of saharanpur.
;;-0.296;;prime minister modi has no achievement to take to people.
;;-0.5719;;will your hate speech against modi (in 2014 polls) affect your election?
;;0.0;;my 2014 statement against modi is a thing of past.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has not yet visited saharanpur for campaigning after announcement of assembly elections.
;;-0.6705;;after dubbing prime minister modi as mr negative dalit man, bsp chief mayawati on tuesday charged him and bjp with trying to give casteist and communal tinge to the poll campaign in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;read: rahul gandhi hits out at pm modi for kabristan-shamshan commentshe said the prime minister should get cremation ground in each village in bjp-ruled states first and then talk about it in uttar pradesh.
;;0.2023;;oza also accused the modi government, which is celebrating its third anniversary, of having failed to fulfil all its promises.
;;0.3818;;she trained guns at prime minister modi on the promises he had made in the run up to the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.3612;;senior citizens are awaiting the 25 lakh pension plan that modi had promised in 2014.
;;0.2144;;for its part, the congress is trying to unite the opposition parties not only for the presidential elections but also to take on prime minister modi and the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;0.2023;;read | ipl 2018: bowling constant, batting the x-factor as kkr face srh challengenews of kohlis injury also comes a day after he posted a video working out in the gym, asking prime minister modi and others to join in the fitness challenge initiated by sports minister, rvs rathore.
;;-0.765;;mocking at opposition parties for joining hands fearing that the bjp will get a majority in rajya sabha after the up polls, prime minister modi on sunday took a dig at the sp-congress alliance saying the bjp storm has forced chief minister akhilesh yadav to desperately seek the help of anything, even a pole, to retain power.
;;-0.0767;;will they not be angry with me and will not come together to defeat modi?
;;-0.762;;they feel that if they remain alone, modi will get majority in the rajya sabha and make such rules that thieves, looters and the corrupt will not get any help.
;;0.0258;;the justice m b shah commission has rejected congress allegation that former gujarat chief minister modi had entered into a clandestine understanding with tata motors over setting up the companys nano car manufacturing plant at sanand in the state.
;;0.0;;the commission, whose report was tabled in the state assembly last week looked into the allegations against modi , which mostly pertained to allotment of land for major industrial and infrastructure projects, including nine cases related to tata nano plant, adani groups mundra port and sez, and larsen and toubro.
;;0.0;;in their memorandum to then president pratibha patil in 2011, state congress leaders had alleged that tata motors received undue concessions to the tune of rs 33,000 crore out of the secret understanding between modi and the company.
;;0.0;;besides this, the commission has also not found any substance in almost all the allegations of corruption levelled by the congress against modi.
;;0.6249;;giving a clean chit to the then modi government for allotting land for the tata nano project, the commission said the government did not break any rules.
;;0.0;;congress leaders, including shaktisinh gohil and arjun modhvaida, had submitted a memorandum to the then president in july 2011, listing 17 allegations of corruption against modi.
;;0.5574;;modi had set up the panel under retired supreme court judge m b shah in august 2011 to enquire into 15 out of 17 allegations, as remaining two were sub-judice.
;;0.0;;a small-time farmer from fatehpur is besotted with prime minister modi so much that he wrote a 151-feet-long handwritten congratulatory letter to him.
;;0.7351;;read | rahuls hit-and-run politics wont work, says sm krishna after joining bjpkrishna was effusive in his praise of prime minister modi whose demonetisation drive he described as a bold tool to curb black money.
;;-0.128;;he said modi had given a more fitting reply to pakistan through the surgical strike that he commissioned.
;;0.2732;;india is committed to working closely with the maldives to deepen the partnership between the two sides and to assist the indian ocean archipelagos socio-economic development, prime minister modi told president ibrahim mohamed solih on monday.
;;0.4939;;modi called solih to congratulate him on the maldivian democratic partys (mdp) victory in parliamentary elections.
;;0.8555;;modi welcomed the successful completion of elections, which marked the consolidation of democracy and strengthening of democratic institutions.
;;0.0;;while speaking to nasheed, modi lauded the participation of all democracy-loving forces in deepening the roots of democracy in the maldives and offered indias continued assistance for this objective, the statement said.
;;0.0;;following talks between modi and solih in new delhi in december, india had said it will provide $1.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi urged muslims on saturday to keep the debate over triple talaq away from politics, saying that he hoped efforts to reform the controversial islamic practice will come from the community.
;;0.1027;;this is the second time in a fortnight that modi has reached out to muslim women.
;;0.0;;the modi government has said it wants to replace the triple talaq divorce and other islamic personal laws with a new uniform civil code applicable to all religious groups.
;;0.0;;modi also used saturdays address to reiterate his governments sabka saath sabka vikas policy, and drew parallels with basaveswaras philosophy.
;;0.6597;;chinas decision to temporarily back off from convincing india to join the belt and road initiative (bri) during the wuhan summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping could be based on carefully considered reasons.
;;0.0;;according to kong, modi and xi did not talk about the specific wording or expression of the belt and road.
;;0.0258;;the janata dal (united) president was the first non-bjp chief minister to support prime minister modi modis shock announcement to recall 500- and 1,000-rupee notes last november.
;;0.7269;;the shift could signal a major opposition unity, as kumar along with cpm leader sitaram yechury made a strong pitch for a united stand against the modi government.
;;0.0;;kumars shift is viewed as his strategy for a leadership role against modi in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;in 2014, the year modi became prime minister, its membership jumped by a whopping nine lakh.
;;0.0772;;minutes after he praised rahul gandhis decision to contest from wayanad in north kerala, sinha in a three-part thread on twitter, referred to prime minister modi as sir ji and to union textiles minister and the bjp candidate from amethi smriti irani as madam in his criticism of bjp chief amit shah and smriti iranis remarks on gandhis candidature from a second seat.
;;0.7184;;prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping underscored the importance of maintaining peace along the india-china border, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said at the end of the two-day summit between the two leaders in central chinese city wuhan.
;;-0.1154;;the indian diplomat did not mention whether modi and xi discussed the military standoff at doklam (donglang) but his statement indicated that the two leaders were serious in not allowing a repeat.
;;0.5423;;gokhale added that modi and xi agreed to strengthen existing institutional mechanisms to prevent and manage situations in the border areas.
;;0.7906;;the foreign secretary said modi and xi reached a consensus that the two countries have the maturity and wisdom to handle all differences with peaceful discussion within the context of the overall relationship.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, modi and xi met for the final and the most informal rounds of one-on-one talks of the summit when the two leaders went for a boat ride on the east lake and exchanged views during a 30-minute walk on the manicured lawns along the lake.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will attend the 18th sco summit, to be held in qingdao in eastern china on june 9 -10.
;;0.0;;the newspaper speculated that the meeting would pave the way for facilitating a meeting between prime minister nawaz sharif and his indian counterpart modi next month on the margins of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit at astana.
;;0.0;;besides prime minister modi , the spg guards seven other people -- former pm manmohan singh, his wife gursharan kaur, ex-pm atal bihari vajpayee, his foster-daughter namita bhattacharya, congress president sonia gandhi and her two children rahul and priyanka.
;;-0.8442;;gujarat police alleged they had terror links and plotted to kill the then chief minister modi modi.
;;0.5719;;odisha chief minister naveen patnaik met prime minister modi on tuesday and pitched for odisha to be granted special category status in the aftermath of cyclone fani.
;;0.5574;;i congratulated him on his electoral victory, i also requested him for special category status for odisha as we have been hit by a cyclone recently, which did a great deal of damage, patnaik told reporters here after meeting modi.
;;0.5267;;minister for social justice and empowerment thawar chand gehlot said prime minister modi had repeatedly said the constitutional position of reservation of scs, sts and obcs will continue.
;;0.765;;parrikar was hand-picked by prime minister modi in november 2014 as defence minister for his clean image and proven administrative abilities to relieve arun jaitley -- who was then also holding the crucial charge of finance ministry -- at a time when the six-month-old nda government was still trying to find its bearings.
;;0.0;;it was a comment by the chief protocol officer anchoring a ceremony on signing of mous after talks prime minister modi had with his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina, leaving almost everyone at the event in splits.
;;0.0;;what the officer meant was to request modi and hasina to come down from a raised platform and release a hindi translation of unfinished memoirs of bangabandhu sheikh mujibur rahman.
;;0.0;;the event had taken place at hyderabad house where modi and hasina witnessed exchange of mous between the two sides and released the book besides launching a new bus and train service between kolkata and khulna in bangladesh.
;;0.4019;;yes, the point has already been made many times over on how the arithmetic of opposition unity is the only counter to the chemistry of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5499;;but even if the karnataka jolt glues together all the non-bjp parties, this formula does not address the fundamental way in which the bjp under modi has changed the nature of indian politics.
;;0.0;;for the bjp, modi is the message; everything else in the organisational machinery is deployed to amplify that.
;;0.0;;it has scrambled to find a personality of its own to counter modi.
;;0.765;;the bjp knows the personal popularity of modi gives him the natural advantage in any clash of individuals on the national stage.
;;-0.1027;;the non-bjp parties need to understand that the only way for them to have a chance at defeating modi is by fighting the bjp locally in 543 constituencies.
;;0.128;;first, modi will personally be much more of a draw than any other contender.
;;0.6597;;or hope that somehow a leader will emerge from its ranks who will have national resonance like that of modi.
;;0.4939;;patnaupdated: aug 27, 2019 17:31 istinvestigations have come very close to revealing the hand of a senior faculty of the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims), patna, for sending a malicious e-mail to prime minister modi and home minister amit shah, among others claiming there was a sex and money racket running in bihars premier medical hospital and college.
;;-0.4767;;nearly a month after the email, portraying the director of the institute and a woman colleague in poor light, was sent to prime minister modi , union home minister amit shah, communications minister ravi shankar prasad, union health secretary preeti sudan and a host of other bureaucrats along with heads of different investigating agencies and doctors of aiims-patna, the police believe that the senior doctor used the computer of his brother-in-law to send the e-mail.
;;0.9062;;pakistan pm imran khans comment that chances of peace talks with india are better if the bjp wins the general election is a ploy by the congress to oust the modi government, defence minister nirmala sitharaman said on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;sitharaman also contended that congress leaders had gone to pakistan to seek help to oust modi.
;;0.4019;;there have been many eminent leaders of the congress who went there [pakistan] to seek help to oust prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.1531;;there was no congress pm in the last 30 years who indulged pakistan or its leadership, pm modi not only invited the pakistan pm but dashed off to islamabad unscheduled.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will kick off bharatiya janata partys nationwide membership drive from varanasi on saturday (july 6).
;;0.6486;;rathi said that pm modi will welcome 11 prominent people from different sections of the society as a mark of formal inauguration of the bjps membership drive that will continue till august 11.
;;0.0;;pm modi will also plant a sapling.
;;0.4019;;bjp national general secretary arun singh held a meeting with the party workers and inspected the trade facilitation centre and the park where pm modi will plant saplings.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi took time off from his busy campaign schedule ahead of the last two phases of the lok sabha elections to address a wide range of issues in an interview with hindustan times.
;;0.7096;;modi, sanguine about winning a second term in office, began by explaining the importance of the 2019 mandate.
;;0.5859;;asked how he had changed since 2014, when he led the bharatiya janata party (bjp) to a majority on its own, modi replied: my digestion powers have increased.
;;-0.3612;;the opposition, which has a galaxy of pm aspirants but a total bankruptcy of vision, plan and agenda is taking to abusing modi , using caste and communal politics.
;;0.0;;whats the difference between the modi of 2014 and the modi of 2019?
;;-0.4019;;criticising modi , thackeray said that never before has any indian prime minster stooped to such levels in politics.
;;0.6041;;asked to list the achievements of the modi government in the past 33 months, thackeray smiled smugly: they have survived for so long on lies.
;;0.0;;up ke bete is being considered as the theme for the joint campaign in which rahul and akhilesh will be projected as the states own leaders taking on an outsider, prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.0772;;we must reach out to the global market under the zero defect, zero defect ideal, said pm modi.
;;0.0;;a fortnight after prime minister modi expressed concern about wastage of food in his monthly mann ki baat radio programme, minister of consumer affairs, food and public distribution ram vilas paswan told ht that his ministry is drafting a questionnaire for hotels and restaurants to explain what dish sizes they should serve to a customer.
;;0.3612;;when mr modi took over in 2014, he had promised minimum government, maximum governance.
;;0.6705;;prime minister modi has attracted a large section of young maharashtrians, which further erodes rajs support base.
;;0.7783;;the chief justice of india, ranjan gogoi, too, recently wrote to prime minister modi , requesting the government to increase the number of judges in the top court.
;;0.128;;it was on january 22, 2015, that prime minister modi launched beti bachao, beti padhao (b3p) drive from panipat exhorting the state to wake up.
;;0.0;;but look at the way prime minister modi is working and the bjp president is working.
;;0.4767;;joined by president ram nath kovind and leaders across the political spectrum, prime minister modi congratulated the scientists and said every indian is immensely proud today.
;;0.2481;;in a series of tweets, modi referred to the indigenous systems used in chandrayaan-2 and said the mission is indian at heart, indian in spirit!
;;0.0;;sitharaman also said that during the general elections, a campaign was waged that said prime minister modi has given offset money to someone.
;;-0.7783;;union home minister rajnath singh  who briefed prime minister modi on friday evening about the developments in kashmir, where thousands were mourning bukharis death  told reporters he would not comment on the ceasefire decision before sunday.
;;-0.4939;;earlier in the day prime minister modi expressed grief at the incident.
;;0.4019;;under the leadership of pm modi and party chief amit shah, bjp is working strategically and insistently.
;;0.0258;;theres no doubt prime minister modi modis appeal led to the massive win.
;;0.7184;;prime minister modi had a special visitor in parliament today and pictures of the two have created a huge buzz all over social media.
;;0.8658;;in a post shared about an hour ago, pm modi posted pictures of this delightful meeting that are guaranteed to leave you smiling from ear to ear.
;;0.6124;;the images show pm modi playing with an adorable little baby.
;;0.2263;;while one image shows pm modi playing with the little baby, another shows the toddler trying to reach the chocolates kept on his desk.
;;0.4767;;also watch | kithane acha he modi: australian pms selfie with pm modi goes viralthe heartwarming photos have collected a ton of reactions on instagram.
;;0.2023;;it turns out, as per a tweet by ani, the child with whom prime minister modi is seen playing is the granddaughter of bjp mp satyanarayan jatiya.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/imdviuk66e  neha purohit 248 (@nehapurohit95) july 23, 2019pm modi has a following of over 25.
;;0.7351;;the account has many such heartwarming pictures and videos of pm modi meeting his young friends.
;;0.0;;in fact, last month pm modi replied to an 11-year-old girl from gurugram, who wrote him a letter congratulating him on bjps victory in the lok sabha elections.
;;0.5267;;the statue of unity, a 182-metre memorial to sardar patel in kevadiya in narmada district, is the tallest structure of its kind in the world and was inaugurated by prime minister modi on october 31 last year.
;;-0.25;;she highlighted that manmohan singh had predicted a fall in growth due to the note ban announced by prime minister modi on november 8 last year.
;;0.4404;;speaking to ht, congress state president dinesh gundu rao said the result showed a national wave in favour of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, prime minister modi held a productive trilateral meeting with us president donald trump and japanese premier shinzo abe, and extensively discussed issues of the indo-pacific region, connectivity and infrastructure development ahead of the formal opening of the g-20 summit.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said he has spoken to jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti about the flood situation in the state and offered the centres assistance.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said he has spoken to mehbooba mufti over the flood situation.
;;0.0258;;maintaining that poverty alleviation and water sector are the core focus areas of his government, prime minister modi on monday asked indias top bureaucrats to prepare a roadmap in order make the country a $5 trillion economy with ease of living by 2022, officials with direct knowledge of the matter said.
;;0.5719;;modi congratulated the bureaucrats for their stupendous governance efforts that were reflected in the 2019 lok sabha polls, which was a vote for pro-incumbency, which indicated that the people were happy with the work of the government, the officials said.
;;0.4601;;in january last year, modi had launched the aspirational district programme to transform the districts that have shown relatively less progress in key development sectors.
;;-0.0972;;indiaupdated: sep 19, 2019 07:18 istfor around 500 villagers in anandpur in bihars katihar district near the bengal border, prime minister modi is no less than god.
;;0.0;;the installation of modis statue was a thanksgiving gesture by the villagers, mostly migrant bengali hindus, for the overall development their village has undergone since 2014 after modi took over as pm.
;;0.5719;;but when we had given up all hopes, prime minister modi rekindled them and gave our village smooth metalled roads besides electricity within two years.
;;0.5574;;they are revering modi because they find in him a social reformer and a divine power who has transformed their lives.
;;0.0258;;he said the sgpc has already taken up the issue with prime minister modi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj to intervene in the matter and to take up it with the italian counterpart.
;;0.0;;he predicted that the people will vote for the development programme of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.2023;;demanding a thorough investigation into the incident, they raised slogans against prime minister modi , home minister rajnath singh, the bharatiya janata party and the rashtriya swayamsewak sangh.
;;0.4019;;the bjp will also collect, through namo app and social media tools, photographs and information about interesting events related to modi.
;;0.5267;;i was feeling suffocated on being neglected by the congress, at the same time i was impressed and inspired with the policies of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4767;;a tmc spokesman, however, said the matter is politically motivated and continues the trend of political vendetta by prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah against political opponents.
;;-0.1779;;the state officials suspect that the delay from the centre for the mumbai ifsc is on account of gujarat international finance tec-city (gift), the countrys only designated ifsc, an approved financial sez and a project closely associated with prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister modi arrived here today on the last leg of his four-nation tour during which he will hold talks with newly-elected french president emmanuel macron on a host of key issues like terrorism, indias nsg membership bid and climate change.
;;0.5709;;reached france for a vital visit to enhance ties with one of our most important strategic partners, prime minister modi tweeted.
;;0.2023;;before russia, modi also visited germany and spain and held talks with the top leadership there.
;;0.0;;during his visit, modi will meet the newly-elected french president macron.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi had also called up macron to congratulate him on his poll victory last month and said he looked forward to work with him to further deepen the bilateral cooperation.
;;0.8885;;delivering the keynote address at the 17th shangri-la dialogue in the city-state of singapore, modi called bilateral ties as layered, and said he firmly believed that asia and world will have a better future if india and china work together with trust and confidence, keeping in mind each others interests.
;;0.5574;;modi gave a positive assessment of china-indian relations in his speech, lieutenant general he lei told state media.
;;-0.34;;it was also noticed in beijing that modi avoided any mention of the quad  comprising us, japan, australia and india  in his speech and instead spoke out against trade protectionism in a not-so-veiled reference to the us.
;;0.0129;;earlier in the week, jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti, who met prime minister modi , said he was amenable to talks with all stakeholders to restore peace in the region but that no dialogue was possible in the face of bullets and stones.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 11:45 istprime minister modi visited zvezda shipbuilding complex along with russian president vladimir putin on wednesday and interacted with the management and workers of the shipyard.
;;0.0;;modi, who arrived in russia on a two-day visit during which he will hold summit talks with president putin and attend the eastern economic forum, is the first indian prime minister to visit to the russian far east region.
;;0.0;;during his visit to the shipyard, prime minister modi was accompanied by president putin.
;;0.0;;modi interacted with the management and workers of the shipyard.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister modi asked first-time voters to dedicate their votes to the forces that carried out an air strike in pakistans balakot and congress president rahul gandhi accused him of running away from a debate on corruption on tuesday, ratcheting up the rhetoric just two days before voting begins in this summers general elections.
;;0.4588;;at his rallies in maharashtra and karnataka, modi reiterated the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) commitment towards national security, blamed the congress for the creation of pakistan, and alleged that the congresss election manifesto and pakistan were speaking the same language.
;;0.0;;ninety-one constituencies in 18 states and two union territories will vote on april 11, kick-starting a seven-phase exercise in which modi is seeking another term against a resurgent congress and regional alliances.
;;-0.5267;;modi was referring to the indian air forces (iaf) february 26 action against a terror camp deep inside pakistan.
;;0.4019;;holding thackerays hand, modi walked on the stage, in what could be seen as a message to workers of the bjp and the shiv sena which agreed to fight the lok sabha elections in an alliance after prolonged bickering.
;;0.4019;;modi also targeted sharad pawars nationalist congress party (ncp) in his speech.
;;-0.0258;;while modi stuck to his rhetoric on national security, gandhi turned the heat on the government with the reiteration of his allegations about corruption and fake promises made by the bjp in its previous election campaign.
;;0.0;;he does not have the guts and fled, gandhi said at a public rally in assam, underlining the term (chowkidar) that pm modi uses to describe himself.
;;0.765;;in hailakandi, which will vote in the second phase on april 18, he repeated his charge that the modi government worked to benefit just rich businessmen.
;;0.0772;;in karnatakas chitradurga, modi attacked the opposition, saying the country should have a strong prime minister whose high command should be the people.
;;-0.1965;;he said the proposed scheme, known by the acronym nyay, was a realistic measure that could be implemented without harming the economy or increasing the tax burden on the common people unlike the boastful promise made by modi [ahead of the 2014 election] of remitting ~15 lakh into the bank accounts of all poor people in the country.
;;-0.5719;;in the 2017 assembly polls, the local trading community had sided with the congress as an expression of its anger over demonetisation under the watch of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.8009;;it is modi , not reel hero sunny deol, who is the real hero on the ground.
;;0.4404;;also read | sunny deol says congress sunil jakhar targeting him to stay in contestbut a few yards away from the chowk, what matters for renu vohra, who owns a wholesale medicine shop, is that modi silenced pakistan with the balakot airstrikes.
;;0.5574;;this vote is for our border hero modi.
;;0.5927;;modi claims to be son of a poor man but his heart beats for the rich.
;;0.0;;we were only let go when it was dark and the tree felling work had already been done, he said adding, while prime minister modi regularly boasts of protecting the environment, what is happening on ground is the opposite.
;;0.2732;;navsari member of parliament, cr patil, listed a rs 700-crore memorial made by the bjp in gandhinagar as well as the new national salt satyagraha memorial (inaugurated by the prime minister modi at dandi village this january) as examples of how the bjp has preserved gandhis legacy, besides enforcing a 50  reservation of women in all panchayats in gujarat.
;;0.34;;uttam and milan discuss the role that amit shah, the longtime confidant of prime minister modi and newly inaugurated union home minister, will play in the modi 2.
;;0.0;;while introducing the motion, yeddiyurappa announced sops for farm sector saying he was following in the footsteps of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5423;;(follow live updates here)like modi , i too have decided to give two installments of rs 2000 to beneficiaries under pm kisan scheme from the states side, the chief minister said during the floor test that followed the jd(s)-congress coalition losing a trust vote last week.
;;0.2023;;the former chief minister hd kumaraswamy said: power is not permanent, even for modi and jp nadda.
;;0.3612;;the interim report on promoting digital payments was submitted to prime minister modi on wednesday by naidu and chief ministers of madhya pradesh shivraj singh chouhan, maharashtra devendra fadnavis and sikkim pawan kumar chamling.
;;0.4404;;surjewala said that modi , shah and vala cannot trample on the constitution to favour yeddy reddy gang.
;;0.1531;;9:57am: prime minister modi wishes former prime minister and janata dal (secular) leader hd deve gowda on his birthday.
;;-0.7003;;8am: hansraj gangaram ahir, the junior home minister in the modi government, says congress president rahul gandhi insulted the country when he compared karnataka political turmoil with pakistan.
;;0.6597;;the swachh bharat campaign, which was launched by prime minister modi in 2014 in the quest of a clean india, has been reduced to a joke by the gurgaon administration, the residents alleged.
;;-0.875;;prime minister modi has proved by ordering air strikes in balakot that we are no longer a government that takes such attacks lying down.
;;-0.5267;;the modi government will eliminate terror.
;;0.0772;;wipro chief azim premji on saturday said the implementation of smart city project in india unfortunately has been shallow, despite catching a lot of attention from prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;irani, a television actor, was appointed as the human resource development minister when prime minister modi took over in 2014.
;;0.6808;;pushkarna will bring a special gift for prime minister modi for whom she cooked for the first time more than a decade ago.
;;0.3182;;when modi visited israel last july, pushkarna was responsible for catering arrangements for the indian delegation and even served up an elaborate vegetarian spread at a dinner hosted by netanyahu and his wife sara at beit rosh hamemshala  the israeli pms residence.
;;0.0;;that wasnt the first time pushkarna cooked for modi.
;;0.3182;;she was responsible for catering when modi visited israel 11 years ago for a business event as the chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.0;;netanyahu made a mention of that dinner date during his joint press conference with modi in july 2017.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will be visiting punjab on friday to lead the election campaign of the akali-bjp coalition.
;;0.6808;;he lauded prime minister modi saying that for the first time india has got a good pm and added that the country needed a pm devoted to the cause of hindutva.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah are likely to rejig their teams after parliaments budget session ends on april 12.
;;-0.296;;on monday, three cabinet committees headed by modi were restructured in the wake of parrikars resignation.
;;-0.765;;prime minister modi and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjees war of words reached new heights on thursday with pm modi alleging that trinamool congress (tmc) leaders in purulia and bankura were working as coal mafias and banerjee hitting back by asking the prime minister to do 100 sit-ups holding his ears if he is proved wrong.
;;0.8271;;the latest round came after the two exchanged barbs earlier this week, with banerjee saying on tuesday that when pm modi comes to bengal and alleges tolabazi (extortion), she feels like giving him a slap of democracy, raising her right hand in a motion of slapping.
;;0.1531;;didi said she wants to slap modi.
;;-0.296;;incidentally, banerjee has been referring to pm modi as expiry babu and expiry prime minister and even refused to talk to pm modi , when he tried to contact her to inquire about the impact of cyclone fani in coastal bengal.
;;-0.3612;;banerjee later argued that modi is merely heading a caretaker government.
;;0.2023;;she cares only for her chair, her family, her nephew the extortionists and no one else, pm modi alleged.
;;0.0;;both pm modi and banerjee addressed rallies in bankura and purulia districts on thursday.
;;0.2263;;sharpening her attack on pm modi from the bankura rally, the west bengal cm said that pm modi looks like ravana and rules like duryodhana.
;;0.0;;banerjee also invited pm modi to a debate.
;;0.0772;;i challenge pm modi to a debate on indias history.
;;-0.5574;;the gesture assumes significance in the context of the sena and thackerays bitter criticism of prime minister modi and shah in the past.
;;0.0;;now, it seems uddhav has established such contacts with modi and shah.
;;-0.6808;;saeed further said if prime minister modi thinks that he would get respite in kashmir after his (saeed) arrest he is seriously mistaken.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi said on saturday that the upcoming uttar pradesh election was the bjps fight against scam, an acronym that he used to refer to the samajwadi party, congress, uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav and bsp chief mayawati.
;;0.4019;;it is s for samajwadi party, c for congress, a for akhilesh and m for mayawati, modi thundered at a rally in meerut.
;;0.6249;;expressing his resolve to weed out corruption, modi attacked the his political rivals and urged people to boot out parties involved in graft and leaders who promoted caste and vote bank politics.
;;-0.7835;;modi also criticised akhileshs government over unemployment, saying the states youth did not have employment opportunities.
;;0.0;;news agency ani quoted modi as saying that the bjp allocated rs 4,000 crore to the uttar pradesh government for healthcare services but they couldnt even spend rs 250 crore.
;;0.2263;;prime minister modi on wednesday said the only vision of the congress was to create divisions in communities, while congress president rahul gandhi accused him of dividing the nation, sending the political mercury soaring a day before the second phase of the lok sabha elections.
;;-0.5106;;why all thieves have modi in their names  be it [fugitive businessman] nirav modi , [former cricket administrator] modi and modi modi?
;;0.128;;nationalist congress party (ncp) leader ajit pawar said modi was raising emotive issues such as caste since there was no development issue left to talk about.
;;0.2732;;modi also alleged that the previous united progressive alliance (upa) government at the centre tried to hurt gujarat and falsely implicated amit shah, now the president of the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp).
;;-0.8555;;modi also talked about the balakot air strike targeting a jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terror camp deep inside pakistan, an action that was indias response to the february 14 suicide bombing of a central reserve police force (crpf) convoy in jammu and kashmirs pulwama.
;;0.0;;taking a jibe at modi , gandhi said he was not in kerala to tell his mann ki baat, a reference to a radio programme addressed by the pm.
;;-0.4588;;lavasa, who disagreed with the poll panels decision to give clean chits to prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah for alleged mcc violations, recused himself from all such meetings till the commission includes minority decisions in the final orders.
;;0.3612;;the poll panels decision to clear pm modi and amit shah in all cases of poll code volations was criticised by the opposition parties.
;;-0.5267;;also read:ashok lavasa wrote thrice to ec to record minority view in poll code ordersa former finance secretary, lavasa differed with the decision of the two other members of the poll body, arora and election commissioner sushil chandra, while deciding on the cases of model code of conduct violations against pm modi and amit shah.
;;-0.2057;;lavasa had suggested sending a notice to modi , which wasnt accepted.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has inched closer to getting a person of his choice as the countrys next president.
;;0.0;;during his initial days in delhi, modi would spend most of his evening taking lessons from joshi.
;;0.0;;when joshi unfurled the tricolour at srinagars lal chowk in 1992, he had modi by his side.
;;-0.3612;;the credit to send modi to gujarat to take over as chief minster goes to advani who also stood by him in his days of crisis.
;;0.0;;will modi now offer guru dakshina to his mentors?
;;0.2732;;modi will surprise you all with his choice for the two posts, a senior cabinet minister said.
;;0.6597;;the swachh bharat campaign, which was launched by prime minister modi in 2014 in the quest of a clean india, has been reduced to a joke by the gurgaon administration.
;;-0.296;;after the 17th lok sabha unanimously elected om birla as the speaker of the lower house, birla was felicitated by the various leaders of the house including prime minister modi on wednesday.
;;0.3818;;after modi , newly-elected congress leader of lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhary also addressed the speaker and expressed his partys commitment towards upholding parliamentary democracy.
;;0.2732;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister modi , also decided to create a stockpile of four million tonnes of sugar for one year at a cost of rs 1,674 crore.
;;-0.296;;he said prime minister modi has repeatedly said that no power in the world can abolish reservation.
;;0.3818;;he added that the modi government extended reservation benefits to economically backward sections too.
;;0.0516;;the officials said the union rural development ministry has already reached out to a large number of women to seek their help after prime minister modi modis call to curb the plastic menace in his independence day speech.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister modi on friday fired a fresh salvo at the congress and raised the chargesheet filed in the agustawestland vvip chopper case at a rally in uttarakhands dehradun.
;;-0.4019;;shaista amber met prime minister modi in new delhi on august 9 and presented a memorandum related with problems of muslim women.
;;0.128;;kochhar said the bank would soon make a presentation to the cm in chandigarh on the national agriculture market (nam) online trading portal for farm produce launched last year by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;narendra modi leaned to whisper in the ear of the man sitting cross-legged and barefoot next to him, the one clad in saffron robes with a long beard and squinty gaze.
;;0.0;;a few minutes later, the yoga guru and entrepreneur known as baba ramdev turned to a microphone and urged the crowd before him to mobilize votes for modi: youll make other people understand, wont you?
;;0.2732;;modi grinned.
;;0.3818;;modi had prevailed, in part, with promises to reform the economy and root out corruption.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi being welcomed by swami ramdev and balkrishan at the inauguration of the patanjali research institute in haridwar, uttarakhand.
;;0.0;;official pushsince modi came to power, ramdevs company has received more than an estimated $46 million in discounts for land acquisitions in states controlled by the bjp, according to a reuters review of state government documents, interviews with officials and real estate estimates.
;;0.296;;close friend modiramdev is at once effusive about modi and reluctant to give details about his relationship with the prime minister.
;;0.1779;;growing assetssince modi took office in may 2014, patanjali has acquired almost 2,000 acres of land for building factories, research facilities and establishing supply chains of herbs for its products, according to state land documents and interviews with officials.
;;0.5859;;patanjali and, to a lesser degree, other indian companies attached to what are known colloquially as god men and other spiritual leaders have received government support and tax breaks under modi.
;;0.6705;;product supportwithin half a year of modi coming to power, his administration transformed an obscure government department of traditional indian medicine into a standing ministry dedicated to popularizing, among other things, the practice of yoga and the use of ayurvedic products, for which patanjali is a market leader.
;;0.0;;modi has spoken out against the so-called cow vigilantes.
;;0.0258;;in 2013, he made a series of public remarks backing modi as the man to lead india.
;;0.4019;;it was the beginning of a multi-pronged campaign by ramdev in support of modi , the full details of which have not previously been reported.
;;0.0;;members of ramdevs organisation describe how hundreds of thousands of volunteers spread out to mobilize votes for modi.
;;0.4767;;on a different stage this may, at an inauguration ceremony for a patanjali research institute in haridwar, modi clapped his hands in a gesture of respect toward ramdev.
;;0.0;;modi proclaimed to the audience, and to those watching the live broadcast at home, baba ramdev will take bharats ayurveda - indias ancient medicine - before the world.
;;0.25;;the l-g directed that all agencies should brace for scrapping single use plastic in accordance with vision of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.296;;pm modi on august 15 had urged people to stop using single use plastic bags so that india could start phasing them out from october 2, the birthday of mahatma gandhi.
;;-0.1901;;the year of culture was announced during the november 2015 visit of prime minister modi , but the brexit vote six months later has prompted extra focus as india is among the top countries britain is courting to compensate for the loss of european market.
;;0.0;;mehsana is the home district of prime minister modi and gujarats deputy chief minister nitin patel, while mansa is the home district of bjp president amit shah.
;;0.7184;;the government has facilitated capital subsidies and cheap loans for clean energy to help meet prime minister modi modis goal of raising renewable energy capacity by more than five times in the next five years to fight climate change.
;;-0.3804;;he is also highly critical of prime minister modi and his alleged anti-muslim policies.
;;0.6597;;countering modi , azad said that people like motilal nehru, jawaharlal nehru and mahatma gandhi came from good backgrounds.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi consoles o panneerselvam while paying his last respects to jayaram jayalalithaa at rajaji hall in chennai.
;;-0.6597;;if something is wrong, let us admit it and not live in denial simply because prime minister modi has said it is wrong, she said.
;;0.0;;kalimullaha, 74, who had earlier named mangoes after prime minister modi and actresses, has developed the yogi mango in his orchard in the dussehri mango belt in malihabad area.
;;0.0757;;it will not easy for prime minister modi and party chief amit shah to foist a leader of their choice as the chief minister, they said.
;;-0.34;;prime minister modi on sunday said mahamilawat meant chaos and corruption and only the bjp could effectively develop upaddressing a rally at madhopur in bhadohi district, modi said india topped the world in producing handmade carpets because of the weavers of bhadohi and added that modern looms were being provided to weavers and they were being trained.
;;0.0258;;modi added that he ensured the release of 850 indians from saudi jails after discussing the matter with the saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman during his visit to india.
;;-0.5574;;they (opposition parties) are saying that modi ensured a ban on masood azhar because of elections.
;;0.4939;;khan wishes for prime minister modi to take the initiative to popularise the indian rabab.
;;0.4939;;he called prime minister modi a friend of balochistan.
;;0.0;;informed sources told ht on sunday: karzai is on the same page as modi on the issue of balochistan.
;;-0.4588;;asked about the demand for an apology made by robert vadra and the congress, the union information and broadcasting minister said people criticising do not have any moral right as they have called prime minister modi by different names.
;;0.1027;;they called modi by names like hitler, moussolini, gaddaffi and impotent also.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 18, 2019 12:05 istprime minister modi on sunday said the students in bhutan have the power and potential to do extraordinary things, which will impact future generations, as he proposed extensive cooperation between the two countries in new areas such as space and digital payments.
;;-0.3818;;pointing out that india is witnessing historic transformations in a wide range of sectors, prime minister modi said india is keen to cooperate extensively in new frontiers, from schools to space, digital payments to disaster management.
;;0.0;;referring to indias space programmes and the chandrayaan-2 mission, prime minister modi said bhutan is also on its way to having its own satellite.
;;0.3252;;recalling a facebook post of bhutanese prime minister lotay tshering in which he mentioned about exam warriors - a book written by modi to advise youngsters about how to face exams without stress, the prime minister said that post touched his heart.
;;0.8271;;soon after his speech, modi paid his respects at the national memorial chorten, a revered monument honouring the late third druk gyalpo.
;;0.0;;modi is here on his second visit to bhutan and the first since his re-election in may this year.
;;0.0;;although the country may have achieved the 100  village electrification target as informed by prime minister modi through a tweet on sunday, this does not necessarily mean that every rural household in the state has power now.
;;0.2732;;the renewed emphasis comes after prime minister modi in his december 31 speech, increased the target of constructing rural houses by 33 .
;;0.7184;;prime minister modi flayed chief minister harish rawat for his bahubali (strongman) image on saturday and urged the electorate to help him free uttarakhand from a corrupt government.
;;-0.5499;;we had signed mous with the companies for not making headlines but to end poverty, unemployment and check migration from the state, das said, adding, the state is ready to achieve prime minister modi modis make in india dream through make in jharkhand.
;;0.0;;15km bridge linking assam with aunachal pradesh near the india-china border was inaugurated by modi last week.
;;0.2023;;tej hazarika added that credit for the naming was due to many appeals by the people of assam, but also to modi for his sensitivity regarding my father's position in assam, and to the chief minister of assam, sarbananda sonowal.
;;0.2023;;a group of secretaries constituted by prime minister modi to review government programmes and give budget ideas for 2017-18 on the health, sanitation and urban development sector has recommended conditional cash transfer instead of take home ration to the pm.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 17, 2019 17:59 istprime minister modi arrived in bhutan saturday morning for a two-day visit which is being seen as a bid to diversify indias partnership with the kingdom from the hydro-power sector to enhanced trade and linkages in space and education.
;;0.7269;;watch | pm modi on 2-day visit to bhutan, receives guard of honour at paro airportthe route from the international airport at paro to thimpu was lined up with traditionally dressed students who waived indian and bhutanese flags and as the cavalcade carrying the prime minister entered the city, it was welcomed by a colourful mass of residents.
;;0.3182;;pm modi later held delegation levels talk with dr. lotay tshering where steps to further expand india-bhutan partnership across several sectors were discussed said a tweet from foreign ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar.
;;0.0;;pm modi will interact with various bhutanese leaders, the tweet added, while describing ties with bhutan as the central pillar of indias neighbourhood first policy.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is scheduled to address young bhutanese students at the royal university of bhutan against the backdrop of a fall in the numbers of bhutanese students in india and an ongoing discussion to link universities in the two countries.
;;0.0;;this was followed up during prime minister modi modis us visit in 2016, when the two countries announced in a joint statement the start of preparatory work on site in india for six ap 1000 reactors to be built by westinghouse.
;;0.128;;modi also launched rupay card in bhutan by making a purchase at simtokha dzong, built in 1629 by shabdrung namgyal, which functions as a monastic and administrative centre and is one of the oldest dzongs in bhutan.
;;0.6908;;our shared spiritual heritage and strong people-to-people relationship are key of our relations, prime minister modi said.
;;0.4576;;however, the most special of them all perhaps came from the indian prime minister modi , and the king of bollywood, amitabh bachchan.
;;0.6597;;prime minister modi on wednesday lashed out at the congress for saying that he should not refer to the armed forces as his own and reminded that party that the late rajiv gandhi had used ins viraat for his personal holiday.
;;-0.3818;;modi also took on the aam aadmi party and accused it of stalling developments in the capital with its disruptive agenda.
;;-0.0516;;the seriousness with which the bjp has taken their fight to amethi is clear from the fact that prime minister modi has already addressed a rally in rahuls constituency.
;;-0.1779;;the us president even said that prime minister modi had asked him to do so, the claim was swiftly denied by india.
;;0.0;;after a meeting with pm modi on the sidelines of the g7 summit in the french town of biarritz, trump said the pm feels he has the situation under control.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister modi on friday said that trinamool goons destroyed the statue of ishwar chandra vidyasagar in kolkata during bjp chief amit shahs rally.
;;-0.5106;;watch | pm modi vows new vidyasagars statue at the same spot in kolkatatrinamool congress spokesperson derek o brien reacted with a tweet calling pm modi a liar.
;;0.0;;the trinamool congress chief, however, did not name either modi or his monthly radio show.
;;-0.2732;;indiaupdated: sep 12, 2019 12:32 istsenior congress leader kapil sibal on thursday took a jibe at prime minister modi for his remarks that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow, while urging him to get to work on issues that matter.
;;-0.6369;;on wednesday, prime minister modi had said that it is unfortunate that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow.
;;0.6124;;the congress is hoping to regain its lost glory in varanasi, the lok sabha constituency of prime minister modi , during the final phase of uttar pradesh polls.
;;0.0;;ajay rai, who finished third behind modi and arvind kejriwal in the 2014 lok sabha election in varanasi, is the congresss only sitting mla from varanasi district.
;;0.128;;while varanasi has now become synonymous with modi and inturn bjp, it was once a congress stronghold during the days of former chief minister late kamlapati tripathi in the 1970s and early 1980s.
;;0.4767;;several bharatiya janata party leaders have visited jaitley at aiims, including prime minister modi and defence minister rajnath singh.
;;0.0;;the modi effectlike elsewhere, the bjp in maharashtra owes its dramatic rise largely to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;building on the 2014 victoryfadnavis, bjps young state unit president, was picked by modi for the chief ministers job.
;;0.872;;we were expecting negative impact of demonetization, but the results showed modi has succeeded in convincing the people that the step was indeed in their interest, opines a key ncp leader and former minister.
;;-0.1027;;the west bengal government is readying its defence for a controversial decision to shelter dozens of rohingya families in various parts of the state ahead of a meeting between prime minister modi and his bangladeshi counterpart, sheikh hasina, at santiniketan on friday.
;;0.0;;bengal chief minister mamata banerjee will also be present at the convocation of the visva-bharati university, an institution founded by rabindranath tagore that modi heads in the capacity of chancellor.
;;-0.3804;;while the modi government wants to deport all rohingya refugees, who are considered as the most persecuted ethnic minority in the world, the bengal chief minister publicly expressed her empathy for them last year.
;;-0.3182;;settlement of rohingyas in this sensitive region can pose a serious national security threat, the bjp mp from darjeeling wrote in a letter to modi on may 3.
;;0.4215;;united states president donald trump, at a meeting with pakistan prime minister imran khan, on monday, claimed prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on kashmir.
;;0.2023;;the strong indian response, and the fact that no serious south asia observer in washington  both inside and outside the establishment  could believe that mr modi would make such a suggestion meant that the state department had to pick up the pieces.
;;0.8307;;and while there is much delhi can do to improve the domestic dynamics in the valley, for washington to be economical with the truth, and attribute to mr modi what he never said, is unacceptable.
;;0.0;;adityanath said prime minister modi had talked about making the state a trillion dollar economy at the up investors summit-2018.
;;0.7783;;smriti z irani (@smritiirani) august 6, 2019also watch | rip sushma swaraj: pm modi pays last respect to ex-external affairs ministeron wednesday, the union minister for textiles and women and child development called swaraj an inspiration to a large number of women workers.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and president ram nath kovind joined a stream of political leaders who paid tributes to the veteran bjp leader at her residence.
;;0.4939;;she had on a couple of occasions praised prime minister modi and had also been meeting chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;-0.5267;;youd think the critics would back off when kumar delivered a masterful performance as an indian patriot who conducts an apolitical interview with prime minister modi , but no.
;;0.8225;;theres nary a heroine at whom kumar has gazed with as much adoration as he did with modi during the course of their informal (but filmed, using a multi-camera setup) chat.
;;0.5267;;that last, carefully-worded line from kumars statement makes sure no specifics are articulated even while pointedly referencing a very specific rhetoric and ideology  that of the bjp, whose leaders have insisted that the only way to make india strong is to re-elect modi.
;;-0.3156;;translocation of lions from gir to kuno palpur has been a bitter issue between the two bjp rules states for more than a decade with prime minister modi terming the big cats as pride of gujarat which it cannot share when he was gujarats chief minister between 2002 and 2014.
;;0.0;;watal is considered the architect of the rs 80,000 crore development package announced by prime minister modi in november 2015.
;;0.34;;similarly, december 2015 suggested a tipping point when meetings first between national security advisers (nsas), and then foreign ministers, were capped by a brief visit by prime minister modi to lahore.
;;-0.861;;prime minister modi should be shown exit door as his five-year rule has been most traumatic and devastating for indias youths, farmers, traders and every democratic institution, his predecessor manmohan singh said sunday.
;;0.5859;;singh, in an exclusive interview to pti, dismissed the notion that there was a wave in favour of modi and asserted that the people have made up their minds to vote out the government that does not believe in inclusive growth and is only worried about its political existence at the altar of disharmony.
;;-0.9062;;he said it was distressing to note that modi was filming movies in the jim corbett national park instead of chairing any meeting of the cabinet committee on security (ccs) in the immediate aftermath of the pulwama terror attack in which 40 crpf personnel were killed.
;;-0.1531;;does it not speak volumes about the strategic failures of modi government on national security front, he asked.
;;-0.7506;;five years of modi government is a sad story of governance and accountability failure.
;;0.3818;;people have made up their minds to reject the modi government and the bjp so that the future of india is safe and secure, singh said.
;;-0.3818;;back in bengal on the campaign trail, prime minister modi on thursday launched a scathing attack at chief minister mamata banerjee for her governance record.
;;0.8047;;but before he got down to critiquing her stint as a two-time chief minister, pm modi also hurled a dart at banerjee who had told a rally that she felt like giving him a slap of democracy.
;;0.1531;;i have been told that didi said she wanted to slap modi.
;;0.5859;;watch | didis slap will be a blessing for me: pm modi on mamata banerjees remarkthe bjp and mamata banerjees trinamool congress has been locked in a no-holds-barred contest for 17 of bengals 42 lok sabha seats that are to vote on may 12 and 19.
;;0.4019;;the bjp had lined up six rallies by pm modi over the next 10 days and deployed its three key strategists  himanta biswa sarma, sunil deodhar and arvind menon  who have a track record of scripting victories for the party.
;;0.4019;;pm modi and the bjps focus on bengal also stems from the partys performance in the march panchayat elections where the party had emerged as a close second.
;;0.2023;;in january 2017, a group of secretaries appointed by prime minister modi had recommended that teachers should not be assigned any non-academic work.
;;-0.9022;;also read: how a shadow banking crisis sent indias auto sector into a tailspinthe downturn - regarded by industry executives as the worst suffered by the indian auto industry - is posing a big challenge for prime minister modi modis government as it begins its second term at a time when indias jobless numbers are climbing.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi on monday inaugurated indias first international exchange -- india inx -- at the international financial service centre (ifsc) of gift city here, saying it will enable indian firms to compete on equal footing with offshore firms.
;;0.0;;modi, after opening the exchange by sounding the virtual gong, termed it as a momentous occasion for indian financial sector.
;;0.4404;;up bjp general secretary (organisation) sunil bansal handed over the gift, a miniature fibre statue of prime minister modi , to adityanath.
;;0.7645;;more important, the decision to have a yogi statues along with that of pm modi indicates that despite setbacks in by-polls in up, the partys top leadership was comfortable with yogi at the helm, a bjp leader admitted.
;;0.4939;;president ram nath kovind, prime minister modi , up governor ram naik, union home minister rajnath singh along with several other union ministers, chief ministers of various bjp-ruled states as well as several ministers and leaders from up either greeted yogi on phone or met him for that personal touch.
;;0.2732;;maharaj is known to have close ties with the rss leaders as well as prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/hfkloicu59  star world (@starworldindia) march 5, 2017sharing a piece of suggestion for fans, kapil said dont drink and drive, and dont drink and tweet, when karan subtly hinted at kapils midnight tweets once, in which he had questioned prime minister modi about achhe din and later apologised.
;;0.0;;mr modi should introduce a situation where people who sign up for twitter should be given a legitimate licence.
;;0.4939;;last week, mint reported that nripendra misra, principal secretary to prime minister modi , wrote to sanjeev ranjan, secretary, ministry of road transport and highways, suggesting that nhai consider becoming a road asset management company without actually holding road assets or building any more of its own.
;;-0.128;;mint also reported last week that misra resigned, but modi requested him to continue for two more weeks.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis government unexpectedly scrapped high-value notes in circulation in november, a move that left farmers, traders and companies who rely on cash transactions in a quandary.
;;0.0;;he spoke to aurangzeb naqshbandi about the national and assembly elections in andhra pradesh on april 11, prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhis minimum income scheme.
;;0.5106;;modi has exhibited a strong will in whatever he could do.
;;0.6486;;singh said the decision had been communicated to mehbooba who, in a twitter post, said she wholeheartedly welcomed the ceasefire and thanked prime minister modi and singh.
;;-0.5423;;such is the indifference of the ruling bjp government in haryana that chief minister manohar lal khattar had failed to even take out time to meet prime minister modi on the , he said.
;;0.4019;;trivendra singh rawat, elected as the bjp legislative party leader on friday, will take oath as the chief minister in the presence of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 14:20 istthe indian space research organisation will stay the course to realise indias dream to reach the moon, prime minister modi announced in mumbai soon after wrapping up his visit to the isro facility in bengaluru for the lunar mission chandrayaan-2.
;;0.7003;;before leaving the isro facility this morning, pm modi delivered a televised address that showered praise on isro scientists for their hard work and commitment.
;;0.2732;;pm modi carried that message to mumbai as well when he landed in the financial capital a few hours later to a metro event at mumbais bandra-kurla complex.
;;0.2732;;also watch: chandrayaan 2 | stay steady, look ahead: pm modi to isro scientistswe will realise our dream to reach the moon, pm modi told his audience at the metro project.
;;0.0;;pm modi also reminded people that the moon mission - despite the setback earlier this morning -- hadnt been without its own set of achievements.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi met women mps of the bjp over breakfast at his residence on friday, the fifth in the series of meetings with a cross-section of parliamentarians from the party.
;;0.0;;an mp who attended one of these meetings said it was in the nature of an informal interaction with modi directly talking to them.
;;0.7351;;there is great craze for the party under the leadership of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;indias 2022 target, set by prime minister modi in 2014, includes 100 gw of solar, 60 gw ground mounted and 40 gw rooftop.
;;0.0;;up shia central waqf board chairman waseem rizvi has written to prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath suggesting that all madarsas be converted to public schools with islamic education as an optional subject.
;;-0.4019;;the victory was enough for prime minister modi to announce odisha as his partys next battleground in the national executive held in april last year.
;;0.0;;they may get modi to campaign in odisha and get media mileage through press conferences, but do they have even 147 candidates for the assembly polls?
;;-0.4019;;in a poll rally on monday, prime minister modi had said that congress is scared to field its leaders from constituencies where majority dominates in terms of voter-base, in a reference to wayanad which which has a sizeable muslim population.
;;-0.4588;;in may 2014, militants attacked theindian consulate in herat three days before the swearing-in of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the supplementary demands has the allocation of rs8 crore spent on advertisements on the launch of infrastructure projects by prime minister modi in december and rs1.
;;0.128;;the projects were launched by prime minister modi on december 24 in mumbai.
;;0.1027;;khattars yatra for october assembly polls in haryana was flagged off by union defence minister rajnath singh from kalka on august 18 and it will culminate in rohtak on september 8, where prime minister modi will address a rally.
;;-0.0516;;watch: pm modi helps woman ragpickers segregate plastic from wastemodi also personally interacted with farmers, veterinary doctors and plastic waste segregators.
;;0.4215;;modi also interacted with select farmers who have been beneficiaries of government schemes.
;;0.3818;;rahul gandhi on tuesday said that prime minister modi must tell the nation what transpired in his meeting with donald trump after the us presidents stunning claim that the indian pm has asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;-0.5106;;the us president said that prime minister modi had made a similar request when they met a few weeks ago  a claim that was rejected by india.
;;0.4588;;if true, pm modi has betrayed indias interests & 1972 shimla agreement.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister s jaishankar said in the rajya sabha that no such request has been made by pm modi and added that it has been indias consistent position that all outstanding issues with pakistan are discussed only bilaterally.
;;0.128;;the sun city of rajasthan is set for a poll battle between 39-year-old vaibhav, who is making his electoral debut, and union minister gajendra singh shekhawat (51), a trusted man of prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.0;;russian president vladimir putin held talks with indian prime minister modi on thursday on the sidelines of the kremlins annual economic forum.
;;0.0;;modi and putin met on the third leg of the indian pms four-nation tour of europe, with the pair looking to bolster declining trade between the once key partners.
;;-0.6486;;modi is the guest of honour at this years three-day saint petersburg economic forum -- russias answer to davos -- that putin will use to push the idea that russia has turned the page on a brutal recession caused by low oil prices and sanctions over ukraine.
;;0.0;;co/vnviykmtd9  modi (@narendramodi) june 1, 2017the press statement by prime minister modi during his visit to russia can be read here.
;;0.5106;;8: 12 pm: india working to raise contribution of manufacturing sector to gdp from 16 per cent to 25 per cent; russian companies can take advantage in this: pm modi8: 06 pm: we will continue to increase investments, says russian president vladimir putin at ceo forum meeting in presence of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/ycezey6ku9  ani (@ani_news) june 1, 20177: 07 pm: official twitter account of president of russia tweets about meeting with pm modi.
;;-0.25;;twitter.com/drbg3yb2fh  modi (@narendramodi) june 1, 20176:30 pm: in an interview to pti, putin says there is no other country in the world that russia has deep cooperation in delicate areas such as missiles.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi met russian president vladimir putin in st petersburg, russia pic.
;;0.836;;twitter.com/6chx55lyru  ani (@ani_news) june 1, 2017pm modi also remembers the sacrifices made by russian people especially by president putins brother5:27 pm: a special nature of trust and friendship in the relations between the two countries and its people, says russian president putin in a meeting with pm modi in st petersburg, russia.
;;-0.3818;;4:49 pm: prime modi and russian president vladimir putin begin restricted meeting ahead of delegation- level summit.
;;0.6908;;prime minister modi , home minister rajnath singh, chief minister nitish kumar, ljp leader ram vilas paswan and deputy chief minister modi have campaigned for the aurangabad bjp nominee and enthused the party workers.
;;0.128;;nearly a month after announcing that he would contest against prime minister modi from varanasi, bhim army chief chandrashekhar azad wednesday rescinded his decision, saying his outfit will support the sp-bsp alliance and the dalit vote should remain intact to defeat the bjp.
;;0.0258;;watch: lok sabha elections 2019: the big fights to watch out for in phase 2chandrashekhar had earlier told pti that he wont contest from the seat if his candidature strengthened modi.
;;0.0;;his (akhilesh) father says in parliament that he wants modi to become prime minister again.
;;0.7783;;chandrashekhar had announced at a rally in the national capital last month that he would contest against modi from varanasi and had welcomed support of all parties, including the congress, to take on the bjp.
;;0.0;;the sp-bsp-rld alliance is yet to declare its candidate against modi in varanasi.
;;0.3612;;they referred to prime minister modi modis november 8, 2016 speech announcing the demonetisation policy, and a subsequent notification that promised that people would be able to deposit the old notes till march 31, 2017.
;;-0.0772;;3) pm modi greets yogi adityanath; says sole mission, motive is ups developmentas the yogi adityanath-led government took over in uttar pradesh on sunday, prime minister modi said the sole mission and motive is development of the state, in an apparent bid to allay apprehensions over the hardline hindutva mascot becoming the chief minister.
;;0.7506;;the supreme court on wednesday declined to entertain the congresss complaint against a string of clean chits handed out by the election commission to prime minister modi and bjp boss amit shah.
;;-0.6486;;but the poll panel did not file any instance of poll code violation against pm modi.
;;-0.7184;;in its new affidavit, dev had also cited a complaint filed with the ec on may 6  the congress partys most recent one  after pm modi reportedly made unprecedented, obscene and derogatory remarks in a speech against former prime minister of india, the late rajiv gandhi.
;;-0.8442;;babbar also criticised prime minister modi for his delayed response to the tragedy.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi too would be addressing the summit through video conferencing.
;;-0.743;;the rajasthan government drew criticism from prime minister modi and bahuajan samaj party chief mayawati during the lok sabha election campaign for delay in lodging the fir in the case and not taking action until the purported video of the sexual assault began circulating on social media.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is likely to visit the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) headquarters at mahal on april 14 and meet rss chief mohan bhagwat, probably to discuss the nominee for the presidential elections.
;;-0.296;;in his independence day speech, prime minister modi had urged people to avoid using plastic bags.
;;0.6124;;one of the first visitors was prime minister modi , who termed swaraj a prolific orator and an outstanding parliamentarian.
;;0.3197;;my thoughts are with her family, supporters and admirers in this very unfortunate hour, said modi in a series of tweets.
;;0.0258;;prime minister modi modis allegation that rajiv gandhi used ins viraat as a personal taxi was rejected by former navy chief admiral (retd) l ramdas as well as by a former commanding officer of the aircraft carrier.
;;0.7506;;the two leaders of the garo hills region put in their papers in less than a week after they announced on social media that they would celebrate prime minister modi modis three years in office by organising a bitchi-beef party.
;;0.6808;;read more| up election: akhilesh begins campaign from sultanpur after winning sp feudprime minister modi continues to dominate and shape the campaign for bharatiya janta party (bjp), which has not declared a chief ministerial candidate yet.
;;-0.4939;;faced with allegations of sexual harassment at the work place, in particular the metoo movement on social media, the previous modi government had formed a gom to look into strengthening the legal and institutional framework to prevent sexual harassment in the workplace last october.
;;0.0;;in the heat of the crucial uttar pradesh elections, prime minister modi has been coining amusing acronyms and redefinitions that have caught the attention of the public and triggered a battle of wits by rivals.
;;0.7096;;mayawati-led bahujan samaj party (bsp) was one his key targets, when, at a rally in ups jalaun, modi referred to it as behenji sampatti (wealth) party, in a jibe at its chief, who is known as behenji (sister) and has been accused of selling party tickets.
;;0.6369;;modi was only doing what he is best at.
;;-0.4767;;mayawati, on her part, didnt take too much time to respond and, at a rally in sultanpur hours later, accused modi of being an expert in jumlebaazi (empty rhetoric), and added that once he gets a tit-for-tat reply, he will forget all about it.
;;-0.5423;;i have been compelled to do the same for him, she said, spelling out pms name: modi means negative, damodardas means dalit, modi means man.
;;-0.1779;;read | from modi , mayawati to akhilesh, its a no holds barred slogan war during up electionscongress vice-president rahul gandhi tried to see some positive in scam and told a rally in kanpur that it actually stands for service, courage, ability and modesty.
;;0.3818;;the ncmc meeting, headed by cabinet secretary pradip kumar sinha met, was called on the directions of prime minister modi , who is closely monitoring the situation and have asked the committee to ensure all preparations to deal with any situation, said a statement released by cabinet secretariat.
;;-0.1901;;the uk-india year of culture was announced during prime minister modi modis november 2015 visit to london but the brexit vote has prompted extra focus as india is among the top countries britain is courting to compensate for the loss of the european market.
;;0.6486;;prime minister modi said on his government is focused on development of railways shedding earlier practices wherein the ministry was used as a bargaining tool by the main ruling party to distribute trophies to its allies.
;;0.7351;;prime minister modi had on monday presented the national bravery awards to 25 children, four of them posthumously, from different parts of the country.
;;-0.0516;;the up cm also asked prime minister modi to swear by ganga maiyya (river ganga) and clarify if the latters constituency kashi (varanasi) was getting electricity for 24 hours or not.
;;0.5859;;dushyant is banking on development and prime minister modi and raje to win lok sabha polls again.
;;0.7717;;government encouraged farmers like hukumchand patidar of jhalawar who was awarded padamshri by the modi government.
;;0.0;;us president barack obama spoke with prime minister modi on wednesday as part of farewell calls to world leaders he worked with closely over his years in the white house.
;;0.3612;;from their first meeting in september 2014, at the white house, when obama greeted modi in gujarati, they developed an easy working relationship, calling each other by their first names in public, a routine western practice but rare for an indian leader.
;;-0.4404;;obama was, in fact, among the first word leaders to call modi on his election in 2014, when he invited the prime minister to visit the us, ending in one stroke weeks of speculation about how modi will travel to us, having being denied a visa in 2005.
;;0.4215;;modi and obama used social media, twitter actually, their favoured platform for public communication before donald trump discovered it, to announce the us president will be chief guest at the republic day parade in 2015.
;;0.1901;;chief minister arvind kejriwal has promised a hands-on role in running delhis municipal corporations if aap comes to power in sundays elections but ruled out any involvement of prime minister modi in the citys administration if the bjp retains power.
;;0.0;;is modi a factor in the mcd elections?
;;-0.5994;;the comment  not as acerbic as some of the ones that have been made against mr modi by the opposition many times in recent years  led to the congress stalling proceedings in the upper house and staging protests in the lower.
;;-0.5719;;the issue could lead to further disruptions when the house reconvenes on march 9: the congress has said that it will boycott mr modi for rest of the budget session.
;;0.0;;read | remember what your mother called pm modi , amit shah tells rahulif we sift through contemporary political history, heres what opposition leaders have called mr modi: a snake, a scorpion, and bhasmasur, the demon.
;;-0.4588;;read | oppn seeks apology from pm modi for his remarks on manmohan, disrupt rajya sabhareacting to the pms comment, mr gandhi tweeted: when a prime minister reduces himself to ridiculing his predecessor  years his senior, he hurts the dignity of the parliament &the nation.
;;0.8271;;on teesta issue, prime minister modi once again reiterated his governments strong resolve to conclude the water sharing treaty at the soonest, hasina said, speaking at a reception by india foundation, a delhi-based policy advocacy group.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi had announced the defence corridor project for uttar pradesh at the investors summit in the state capital on february 21 last year.
;;0.296;;while the modi government is tight-lipped about the powers of the cds, it is learnt that he will be single-point military advisor to the defence minister, and interface with the nsa in the defence planning group and defence acquisition council (dac) as a member of the bodies.
;;0.0;;instead of criticising rivals  the aam aadmi party (aap) and congress  the state leadership used modi to seek votes.
;;0.0;;after losing in punjab and goa, aap had hoped to shore up delhi before taking on modi in home state of gujarat.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said on thursday that india does not eye anyones territory and resources and maintained that the countrys development model is based on give and take.
;;0.0;;modi was addressing the first conference of persons of indian origin parliamentarians.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi will review the progress of his governments flagship schemes and the agenda for the last year of the current nda rule at a meeting of the council of ministers on wednesday.
;;-0.25;;gabbard has struck up a close relationship with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;senior bjp leader ram madhav represented modi at her 2015 hawaii wedding, which was also attended by then acting indian ambassador taranjit singh sandhu.
;;0.7964;;in a series of tweets, shah said this victory is a win of peoples confidence in prime minister modi modi.
;;0.9136;;this grand victory is a triumph of peoples confidence in prime minister modi modis development work and strong leadership.
;;0.8807;;click here for up lok sabha election results liveconveying his greetings to party workers on behalf of prime minister modi , shah said it was the relentless efforts of the party workers which strengthened the bjp at every booth of the country.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister s jaishankar said on tuesday that no request was made by prime minister modi to us president donald trump regarding any mediation in kashmir.
;;0.4019;;i would like to categorically assure the house that no such request has been made by pm modi , s jaishankar said in identical statements in both houses of parliament, reports ani.
;;-0.4939;;in lok sabha, the opposition shouted slogans demanding a statement from pm modi and staged a walkout.
;;-0.5106;;read: ex-diplomats feel trumps kashmir mediation remarks may hit indo-us relationstrump said that pm modi had made a similar request when they met a few weeks ago  a claim that was rejected by india.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah have been campaigning in the state ahead of may 12 elections.
;;-0.7269;;on saturday, pm modi also mounted a scathing attack on the congress over corruption, and asserted it will become punjab, puducherry, parivar congress after its defeat in the karnataka assembly polls.
;;0.3182;;china wants the nsg to have thorough consultations for a non-discriminatory and universally applicable solution to all the countries, li said days ahead of a possible meeting between prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana on june 8 and 9.
;;0.2023;;the nsg issue is expected to be among the top talking points if modi and xi meet in astana.
;;0.0;;addressing the voters of his parliamentary constituency on tuesday through a video message, prime minister modi hinted at not campaigning in varanasi, his lok sabha constituency, ahead of the seventh phase of polling.
;;0.7003;;with just three days left for campaigning, prime minister modi released a dedicated message for natives of his parliamentary constituency, in which he also talked about having faith in his voters for handling everything.
;;-0.3612;;i know that every citizen of kashi is himself fighting elections for and as modi , modi said.
;;0.5719;;his rival candidate from congress ajay rai had only polled around 75,000 votes in the 2014 elections, while modi won the last elections with over 5 lakh votes.
;;0.0;;modi held a massive roadshow in varanasi before filling his nomination on april 26.
;;0.5859;;in 2014, modi won the seat by defeating aam aadmi party (aap) national convenor and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal by a massive margin of 3.
;;0.5423;;in an editorial in the party mouthpiece saamana, the sena criticised the modi government for the unilateral ceasefire in kashmir and said internal security in india is becoming a joke.
;;0.6908;;as a mark of respect for the holy month of ramzan, our dear modi government announced unilateral ceasefire in the valley.
;;-0.5994;;the sena also once again took potshots at prime minister modi over reports of an assassination plot against him.
;;0.0;;what is the use of prime minister modi visiting so many countries, the editorial remarked.
;;0.0;;5 billion for bangladesh, even as the two countries signed 22 pacts after a meeting between prime minister modi and his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina.
;;0.4019;;in a special gesture, modi had personally received his bangladeshi counterpart at the airport on friday.
;;0.0;;focus on cow protection, especially by vigilante groups, has risen since the bjp-led government under prime minister modi took power at the centre three years ago.
;;0.1027;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 15:41 istchief of army staff, general bipin rawat could be the first chief of defence staff (cds)  the formation of which was announced by the prime minister modi from the ramparts of the red fort in his address to the nation on 73rd independence day.
;;0.0;;follow live updates hereas polling started prime minister modi urged young voters to vote in record numbers.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is scheduled to visit the us to address the un general assembly.
;;0.0;;the minister also said us president donald trump attending the howdy, modi!
;;0.836;;event on sunday in houston along with modi was a matter of great honour and an achievement for the indo-american community.
;;0.7184;;prime minister modi on sunday appealed to the states to work closely with the centre to realise the dreams of a new india, days after he spoke about his governments strong political will to push economic reforms.
;;0.6486;;being aware that his government would require active support from key opposition-ruled states, modi left no stones unturned to create a consensus and take them along in the plan.
;;0.3612;;modi pointed out that it was for the first time cms were asked to recommend on centrally-sponsored schemes.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister modi also attacked the earlier congress-ncp regime for completing only one metro line in the city in 11 years  metro-1 (versova-andheri-ghatkopar).
;;0.765;;the scheme with a smiling picture of modi made a positive impact on the panchayat voters, said rabi das, a political analyst.
;;0.0;;on august 30, prime minister modi , through video conferencing from the national capital, will inaugurate these ahwcs in kasan (gurugram), bara (ambala), shahjahanpur (faridabad), sataundi (karnal), mahra (sonepat), barsana (kaithal), kairaka (mewat), sector 9 (panchkula), rakhi shahpur (hisar), and sulhera (jind).
;;0.0516;;prime minister modi on saturday pledged his governments commitment to the modernisation of the armed forces, took a swipe at pakistan and credited indias victory in the 1999 kargil war to the people of the country.
;;-0.5994;;on friday, prime minister modi had recalled his visit to kargil in 1999 during the india-pakistan war and described as unforgettable his interactions with the soldiers.
;;0.296;;on the 20th anniversary of the conflict, modi tweeted, during the kargil war in 1999, i had the opportunity to go to kargil and show solidarity with our brave soldiers.
;;0.5859;;the talks between doval and patrushev, who is the secretary of the russian national security council, covered preparations for prime minister modi modis visit to vladivostok for the eastern economic forum in early september, bilateral cooperation between the two national security councils, and other regional and international issues, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;0.0;;go to any nukkad sabha, or street-corner meeting, in this ancient temple town by the ganga, you are very likely to spot a union minister exhorting people to vote for modi on march 8 when varanasi goes to the polls in the final round of the uttar pradesh elections.
;;-0.794;;the bjp might get a majority in the entire state but if it doesnt win in his constituency, it will be treated as modis loss because up is voting for modi , not for the bjp, said dr kaushal kishore mishra, the head of political science at banaras hindu university.
;;-0.8481;;congress president rahul gandhi on thursday accused prime minister modi of misleading the people of the country about his fight against corruption, saying he had shown his true intent by fielding the controversial reddy brothers of ballari, linked to the alleged iron ore mining scam.
;;-0.7753;;the country knows that modi only spreads hatred and cannot be trusted to take us forward, gandhi said.
;;0.34;;i believe that under the leadership of prime minister modi and security agencies intervention, india will ultimately prevail in kashmir, he said at the samvaad conclave organised by india tv.
;;0.0;;shah replied to a vast range of questions during the conclave covering article 370 and the kashmir issue, ram temple, performance of the modi government after three years, farmers suicides and triple talaq.
;;-0.6808;;he also claimed that that incidents of terrorism and maoism have been brought under check under the modi government.
;;0.0;;citing various achievements of the modi government during last three years, shah also claimed that farmers suicides have come down for the first time in past 12 years.
;;0.7845;;in the short term, an mou that launches a dialogue between scientists and policymakers would help depoliticise water security, and provide an opportunity for prime minister modi , president xi jinping, and prime minister sheikh hasina to demonstrate high-profile cooperation to the international community.
;;-0.6908;;prime minister modi modis reference to the magnum opus bahubali and its character katappa at his election meeting in mau on monday pitchforked the question katappa ne bahubali ko kyun maara (why did katappa kill bahubali?
;;0.128;;modi had referred to the law and order situation and said the state jails provided the best of facilities to the criminals lodged there.
;;-0.5719;;tiwari called modi and bjp chief amit shah maha bali for speaking ill about up and said the duo of maha balis was targeting up because the congress-sp alliance had stopped the bjps victory march here.
;;0.0;;this is not the first time that modi has referred to a feature film to make his point.
;;-0.2263;;chief minister akhilesh yadavs wife and kannauj mp dimple yadav too had used hindi film lawariss number mere angne main tumhara kya kaam hai to target modi obviously to convey that he was an outsider and had no business in the state.
;;0.7717;;prime minister modi modis dream of doubling farmers income by 2022 can be realised only through partnership with state governments, naidu said adding that the centre is working on four is irrigation, infrastructure, interest rate and insurance to boost the income of farmers.
;;0.4588;;(ah zaidi/ht photo)he stated that the modi government has brought down agriculture cooperative crop loan interest rates to 7.
;;0.4939;;even today, prime minister modi in his man ki baat session praised savarkar and asked the people of the country to visit the cellular jail on andaman nicobar islands, where he was kept.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis government courted controversy this week, when it claimed the economy grew 7  in the october-december quarter and kept the forecast for fy 2016-17 unchanged at 7.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister modi too has attacked the congress over the condition of dalits.
;;0.5719;;indian handset-maker lava on monday said that it was launching what it claims -- is the first 4g smartphone of the country -- lava 4g connect m1 at a price of rs 3,333 to help india realise its digital india dream painted by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.2023;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjees tirade against the governments currency recall reached a new crescendo as the trinamool congress leader accused prime minister modi of removing crucial files related to the decision.
;;0.0;;crucial files are being removed by modi and his office.
;;-0.8689;;i am shocked and depressed over the abusive language used against prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;it should stand up against the modi government and reveal the real reasons behind demonetisation.
;;-0.1901;;the year was announced during the november 2015 visit of prime minister modi , but the brexit vote six months later has prompted extra focus as india is among the top countries britain is courting to compensate for the loss of european market.
;;-0.25;;prime minister modi has already accepted the gurdwara bodys invitation for the event which will be held in sultanpur lodhi on november 12, sad president sukhbir singh badal had said in july.
;;0.0;;the punjab government has also sent an invitation to pm modi , he said.
;;0.2732;;in july, the gurdwara body had extended invitation to pm modi , which he accepted.
;;0.1531;;so, he, along with amarinder, tried to humour prime minister modi and union finance minister arun jaitley for a farm debt waiver in the first week after being sworn in on march 16.
;;0.0;;in a thread of 10 tweets, jaitley congratulated prime minister modi and home minister amit shah for nullifying article 370.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and home minister shri amit shah achieved the impossible with the new kashmir policy.
;;0.4767;;prime minister modi wants students to utilise their summer vacations by taking up a special internship in the flagship cleanliness campaign, swachh bharat.
;;0.2263;;indiaupdated: sep 20, 2019 00:38 istindia on thursday said it could consider approaching the international civil aviation organization (icao) over pakistans refusal to allow prime minister modi modis us flight to use its airspace.
;;0.8047;;but if the exit polls hold true, the writing is on the wall for modi aam aadmi party, which had routed prime minister modi modis bjp in the delhi assembly elections two years ago.
;;0.0;;the only explanation for the victory will be brand modi.
;;-0.1779;;the anti-satellite missile strike was announced by prime minister modi on live television on march 27, an address that was condemned by the opposition parties.
;;0.7845;;he said the document which envisions clean governance for uttarakhand is in sync with prime minister modi modis commitment for accelerating the country along the highway of growth.
;;0.3818;;the 14-page document with the pictures of modi and amit shah on the cover besides those of the five mps, former chief minister vijay bahuguna, satpal maharaj and pradesh bjp president ajay bhatt on the cover promises to develop the state as an education hub by reviewing the education policy and putting in place an education system with emphasis on quality.
;;0.128;;united states president donald trumps daughter and adviser ivanka trump got trolled by pundits last week for calling india a critical ally in a video commentary on her fathers meeting with prime minister modi at the osaka g-20.
;;0.7003;;since the election of trump as u.s. president, indian leaders including modi have reiterated their commitment to the paris agreement.
;;-0.5423;;prime minister modi met with chancellor angela merkel and said it would be a crime not to act on the environment.
;;0.6249;;pm modi setting up the national solar alliance with france, being such a dedicated supporter.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis visit to rajasthan on january 16 to lay the foundation stone of the proposed rs 43,129 crore barmer refinery project is set to provide the much-needed booster shot to the ruling bjp in the state ahead of the assembly elections due later this year.
;;-0.6808;;communities and countries develop a reputation, he said, underscoring a point made by prime minister modi in afghanistan when he had contrasted how it, because of the difference in reputation of the two neighbours had different meanings in context of india and pakistan; information technology in reference to india and international terrorism in pakistans case.
;;0.0;;there have been a series of meetings between indian officials and trump administration officials and cabinet members since the new president took office  including phone calls between prime minister modi and trump.
;;0.0;;he met modi.
;;-0.0516;;for one other individual, too, the departure of arun jaitley will leave a gap impossible to fill: prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4563;;when he believed in something, arun jaitley could be very obstinate  as obstinate and as steadfast as modi modi.
;;-0.296;;no wonder jaitley was an obvious, able and steady first mate as modi took command of the government in 2014.
;;-0.7964;;jaitley was the man modi could ask for advice, or from he could receive blunt counsel, even occasional disagreement, knowing the other man had no angle, no conspiratorial motive, no hidden agenda.
;;0.0;;one of the more intriguing narratives being spun after the appointment of yogi adityanath as the new uttar pradesh chief minister is to liken his rise to modi modi.
;;-0.1531;;like modi , adityanath is a single man born in a poor family who left home at a young age and discovered himself in the womb of hindutva politics.
;;0.0772;;like modi , adityanath too is charismatic and controversial, with a reputation for being a hard taskmaster.
;;0.4019;;with modi there has always been a consciously cultivated desire to be seen in more than just narrow hindutva terms.
;;0.0772;;the 2002 gujarat riots and its immediate aftermath made modi a hindu nationalist hero, an image which he deftly used to build his political capital at the time.
;;0.4404;;having been re-elected as gujarat chief minister in 2007, modi then equally deliberately projected himself as a good governance icon, an image that has sustained his political rise since.
;;0.0;;will adityanath in power do a modi and transform his militant hindutva image?
;;0.6486;;like modi , he too is now being projected as a tough, no-nonsense administrator, strong on law and order.
;;0.0;;adityanath carries a far weightier baggage than modi ever did.
;;0.6187;;in 2001, when sending modi to gujarat, the rss knew they were taking a risk but it worked in ensuring the state became the original laboratory of political hindutva.
;;0.6486;;post script: after listening to yogi adityanath speaking in parliament soon after being made chief minister, a senior bjp mp remarked: see how soberly he is speaking, he will surely surprise his critics like mr modi has as prime minister.
;;-0.6808;;the lynching of muslims, dalits and other minorities must be stopped immediately, celebrities from various fields have said in an open letter to prime minister modi while also stressing that there is no democracy without dissent.
;;0.4019;;the portfolio distribution came a day after adityanaths visit to delhi, where he met prime minister modi and bharatiya janata party national president amit shah.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi said of the mission as anxious faces in the 7,500-strong visitor gallery and tension in the mission control room gave way to cheers and applause.
;;0.0;;tweeted modi.
;;0.0;;the countries are also continuing with preparations for the second informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping, expected to be held during october 11-12.
;;0.0;;the first informal summit between modi and xi was held in wuhan last year and helped put bilateral ties on an even keel after the 73-day military standoff at doklam in 2017.
;;0.6486;;karnataka chief minister hd kumaraswamy on saturday said that his father hd deve gowdas ten-month long tenure as the prime minister of india was much better than prime minister modi modis so far as far as the countrys internal security is concerned.
;;0.0;;you can go through the records to see what happened in deve gowdas 10 month government and five years under the leadership of prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi during an election rally at chitradurga in karnataka had said that the whole world stood with india, but our mahamilavati dal (congress-jds) was condemning modi instead of pakistan.
;;-0.3612;;chief minister kumaraswamy attacked prime minister modi , saying that he is using balakot air strike incident to his political advantage in the ongoing lok sabha elections.
;;0.743;;he (prime minister modi) is the only person, he is misleading people that he went to pakistan border and he only dropped the bomb on terror camps in balakot.
;;0.0;;that way he is projecting himself, kumaraswamy said, in response to a question where he had said that modi does not know the difference between balakot and bagalkot.
;;0.0;;kumaraswamys response came after pm modi , while addressing a poll rally in north karnataka, said: now tell me - where is the congress and the jds vote bank?
;;0.0;;on being asked to respond on his statement that modi put make-up and wax on his face before the camera, kumaraswamy said: all bjp candidates are telling people to vote for us (bjp) by seeing the face of modi modi.
;;0.0;;but this could be attributed to many atms being reported either dysfunctional or short of cash even four months after prime minister modi modis november 8 announcement to recall the old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.6705;;post-demonetisation, the modi government laid thrust on moving towards a less-cash economy, promoting e-wallets and even announcing cash awards for both consumers and merchants adopting digital payment modes.
;;-0.3182;;as a delegation of sgpc office-bearers, including longowal, and sad chief sukhbir singh badal called on prime minister modi and president ram nath kovind and invited them for guru nanaks birth anniversary celebrations, the state government is showing no interest in collaborating with the gurdwara body.
;;0.0;;leader of opposition in bihar assembly tejashwi yadav on sunday rebuffed prime minister modi modis assertion of belonging to an ati-pichhda (most backward) caste, insisting that he saw this coming from the pm a week ago.
;;0.0;;notably, the former bihar deputy chief minister had said on april 20 that modi would call himself a son of extremely backward caste parents, hours before the prime minister held a rally in the araria lok sabha constituency.
;;-0.3318;;earlier, too, yadav had termed modi as a fake backward, who did nothing for obcs, inviting the wrath of several saffron party leaders.
;;-0.6705;;the beheadings triggered nationwide outrage and the bsf mans family initially refused to cremate him unless prime minister modi and the chief minister were present.
;;0.0823;;closure of such duly approved projects is therefore not in its interest, he said while speaking at the fourth meeting of niti ayog chaired by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.2023;;the government on friday said no decision has been taken on limiting to the first child only the maternity benefit programme (mbp) prime minister modi announced in his televised address on the new years eve.
;;0.0;;the voting will take place for 59 seats including varanasi in uttar pradesh from where modi is seeking re-election, bringing the curtain down on the seven-phased mammoth electoral exercise which began on april 11.
;;0.0772;;7:49 am ist bihar deputy cm modi casts his vote bihar deputy chief minister modi cast his vote at booth number 49 in bihars patna.
;;0.0;;7:34 am ist all eyes on varanasi, big test for sp-bsp alliance in east up varanasi, the seat of prime minister modi , will go to polls along with 12 other parliamentary seats on may 19, the last phase of the ongoing general elections.
;;0.0;;7:22 am ist pm modi urges voters to turn up in record numbers today is the final phase of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.7579;;i also hope first time voters vote enthusiastically, tweeted prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the entire election circled around pm modi , said up chief minister yogi adityanath after casting his vote in gorakhpur.
;;0.6249;;pm modi has fulfilled his promise made in 2014 to bring in transparency in politics.
;;0.5267;;48pm: prime minister modi modi: this budget will help small businesses to become competitive in the global market.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi modi: the commitment to eliminate corruption and black money is reflected in the budget1.
;;0.5267;;43pm: prime minister modi modi: the housing sector stands to gain immensely.
;;0.4019;;42pm: prime minister modi modi: special emphasis has been given to women empowerment.
;;0.0;;39pm: prime minister modi modi: the aim of the government is to double the income of farmers.
;;0.3818;;38pm: prime minister modi modi: the merger of the railway budget with the general budget will give an impetus to the transport sectors growth.
;;0.4215;;37pm: prime minister modi modi: the finance minister has presented an uttam budget, devoted to strengthening the hands of the poor.
;;0.0;;16am: prime minister modi arrives at e ahamed s residence.
;;-0.34;;jrl leader syed ali geelani and mirwaiz umar farooq were put under house arrest ahead of prime minister modi modis visit last weekend while yasin malik was in police custody.
;;0.0;;this is third day of restrictions in old city since saturday when prime minister modi was in kashmir to inaugurate some developmental projects.
;;-0.743;;in response to a question from a reporter, president trump had made the offer during prime minister khans white house visit in july, saying even prime minister modi had asked him to mediate -- a claim that was swiftly and summarily denied by new delhi, which also reiterated that the kashmir dispute can only be resolved bilaterally, and only after pakistan stopped supporting terrorism.
;;0.6597;;besides measures to clean up the system, prime minister modi is pushing for simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections in states, a move that will help reduce poll expenditure.
;;0.802;;the bold step taken by prime minister modi and amit shah has created a positive wave for the bjp in telangana, laxman said.
;;-0.296;;columnsupdated: sep 06, 2019 22:57 istdays after prime minister modi spoke of indias population explosion in his independence day speech, an rss-backed organisation declared that there was no need for sex education in schools.
;;0.7003;;the bjps outreach is driven by its assessment that a section of muslims, especially women and youth, has embraced prime minister modi modis development agenda and happy with the partys stand against triple talaq.
;;0.5994;;prime minister modi modis government late friday surprised analysts by announcing a series of mergers that will create four new lenders that will hold business worth 55.
;;-0.5267;;referring to a time magazine cover story on prime minister modi , he said, one of the worlds credible news magazines has said that the bjp is a threat to democracy.
;;-0.7184;;the attack came a week after indian prime minister modi made an impromptu visit to pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif, in a bid to revive bilateral talks that had previously been derailed by militant attacks.
;;-0.296;;there is no information available about officials whose views were taken before the decision to demonetise high-value currency notes was announced by prime minister modi on november 8, the prime ministers office has said.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi on thursday arrived in japan for the g20 summit during which he will attend important plurilateral meetings and meet with the world leaders including us president donald trump.
;;0.6808;;follow live updates here:4:37 pm ist besides delhi and ahmedabad, i had the opportunity to take pm abe to varanasi: pm modi pm modi in japan: besides delhi and ahmedabad, i had the opportunity to take pm abe to varanasi.
;;0.9274;;4:36 pm ist pm modi thanks the diaspora for the warm welcome extended to him on his many visits to japan pm modi thanks the diaspora for the warm welcome extended to him on his many visits to japan.
;;0.9531;;4:35 pm ist after i became pm in 2014 i got an opportunity to strengthen india-japan friendship: pm modi after i became pm in 2014 i got an opportunity to strengthen india-japan friendship, together with my friend pm shinzo abe.
;;0.8807;;pm modi in japan: after i became pm in 2014 i got an opportunity to strengthen india-japan friendship, together with my friend pm shinzo abe.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/6spnv6i4lq  ani (@ani) june 27, 20194:32 pm ist we will continue to chase development milestones that are comparable to peoples rising aspirations: pm modi we will continue to chase development milestones that are comparable to peoples rising aspirations, says pm modi.
;;0.3818;;4:25 pm ist when it comes to indias relations with the world, japan holds an important position: pm modi pm modi in japan: when it comes to indias relations with the world, japan holds an important position.
;;0.2023;;pm modi in japan: when it comes to india's relations with the world, japan holds an important position.
;;0.6369;;4:17 pm ist 130 crore indians formed an even stronger government: pm modi pm modi in kobe, japan: 130 crore indians formed an even stronger government.
;;-0.1027;;4:12 pm ist if we leave china out, then 61 crore voters of india are more than the population of any other country in the world: pm modi if we leave china out, then 61 crore voters of india are more than the population of any other country in the world, says pm modi.
;;0.891;;4:12 pm ist pm modi engages diaspora in conversation while discussing his governments historic win in elections pm engages diaspora in conversation while discussing his governments historic win in elections.
;;0.7003;;4:11 pm ist i am fortunate to be here once again after 7 months: pm modi in japan pm in japan: i am fortunate to be here once again after 7 months.
;;0.4404;;4:03 pm ist indian community waits for modi modis address mea tweets: full house at hyogo prefecture guest house in kobe, japan as the indian community eagerly awaits to hear pm @narendramodi.
;;0.0;;pm modi will address the programme shortly.
;;0.0;;pm modi will address the programme shortly.
;;0.0;;12:04 pm ist shinzo abe and pm modi would meet again tomorrow for a trilateral meeting vijay gokhale, foreign secretary on meeting of pm modi and japan pm: both pms would meet again tomorrow for a trilateral meeting between japan, india and us, there was a brief discussion on the indo-pacific initiative that all three countries are separately pursuing and discussing together.
;;0.0;;v gokhale, foreign secy on meeting of pm modi & japan pm: both pms would meet again tomorrow for a trilateral meeting between japan, india & us, there was a brief discussion on the indo-pacific initiative that all three countries are separately pursuing and discussing together.
;;0.6478;;11:56 am ist pm modi , shinzo abe had constructive discussion on bilateral relationship: vijay gokhale foreign secretary vijay gokhale on pm modi-japan pm shinzo abe meeting: it was a very warm meeting, both leaders are old friends.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/tswlmgldzl  ani (@ani) june 27, 201911:28 am ist president ram nath kovind to attend japanese emperors coronation: pm modi prime minister modi said that president ram nath kovind will participate in the coronation ceremony of emperor naruhito in october.
;;0.9501;;twitter.com/59ciubhzwa  pmo india (@pmoindia) june 27, 201911:00 am ist express my gratitude for warm welcome you and japan government have accorded to us: pm modi to shinzo abe pm modi to japan pm shinzo abe: thank you once again for the congratulations, you were the first friend of india who congratulated me, on phone.
;;0.4588;;twitter.com/zyrxog7ltr  ani (@ani) june 27, 201910:57 am ist pm modi discussed broad range of topics of mutual interest: mea expanding the strategic template of our relationship  pm @narendramodi met japanese pm @abeshinzo ahead of the #g20summit.
;;0.9168;;twitter.com/q07u4i68yu  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) june 27, 201910:55 am ist japanese pm shinzo abe welcomes pm modi greeting each other as best friends do!
;;0.8807;;twitter.com/7swlmxcmuq  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) june 27, 201910:54 am ist next time it is my turn to visit india and i am looking forward to my visit: shinzo abe to pm modi japan pm shinzo abe to pm modi: once again would like to offer my hearty congratulations to you for an overwhelming win in elections.
;;0.0;;10:52 am ist pm modi meets his japanese counterpart shinzo abe prime minister modi meets japan prime minister shinzo abe on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi meets japan prime minister shinzo abe on the sidelines of the #g20summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.8481;;10:11 am ist pm modi and donald trump had agreed on the bilateral meeting pm modi and donald trump had agreed on the bilateral meeting when the united states president called the indian leader last month to congratulate him on his re-election.
;;0.0;;9:50 am ist pm modi will hold some 10 bilateral meetings on the sidelines of the g20 summit pm modi will hold some 10 bilateral meetings on the sidelines of the g20 summit, including one with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan.
;;0.5994;;9:22 am ist look forward to speaking with pm modi on high tariffs against us: donald trump donald trump tweets: i look forward to speaking with prime minister modi about the fact that india, for years having put very high tariffs against the united states, just recently increased the tariffs even further.
;;0.7964;;9:09 am ist look forward to engaging with leaders of our major partner countries: pm modi on the sidelines, pm modi said, he looks forward to engaging with leaders of our major partner countries on important issues of bilateral and global importance.
;;0.9325;;8:25 am ist g20 summit will also be a platform for sharing indias strong developmental experience of last 5 years: pm modi prime minister modi said that the g 20 summit will also be a platform for sharing indias strong developmental experience of the last five years, which provided the basis for a resounding mandate by the people of india to the government to continue on the path of progress and stability.
;;0.0;;8:00 am ist pm modi will meet donald trump, emmanuel macron and shinzo abe prime minister modi will meet us president donald trump, french president emmanuel macron and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe for the first time after his re-election.
;;0.0;;7:50 am ist pm modi to meet prime minister of japan, shinzo abe in osaka, japan prime minister modi to meet prime minister of japan, shinzo abe in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;#expectedtoday | prime minister modi to meet prime minister of japan, shinzo abe in osaka, japan.
;;0.9022;;twitter.com/e3x92utajm  ani (@ani) june 27, 20197:40 am ist grateful to dynamic indian community for warm welcome: pm modi prime minister modi tweeted: reached osaka to join the #g20 summit.
;;0.7184;;twitter.com/brpkl9vjqj  modi (@narendramodi) june 27, 20197:30 am ist members of indian community welcome pm modi as he arrives at swissotel nankai hotel in osaka japan: members of the indian community welcome prime minister modi as he arrives at swissotel nankai hotel in osaka.
;;0.4588;;japan: members of the indian community welcome prime minister modi as he arrives at swissotel nankai hotel in osaka pic.
;;0.8316;;indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 03:40 istin an indirect reference to the governments decision to revoke jammu & kashmirs special status, prime minister modi on tuesday credited the countrys first home minister vallabhbhai patels vision of a unified india for the move.
;;-0.5994;;addressing a gathering near the statue of unity, a 182 metre statue of patel, in the narmada river on the occasion of the pms 69th birthday, modi recalled patels role in integration of princely states with india after independence.
;;-0.5423;;in 2006, when he was the chief minister of gujarat, modi had gone on a hunger strike to protest the centres decision over not raising the dams height.
;;-0.4215;;indiaupdated: sep 02, 2019 09:02 isthailing the abrogation of article 370, bjp national general secretary ram madhav said it took only 72 hours for prime minister modi to end 72 years of agony in jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.4215;;it took just 72 hours for prime minister modi to end 72 years of agony due to this draconian article 370.
;;0.0;;it took one modi to end it, one who could see, feel and was willing to take stern decisions to give people their due rights, madhav said at the new india, new kashmir event in kochi on sunday.
;;-0.1027;;he also questioned the personality cult and drew kejriwals parallels with modi , rahul gandhi and yogi adityanath.
;;0.0;;the bjp mps comments come a few days after prime minister modi hit out at the sp government in up over its alleged appeasement policy.
;;-0.4767;;modi had demanded that if the state government gives land for graveyard it should also provide land for crematoriums.
;;-0.6124;;all of that means former central bank officials and a key political ally of prime minister modi have spent the past weeks criticizing the debt sale plan.
;;0.5423;;law minister ravi shankar prasad said in new delhi that the modi government respects the culture of tamil nadu and is mindful of the sentiments expressed by the people in the state through a peaceful protest.
;;0.0;;a day before, tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam had appealed to prime minister modi for an ordinance on jallikattu.
;;0.3612;;modi, however, remained non-committal on the contentious issue, saying the matter was in the supreme court.
;;-0.4767;;though yogi was primarily here to mark the three years rule of the modi government at the centre, he chose to attack the nitish kumar regime for its inertness.
;;0.3612;;the up cm, however, did not speak on the prohibition policy of the state or respond to bihar chief ministers dare to apply prohibition in up  a policy, which prime minister modi had lauded  and grant 50  reservation to women, as bihar had.
;;0.0258;;the modi government has risen over such matters and is intent on implementing the provisions of the indian constitution.
;;-0.0572;;referring to the minorities, yogi said the modi government did not want to use them as vote banks.
;;-0.4693;;earlier addressing the meeting, senior bjp leader modi said nitish kumar was so terrified of the visit of yogi, that he held a meeting at darbhanga a day earlier but his meeting was attended only by around 700 people.
;;-0.6908;;a court in assam has issued an arrest warrant against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal after he failed to appear before it in a defamation case over his tweet on prime minister modi modis education qualifications.
;;0.4939;;uske baad ki degree farzi hai (narendra modi is only 12th pass and all other succeeding degrees are fake), kejriwal had tweeted on december 15.
;;-0.1779;;a few days later, karbi anglong autonomous council member surjo rongphar, who is also with the bjp, filed a case against kejriwal, accusing him of making defamatory remarks about modi.
;;0.0;;digvijaya singh (@digvijaya_28) april 11, 2017why is modi so secretive of his educational qualification ?
;;0.0;;digvijaya singh (@digvijaya_28) april 11, 2017why is modi so secretive of his educational qualification ?
;;0.5988;;at election meetings, they allege that the government of prime minister modi had told the supreme court in an affidavit that it cannot pay farmers one-and-a-half times the cost of their produce.
;;0.3612;;on may 28, you shall leave everything aside, come out in the open and cast your vote in support of pm modi , he tells the crowd.
;;0.4588;;besides promising an anti-romeo squad along with three separate battalions and three women police stations in each district, the cleverly coined slogan targets sp not just over law and order but on corruption tooissues that prime minister modi touched upon at his meerut and aligarh rallies.
;;0.0;;the programme was a prelude to the upcoming international yoga day celebrations in lucknow on june 21 in which prime minister modi and cm yogi adityanath will participate.
;;0.3818;;he said it was prime minister modi who highlighted the benefits of yoga before the world.
;;0.0;;he will also call on prime minister modi modi.
;;0.2263;;prime minister modi said on sunday states need to work together for what he calls a vision to create a new india, addressing a meeting of the niti aayogs governing council that was skipped by chief ministers mamata banerjee and arvind kejriwal  two of his staunchest critics.
;;0.5719;;the niti aayog is working on a 15-year long term vision, 7-year medium term strategy, and 3-year action agenda this effort needs support of states, pmo quoted modi as saying in his opening statement.
;;-0.0387;;according to the unidentified source, prime minister modi had refused to allow anyone but the cms and their deputies to attend the deliberations.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will review the  11,700-crore chardham all weather road project through high resolution drone cameras on may 23, chief minister trivendra singh rawat said friday.
;;0.0;;this is for the first time that modi will review the chardham all-weather road project, the foundation stone of which he laid on december 27, just months before the 2017 assembly polls.
;;0.0;;both are visually impaired since birth and have been selected to do yoga along with prime minister modi at ramabai ambedkar rally ground in lucknow on june 21.
;;0.0;;the fact that prime minister modi is scheduled to take part in the yoga drill here is an indicator.
;;0.4019;;the abolition of triple talaq will contribute to women empowerment and give women the dignity they deserve in our society, prime minister modi said on twitter.
;;0.0;;it was brought afresh by the modi government during the current session.
;;0.4019;;for its initiative, natmo was awarded by prime minister modi in this years indian science congress held at tirupati.
;;-0.34;;while the students resorted to firing inside the school on wednesday forenoon, prime minister modi , in his election rally on wednesday, had raised concerns over the law and order situation in up and said that nearly 40,000 cases under the arms act were pending in the state.
;;0.0;;in his first five months in office, during which prime minister modi abruptly abolished high-value currency notes and roiled economic activity, patel gave nine public speeches or press conferences, according to reuters analysis.
;;0.8622;;modi tweets congratsprime minister modi , who had called up captain amarinder on the day of the declaration of the results, took to twitter to congratulate the new punjab cm, wishing him the very best in working for punjabs development.
;;-0.1531;;read | budget 2017: govt pushes for digital economy but no substantial tax breaksthe demonetisation decision was announced by prime minister modi on november 8 following a meeting of the rbi board and also of the union cabinet.
;;0.0;;in the same context he recalled a meeting a rahul gandhi-led delegation had with prime minister modi on farmers issues before elections.
;;0.7096;;he was witty, courageous and never shied away from boldly expressing himself on any subject, pm modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;the association submitted a joint memorandum to the prime minister modi and union minister of health and family welfare, requesting that the citizens above 60 across all economic strata to be included in the worlds largest public health insurance scheme.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will tomorrow inaugurate the five-day annual meeting of the afdb group.
;;-0.2263;;gandhi last week asked prime minister modi to quell apprehensions about kashmir.
;;0.4588;;she said the result of the bypoll to dholpur assembly seat has shown that people want to connect with dreams of prime minster modi and thus voted for development.
;;0.25;;prime minister modi said on sunday the sp and the bsp created a culture of kuch logo ka saath, kuch logo ka vikas in politics for the sake of votes.
;;-0.4215;;dwelling on the problems of his lok sabha constituency, modi accused previous governments of carrying only sporadic works to cater to their political interests.
;;0.5562;;worldupdated: sep 17, 2019 00:44 istpresident donald trump will join prime minister modi modis september 22 diaspora outreach event in houston called howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;modi is visiting the us from september 21-27 for events in houston and to address the un general assembly in new york.
;;0.0;;in a set of tweets, modi described trumps participation in howdy, modi!
;;0.4939;;trumps presence also highlights the strength of the relationship and recognition of the contribution of the indian community to american society and economy, modi added.
;;0.6808;;he added that it reflected not only closeness and comfort levels in the relationship but also the personal chemistry and friendship between modi and trump.
;;0.7506;;vijai chauthaiwale, who is in-charge of the bharatiya janata partys foreign affairs department, said: there is a lot of excitement among the diaspora to hear prime minister modi and now with president trump joining in, there is added excitement.
;;0.0;;we are booked to capacity and there is another 5,000 people on the waiting list, because modi is a phenomenon.
;;0.0;;the nrg stadium has a capacity of more than 70,000 people, the largest yet for an event by modi.
;;0.0;;after two former rbi governors yv reddy and bimal jalan, nobel laureate amartya sen on tuesday raised questions on reserve banks autonomy saying the central bank does not decide anything now and all decisions are taken by prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.659;;highly critical of the demonetisation, sen opined that it has failed to eliminate black money though modi would continue to get the benefit of doubt.
;;0.128;;modi will continue to get benefit of doubt.
;;0.0;;modi in his november 8 address to the nation had said those who could not deposit old notes by december 30 could go to specified offices of the reserve bank of india up to march 31, 2017 and deposit the notes after submitting a declaration form.
;;0.7351;;the paris climate agreement is a shared legacy of the world and it will benefit the future generations, prime minister modi said on saturday, vowing to go above and beyond the accord to combat climate change.
;;-0.5574;;two days after president donald trump pulled the us out of the historic pact, modi met french president emmanuel macron on saturday and discussed issues of international and mutual interests, including ways to enhance strategic ties, countering terrorism and climate change.
;;0.4215;;for us, this is an article of faith, the official twitter account of the prime ministers office quoted modi as saying.
;;0.0;;modi arrived in france from russia, where he held talks with president vladimir putin and attended an international economic forum.
;;0.2023;;before russia, modi also visited germany and spain and held talks with the top leadership there.
;;-0.6486;;he blamed the bond between prime minister modi and sharif and the pressure by modi on the new donald trump administration for the latest move in which saeeds home in lahore has been converted into a sub-jail.
;;0.4404;;the congress party has approached the supreme court seeking action against prime minister modi and bjps president amit shah alleging they violated the model code of conduct during election rallies.
;;-0.2263;;congress lawmaker from assams silchar sushmita dev requested the top court to direct the election commission to decide on complaints against pm modi and amit shah within 24 hours.
;;-0.1531;;also watch | lok sabha elections 2019: watch out for these big fights in phase 4chief justice ranjan gogoi asked singhvi who committed the poll violations to which he replied pm modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.8126;;the congress has said it has given 37 representations to the ec of which 10 can be categorised under hate speeches, virulent, divisive, polarising by modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.5267;;after phase three of lok sabha polls, congress had gone to the poll panel alleging that pm modi violated the poll code by making a political speech outside a booth in ahmedabad where he cast his vote.
;;0.0;;congress had alleged that modi had made detailed plans to undertake, in defiance of electoral laws, a roadshow before and after he voted in gandhi nagar, gujarat on polling day.
;;-0.5574;;in the run-up to the final phase of polling in the country on may 19, prime minister modi on tuesday said that the opposition, having seen the voters response in six phases of lok sabha polls, was resorting to hurling personal abuses on him.
;;-0.0772;;those belonging to mahamilavat (major adulteration) parties are busy abusing modi.
;;0.2887;;there is no day when they do not abuse modi.
;;-0.875;;modi alone can wipe out terror outfits operating from pakistan and the factories of terrorism in pakistan occupied kashmir (pok) are on his hit list, he said.
;;0.0;;here is a history of the ups and downs of the relationship between asias two giants ahead of prime minister modi and president xi jinpings meeting in chinas wuhan city this week.
;;0.3818;;newly elected prime minister modi had hoped to build a new relationship on the basis of economics.
;;-0.3612;;party chief arvind kejriwal called the poll panel spineless and blamed prime minister modi for its biased functioning.
;;0.0;;yadav said he could take the issue to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4019;;senior bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader and bihars deputy chief minister, modi , filed a defamation case against congress president, rahul gandhi, in the court of chief judicial magistrate (cjm), patna, on thursday for a sweeping comment that associated the surname modi with wrongdoing.
;;-0.8519;;in the speech, gandhi has been quoted in the media as questioning why all thieves had the surname modi , mentioning fugitive diamantaire nirav modi , former cricket administrator modi , who , too, had flown abroad facing charges of financial irregularities, and prime minister modi , whom he has accused of wrongdoing in the rafale jet fighter deal, a charge the central government has repeatedly denied.
;;-0.5719;;on wednesday, pm modi attacked gandhi at a rally, accusing the congress president of targeting him because he was from a backward community.
;;-0.1779;;soon after modi declared his intention to sue rahul gandhi on tuesday, rashtriya janata dal leader, tejashwi yadav, jumped into the fray, accusing the deputy cm of being a srijan chor.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis decision in november to scrap rs 15.
;;0.0;;the congress had on monday approached the ec asking for pictures of prime minister modi to be removed from government posters at public places, including petrol pumps, in the election-bound states.
;;-0.875;;prime minister modi and turkish president tayyip erdogan used a joint appearance on monday to condemn terrorism, with the visiting leader seeking indias help to contain the network he accused of orchestrating last years failed coup.
;;0.4939;;he said the gulen network is active in over 100 countries in the world and accused it of infiltrating various organs of government, while thanking modi for his support in the wake of the coup.
;;0.8934;;both leaders vowed to strengthen economic co-operation, with modi saying, president and i are clear that strengths of our economies present an enormous opportunity to expand and deepen our commercial linkages.
;;0.8658;;modi encouraged stronger partnership of turkish companies with indias flagship programmes and to tap into diverse and unique opportunities in the india growth story.
;;0.3612;;he was talking to reporters at parliament house after a courtesy call on prime minister modi modi.
;;0.4767;;in the run up to the 2014 polls, both prime minister modi and sena chief uddhav thackeray had tried to woo bhide, who has sway in western maharashtra districts of sangli, satara.
;;0.3612;;former chief minister vasundhara raje credited the victory to prime minister modi , saying, this is not a wave or a tsunami, this is the magic of namo.
;;0.872;;she said the visionary leadership of modi and shah had helped the party register a historic win.
;;0.5719;;addressing newspersons at the bjp office, she said, i had stated earlier that all 25 lok sabha seats of rajasthan will be won by bjp and more than 300 seats in the country, to form modi government again.
;;0.9081;;the bjps comprehensive win also underlined the fact that the verdict in the 2018 assembly polls was against former cm raje while the support for modi remained strong.
;;0.3612;;beniwal credited modi for the victory saying people had voted for the exemplary work the modi government had done in the last five years.
;;-0.296;;on february 8, prime minister modi , in his election rally at ghaziabad, had targeted gda for alleged land scams and said that he would ensure a cag audit of all development authorities, including gda, if the bjp was elected.
;;0.4019;;congress leader milind deora on wednesday said that the idea of one nation, one election should be given a consideration, even though his party skipped the all-party meeting convened by prime minister modi to discuss the issue.
;;0.5927;;but thanks to prime minister modi , the article has been abrogated, making jammu & kashmir an integral part of india, he said.
;;-0.0772;;the day judgementall hai kya (jhk) released in theatres, actress kangana ranaut was in the news for being one of 49 people who signed an open letter in support of prime minister modi modis government, and attacking false narratives.
;;0.6808;;the bjp, in its lok kalyan sankalp patra (manifesto), had promised to waive the loans of small and marginal farmers and prime minister modi , too, said in his election speeches that loan relief would be among the foremost tasks of the state government.
;;-0.5574;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi on thursday equated prime minister modi with bollywoods iconic villain gabbar, taking a jibe at the centres demonetisation move.
;;0.25;;in a letter to prime minister modi , the employees had alleged that shanmuganathan seriously compromised the dignity of the raj bhavan and made it a young ladies club.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister modi said on friday the centre has released more than rs 100o crore to all the states, which will face the brunt of cyclone fani that made landfall near puri killing two people, and all those affected that the entire country was with them.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who was addressing an election rally in rajasthan, said the centre is in touch with government in odisha, west bengal, andhra pradesh, tamil nadu and puducherry.
;;0.8519;;he also urged prime minister modi to announce a special economic package for the development of the border states of punjab and jammu & kashmir to create better job opportunities for their youth.
;;-0.0772;;key candidates in the fray on may 19 are pm modi from varanasi, union minister manoj sinha from ups ghazipur, sad leader harsimrat kaur badal from bathinda, preneet kaur from patiala, sunny deol from gurdaspur, anurag thakur from hamirpur and misa bharti from patlipura.
;;0.0;;here is a look at some key contests in this phase:uttar pradeshvaranasiin the ring: modi (bjp), shalini yadav (sp), ajay rai (congress) and atiq ahmed (independent)quick take: prime minister modi is again contesting from here, which most observers say, will be a one-sided contest.
;;-0.4767;;2014 results: the bjp prime ministerial candidate modi defeated his nearest rival aam aadmi partys arvind kejriwal by a margin of 3.
;;0.6369;;sads rakhra sees modi magic as his best bet.
;;0.5719;;chauhan is seeking votes in name of modi whereas yadav, whose father subhash yadav had won almost all elections from the region, on the work done by the congress government in the last four months.
;;-0.7506;;the passport of rape accused uttar pradesh minister gayatri prajapati was impounded on saturday and a look-out notice was issued against him, hours after prime minister modi accused the samajwadi party and the congress of chanting gayatri prajapati mantra.
;;-0.2944;;gandhi also took a sharp dig at his party colleagues for the electoral drubbing the congress received, saying he had stood completely alone in the fight against prime minister modi and the rashtriya swayamsewak sangh (rss).
;;0.0258;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 10:58 istwest bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is likely to meet prime minister modi in new delhi on wednesday, people familiar with the matter said, setting political circles abuzz in west bengal.
;;0.0258;;speaking on condition of anonymity, a tmc leader familiar with the matter said banerjee plans to discuss administrative issues with modi.
;;0.4019;;in a social media post, bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader pushapraj added chowkidar to negis name seeking votes for prime minister modi on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, 563 kilometres away in varanasi, the campaign managers of prime minister modi have given a similar call, fixing 700,000 as his victory margin.
;;0.8176;;read: sp chief akhilesh yadav looks to continue legacy in azamgarhafter his show of strength before filing his nomination papers in varanasi on april 26, modi had given a subtle message to his party workers to ensure his victory at every booth.
;;0.4215;;on the claim by modi and mulayam camps, he said, both are popular.
;;0.3818;;senior congress leader digvijaya singh, who contested from the bhopal seat against thakur, said prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah should apologise over thakurs remark.
;;0.3612;;the importance of haridwar, bordering uttar pradesh, can be gauged from the fact that both prime minister modi and congress vice-president rahul gandhi visited the religious city to galvanise voters.
;;0.0;;rawat vs modilike in most parts of the state, the bjp here has pitted modi against rawat and pushed its local candidate to the sidelines.
;;-0.5267;;we will vote for modi and his work, said mange ram of bhogpur village, accusing rawat of ignoring the plains even though he represented the region in the lok sabha in 2009.
;;-0.1803;;when told that modi could not be the chief minister, ramkant, another villager, argued that he would give the state a good administrator who will not be corrupt like rawat.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi arrived in dehradun on saturday to inaugurate the combined commanders conference, an official said.
;;0.0;;modi would be in the hill state for over six hours, the official told ians.
;;0.4019;;he alleged that prime minister modi modis intention behind demonetisation was to support corporates.
;;0.6249;;the whole intent of modi was to support the digital transaction corporate sector of master card, visa, paytm, wherein a growing economy like india is service charged and merchant discount rate will run into thousands of crores annually (sic), he said.
;;0.0772;;in a breather to prime minister modi , the supreme court on wednesday rejected a plea for probing the alleged payoffs by the birla-sahara groups when he was the gujarat chief minister.
;;0.2732;;in 2017, prime minister modi had famously coined the phrase harvard versus hard work when dismissing the forecasts of well-known economists like amartya sen about the impact of demonetisation.
;;-0.3612;;also read | many surgical strikes during upas tenure, says former pm manmohan singhht also asked dr singh if he identified with prime minister modi when it came to coming from modest backgrounds.
;;0.0;;if modi once sold tea to make ends meet, dr singh is from a migrant family from pakistan and walked miles to school every day.
;;-0.8934;;modi steps inprime minister modi on monday condemned ravinders killing and directed the authorities to punish the culprits.
;;-0.2023;;jat protesters in rohtak and adjoining districts on sunday burnt effigies of bjp leaders, including prime minister modi and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar, and observed black holi at the ongoing dharnas to press for their demands, including reservation and withdrawal of cases against the community youths in connection with last years stir.
;;0.4767;;pm modi also had to invoke former prime minister and jat leader charan singhs name in his speech during an election rally to woo farmers and the jat community, he said.
;;-0.2263;;as the yogi adityanath-led government took over in uttar pradesh, prime minister modi today said the sole mission and motive is development of the state, in an apparent bid to allay apprehensions over the hardline hindutva mascot becoming the chief minister.
;;0.6124;;we want to serve ups youth & create opportunities for them, modi added.
;;0.5994;;he also said the government of prime minister modi was taking steps to ensure incentives for those who entered the tax net.
;;-0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 29, 2019 05:34 istcongress leader shashi tharoor on wednesday challenged his critics to point out a single statement of his praising prime minister modi after the partys kerala unit issued him a show-cause notice following protests from state mps .
;;0.6542;;akhilesh is hot favouritedespite the family feud, chief minister akhilesh yadav remained a hot favourite with girls but they were also happy with prime minister modi and gave a big thumbs up to demonetisation.
;;0.4767;;we admire pm modi and his pro-poor policies.
;;0.0;;but modi will not contest the poll in up.
;;0.0;;modi will dedicate countrys second multi model terminal built at sahibganj to the nation, inaugurate newly constructed state-of-the-art assembly building in ranchi and lay the foundation of new secretariat building in jharkhand capital.
;;0.0;;at niti aayog meetinggehlot also asked prime minister modi to declare the eastern rajasthan canal project (ercp) a national project.
;;0.0;;narendra modi was the chief minister of gujarat at that time.
;;0.0;;this is also to bring transparency in the selection process and young contestants in consonance with prime minister modi modis new india campaign, said tiwari.
;;0.6124;;on the khadi calendars and diaries row, owaisi said though prime minister modi claims to be a follower of mahatma gandhi but when he got a chance he replaced the father of the nation on the symbols as he deemed it to be a fit time to hold the charkhathe hyderabad mp also hit out at the pm over the foreign policy, saying before getting elected to the post modi had said he would give a befitting reply to pakistan but such a response was still to come even after the martyrdom of 28 jawans following the surgical strike.
;;0.0;;on the penultimate day of campaigning on wednesday, prime minister modi is addressing four rallies and congress president rahul gandhi is holding corner meetings in bengaluru.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/fden4szj2d  siddaramaiah (@siddaramaiah) may 9, 20189pm: pm modi ends his address at bidar.
;;0.0;;50pm: congress keeps asking what modi has done but it must tell the people of karnataka what its government has done in the last five years for the people of the state, pm says.
;;0.0;;05pm: pm modi does mann ki baat.
;;-0.4215;;43pm: the prime minister says he fails to understand why only modi is the agenda of the congress only modi.
;;0.6486;;but he only kept saying modi and praised modi too.
;;0.0;;36pm: pm modi begins address at rally in belagavi.
;;0.0;;50pm: modi ends his address at chikmagalur.
;;-0.5267;;17pm: rahul gandhi says that while prime minister modi will pay his tribute to br ambedkar, he stays quiet when people from sc and st communities are attacked.
;;0.0;;people will throw out modi and the bjp from karnataka first, followed by rajasthan and madhya pradesh, gandhi said.
;;0.0;;2pm: pm modi begins his address at chikmagalur.
;;0.0;;what he said needs attention, says modi.
;;0.5719;;modi refers to senior congress leader m veerappa moilys tweet suggesting money plays a role in his party deciding who gets the ticket for upcoming elections in karnataka.
;;0.0;;23am: to remove modi , there are big meetings being held.
;;0.0;;56am: prime minister modi begins his address at a rally in bangarapet.
;;0.6124;;party leaders joined an opposition parties march to protest against demonetisation and also led a delegation to the finance minister as well as prime minister modi to press their demand.
;;0.0;;8:45pm: prime minister modi congratulates e palaniswami on becoming the tamil nadu chief minister.
;;0.8658;;editorialsupdated: aug 27, 2019 19:10 istit has taken one month for united states president donald trump to go from claiming prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on kashmir to declaring it was a matter best left for india and pakistan to resolve on their own.
;;0.7351;;a couple of days after celebrating his third year in power, prime minister modi on sunday welcomed constructive criticism of his governments performance because such an action strengthens democracy.
;;0.3182;;employment generation was a key promise of the modi government.
;;0.0;;addressing his first mann ki baat in his fourth year of power, modi spoke at length on the plurality of india in the backdrop of the holy month of ramzan.
;;0.296;;we have adapted ourselves to myriad kinds of ideologies, various ways of worship, and imbibed the art of co-existential living, modi added.
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi visited jethmalanis residence and said that the courageous advocate never shied from expressing his views.
;;-0.34;;days after prime minister modi accused indian doctors of having a nexus with pharmaceutical companies for unethical rewards, the indian medical association (ima) hit back with claims that modis madison square meeting was co-organised by a leading pharmaceutical company.
;;0.0;;now that the uttar pradesh elections are almost over, modi is returning to business to usual with pakistan by reversing himself on issues that he has politically milked dry, said a strategic affairs expert.
;;-0.296;;the two countries are also taking a lenient view on the issue of prisoners, and prime minister modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif are expected to attend the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) summit in astana in june.
;;0.0;;strategic affairs expert brahma chellaney told hindustan times: now that the uttar pradesh elections are almost over, modi is returning to business to usual with pakistan by reversing himself on issues that he has politically milked dry.
;;-0.8519;;the indus waters commissioners have met 112 times since 1960, but the modi government resorted to an unprecedented review of the indus waters treaty to make full use of water that legally belongs to india and raised the rhetoric that blood and water cannot flow together to protest against cross-border terrorism.
;;-0.4019;;it has been the same under modi  from his friendship with nawaz sharif to the surgical strike on terrorists.
;;0.128;;on may 6, shia clerics and citys heritage enthusiasts had written to prime minister modi demanding a check on pre- and post-wedding shoots at bada imambara.
;;-0.6705;;during his last visit, which was days after the note ban announced by the modi government, he had also stopped at bank at santacruz in mumbai and interacted with people standing in queues.
;;-0.9153;;their depiction of modi since 2002 as an anti-muslim right wing hindu nationalist, a product of the sinister rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) hindutva ideology, has made many in the media, academic, literary and civil society circles abroad believe the propaganda about fascist trends in india, damaging indias soft power.
;;0.0;;unsurprisingly, the economist, the new york times and liberation (french) have written disparagingly about modi , frequently through indian-origin commentators.
;;0.0;;bracketing modi with putin, whom the west demonises, serves a dual purpose.
;;0.0;;preparations are in full swing in uttarakhands chardham in view of president pranab mukherjees visit to badrinath on may 6, which will be preceded by prime minister modi modis trip to kedarnath, officials said.
;;0.0;;modi will visit kedarnath on may 3 to attend the ceremony to mark the opening of the shrine gates.
;;0.0;;arrangements relating to the helipad where the chopper carrying modi would land had been put in place, they said.
;;-0.7184;;while criticising prime minister modi in his address at ulgulaan rally in ranchi on march 2 this year, gandhi had wondered why names of all thieves end with modi.
;;0.0;;he was referring to nirav modi and others along with modi modi.
;;0.0;;following gandhis remark, a ranchi-based lawyer pramod modi filed a case against the congress leader in the court of judicial magistrate vipul kumar.
;;0.0;;referring to the prime ministers frequent references to the alliance as mahamilawati, mayawati said, we are not mahamilawati, it is prime minister modi who is mahamilawati.
;;-0.6705;;also read | instead of punishing those guilty for 1984 riots, congress rewards them: pm modiboth have the same nature and character, she said, adding that modi was trying to create a rift in the alliance and that the voters should not fall prey to this designs.
;;-0.3612;;rlds ajit singh, speaking last, said that the bjp and pm modi had seen the writing on the wall and that all colour was drained from his face.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 12, 2019 10:35 istpramod kumar mishra was appointed principal secretary to prime minister modi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;he replaces nripendra misra who served as principal secretary to modi until august 30.
;;0.0;;while everyone knows pk mishra has worked closely with prime minister modi , the association goes back to when he served as the principal secretary to the then gujarat cm.
;;-0.6249;;thats when he was again appointed by modi as the head of the gujarat electricity regulatory commission and was heading the gujarat institute of disaster management (gidm) when he got the call in 2014 to come serve in the prime ministers office (pmo).
;;-0.34;;he also stressed that prime minister modi did not seek zakir naiks extradition when the two leaders met earlier this month.
;;0.0;;the malaysian prime ministers new stand is contrary to indias official position that pm modi did raise zakir naiks extradition and the two leaders decided to let the officials work on the details.
;;0.7501;;(karun sharma/ht)10: 47 am: wishing you the very best in working for punjabs development, prime minister modi congratulates capt amarinder singh on twitter.
;;0.4023;;this means they cant be rejected by the rajya sabha, where prime minister modi modis government doesnt have a majority.
;;0.4588;;in his response, sisodia tweeted: welcome to the field mr modi.
;;-0.4019;;the citys ruling aam aadmi party (aap) has accused prime minister modi of using central agencies and the lieutenant governor, who reports to the centre, to harass the government of chief minister arvind kejriwal.
;;0.4019;;also read: tesla seeks apples help to nail robocar-secrets thiefin 2015, prime minister modi visited tesla headquarters at palo alto, california and met musk who gave modi a tour of the companys electric car plant.
;;-0.7674;;dmk working president mk stalin had led a protest in chennai on friday over the ban where he targeted prime minister modi for allegedly not giving time for aiadmk mps to discuss the jallikattu issue.
;;0.6124;;rathi said: minister jaitleys second visit to the uk in a year underlines the success of the business and financial partnership between the uk and india and builds on recent landmark visits by prime minister theresa may to india and prime minister modi to the uk.
;;0.0;;jaitley is on a four-day visit, mainly to represent prime minister modi at queen elizabeth's reception at buckingham palace on monday evening to launch the india-uk year of culture.
;;-0.7003;;ringing in the new year 2018, prime minister modi exhorted citizens on sunday to aim for a new india that is free from poison of casteism, communalism, terrorism and corruption.
;;-0.7906;;modi also mentioned the inspiring story of anjum bashir khan khattak, who extricated himself from the sting of terrorism and hatred, and topped in kashmir administrative examination.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi also said a cleanliness survey will be conducted from the january 4 to march 10 to evaluate achievements in the cleanliness of urban areas.
;;0.0;;modernisation of madrasas is in line with prime minister modi modis plan that he laid out in run-up to lok sabha elections in 2014.
;;0.4939;;hold quran in one hand and computer in other, prime minister modi had said.
;;0.0258;;prime minister modi will skip the makeshift ram temple and hanuman garhi temple on his maiden visit to ayodhya as pm for an election rally on may 1, people familiar with the matter in the bjp said on monday.
;;-0.4767;;modi had addressed an election rally in ayodhya in 2014 also as the bjps prime ministerial candidate but he did not visit the makeshift ram temple at the disputed site.
;;0.0;;mahant nritya gopal das, head of the ram janmabhoomi nyas, said he wanted pm modi to offer prayers at the makeshift ram temple when he visits ayodhya on may 1.
;;0.0;;in case, pm modi does not visit ayodhya, then amit shah must visit ram mandir if he lands in ayodhya before may 6, he added.
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi , in his tweet, also called it a victory of gender justice that will further equality in society.
;;0.0;;the up ke ladke slogan has been chosen as the alliance theme ostensibly to target pm modi who hails from gujarat but is now an mp from uttar pradesh.
;;0.34;;the bjp is aware that the congress could play up the bahari (outsider) theme against modi.
;;0.6597;;in bihar polls too the grand alliance against bjp of which congress was a part had played up the bihari vs bahari theme to target modi.
;;0.0;;stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times, prime minister modi said on sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court, saving time and money.
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi and chief justice of india js khehar light the ceremonial lamp at the closing ceremony of the sesquicentennial celebrations of the allahabad high court on sunday.
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi , chief justice of india js khehar, union minister ravi shankar prasad, up governor ram naik and cm yogi adityanath at the sesquicentennial celebrations of allahabad high court on sunday.
;;0.5267;;pm modi , chief justice of india js khehar, up governor ram naik and cm yogi adityanath release a souvenir at the sesquicentennial celebrations of the allahabad high court on sunday.
;;0.0;;the three-day summit, to be inaugurated by prime minister modi on february 18, is the states big economic push after it hosted the pms make in india initiative in 2016.
;;0.4019;;not before that, he addednarayan burman, 92, from assam said that prime minister modi was striving to realise bapu's dreams.
;;-0.6534;;responding to another question, joshi said while the indian government led by prime minister modi has done quite well, but it has completely neglected the education and health sectors.
;;0.0;;the bjp went into a close huddle on friday evening to finalise the strategy for its campaign, which will be headlined by prime minister modi and fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;she also took on prime minister modi and turned bharatiya janata party chief amit shahs metaphorical kasab, an acronym for the hindi pronunciation of congress-sp-bsp, on its head.
;;0.0;;former congress president rahul gandhi will appear before a court in patna on saturday in connection with a defamation suit filed against him by bihar deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi.
;;-0.4215;;the senior bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader had filed the case before the chief judicial magistrates (cjm) court here in april, taking exception to a snide remark made by gandhi at an election rally in karnatakas kolar district that all thieves had the surname modi -- referring to prime minister modi , bank-fraud accused nirav modi and former indian premier league (ipl) commissioner lalit modi.
;;-0.2023;;a survey conducted by angus reid institute (ari) found that 75  of canadians polled were unaware of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.3182;;that level of lack of familiarity with modi is similar to that in a 2014 poll conducted by ari.
;;0.4588;;however, since then, modi has been on a state visit to canada in 2015 and had a bilateral engagement with prime minister justin trudeau in new delhi this february.
;;0.0;;aris executive director shachi kurl felt this was because the focus of how the canadian public related to the trudeau visit to india was on the canadian prime minister and his gaffes  and less on the relationship with modi.
;;-0.395;;we dont have data, but i might speculate that modi isnt an english-speaking fixture in the western media, nor does he attract a lot of notoriety in the western and european press.
;;0.0;;canadians recognise the relationship it has with india, via the diaspora, and through business ties, but modi is not a big personality or celebrity in canada the way he is at home, kurl said.
;;0.7579;;of the small number that recognised modi , the three attributes they most associated him with were influential, strategic and strong.
;;0.8126;;on december 31, 2016, prime minister modi announced an additional subsidy on home loan interest rates, saying that the government will facilitate 4  and 3  interest rate rebate for housing loans of up to rs 9 lakh and rs 12 lakh, respectively.
;;0.4404;;a mumabi-based lawyer, who was lauded on sunday by prime minister modi for the cleanliness work at versova beach, thanked the prime minister saying his words will act as a morale booster.
;;0.4939;;afroz shah, a 36-year-old lawyer at the bombay high court, was praised by modi during the radio programme mann ki baat for the cleanliness work done by him and his team to transform the beach.
;;0.4215;;most exit polls sunday forecast another term for prime minister modi , with some of them projecting that bjp-led nda will get more than 300 seats to comfortably cross the majority mark of 272 in the lok sabha.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet, chaired by prime minister modi , discussed threadbare the four draft legislation--central gst (cgst), integrated gst (igst), compensation rule and union territories gst (ut-gst) bills--and approved them at a meeting.
;;-0.0258;;the modi government is racing against time to roll out gst from july, after successive governments have missed several deadlines.
;;0.3818;;the modi government has been able to bring all states on board, overcoming almost a decade of political differences on how to replace a multi-layered set of central and state taxes and levies with a unified nationwide gst.
;;0.5574;;the election commission (ec) will submit on monday its report on a biopic on prime minister modi to the supreme court.
;;-0.1027;;the film producers challenged the ecs order to not release the eponymous film on pm modi during the current lok sabha elections.
;;0.3612;;nor was it a vote for the leadership of prime minister modi , as many political pundits would like us to believe.
;;0.5574;;income tax and intelligence officials have launched an investigation to see if an organised racket virtually home delivered new banknotes from government presses or the central bank to people within days of prime minister modi scrapping high-value bills.
;;0.0;;the two presses printed about 52 million pieces of notes a day since modi demonetised 1000-and 500-rupee notes on november 8.
;;0.0258;;she, however, had largely backed the economic agenda of prime minister modi , barring her objection to the goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.6124;;prior to november 8, the day prime minister modi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes, around rs 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 atms.read | 50 days of demonetisation: atm queues shorter but ripples to remain in januarythough cash situation is better, queues can still be seen outside several atm kiosks, primarily due to withdrawal restrictions  rs 4,500 per day and rs 24,000 a week.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi is expected to visit the united states in september for the upcoming un general assembly meetings and along with his usual interactions at the world body and other leaders on the sidelines, he is likely to address indian americans at an event in houston, houston.
;;-0.128;;pm modi has been to either as prime minister and houston beat chicago because, it was argued, chicago got the chance to host vice-president venkaiah naidu in 2018, for the world hindu congress.
;;0.7184;;ali had won the by-poll from deoband on a congress ticket with strong support of senior congress leader imran masood, who came into focus for his hate speech against prime minister modi during 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.3818;;he said it was clear from the past two to three years of the bjp government at the centre that prime minister modi did what he said.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 20, 2019 13:31 istdid you know that prime minister modi authored a book peelu phool on untouchability and discrimination in his youth?
;;0.6004;;one of the posters declare when modi went to his mother to seek her blessing before taking over as the chief minister in 2011, she took a promise from modi that he will never accept bribe.
;;0.7351;;another poster at these exhibition claims modi draws inspiration from benjamin franklin, one of the founding fathers of the united states, besides others such as swami vivekananda, mahatma gandhi, b r ambedkar, vinayak damodar savarkar.
;;0.3612;;it claims modi plunged into anti-emergency movement, and his organisational skills and leadership qualities became an asset for the pro-democracy movement.
;;0.0;;modi is a sensitive writer, thinker and a prolific poet and he has a gujarati poetry collection called aankh aa dhanyache and he also wrote other books such as samajik samrasta and sakshibhav, shows the exhibition.
;;0.4019;;seeking to scale up the demand for an independent balochistan, mir suleiman ahmedzai, who holds the title of khan of kalat, took his cause to britains house of lords and told the media that prime minister modi was a friend of balochistan.
;;-0.765;;modi had referred to rights violations in balochistan and other parts of pakistan, angering the government in islamabad.
;;0.0;;ahmedzai said: we have passed on our message to modi through the media and without the media.
;;0.0;;some bpcc leaders said that rahul had offered to visit sasaram on the same day, but local leaders requested him to reschedule the programme in view of prime minister modi modis public meeting there on the same day.
;;-0.5719;;arvind rana, president of sarva shiksha abhiyan teachers welfare association, was suspended with immediate effect by the ut education department on wednesday for his social media posts prejudicial to the interest of the government and allegedly against prime minister modi modi.
;;0.9136;;coming from nowhere, prime minister modi modis party has won more than 190 seats, or 35 , of 538 seats that have so far polled, and the winning ratio keeps getting better with each round, according to unofficial results.
;;0.0;;that is why modi was quick to react.
;;-0.128;;rise of bjp worries congressnot a flash in the pan: since prime minister modi came to power in 2014, the bjp has assiduously worked to expand its footprint in odisha.
;;0.0;;as pm, modi has gone there four times.
;;-0.7629;;columnsupdated: aug 30, 2019 18:14 istpresident donald trump will not easily forget prime minister modi modis unequivocal rejection of his offer to mediate the kashmir dispute at the biarritz g-7.
;;-0.25;;even when making the mediation offer in response to an appeal from khan during their meeting at the white house in july, the us president was careful to note he was willing to mediate only because both sides had asked him and based it on a misinformed assumption that modi had made him the same request recently.
;;-0.7351;;businessupdated: aug 30, 2019 10:36 istindias path to economic recovery faces another obstacle, with prime minister modi asking the state road builder to stop constructing highways after its debt ballooned almost seven-fold over the past five years.
;;-0.4404;;however this came with the burden of escalating costs, leaving nhai increasingly dependent on the government for financial support at a time when modi is looking to contain his budget deficit.
;;-0.5106;;weak private sector participation pushed modi to scrap this practice and he permitted nhai to bear as much as 100  of the costs in certain road projects that led to ballooning debt.
;;-0.25;;just days after prime minister modi talked about roti banks and how this concept could mitigate or at least contribute in mitigating hunger from the country, the first such bank is all set to roll out in patna.
;;0.3818;;read:eat what you order: modi government to fix portions of food served in hotelsthe byf will accept the donated food, only vegetarian, in tiffin boxes.
;;0.0;;here are some samples of the yogis decisions that may give you a sense of dj vu:biometric attendance in offices: it was first started in central government offices by the modi government and now implemented in up.
;;0.0;;100-day agenda: after modi took over the reins of the country, ministers and senior bureaucrats started preparing 100-day and 200-day action plans.
;;0.0;;government sources in delhi said that the centre was not inclined to guide the up administration even though the mandate in up was for modi and his developmental agenda.
;;0.0;;if you think otherwise, you dont know modi , a senior bureaucrat told ht.
;;0.5423;;prime minister modi on sunday hailed indian athletes, particularly women, for their stunning performance at the recently concluded commonwealth games in australia.
;;0.296;;thackeray, who is set to share the stage with prime minister modi in ausa on tuesday, said he would tell the pm about the shortcomings of the centres crop insurance scheme.
;;0.25;;addressing a poll rally in meerut early this month, prime minister modi took on rival parties, accusing them of corruption.
;;-0.5719;;narendra modi stood for negative dalit man, she said at an election rally.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and president donald turmp have also spoken twice over phone but havent met.
;;0.34;;there was a need to engage them in view of the changed political climaterepublicans in charge of both congress and the white house now, different from the last time indians had courted the hill in a big way when modi addressed a joint session last summer.
;;-0.4767;;gandhis campaign themes  focusing on alleged irregularities in the rafale deal, his chowkidar chor hai slogan directed at pm modi , and criticism of demonetisation and goods and services tax -- too failed to woo the voters.
;;-0.0516;;the inability of the congress and other opposition parties to project a challenger to modi also seems to have hurt the party.
;;0.7096;;on the other hand, modi ran an emotional campaign and that worked well he said.
;;0.1531;;beyond the oppositions mistakes, the one-sided results point to the triumph of prime minister modi modis appeal across urban and rural constituencies.
;;0.4404;;i had been saying through the polls there is a silent wave in favour of prime minister modi that will turn into a tsunami, fadnavis said on thursday.
;;-0.0258;;the middle-class and the poor, across urban and rural areas, were enthused to vote for pm modi.
;;0.2617;;daata ram and singh sit on different points on the countrys income spectrum but, in their collective discontent, the two symbolise the rising pressure on prime minister modi to deliver on his emotive election vow to bring achhe din, or good times, to indians.
;;0.4228;;1 budget was a chance for modi to unveil measures that would fulfil his 2014 guarantee of growth and more jobs, a task made all the more tough by his abrupt decision to drain out 86  of all cash in the economy in his fight against illicit wealth.
;;0.2732;;its also a challenge that is urgent, given that modi has already crossed the halfway point of his tenure.
;;0.8732;;read | budget 2017: akhilesh says bjp could not fulfil promise of achhe dinto his admirers, though, modi has already made great strides  from reinvigorating the ossified hand of a government system that hobbled progress to biting the bullet on tough decisions needed to pull indias economy out of a dangerous morass.
;;0.0;;i voted for modi.
;;-0.2607;;i dont feel like giving him even one), he says, adding modi had only done well on dealing with pakistan.
;;0.0;;modi has already started turning his attention to the hinterlands.
;;-0.34;;narendra modi stressed on jobs during his speeches in general election.
;;0.0;;let me begin with the bjp and prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4404;;modi knew that the burden of peoples expectations is both heavy and fluid.
;;-0.34;;these elections will prove to be a trial by fire for modi who has completed half his term.
;;-0.7906;;if someone raised a hue and cry about keeping things under wraps, modi had a solid retort in the fear of loss of confidentiality.
;;0.8481;;clearly the saffron party believes it can win these elections riding on brand modi.
;;-0.6908;;read: inside the bjp machine: the up designif the bjp loses these elections, particularly in uttar pradesh, the biggest loser will be brand modi.
;;0.8442;;mishra says he is inspired by prime minister modi modis statement: lets further increase the use of technology in our daily lives and to make a positive difference to our society.
;;0.0;;srinarayan patel, the head of prime minister modi modis adopted village jayapur, was not very familiar with whatsapp earlier.
;;0.8074;;recently, the national-award winning actor akshay met prime minister modi and shared the theme and title of the movie, which reportedly made the latter smile.
;;-0.7964;;last year, during the independence day speech, prime minister modi made a remark of alleged human rights violation by pakistan in balochistan, which started a war of words from both sides.
;;0.6705;;prime minister modi would assess the progress of centrally funded schemes being implemented in uttarakhand during chief minister trivendra singh rawats visit to delhi on monday as part of the bjps spadework for the next general elections, party insiders said.
;;0.6705;;party insiders said modi would also meet the chief ministers of all about 18 bjp-ruled states to assess the progress of the centrally funded welfare schemes and projects.
;;0.0;;a state bjp leader, however, said modi would review the schemes pertaining to agriculture and horticulture among others.
;;0.7351;;prime minister modi lured investors with the promise of progressive policies while inaugurating on tuesday the eighth edition of the vibrant gujarat global summit, a biennial business meet he had launched as the states chief minister in 2003.
;;0.8176;;he described prime minister modi as a great transformative leader who transformed gujarat and is now transforming india with a series of historic and visionary initiatives.
;;0.7096;;some years ago i got the fortune and good luck of moving our car factory to gujarat and soon again with the leadership of modi , gujarat has become one of the hubs of car manufacturing in india, he said.
;;0.0;;as in earlier phases, this time too prime minister modi tweeted urging voters to break record of previous three phases.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has asked for the details of all the union ministers who did not attend parliament despite being asked to be present for the session, pulling up bjp members for the second time this month.
;;0.2144;;pm modi made the comments on tuesday during the weekly meeting of the bjp parliamentary party and asked for the names of ministers whose names were there on the roster for parliament duty but did not come.
;;0.0;;modi had also talked about lax attendance by linking it to promotions.
;;0.4215;;according to an official statement, the cabinet, chaired by prime minister modi , approved the jammu and kashmir reservation (second amendment) bill, 2019.
;;0.0;;a decision in this regard was taken at the meeting of cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) headed by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.9042;;patna bihar chief minister nitish kumar has accepted an invite to a luncheon planned by prime minister modi in honour of mauritian premier pravind jugnauth on saturday, setting off speculation that the janata dal united (jd-u) is on the verge of breaking away from the grand alliance.
;;0.6705;;the invitation was to parties, not individualswhile jd-u spokesperson neeraj kumar claimed kumar could not attend gandhis meeting in delhi due to prior engagements in patna, including a vital cabinet meet, senior state bjp leader modi has said, it is obvious that kumar cannot continue with a scam-tainted ally such as lalu prasad.
;;-0.1027;;while the jd-u continues to blast the centre for not keeping its word on providing central allocations to ease bihars financial woes, kumars emphasis on political principles (which, incidentally, was the cause for his split with the bjp after modi was nominated as its prime ministerial candidate) may just bring about yet another tie-up with the nda.
;;-0.2263;;such a possibility would become even more imminent if the rjd scam gets murkier, or if his emergence as the possible candidate of a united opposition against modi comes into question.
;;-0.7717;;also read:indias auto parts makers warn of 1 million job cuts if slowdown continuesprime minister modi modis 2016 ban on high-value bank notes, higher tax rates under a new goods and services tax regime, a boom of ride-sharing firms such as uber and ola, and a weak rural economy have all played a role.
;;0.3818;;early recovery unlikelywith the autos sector employing more than 35 million people directly and indirectly, and contributing more than 7  to indias gdp and accounting for 49  of its manufacturing gdp, the fallout from the autos slump is huge and presents a big challenge to prime minister modi modis government as it begins its second term.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah, congress president rahul gandhi, cingress general secretary prinyanka gandhi vadra and union ministers rajnath singh and nitin gadkari were among those who campaigned in the state.
;;0.296;;the akali-bjp alliance tried to highlight that justice was done to the riot survivors during modi government.
;;0.4939;;former lok sabha member nana patole, who questioned prime minister modi for his style of functioning, also played a vital role in the victory of nationalist congress partys (ncp) madhukar kukde in the bhandara-gondiya by-elections.
;;0.6028;;businessupdated: sep 06, 2019 20:30 iststressing that prime minister modi modis government has not forgotten the vision of nine per cent (usd$5 trillion economy) growth, a slew of steps are on the way to revive the economy, said member of parliament jayant sinha at ht-mintasia leadership summit 2019 in singapore on monday.
;;0.1027;;on the 5th international yoga day on friday, union defence minister rajnath singh participated in an early morning yoga session at rajpath here and said that yoga was one of the biggest achievements of cultural diplomacy by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;it was prime minister modi , who helped get yoga international recognition.
;;0.0;;also read: yoga belongs to everyone, everyone belongs to yoga: pm modi at mega event in ranchiunion home minister amit shah and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar performed yoga in rohtak.
;;0.0;;rosneft had wanted to finalise the deal in early june at the st petersburg forum, which indian prime minister modi is attending.
;;0.8687;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 10:15 istlike every year, qamar mohsin shaikh wishes the very best for her brother prime minister modi on rakha bandhan being celebrated on thursday.
;;0.0;;shaikh, the pakistan origin woman married to an indian, has been tying rakhi to prime minister modi every year for more than two decades now.
;;0.0;;follow independence day live updates hereshaikh, reports say, met pm modi when he was a rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) worker during one of her visits to delhi with her husband, a painter.
;;0.0;;the four mps --ys chowdary alias sujana chowdary, tg venkatesh, cm ramesh and garikapati mohan rao  also met prime minister modi and amit shah before quitting the tdp.
;;0.1027;;parrikar was goa chief minister before joining the modi government as defence minister in november 2014.
;;0.0;;the final call on parrikars return will be taken at a meeting of the bjp parliamentary board headed by prime minister modi on sunday evening.
;;0.0;;the bjp had projected parrikar as its face in goa but didnt declare him the chief ministerial candidate because prime minister modi wanted him to continue in the union cabinet.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister modi modis government introduced new bankruptcy resolution rules in 2016 to help with faster resolution of bad loans, but litigation has tied down some big restructuring deals.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 09, 2019 07:25 istprime minister modi on sunday lauded a 16-year-old boy priyavrata for becoming the youngest person to pass the mahapariksha examination.
;;0.0;;modi stated in a tweet.
;;0.25;;co/jigfw7jwwi  modi (@narendramodi) september 8, 2019the prime ministers reply was in response to a tweet posted by a person, chamu krishna shastry, stating, history was created yesterday by 16-year-old priyavrata son of smt aparna and sri devadatta patil while studying veda and nyaya from his father, he studied all vyakarana maha granthas from sri mohana sharma and passed 14 levels of tenali pariksha, youngest to pass the mahapariksha.
;;-0.4149;;prime minister modi on friday said that india will not allow its differences with china to turn into disputes.
;;0.6486;;while the proposals submitted have been comprehensive and minutely detailed, one can remain expectant and hopeful that many of these recommendations will finally see the light of day either in todays launch by prime minister modi or subsequently in the budget due next month.
;;-0.5423;;ara as emerged as the centre for a decisive fight between rightist and left forces, because of cpi-ml(liberation)s relentless struggle against prime minister modi modis failure to deliver on [the ruling partys] promises, be it employment, farm sector, and repatriation of black money, said dm diwakar, former director of the an sinha institute of social sciences and a social scientist.
;;-0.7506;;imtiyaz ahmad, a bike mechanic and resident of daulatpur under ara block, said, although rk singh has done a lot, but the modi government is a failure on the employment issue.
;;-0.6731;;read: now, centre says it reiterated upa position on netaji death, issue not closedhe has sought an appointment with prime mister modi , who is presently travelling abroad, to press for this demand.
;;-0.875;;read: netaji died in 1945 aircrash, says centre in rti reply; family demands probethe recent rti disclosure from the central government, declaring that netaji died in the plane crash, has earned severe criticism not only from the members of the bose family, but also from the bengal unit of bjp, which feared chief minister mamata banerjee would use it to her advantage against the modi government.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 11, 2019 17:02 istmuslim women in varanasi have sent rakhis to prime minister modi who is also the mp from this lok sabha constituency.
;;0.4019;;elated by parliaments nod to the triple talaq bill, which criminalises instant divorce among muslims, the women sent hand-made rakhis to modi and called him their elder brother who protected them from the evil practice.
;;0.0;;huma bano of rampura said: it was only because of modi that triple talaq is criminalized.
;;0.7579;;new delhi: bharatiya janata partys win at the uttar pradesh and uttarakhand assembly elections show the people support for prime minister modi modis development agenda, senior ministers said on saturday.
;;0.9042;;modi expressed gratitude to the people of india for the continued faith, support and affection for the bjp.
;;0.4389;;with this new religion, pm modi has unified the country!
;;0.4404;;mood of developing india (modi) is for making of developed india (modi) under leadership of pm modi , seen as only hope of aspiring india, he said.
;;0.2263;;twitter.com/5iv5qzoux4  bjp (@bjp4india) september 8, 2019earlier today, union home minister amit shah enumerated the historic decisions under prime minister modi modis decisive leadership during the first 100 days.
;;0.0;;the major decisions of modi 2.
;;0.25;;the nation worships hard work and valour, said pm modi in rohtak.
;;0.2382;;tamil nadu on thursday made a forceful appeal for an ordinance to skirt a ban on jallikattu but prime minister modi remained non-committal on the contentious issue, saying the matter was in the supreme court.
;;-0.8481;;chief minister o panneerselvam rushed to delhi for a meeting with modi as a wave of protests rocked the southern state with anger rising over the apex courts ban on the ancient bull-taming sport.
;;-0.5574;;(i) gave a letter to pm saying that ban on jallikattu must be lifted and centre should draft an ordinance on it, panneerselvam told reporters after a meeting with modi.
;;-0.5574;;however, neither modi nor panneerselvam explained how they would override the apex courts 2014 ban and its subsequent striking down of a centre notification allowing the sport.
;;0.3071;;taking on prime minister modi would be the ultimate battle, the best talking point of the 2019 poll exercise but is that what priyanka would want?
;;-0.128;;she has criticised modi for his numerous foreign trips, called out the promise of depositing rs 15 lakh in accounts of citizens as a jumla and even asked if modi ate biryani in pakistan.
;;-0.4404;;in short, she has been relentless in her attack on modi.
;;0.8119;;if priyanka has formally entered the political arena for good  she took her own time agreeing despite fervent calls from her party in the past  she has to earn her spurs and not be tempted by the prospect of a high-decibel contest that will make modi spend more time in varanasi than he ordinarily would.
;;0.3182;;during prime minister modi modis visit in november 2015, he showered fulsome praise on him and indias democratic credentials, but qualified it with a condition.
;;0.8402;;i am delighted to see all corporate leaders coming together for this cause and would like to congratulate each ceo for their absolutely commendable performance today, said modi , managing director, apac and middle east at monster.com.
;;0.5994;;more than 25,500 memorandum of understanding (mou) have been signed in three days of the eighth vibrant gujarat global summit 2017, a biennial business meet prime minister modi had launched as the states chief minister in 2003.
;;0.0;;in his inaugural address on tuesday, modi invited business leaders of around 100 countries to invest in india.
;;-0.296;;to avoid a controversy linked to such differences in investment when modi was preparing to run for the prime ministers chair, the gujarat government didnt declare the pledged figure at the end of 2013 summit.
;;0.128;;referring to prime minister modi modis appeal to first time voters that they should keep in mind the sacrifice of martyrs while casting vote, jaitley said no party or candidate was mentioned.
;;0.4019;;the election commission has given a clean chit to modi for his comments on demographic composition of wayanad.
;;-0.4588;;at a rally in uttar pradesh on saturday, modi in his speech attacked rahul gandhi by invoking his father former prime minister rajiv gandhi.
;;0.4019;;union ministers modi singh tomar and thaver chand gehlot, bjp national vice-president prabhat jha, national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya, chouhans ministerial colleagues and several senior party leaders flanked the chief minister, befitting the occasion.
;;0.1695;;he also did not forget to remind the gathering how concerned prime minister modi and bjp national president amit shah were about chief ministers health.
;;0.0;;however, this time, prime minister modi will get to choose the countrys leader.
;;-0.0772;;he also took potshots at prime minister modi for failing to fulfill his poll promises and putting millions to inconvenience with the currency recall decision.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference on sunday, akhilesh referred to the noida jinx and hinted that both prime minister modi and up chief minister yogi adityanath will not return to power as they went there to re-inaugurate the noida leg of delhi metro which he had already inaugurated.
;;0.4215;;the appointments committee of the cabinet (acc), headed by prime minister modi , approved the extension, said an order by the ministry of personnel.
;;0.765;;the scheme is now being implemented across 32 states and union territories, which is a demonstration of our commitment to the highest ideals of cooperative federalism, a proof of the historic mandate given to this government and the faith reposed in us by the people on may 23 when modi embarked upon his second innings as prime minister.
;;0.3919;;in 2014, he was declared a candidate from gautam budh nagar on a congress ticket but made a surprise exit just ahead of the polls and rejoined the bjp during an election rally held by prime minister modi in ghaziabad.
;;0.2732;;it has assumed new significance in the changing world, prime minister modi had said at the shangri la dialogue in singapore recently.
;;0.0;;following gandhis statement during the karnataka assembly poll campaign in bengaluru, prime minister modi said the congress president is day-dreaming.
;;0.5719;;pm modi has started remembering coalition dharma, we are happy about it.
;;-0.3182;;after aggressively pushing khadi at home, the modi government wants to take the homespun cotton abroad.
;;0.6597;;by promoting khadis use in offices, hospitals, railways and airlines, the modi government has scripted a turnaround for the homespun fabric closely associated with indias freedom struggle.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi been promoting the handloom fabric with the slogan khadi for nation, khadi for fashion.
;;0.0;;the cm met prime minister modi to seek permission to supply power to pakistan and nepal.
;;0.2263;;the cm also met pm modi to allow us to export power to pakistan, rana gurjit said.
;;0.5719;;the alliance in up cant be compared with the grand alliance of bihar where two strong leaders, nitish kumar and lalu yadav, had sunk their differences to stop modi led bjps victory march that conquered major states like maharashtra, haryana and jharkhand after occupying the north block.
;;0.7003;;in the absence of bjps cm face, the party will have to heavily bank on the popularity of prime minister modi and election management skills of bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;this reminds one of what an old muslim gentleman had said in bahraich in 2012 much before modi modis juggernaut had hit the roads.
;;0.6319;;prime minister modi told scientists to not lose heart and thanked them for the milestones achieved during this historic attempt.
;;0.4685;;also watch | chandrayaan 2: dont lost heart, says pm modi after vikram lander loses contact during descentin a tweet posted minutes after, he added, india is proud of our scientists!
;;0.0;;along with the scientists from the indian space research organisation, prime minister modi and over 70 children across india were at the isro telemetry, tracking and command network in bangaluru to watch the final moments.
;;-0.34;;ten medical associations and 453 doctors have appealed to prime minister modi against the karnataka high court (hc) order to repeal the rule stating that 85  of tobacco product packaging should contain pictorial warning.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister modi on sunday lashed out at the harish rawat-led congress government for poor development of a young state.
;;0.6369;;modi sought support from the people to root out congress and promised bjp, if voted to power, will bring a makeover in uttarakhand.
;;0.4019;;taking a dig at the sp-congress alliance in neighbouring uttar pradesh, modi rapped congress for slighting the sentiments of the highlanders by joining hands with samajwadi party.
;;0.0;;modi addressed his last rally at pithoragarh where he spoke few words in kumaoni in a bid to connect with the locals.
;;-0.4404;;a national-level netball player has approached prime minister modi and up chief minister yogi adityanath seeking a ban on triple talaq, joining the growing chorus against the social practice among muslims.
;;0.0;;modi in hismann ki baat programme called the practice anti-women.
;;0.6684;;none can be forced to chant what modi or bjp want, she said adding that west bengals culture has never been what the saffron party is trying to make it.
;;-0.765;;i will not chant the name of rotten modi or rotten bjp.
;;-0.6124;;watch: frustrated didi jailing those who chant jai sri ram: pm modi slams mamataa video has appeared in the social media that shows banerjee stopping her car at a place in west midnapore district and chasing some persons who chanted jai shri ram as her carcade was passing the area.
;;-0.5423;;prime minister modi addressing rallies at jhargram and tamluk in the state monday said that in bengal people are not allowed to chant jai shri ram and that saying it in public places is regarded as a crime here.
;;0.0;;alleging that prime minister modi was trying to do politics over cyclone fani, banerjee said if you (modi) think you will politicise it (cyclone) you must remember that i too understand politics.
;;0.3291;;the chief minister said that in 2015, 2016 and 2017 there were floods in the state but no relief was given to it by the modi government despite several demands by her.
;;0.1027;;criticising modi for pointing fingers at former prime minister rajiv gandhi, banerjee said that he should have shown respect for a departed leader.
;;-0.1027;;she questioned the language used by modi asking how can a prime minister say she is a tolabaj, (extortionist) you (modi) say tmc is tolabaj.
;;0.1027;;a five-year-old conglomerate of insurgent groups in manipur has called for a shutdown in the state to ensure prime minister modi has no listeners while campaigning for the bjp in imphal on saturday.
;;-0.3182;;we will go door to door and convince people to come out of negativity and contribute for the development of city under leadership of prime minister modi , tiwari said.
;;0.3182;;they hold prime minister modi responsible.
;;0.0;;but nothing moved modi enough to even come and talk to them.
;;-0.2263;;not letting up their protests against modi , more than 100 cauvery delta farmers plan to contest the lok sabha election against him in varanasi just to make a point.
;;-0.5994;;post chief minister j jayalalithaas death in 2016, the aiadmk government headed by edappadi palaniswami (eps) is perceived to be controlled directly by modi from delhi.
;;0.5106;;to top all injustices, there is the sense that a north indian politician modi is calling the shots in tamil nadu and in the process has made senior politicians like eps and o pannerselvam, bjp vassals, says stalin rajangam, a madurai-based dalit writer and researcher.
;;0.3089;;the world has increasingly become inter-connected and inter-dependent, a transformation that has made it necessary for india and china to cooperate on trade and investments despite a simmering border dispute, prime minister modi said on friday.
;;-0.4019;;modi was responding to a question whether indias opposition to chinas one belt one road project reflects deep discord in their relationship.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on friday presented specially made prints of paintings by legendary chinese artist xu beihong, who spent time at santiniketan, to president xi jinping during their informal summit.
;;0.0;;watch: pok a part of india, expect to have jurisdiction over it: jaishankarhe also virtually ruled out meetings between prime minister modi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan on the margins of the upcoming un general assembly in new york.
;;0.8225;;my best wishes in taking goa to new heights of progress, prime minister modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;the former indian off-spinner has even urged prime minister modi to intervene.
;;0.3182;;absolutely disgraceful &shame on @jetairways (sic), tweeted harbhajan, who went on to appeal to prime minister modi to intervene and make sure action is taken against the pilot.
;;0.0;;yeddyurappa said he will meet vala to stake claim after consulting prime minister modi and home minister amit shah.
;;-0.296;;the only other indian at the informal summit of prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping  it has already been announced that they will meet in private, without aides and written notes, and with no set agenda or pre-negotiated statements  will be r madhu sudan, first secretary (political) at the indian embassy in beijing.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister modi prefers to speak in hindi during most of his foreign engagements, and the presence of a translator/interpreter is critical.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis even wrote to prime minister modi , pushing for the site to be picked as indias nomination for a world heritage tag.
;;0.3818;;akash vijayvargiya, the bjps indore legislator who thrashed a municipal official, received a tongue lashing in-absentia from prime minister modi on tuesday who made it clear that he had taken a very dim view of his conduct.
;;0.4019;;pm modi did not name either of them at the meeting of bjps parliamentary party that has lawmakers from the lok sabha and rajya sabha on tuesday.
;;-0.5859;;pm modi referred to the video clip of the assault .
;;-0.6124;;the distraught parents of four-year-old aaradhya, who is suffering from a heart disease, wrote a letter to prime minister modi on thursday seeking financial help for her surgery.
;;0.4019;;aaradhyas parents feel that prime minister modi will definitely help their daughter as he did last year with vaishali, who also had the same problem.
;;0.25;;in 2016, a group of students created a flutter when they shouted slogans against prime minister modi while he was on dais during its convocation ceremony.
;;0.6734;;prime minister modi on saturday asked isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn and better tomorrow.
;;0.0;;the trend of the sixth phase will follow in the seventh which has 13 constituencies including varanasi, where prime minister modi is in the fray.
;;0.0;;data from reserved constituencies in both states indicated that dalits had voted on state-specific issues and based on the appeal of leaders such as congress amarinder singh and prime minister modi , instead of any pan-india narrative.
;;0.91;;bjp leaders credited modi for the inroads into the dalit votes, a remarkable turnaround considering the saffron party won just three reserved seats in the state the last time.
;;0.743;;it now remains to be seen whether the authorities heading the namami gange (clean ganga) mission, a pet project of prime minister modi launched to clean and revive the river, will extend it to states though which the rivers flow.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will meet chinas president xi jinping for the first time in nearly eight months at the margins of the sco summit in astana this morning  and it could be their testiest encounter yet.
;;0.5842;;despite these contentious issues, officials on both sides expressed some hope that modi and xi would at least try to put bilateral ties back on track in the lead-up to the brics summit in xiamen in september.
;;-0.2023;;modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif earlier exchanged pleasantries amid frosty bilateral ties, deadlocked talks and escalation of hostilities along the line of control in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.2732;;it was the first encounter between modi and sharif after their last meeting in lahore on december 25, 2015, when the indian prime minister made a surprise visit.
;;0.34;;diplomats noted that a recent statement from modi was welcomed by china last week.
;;-0.8225;;with india giving special focus to terrorism at the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit, modi will raise the issue of fighting terrorism in the region in a concerted manner.
;;0.0;;modi is likely to lay the foundation stone for the project at sabarmati, gujarat, next month.
;;0.0;;the chief minister recalled that prime minister modi had addressed a meeting at the same venue two years ago.
;;0.8316;;nitish had said, it is a day of great honour that prime minister modi is present for patna universitys centenary celebrations.
;;0.4215;;the chief minister had made the remarks while sharing the stage with prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.6369;;modi wondered why opposition parties were opposing the idea of new india, asking them not to thrust the people of the country towards negativity by opposing it, as this was a sin.
;;-0.8807;;modi noted that whether it is jharkhand, or west bengal or kerala, incidents of violence should be treated in the same manner and perpetrators of violence get a lesson that the entire country is one on this issue.
;;0.0;;(ht file photo)6) setting the agenda with modi: on march 21, adityanath went to delhi to meet prime minister modi to discuss distribution of portfolios to his ministers.
;;0.0;;modi, on march 23, ordered all mps not to interfere in transfers and postings.
;;-0.6369;;the congress and other opposition parties on thursday forced adjournment of rajya sabha twice demanding an apology from prime minister modi over his remarks insulting his predecessors.
;;0.6249;;with ruling benches countering them vociferously, congress and other opposition party members trooped into the well raising slogans demanding an apology from modi , which along with slogan shouting by aiadmk members created a din, forcing deputy chairman p j kurien to adjourn the house till noon.
;;-0.8176;;while sitaram yechury (cpi-m) said modi had used abusive language against his partys former general secretary, anand sharma (congress) said the prime minister had insulted the memory of former prime minister indira gandhi.
;;0.0;;iconic cartoon characters motu and patlu also performed yoga with prime minister modi here on the occasion of the fifth international yoga day.
;;0.0;;the characters were in the middle of the prabhat tara ground where modi participated in a massive yoga event comprising 30,000 people.
;;-0.4404;;in one of his sharpest attacks on the national democratic alliance governments policies and prime minister modi , congress president rahul gandhi on sunday said that the countrys watchman is silent on graft and predicted his partys victory in the upcoming round of assembly elections and next years lok sabha polls.
;;0.0772;;addressing his first public gathering in the national capital since taking over as the party president last december, the 47-year-old accused modi of making hollow promises and speaking lies during his nearly 35-minute speech in hindi at the well-attended jan aakrosh (public anger) rally at ramlila maidan.
;;0.0;;in his speech, gandhi alleged that the modi government was willing to waive off ?
;;0.0;;if the congress had not stood up, all the land of farmers would have been snatched by modi , he said.
;;-0.6229;;addressing the gathering, united progressive alliance chairperson sonia gandhi accused the modi government of betraying the people by not keeping its promises and alleged that corruption had taken deeper roots since it came to power in 2014.
;;-0.7096;;former prime minister manmohan singh said that democracy was in danger with the modi government consistently undermining constitutional institutions.
;;-0.4215;;prime minister modi modis shock decision last november to outlaw high value old banknotes took 86  of currency out of circulation virtually overnight.
;;0.3818;;5  growth in july-september before modi removed the oxygen of cash.
;;0.3818;;investment gridlocksince coming to power in may 2014, modi has ramped up public spending, hoping to boost weak private investments.
;;0.0;;shekhar didnt give any reason for quitting the sp, though he said he was drawn to the bjp due to the leadership of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1779;;prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping are expected to meet this week on the sidelines of sco summit in astana, amid growing differences between the two countries over a host of issues, including the china-pakistan economic corridor and nsg.
;;0.0;;sp chief akhilesh yadav took a dig at pm modi and said that in the 2014 lok sabha elections, the prime minister had come before the public as the chaiwala (tea-seller) and has now returned once again as the chowkidar (watchman).
;;0.0;;what has pm modi done in five years?
;;0.0;;with hardly 20 days left for the assembly polls, congress is yet to come up with its list of star campaigners even as the bjp has released a heavyweight list of over 40 star campaigners including prime minister modi and partys national president amit shah.
;;0.4019;;during his election rallies for the lok sabha elections in bengal, prime minister modi and amit shah, now the home minister, spoke about corruption in the ruling party.
;;-0.1531;;hailing prime minister modi modis speech at the second raisina dialogue, indias flagship geo-political conference, congress leader shashi tharoor on wednesday said that he has no ideological disagreement with the former on foreign policy, adding that hosting delegates from 65 countries is healthy affair from national point of view.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi yesterday in the second edition of the raisina dialogue said that usa and india will be keep on building the relationship further in regard to the strategic partnership and also pointed out that russia is an abiding friend and the partnership between the old allies has deepened.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi also highlighted the relations between india and china, saying that it is not unnatural for two large neighbouring powers to have some differences.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi told the 69 nations participating in the three-day dialogue that reforms would not be enough unless it transforms economy and society.
;;0.7184;;the bangladesh prime minister is banking on modi to push through the teesta water sharing agreement.
;;0.6846;;(ht photo)her stand may not please the modi government that assured bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina of a solution to the water sharing question soon.
;;0.7579;;read: teesta water deal: one issue where mamata loses nothing by sitting tightat a joint press conference modi said the agreement was crucial for bilateral ties and expressed hope that the bengal chief minister will eventually support it.
;;0.3182;;modi added that he firmly believed that an early solution to the issue can and will be found.
;;0.4767;;if the state government isnt going to step in and act on private schools to provide relief to lakhs of parents who continue to be fleeced year on year in haryana, we will approach prime minister modi and seek his intervention, said a parent.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister modi condemned the attack in posts on his twitter profile.
;;0.4767;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) april 24, 2017we are proud of the valour of our @crpfindia personnel.
;;0.0;;while pakistan had been trying to make maximum noise on kashmir, prime minister modi had on monday told the us president donald trump that dispute on kashmir was a bilateral issue between india and pakistan, in a clear reaffirmation of new delhis staunch opposition to any attempts to internationalise the matter.
;;0.5423;;prime minister modi had, without naming pakistan, also told trump that extreme rhetoric was not conducive to maintenance of peace in the region.
;;0.0;;these moves notwithstanding, prime minister modi modis government had been a model of restraint in responding to president donald trumps provocations.
;;-0.296;;when trump refused to issue india a waiver for global steel and aluminium levies last year, modi repeatedly abstained from retaliation.
;;0.0;;now armed with an overwhelming mandate, modi may have decided that one, ill-timed message deserves another.
;;-0.25;;before real damage is done, modi and trump should meet as planned at the g20 summit and agree to serious trade negotiations.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/gcir7fbbo3  josh butler (@joshbutler) september 23, 2019earlier, the bonhomie between prime minister modi and us president donald trump was on full display at the mega event in houston on sunday.
;;0.3802;;addressing the huge crowd at the howdy, modi!
;;0.7096;;i may come, be careful, i may come, he said jokingly, which evoked laughter from prime minster modi as well.
;;-0.5267;;tata motors said the invalidation of high-value banknotes by prime minister modi on 8 november hurt its domestic commercial vehicles business, a cash cow, with sales of trucks and buses declining 9 .
;;0.5574;;girls outsmarting boys in this examination indicates prime minister modi modis beti bachao beti padhao has brought positive changes in the society, adityanath said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will visit germany, spain, russia and france during a europe trip between may 29 and june 3.
;;0.2023;;modi and merkel will jointly addressing a business meeting with top ceos from both countries.
;;0.3612;;later in the day, modi will make a courtesy call on president of germany frank-walter steinmeier.
;;0.5719;;after the summit, modi will participate, also for the first time, in the st petersburg international economic forum on june 2, 2017 as the guest of honour.
;;0.0;;francepm modi will visit france on june 2 and 3.
;;0.0;;modi is among the first foreign guests for the macron, who took office on may 14.
;;0.0;;we will submit a letter to prime minister modi next week and will burn effigies of union hrd (human resource development) minister prakash javadekar, chief minister manohar lal khattar and education minister ram bilas sharma in delhi, sandeep vats, a parent.
;;0.4019;;after weeks of heated political activity, prime minister modi has led the bharatiya janata party to an unprecedented victory.
;;0.2023;;and even as us president donald trump tweets, great things are in store for the us-india partnership with the return of pm modi at the helm, there is a veiled threat from a state department official that if india went ahead with the s-400 deal, it will have serious implications on the defence ties between the two countries.
;;0.7351;;then looking at some of the officials there she said, aap logo ko toh votes hanin chahiye, hame to chahiye (you dont need votes but we do) and then she goes on to add, tabhi modi bhai (prime minister modi modi) ka 2022 ka sapna pura hoga (only then will modi modis dream of 2022 be fulfilled.
;;0.1531;;this could be good news and the way forward for indians concerned about how to work with trumps america-first policy or buy american, hire american, which has appeared to some as posing a conflict with prime minister modi modis make in india push.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi announced rs 1000 crore assistance for odisha and he also did an ariel survey of cyclone ravaged area.
;;-0.3612;;madhya pradesh governor lalji tandon, union ministers modi singh tomar, thaverchand gehlot, nityanand rai, former chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, and state bjp president rakesh singh were among those who attended his funeral.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi paid tribute to gaur saying he served people for decades.
;;0.0;;om shanti, modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;niti aayog had constituted a committee of chief ministers on digital payments which submitted its interim report to prime minister modi on january 24.
;;0.1779;;jammu and kashmir governor nn vohra has dismissed reports that he was summoned by prime minister modi to delhi amid a growing clamour for governors rule in the state.
;;0.0;;an earlier version quoted sources saying the governor has been called to meet pm modi modi.
;;0.4019;;you are right that [prime minister narendra] modi is the single largest factor that drives the bjp ahead of any political party in the state.
;;0.0258;;modi implies making development reach every household.
;;-0.4767;;poor, women, sc [scheculed castes], st [scheduled tribes], youth  all see in modi , a person who has delivered more than last 70 years of democracy and development in his five year tenure.
;;0.0;;the people of odisha are voting for modi at the centre.
;;0.0;;last wednesday, naveen patnaik invited modi to attend his swearing-in ceremony when the bjd forms the next government in the state.
;;0.3182;;on the cm inviting the pm to his swearing-in, i have already said that, as former cm, naveen babu will be invited to sit beside pm modi when the new bjp government of odisha will replace his.
;;0.5719;;pm modi and the bjp are celebrating development in the last five years with the people of odisha.
;;0.1027;;while in last five years of the upa [united progressive alliance], the allocation for railways was less than ~5,000 crores, it has reached a staggering ~27,000 crores under modi.
;;0.0258;;modi implies making development reach at every doorstep.
;;-0.2023;;as the court in its observation has said, through mining and mega kickbacks in looting huge mineral resources of odisha, naveen babu stands for corruption and loot while modi stands with the poor people of odisha.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi modis two-day visit to home state gujarat, where elections are expected by the end of the year, is scheduled to begin on monday afternoon.
;;0.0;;modi will preside over a couple of inauguration ceremonies and also attend the annual general meeting (agm) of african development bank (afdb).
;;0.3612;;the informal summit between prime minister modi and chinese president x jinping in wuhan last month saw them developing the kind of rapport that the two leaders can now speak to each other directly on any issue of importance, external affairs minister sushma swaraj said at her annual press conference on monday.
;;0.0;;swaraj said the informal summit between modi and xi enabled the two leaders to discuss issues without any listed agenda.
;;0.4767;;she said the status quo was restored and persists at doklam, the india-tibet-bhutan tri-junction, where the india and chinese armies faced off last year before modi and xi resolved the issue.
;;0.5574;;popularly known as mashaan baba, tripathi says he focused on the ground long before prime minister modi hogged headlines with a controversial shamshan ghat reference.
;;-0.4404;;at an election rally earlier this month, the pm had said whenever graveyards are built, so should cremation grounds  a comment that triggered controversy with opponents accusing modi of communal divisiveness.
;;0.5423;;india and indonesia on wednesday agreed to step up their defence and maritime cooperation, raising the level of their ties to a comprehensive strategic partnership after the meeting in jakarta between prime minister modi and indonesian president joko widodo.
;;0.5574;;prime minister modi , in his first visit to indonesia, which has the worlds highest population of muslims, spoke about indias special ties with indonesia, and the need to find common ground in the two countries strategies and visions for the region.
;;0.2263;;prime minister modi modis government has held several meetings with industry officials, seeking to stem the fall in auto sales, a slowdown in lending by non-bank finance companies, and revive consumer demand.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis has decided to borrow a leaf of prime minister modi modis book.
;;0.5574;;prime minister modi modis government has said it is committed to rooting out graft, as part of a clampdown on corruption that modi promised during his election campaign.
;;-0.4588;;last november, modi banned rs 500 and rs 1000 banknotes, a move he said was aimed at eliminating corruption.
;;-0.4939;;madhya pradesh police registered a case against unknown people on saturday after a youth in satna district received a call from a man who allegedly offered him rs 50 crore to join them in killing prime minister modi at a rally.
;;-0.6908;;according to satna police, the caller told kushal soni that he would be offered rs 50 crore if he joined them to kill modi during a rally in mumbai.
;;0.0;;soon after the polling began, prime minister modi urged voters, specially mentioning first-time voters, to come out in large numbers and exercise their franchise.
;;0.0;;pm will attend the agm of the african development bankprime minister modi , currently on a visit to gujarat, will attend the annual general meeting of african development bank at gandhinagar today.
;;-0.0258;;in his address, shah accused the former congress governments in centre as well as in the northeast of not doing enough for development of the region and listed initiatives taken since 2014, when prime minister modi assumed office in new delhi.
;;0.2732;;when prime minister modi came to power, the budget was increased to rs 5053 crore during the 14th finance commission, shah said.
;;0.802;;the success, and his proximity to prime minister modi , catapulted him to the top of the party.
;;0.0;;while this election is crucial for mr modi , it is perhaps just as crucial for mr shah.
;;-0.765;;prime minister modi yanked the two bank notes  rs 1,000 and rs 500  out of circulation to drain illegal cash from the economy and announced a 50-day window to deposit or exchange the banned currency.
;;-0.1779;;bjp president amit shah on monday told an election rally in odishas nabarangpur district that prime minister modi would give a befitting reply to pakistan whenever there is an attack and underlined an earlier statement that only modi can keep the country secure.
;;-0.8957;;but modi in just 12 days of the attack carried out an airstrike and neutralised the terrorists by raiding their camps, he said.
;;0.802;;shah said there was huge excitement in the country due this step of modi and opposition parties are baffled.
;;0.2732;;reform to transform approach to build new india: pm modion the third anniversary of the bjps victory in lok sabha polls, prime minister modi on tuesday said his government was committed to build the new india through the reform to transform approach.
;;0.0;;e talks between us president donald trump and prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;amarinder was answering to queries of mediapersons outside parliament house after meeting prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5719;;almost half of the bjps seats were won by a margin of more than 100,000 seats, indicating the scale of the saffron surge in the state and the extent to which modi was able to swing the election away from cold numbers that the opposition was relying on.
;;0.4767;;experts said the results were a reflection of the popularity of modi.
;;0.6705;;indiaupdated: sep 19, 2019 17:13 istfrom a rally in maharashtra, prime minister modi on thursday reached out to the people of jammu and kashmir with a call to all indians to help rebuild a new kashmir, embrace the people of the state who have suffered for decades and turn the valley into jannat or heaven, again.
;;0.3182;;pm modi referred to kashmir hamara hai slogans at a bjp rally to underscore that now it was time for the rest of the country to rebuild a new kashmir and embrace kashmiris.
;;-0.4939;;pm modi also spoke about applying balm to the wounds of the people who have suffered a lot for decades.
;;0.5423;;pm modi also accused opposition parties of trying to derive political benefit over the governments decision to scrap article 370 of the constitution.
;;0.6486;;also watch | we have to hug each kashmiri, make valley a paradise: pm modi at nashik rallywithout naming pakistan, the prime minister also spoke about the continuing efforts from across the border to create mistrust and violence.
;;-0.2263;;pm modi questioned the role of congress and sharad pawar-led nationalist congress party (ncp) and asked why they were making statements that could be used by the countrys enemies to malign india in the international arena.
;;0.7717;;shiromani akali dal president sukhbir singh badal led a delegation of party leaders that included union cabinet minister harsimrat kaur to meet prime minister modi in new delhi on friday and demanded that the government assure farmers are paid minimum support price for their crop based on the input costs formula recommended by the ms swaminathan commission.
;;0.2732;;so far, there is no evidence of a bandwagon effect with prime minister modi , along with china and the group of seven governments all publicly renewing their commitment to the paris agreement and fighting climate change as a whole.
;;0.3182;;the central information commission has directed delhi university to allow inspection of records related to all the students who had passed ba degree in 1978, the year in which, according to the university, prime minister modi had also cleared the examination.
;;0.4019;;the issue of 1978 du degree records cropped up after aam aadmi party raised questions about the degree of prime minister modi , triggering a controversy.
;;0.7351;;prime minister modi arrived in jakarta on tuesday on the first leg of his three-nation tour to east asia to cement the political, economic and strategic interest of the two friendly maritime neighbours.
;;0.0;;modi, who is on his first official visit to indonesia, met president joko widodo on wednesday and discussed bilateral cooperation in a broad range of areas, including maritime, trade and investment.
;;0.5106;;here are the live updates:3:43pm: we are making arrangements of free of cost visa for indonesian citizens for travel of up to 30 days: pm modi in jakarta.
;;0.7579;;30pm: our first priority as a government is to make the country corruption free, citizen-centric and development friendly: pm modi to indian community in jakarta.
;;0.0;;indonesia: pm modi at istiqlal mosque in jakarta pic.
;;0.0;;jakarta: pm modi at merdeka palace,indonesian president joko widodo also present pic.
;;0.8271;;twitter.com/dblqice2bj  ani (@ani) may 30, 20188:55am: pm modi arrives at merdeka palace, is welcomed by indonesian president joko widodo8:15am: pm modi pays tribute at kalibata national heroes cemetery in jakarta8:10am: pm modi was accorded a ceremonial welcome on his arrival in jakarta.
;;0.6597;;bjps campaign involved several national leaders including prime minister modi and bjp party president amit shah addressing public meetings to rally support for the candidates.
;;0.4767;;i particularly urge my young friends to vote, tweets pm modi modi.
;;0.128;;the simmering war of words between bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati and leaders of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) boiled over on monday with the former uttar pradesh chief minister bringing up prime minister modi modis wife and his caste in comments that triggered a backlash from several senior bjp leaders, who called her unfit for public life.
;;-0.8074;;she also said modi was a fake obc [other backward class] and that people use abusive language against him because he deserves it.
;;-0.2263;;she hit back with allegations that people, especially dalits, were in greater danger since the modi government came to power.
;;-0.4404;;i have come to know that in the bjp, women leaders get scared when they see their husbands going near pm modi.
;;-0.8126;;rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot on monday accused prime minister modi of ignoring facts and deliberately targeting him over the alwar crime.
;;0.0;;pm modi has personally targeted me on various occasions.
;;0.0;;state cabinet minister and dera baba nanak mla sukhjinder singh randhawa reiterated that the corridor will be inaugurated on november 8 by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.1531;;addressing the gathering of representatives of various sikh religious organisations, randhawa said the corridor will be inaugurated on november 8 and the function will be attended by prime minister modi apart from other dignitaries, including chief minister capt amarinder singh.
;;0.0;;the swearing-in will be in dehradun on saturday afternoon in the presence of prime minister modi and bjp chief shah.
;;0.128;;on july 1, 2015, prime minister modi launched the pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana (pmksy)or the prime ministers farmers irrigation programmewith a budget of rs. 50,000 crores over five years (2015-16 to 2019).
;;0.8834;;while prime minister modi is keen on signing the teesta water sharing agreement with bangladesh, chief minister mamata banerjee has taken a stand against sharing north bengals principle rivers water with the neighbouring country.
;;-0.6705;;prime minister modi modis informal summit with chinese president xi jinping was also discussed within the apex group with the bottomline being that there should be no lowering of the guard or delaying of critical border infrastructure projects in the name of any perceived bonhomie between the two countries.
;;0.8625;;in his address to party workers, he said that prime minister modi himself took a broom in his hand and cleaned the roads in delhi to inspire others to do the same.
;;0.7096;;prime minister modi has woken up the people and the party workers and inspired them to work for public welfare.
;;-0.6124;;lashing out at the bjp, mayawati said people angry with the centres anti-people policies and that prime minister modi has failed to fulfil the promises he made to the people during the 2014 lok sabha election.
;;0.1027;;the conference will also be attended by prime minister modi and defence minister manohar parrikar.
;;0.4767;;the mcis directive comes days after prime minister modi spoke of putting in place a legal framework to ensure that doctors prescribed low-cost generic medicines to patients.
;;0.5994;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by the prime minister modi , cleared the listing of shares in rail vikas nigam limited (rvnl), ircon international limited, indian railway finance corporation (irfc) ltd, indian railway catering and tourism corporation (irctc) ltd, rites ltd, bharat dynamics limited (bdl), garden reach shipbuilders & engineers (grse) ltd, mazagon dock shipbuilders limited (mdsl), north eastern electric power corporation (neepco) ltd, mstc ltd and mishra dhatu nigam ltd.the listing of companies will be through public offer of shares upto 25  of government of indias shareholding, which may include offer of fresh shares for raising of funds from market.
;;0.128;;the bjp is also highlighting the development projects launched by prime minister modi in june last year.
;;0.0516;;third, tuesdays victory confirms the obvious: if state assembly elections are any guide, prime minister modi appears to be gaining rather than losing political capital as the clock winds down on his first term in office.
;;0.4754;;opinion surveys reaffirm the notion that modi remains the most popular politician in india by some distance.
;;0.4019;;today, modi is punching above the weight of his party.
;;0.1027;;to paraphrase prime minister modi , if the congress loses karnataka, it will be reduced to a ppp party - punjab, puducherry, and parivaar (family).
;;0.7906;;once the karnataka poll is in the rear view mirror and the four-year anniversary of the modi government is duly celebrated, next years general election campaign will soon begin in earnest.
;;0.25;;we will re-launch the projects stopped by them, said priyanka amid chowkidar chor hai slogans raised by supporters on every mention of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5106;;on being questioned if the formation of the chief of defence staff (cds), as announced by prime minister modi on august 15, will be beneficial in the future, the chief said, cds will be able to prioritise defence procurement and expenditure.
;;0.6908;;prime minister modi on sunday hailed the science community for indias record satellite launch and successful testing of a missile system as he made another pitch for digital payments.
;;0.0;;modi singled out indias cartosat 2d, saying it would map resources and infrastructure.
;;0.872;;modi talked about the success of lucky graahak yojana and digi-dhan vyapari yojana, programmes aimed at encouraging people and traders to go cashless.
;;-0.7096;;7am: prime minister modi reacts to the manchester blast, says: pained by the attack in manchester.
;;-0.3182;;indiaupdated: sep 08, 2019 00:53 ista teary-eyed k. sivan, chairman of the indian space research organisation (isro), being consoled by prime minister modi six hours after the isro control centre lost communication with the vikram lander will remain one of the most enduring images of the mission.
;;0.1027;;modi had reached the isro mission control centre complex in bengaluru at 1.
;;0.5994;;however, the prime minister modi was alert and watchful that the party didnt deviate from its path, she added.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister modi brought back about 2,000 antiquities from the us last june, including some that had been smuggled by the kapoor syndicate, the dri said.
;;0.4019;;she appealed to prime minister modi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath for help.
;;0.128;;even though the modi government wants to focus on ties with israel beyond defence, india is looking towards making medium altitude long endurance armed heron tp unmanned aerial vehicle under make in india.
;;-0.2023;;us president donald trumps tweet seeking the withdrawal of new trade tariffs imposed by india on the eve of g20 did not appear to have affected prime minister modi who batted on the front foot when the two leaders met the following day, with the result that bilateral ties between the worlds two largest democracies remain on an even keel.
;;-0.296;;according to diplomats based in new delhi and washington, while there have been no breakthroughs in bilateral ties, back-to-back meetings of pm modi , first with secretary of state mike pompeo and president trump have ensured that both sides know where and how the perceived differences on trade or third-party relationships have to be addressed.
;;0.0;;indeed, after the bilateral with modi , trump said he expected a trade deal with india soon.
;;0.0;;the humongous lok sabha mandate of pm modi was recognised by the other leaders with us president trump specifically mentioning that in his bilateral.
;;0.6697;;during the two-day summit, pm modi had one-to-ones with 18 out of 20 global leaders present with very constructive results from engagements with the us, japan, south korea, australia, vietnam, singapore and indonesia, said a senior indian government official, who asked not to be namedhowever, the most positive result came out of bilateral meeting with the us given that both sides were circumspect in the run-up to the modi-trump bilateral.
;;0.0772;;a number of other hardware acquisitions from us are in the pipeline and it is for the modi government to prioritize its purchases with the available capital.
;;0.2484;;indias relations with both saudi arabia and the uae have been extremely beneficial since pm modi took over in 2014 with the two countries sending back no less than 138 indian fugitives to face the law here.
;;0.8074;;recently, akshay kumar, the national-award winning actor, met prime minister modi and shared the theme and title of his movie, which reportedly made the pm smile.
;;-0.4019;;haq made the remarks when he was asked at his daily press briefing about the situation in kashmir and if guterres has been able to understand the kashmir dispute and would he be talking to prime minister modi to start a dialogue with pakistan.
;;0.296;;prime minister modi and his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif will be in astana on both days of the summit but chances of a meeting between the two are bleak.
;;-0.2819;;writer-historian ramachandra guha tweeted on tuesday that he had been getting identical threat mails warning him not to be critical of prime minister modi and the ruling bharatiya janata party.
;;0.802;;ramachandra guha (@ram_guha) march 28, 2017calling themselves divine indian, the sender of the mail/s also told guha not to compare modi with indira gandhi and amit shah with sanjay gandhi, while calling the bjp leaders divine chosen ones.
;;0.0;;before writing such blogs, comparing mr modi and indira gandhi, or amit shah and sanjay gandhi.
;;0.0;;the informal summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping, which the chinese are describing as a milestone in bilateral relations, was all about the big picture.
;;0.6908;;mr modi , on the other hand, understands the importance of a balanced and tension-free relationship with china as india heads towards a general election next year.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi on friday continued his spate of attacks on the congress saying that the party is not concerned about protecting the interests of the nation.
;;-0.5859;;before that there was a remote-controlled government for ten years when news of scams was the order of the day, said pm modi , who was addressing an election rally in maharashtras ahmednagar.
;;0.7184;;pm modi also hit out at nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar, an influential leader in maharashtra and former defence minister.
;;-0.2023;;prime minister modi , bjp chief amit shah and chief minister mamata banerjee all postponed rallies.
;;0.0;;in varanasi, where prime minister modi stood for a re-election, the voter turnout was 57.
;;0.0;;besides modi , 25 other candidates were in the fray in varanasi.
;;0.875;;indiaupdated: aug 30, 2019 07:41 istprime minister modi on thursday launched the nation-wide fit india movement to celebrate the national sports day and encourage people to inculcate physical activity and sports in their everyday lives.
;;0.0;;the road, which was announced by prime minister modi before uttarakhand assembly elections in february 2017, has to pass through the eco-sensitive zone.
;;0.4767;;mumbaiupdated: aug 09, 2019 06:10 istmembers of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and intersex (lgbtqi) community have started an online petition, addressed to prime minister modi , seeking that a set of legislation safeguarding their interests be introduced.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi is greeted by khanduri during a parivartan rally in dehradun in december.
;;0.3818;;the present government under the leadership of prime minister modi is looking at this sector as a major growth engine.
;;0.836;;from a leader who limited exposure to media, people saw may up close and personal during the campaign; opinion divided whether they liked her or notincreased new registrations by young voters enthused by corbyns promise of scrapping tuition feesconservative party releasing a slick video titled theresa ke saath with a hindi song and images of indian prime minister modi to appeal to the british indian communitymay performing abhishek in a hindu temple; corbyn wearing saffron headgear during a gurdwara visit.
;;0.101;;prime minister modi has taken a dig at economists critical of his demonetisation move, saying hard work is more powerful than harvard.
;;-0.5859;;his open praise of the hindu mobs that killed muslims during the fateful riots does no credit to the bjp, which was in power in the state at that time under the stewardship of then chief minister modi modi.
;;0.7269;;as the issue became a political controversy in the state with ruling aiadmk and dmk too raising it, panneerselvam, in a letter to modi , urged him to include the harvest festival under the list of mandatory holidays for all central government administrative offices in the state.
;;0.7697;;actor-turned-politician jaya prada, who is the bjp candidate from the rampur lok sabha constituency, on wednesday alleged that powerful people had threatened her before but she was not helpless anymore as she had the support of prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath now.
;;0.4019;;i have the support of modi and yogi.
;;0.0;;tributes to the exemplary engineer sir m. isvesvaraya on his birth anniversary, pm modi tweeted.
;;-0.4804;;another area of concern is climate change, which prime minister modi sees as an almost existential threat to india.
;;0.5719;;6:20pm: the triple talaq issue is not related to religion but social reform, union minister of state for minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said, adding that the modi government would discuss with all political parties on framing a law on the matter.
;;0.5719;;it grants equality to muslim women and is a powerful measure for women empowerment, tweets prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is expected to address three public meetings in rajasthans hindaun, sikar and bikaner on friday.
;;0.4168;;twitter.com/fl5hbizuuj  ani (@ani) may 3, 20199:15 pm ist pm modis speeches in nanded, varanasi not poll code violations: ec the election commission said it had examined the speech delivered by prime minister modi in maharashtras nanded on 6 april and in varanasi, uttar pradesh on 25 april.
;;0.0;;the last 125 days have been both memorable and humbling, pm modi tweeted.
;;-0.6124;;the film, titled pm modi , was earlier set to release on april 11 but was banned by the election commission.
;;0.0;;our students and technicians are known worldwide now, said pm modi in rajasthan.
;;0.0;;5:45 pm ist india leading international initiative for solar power usage: pm modi international solar alliance is being lead by india worldwide.
;;0.0;;: pm modi on water given to pakistan under congress govt should the country which was thirsty for our blood have been given so much of water, when our own bikaner was thirsty?
;;0.1531;;5:25 pm ist air strikes, surgical strikes are made only under strong govts:pm modi decision to carry out air strike, or surgical strike, are made only under strong governments, said pm modi in rajasthans bikaner.
;;0.0;;you voted for the bjp, and that is why what has been achieved has been achieved, pm modi in bikaner.
;;-0.4215;;twitter.com/4i5da2xenq  ani up (@aninewsup) may 3, 20193:55 pm ist if you want to carry out strikes on video game, you can put the number at anything: pm modi to congress if you want your carry out strikes only on video game then you can put the number at 6 or 3 or 20 or even 25.
;;-0.7096;;the numbers will not make a difference to these liars, said pm modi in sikar on congresss claim that 6 surgical strikes were carried out under upa government .
;;-0.4588;;:ani pm modi in sikar, rajasthan on congress's claim that 6 surgical strikes were carried out under upa government: jab kagaz par hi karni ho, jab video game mein hi strike karni ho to 6 ho ya 3 ho, 20 hon ya 25 hon, ye jhoote logon ko kya fark padta hai.
;;-0.9062;;surgical strike, air strike & now this major international strike on intentions of pakistan, terrorists & terrorist leaders, said pm modi.
;;0.2023;;i assure the affected people that nation & centre are with them,said pm modi over cyclone fani.
;;-0.9246;;1:07 pm ist listing of azhar as global terrorist 3rd strike on pakistan: pm modi after surgical strike and air strike, the listing of masood azhar as global terrorist is the third strike by an international body, said pm modi.
;;-0.5859;;though lalu is known to attack the bjp and prime minister modi frequently, what set the cat among the pigeons was his mention of new alliance partners of the saffron party, which many believed is a threat to his ally nitish kumar.
;;-0.875;;earlier in the day, the rjd vice-president raghuvansh prasad singh also attacked modi and the nda government accusing them of harassing lalu for political vendetta and weaken his bid to unite secular forces ahead of the 2019 polls.
;;0.0;;earlier, several bjp leaders, including prime minister modi had repeatedly said that dozens of tmc leaders, including mlas and mps are in touch with bjp and are waiting for the results of the parliamentary elections to switch camp.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi is set to lay the foundation stone of countrys longest purvanchal expressway on may 26 in azamgarh, the parliamentary constituency of samajawadi party patriarch mulayam singh yadav.
;;0.0;;the first session of the 17th lok sabha is underway with prime minister modi and other lawmakers taking oath as mps.
;;0.0;;follow live updates here:09:46 am ist pm modi to constitute a committee on one nation, one poll after the conclusion of over three-hour long all-party meeting, union minister rajnath singh said that pm modi will constitute a committee on the issue of one nation, one poll.
;;0.8591;;09:43 am ist he will discipline and inspire us: pm on om birla pm modi says,  now that such a sensitive person has been elected the speaker, he will discipline as well as inspire us.
;;0.0;;the motion was moved by pm modi and passed by voice vote.
;;0.3818;;consumption and investment activity were dampened after prime minister modi on november 8 announced the bold decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;-0.0276;;and prime minister modi announced that there are no vips, every indian is a very important person.
;;0.4404;;the supreme court on thursday dismissed former border security force (bsf) jawan tej bahadur yadavs petition questioning the election commission (ec) decision to reject his nomination papers from varanasi, from where prime minister modi is a contestant.
;;0.4019;;the samajwadi party had initially named shalini yadav as its candidate against modi.
;;0.5106;;senior bjp leader and former deputy chief minister modi has a strong following too with 4.
;;-0.5719;;the assertion, however, is debatable as prasads many tweets on issues like demonetisation and swipes at prime minister modi have evoked angry reaction for its purported harsh language.
;;-0.5994;;needless to say, the war of words between bjp leader modi and the rjd chief prasad on twitter has been quite regular.
;;0.0;;analysisupdated: sep 23, 2019 09:39 istwith an eye on next years elections, us president donald trump tried at the howdy modi!
;;0.6249;;another huge difference was that trump, who likes to be the centre of the universe, was not the main speaker at the rally for prime minister modi modi.
;;0.25;;we proudly fight for our citizens, he said apparently referring also to modi.
;;-0.2732;;former prime minister and congress leader manmohan singh termed demonetisation as organised loot while rahul gandhi during his recent rallies in up even levelled personal charges against modi.
;;-0.1027;;since november 8 midnight, when the prime minister modi announced the currency ban, the i-t, enforcement directorate (ed) and the police have seized crores of unaccounted wealth.
;;-0.5106;;prior to that, last month, prime minister modi set the foundation stone for a chhatrapati shivaji memorial in the arabian sea to soothe an irate maratha community after a wave of state-wide protests last year.
;;0.0;;the bjp has convened meeting of its in-charges for the four parliamentary constituencies to discuss the voting trend and exit poll predictions which indicated another term for prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6249;;exit polls reflect the popularity of modi and his vision, said chief minister jai ram thakur.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi should also reach out to them on his global tours and convince them of the new india story.
;;-0.6908;;indiaupdated: aug 07, 2019 02:30 istformer external affairs minister sushma swaraj, who extended a helping hand to many indians in distress abroad and acquired a reputation as one of the most accessible ministers in the first term of the modi government, died suddenly on tuesday night after a heart attack.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister modi said swarajs passing was a personal loss for him.
;;0.4767;;swaraj was replaced as external affairs minister in the second term of the modi government by former diplomat s jaishankar, who said after his appointment that he was proud to follow in the footsteps of swaraj.
;;0.4939;;modi praised her performance in the ministry.
;;0.3612;;9) rbi refuses to answer why exchange of old notes was not allowed till march 31why was not the conversion of old currency notes allowed till march 31, 2017 for indians as assured by prime minister modi in his speech on november 8 announcing demonetisation?
;;0.6124;;mind is hit if body fit: pm modi be it the boardroom or the bollywood, the one who is fit touches the sky.
;;0.8658;;you will soon be able to yield its fruits once you are fit, says pm modi modi11:13 am ist for efficiency at work, physical fitness is necessary: pm modi for efficiency at work, physical fitness is necessary, says pm modi.
;;0.4588;;you have to change your lifestyle to improve your health, says pm modi modi11:00 am ist you download fitness apps then forget about it: pm modi you download fitness apps then forget about it, make a gymming room at your home then keep maids to clean it because you never go there yourself, keep gym appliances in the corner of your room but never really use it, says pm modi modi.
;;0.9698;;10:57 am ist pm modi launches fit india movement, says it is a step towards a healthy india prime minister modi launches fit india movement, says it is a step towards a healthy india, pti reports10:55 am ist major dhyan chand amazed the world with his his fitness, stamina: pm modi major dhyan chand amazed the world with his his fitness, stamina says pm modi modi.
;;0.0;;delhi: prime minister modi launches #fitindiamovement from indira gandhi stadium, on the occasion of #nationalsportsday.
;;0.9413;;twitter.com/hkhv7p14ug  ani (@ani) august 29, 201910:53 am ist fitness is necessary for our daily lives for a healthy living: pm modi fitness is necessary for our daily lives for a healthy living10:51 am ist make fitness a part of daily life: pm modi make fitness a part of daily life, says pm modi modi10:45 am ist prime minister modi launches fit india movement prime minister modi launches fit india movement10:42 am ist pm modi addresses the nation at indira gandhi indoor stadium pm modi is addressing the nation at indira gandhi indoor stadium in new delhi on national sports day10:35 am ist spectacular cultural programme at indira gandhi stadium spectacular cultural programme at indira gandhi stadium on national sports day.
;;0.6124;;10:20 am ist prime minister modi at the launch of fit india movement at indira gandhi stadium prime minister modi at the launch of fit india movement at indira gandhi stadium, on the occasion of national sports day.
;;0.0;;delhi: prime minister modi at the launch of #fitindiamovement at indira gandhi stadium, on the occasion of #nationalsportsday.
;;0.3612;;10:05 am ist pm modi arrives at indira gandhi indoor stadium pm modi arrives at indira gandhi indoor stadium for the launch of fit india movement.
;;0.0;;taking a swipe at prime minister modi over his remarks that he comes from a very backward caste, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi on sunday said that she does not have any knowledge of his caste and the opposition has never talked about it.
;;0.0;;i am still not aware of the caste that modi belongs to.
;;-0.0;;in his last public address before the february 21 civic polls, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray targeted prime minister modi and chief minister devendra fadnavis, saying the government was behaving like in a state of emergency, and it has been steadily losing support.
;;-0.1027;;in a retort to allegations of corruption against the sena and the thackeray family by bjp leaders, thackeray questioned the status of the ganga rejuvenation project, training his guns directly on pm modi modi.
;;0.0;;) thackeray said modi does not have any right to talk about erstwhile congress pm manmohan singh wearing a raincoat when he himself wears a coat of rs 10 lakh.
;;0.0;;modi has already taken mahatma gandhi out of the charkha.
;;-0.25;;you should have resigned or should have jumped out of the boat when pm modi did not even look at you during the shivaji statue foundation event.
;;0.0;;calling prime minister modi a tiger, cm fadnavis said those who roar inside their home cannot be called a tiger.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis said in reality, modi who conducted a surgical strike in pakistan is a tiger.
;;0.6486;;after wooing karnataka voters on the hindutva plank, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath is set to take forward the religious outreach in ayodhya on saturday, when he welcomes a bus launched by prime minister modi from nepal.
;;0.5749;;a bjp leader said the bus service launched by pm modi and welcomed by adityanath would not just help in cementing the bond between nepal and india, but also reiterate the partys commitment to hindutva.
;;0.0;;the badrinath-kedarnath temple committee (bktc) dropped a 5-minute portion of the show that talked about the initiatives of prime minister modi for restoration work at the kedarnath shrine and nearby areas after the 2013 deluge.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi offered his condolences to the families of slain crpf personnel .
;;-0.5106;;the bjp came back to power as prime minister modi is a very big salesman while the congress failed to market its product in the lok sabha polls, congress leader in the lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhury said monday.
;;0.0772;;speaking in the lok sabha on the motion of thanks to the presidents address, chowdhury launched a scathing attack on the government and prime minister modi , with the chair ordering expunging of some of his comments, considered unparliamentary.
;;0.7717;;taking a swipe at union minister pratap sarangi, who had initiated the discussion, he said sarangi crossed limits in his praise of modi , inviting sharp reactions from the treasury benches as they referred to india is indira, indira is india remarks made by congress leaders when indira gandhi was prime minister.
;;0.3252;;targeting the modi government, chowdhury said the country is reeling under drought, but the government is not worried.
;;-0.5719;;he said bjp mps did not take steps to alleviate miseries of the people as they think modi will do everything.
;;0.7351;;they think that praising modi is sufficient, he will help them sail through (modi baba par lagayenge),he said.
;;0.0;;last year, prime minister modi paid obeisance at sant ravidas temple.
;;0.4404;;barring ties with two neighbours, the maldives and pakistan, four years of nda governments foreign policy has avoided needless ideological positioning; managed to successfully de-hyphenate ties with countries ideologically opposed to each other; and increased indias heft and influence, at least some of which can be attributed to prime minister modi modis personalised style of diplomacy.
;;0.0;;the biggest example of de-hyphenating foreign policy came when modi became the first indian pm to visit both israel and palestine.
;;0.0;;modi is willing to lead from the front and isnt risk-averse.
;;0.0;;it is a fact that modi has used his personal touch with some effect in diplomacy.
;;0.0;;pm modi had invited all south asian heads of states for his swearing-in ceremony in 2014.
;;0.0;;jashodaben modi , wife of prime minister modi , on saturday, exhorted community leaders to come forward and impart education to girls to facilitate a holistic development of the society.
;;0.0;;jashodabens brother, praveen chandra modi alias modi , who is accompanying her on the bihar visit, described his sister as an embodiment of sacrifice and austerity.
;;0.0;;he said,pm modi is serving the nation and the people are with him.
;;0.0;;the partys star campaigners, including prime minister modi , bjps national president amit shah, union minister smriti irani and others, had so far addressed election rallies in the tribal region.
;;0.34;;the ex-cm hit the campaign trail in santhal parganas on wednesday when he shared the dais with prime minister modi during the latters public rally in deoghar.
;;0.2023;;congress president rahul gandhi on thursday congratulated prime minister modi for the ndas massive win and assumed responsibility for the partys massive defeat.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi on tuesday cited income tax raids in madhya pradesh to target the congress, alleging that corruption is the character of the principal opposition party.
;;0.7096;;recalling high-value banknotes was a right decision made at the right time as the economy was in good health and there was a brief lull in business after the peak festive season, prime minister modi said on tuesday.
;;0.25;;in what was his first defence in parliament of the demonetisation of 500-and 1000-rupee, modi compared his november 8 move to fight tax evasion and illicit wealth with surgery on a human body.
;;-0.2023;;the economy was doing well and thus our decision was taken at the right time, a combative modi said, peppering his speech with stinging attacks on the congress for opposing the demonetisation move.
;;0.0;;now the opposition shouts, how much has modi brought back.
;;0.5106;;modi, who rode to power in may 2014 promising to fight corruption, was referring to his campaign pledge of bringing back illicit wealth parked abroad.
;;0.0;;you can oppose modi , that is your job, he said.
;;-0.7184;;surjewala also asked why prime minister modi did not take action on the rs 20,000 crore loss caused to public exchequer in gujarat state petroleum scam when he himself was the chief minister.
;;-0.8126;;the congress leader wondered whether the vyapam scam in madhya pradesh was corruption and asked why the modi did not take action against chief minister shivraj singh chouhan whose name allegedly cropped up in the scam.
;;0.0;;he claimed that rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushma swaraj allegedly helped people modi who escaped from the country and were wanted by investigative agencies for alleged money laundering.
;;-0.5574;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee hit out at prime minister modi on wednesday for his demonetisation decision, and seemingly compared him to bollywood villain gabbar singh.
;;-0.8591;;after the announcement of demonetisation, the bengal cm has repeatedly attacked modi , alleging that his decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes have only hurt the poor.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
;;0.25;;modi, in his first defence of currency recall in parliament, compared demonetisation to fight tax evasion and illicit wealth with surgery on a human body.
;;-0.2023;;the economy was doing well and thus our decision was taken at the right time, a combative modi said, peppering his speech with stinging attacks on opposition.
;;0.4215;;his comments come at a time when india and russia are hoping to hammer out the rs 39,000-crore deal in october when prime minister modi and president vlamidir putin meet in new delhi for the annual summit between the two countries.
;;0.0;;* prime minister modi holds a meeting of members of his cabinet on monday amid speculation that the government may take some decisions on jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.5719;;the congress was a dartboard for prime minister modi as he responded to a marathon discussion in the rajya sabha on wednesday, accusing the opposition party of insulting the mandate of people because the bjp won the national elections and blaming electronic voting machines for their defeat.
;;0.6486;;pm modi , who led his party to a stunning victory in the lok sabha elections, also took on the congress-led opposition head on for its campaign against electronic voting machines.
;;0.4019;;pm modi made a pointed reference to the ndas minority status in the rajya sabha to acknowledge its dependence, underlining that the ruling party even had to fold hands to be able to let him speak early.
;;-0.25;;pm modi also referred to the many bills that were stuck in the rajya sabha over the last five years.
;;-0.8807;;pm modi noted that whether it is jharkhand, or west bengal or kerala, incidents of violence should be treated in the same manner and perpetrators of violence get a lesson that the entire country is one on this issue.
;;0.0;;in two-and-a-half years, prime minister modi has provided employment to 8 crore youth across the country.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi modis government had amended the bankruptcy law last year to protect homebuyers rights in bankruptcy proceedings.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 10:45 istprime minister modi spoke on the need for population control during his independence speech from the ramparts of red fort.
;;0.0;;there is need of social awareness, prime minister modi said.
;;-0.3412;;asserting that single-use plastic is not good for the environment, pm modi on thursday urged the people and shopkeepers to eliminate the use of plastic bags completely.
;;0.9231;;watch| pm modi on i-day: one nation, one constitution dream has been achievedurging citizens too, to pitch in, modi said it would be a good opportunity for the shop owners to advertise with their won cloth bags: shop owners and small entrepreneurs should start gifting their customers cloth bags with their branding and inculcate the good habit in the same stroke.
;;0.1027;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister modi has approved the amendments in the protection of children from sexual offences (pocso) act, 2012.
;;0.2732;;the discontent in the foodbowl states of madhya pradesh and neighbouring maharashtra, where too farmers have launched an agitation over similar demands, has come as a fresh challenge for prime minister modi , who has made farm sector reforms a priority for his government.
;;0.2732;;i mentioned that to prime minister modi as well.
;;-0.5719;;gehlot claimed she should step down from the post in view of the continuous humiliation by prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.1531;;palaniswami also assured the protesters that he will submit a memorandum to prime minister modi on the plight of farmers and ask him to waive off their loans.
;;0.5994;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 18:01 istamid reports of friction between the saffron allies over seat sharing for the upcoming maharashtra assembly polls, prime minister modi modis visit to mumbai on saturday indicated that all was well among the allies.
;;0.6808;;chief minister devendra fadnavis ensured that shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray shared the dais with pm modi and thackeray in his speech praised the prime minister announcing that the next state government would only be from the saffron alliance.
;;0.0772;;he was speaking at the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) function at bandra kurla complex, where pm modi inaugurated several projects.
;;0.8074;;thackeray said that he was confident that like article 370, pm modi would also deliver on these two promises.
;;0.25;;now, we have a prime minister modi to give the nation that direction and vision, said thackeray.
;;0.0;;the indian army has opened out to the indian industry to meet its day to day procurements, heading prime minister modi modis make in india drive.
;;0.7579;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 18:26 istas greetings poured in for prime minister modi on his 69th birthday, the indian farmers fertiliser cooperative ltd. (iffco), one of indias largest cooperatives, decided to celebrate it a bit differently with the kick-off of a nationwide tree plantation campaign from madhya pradesh on tuesday.
;;0.4404;;this is iffcos gift to the nation to commemorate the 69th birthday of honble pm modi modi.
;;0.7506;;last year prime minister modi was awarded with the uns highest environmental honour, for his leadership of the international solar alliance and pledge to eliminate single use plastic in india by 2022.
;;0.93;;read | obama calls modi as he readies to sign off; here is how their ties shaped upmany great thinkers have understood and celebrated the positive aspects of the shared india-us experience that have brought us to where we are today.
;;0.5267;;the path the worlds oldest and largest democracies were destined to walk together has further converged under the visionary leadership of us president barack obama and prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5574;;hanss musical campaign revolved around prime minister modi , as he along with mehndi sought votes in the pms name and sang songs in his praise.
;;0.0;;he added that the voting would be conducted in the name of modi not hans.
;;0.0;;hans might manage to get votes in the name of modi but this is not the right politics, said rahul, an engineer, and resident of bhera enclave.
;;0.2263;;prime minister modi has changed service rules to allow married ias and ips officers to get same cadre state.
;;0.5574;;the panel had then recommended change in guidelines, which has now been approved by appointments committee of cabinet (acc) headed by modi.
;;0.7964;;prime minister modi has encouraged maximum voting and is interested in those constituencies which post maximum votes and i hope sultanpur would be among those, she said.
;;0.7351;;with exit polls forecasting ndas return to power, top leaders of the bjp-led alliance will meet on tuesday over dinner to be hosted by party president amit shah where prime minister modi is expected to be present, party sources said on monday.
;;0.0;;the bjps decision to host the dinner comes following the exit polls which have been unanimous in projecting another term for modi.
;;0.8225;;modi and shah at a press conference on may 17 had exuded confidence that the saffron party-led alliance will return to power, and exit polls have further boosted their hopes.
;;0.4939;;watch: pm modi turns 69, visits sardar sarovar dam site & performs narmada pujapm modi lauded vallabhbhai patel for his contribution to the nation and said the national democratic alliance (nda) governments decision to nullify article 370 in jammu and kashmir was also inspired by indias first deputy prime minister.
;;0.4588;;modi and gujarat chief minister vijay rupani will also perform puja at the dam site to welcome the water of river narmada.
;;0.0;;later in the day, the prime minister is likely to meet his 99-year-old mother modi in gandhinagar.
;;0.5719;;i will take their help too to fulfil the dream of prime minister modi , he said.
;;0.3818;;kejriwal also wrote to prime minister modi seeking his intervention to resolve the impasse.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi on tuesday told bharatiya janata party mps to undertake a 150-km padyatra (foot march) in their constituencies to mark the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;also read: 2,000 sat phones, drones, 35k troops: how pm modi prepped for article 370 endgamethese steps preceded the introduction of the resolution and the bill in rajya sabha on monday by home minister amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will address the nation on wednesday.
;;-0.5574;;president trump had made the mediation offer during khans white house visit in july with a claim that even prime minister modi had asked him to, which was swiftly and summarily denied by new delhi, and reiterated that the kashmir issue can only be resolved bilaterally, and only after pakistan stopped supporting terrorism.
;;-0.5719;;the crisis facing indian football monday reached the doorsteps of prime minister modi , with six i-league clubs requesting him to set up an enquiry commission and probe the all india football federations functioning.
;;0.8176;;the charisma of prime minister modi , popularity of nda governemnts welfare schemes and the hard work done by our booth-level will surely work in our favour, baghel said.
;;0.7906;;interestingly, both parties are claiming credit for the circuit bench of the calcutta high court that was inaugurated by prime minister modi in february.
;;0.0;;european investment bank president werner hoyer on friday called on prime minister modi and discussed indias funding requirement for environment-friendly projects.
;;0.6369;;modi had met a high level delegation of the eib a year ago at the eu-india summit and promised support for establishment of the banks regional office in delhi.
;;0.0;;the induction followed jd (u)s decision against joining prime minister modi modis new government after it was offered just one berth in his council of ministers.
;;0.296;;he added kumar declined the bjps offer to join the modi government.
;;0.3818;;the first open letter signed by 49 intellectuals, artists and professionals was addressed to prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.6808;;with the country gearing up for the sixth phase of voting for the lok sabha elections 2019 on sunday, prime minister modi has said the award-wapsi gang has shied away from standing up for the dalit woman who was raped in alwar last month.
;;0.6486;;on saturday in ghazipur, pm modi referred to the section of intellectuals who had a few years earlier returned their awards in protest against the growing atmosphere of intolerance in the country.
;;-0.7717;;the sequence started when e sreedharan, the former managing director of delhi metro, wrote a letter to prime minister modi , recommending that the delhi governments proposal be rejected, as it will hurt the economics of delhi metro.
;;-0.6467;;up chief minister akhilesh yadav stirred quite a poll hee-haw when he advised bachchan not to promote gujarats gadhe or asses  viewed as a nuanced attack on prime minister modi who is from that state.
;;0.1779;;interacting with party workers in the state through video conference ahead of the may 12 assembly elections, prime minister modi said on thursday that there was a conspiracy afoot to play down the wave for change by publishing opinion polls that predicted a hung assembly in the upcoming polls.
;;-0.2732;;we must move ahead on the basis of our work, warned modi.
;;-0.5719;;if there was bofors scam during the congress regime then there is rafale during the modi government, she said.
;;0.0;;several times during her address, the bsp chief targeted prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.296;;first, we have to stop modi and bjp from coming to power.
;;0.0;;she is to travel to india on the invitation of prime minister modi who had invited her in 2015.
;;0.4767;;the mcis directive came just days after prime minister modi spoke of putting in place a legal framework to ensure that doctors prescribed low-cost generic medicines to patients.
;;-0.1779;;the congress on tuesday urged the election commission to take action against prime minister modi for allegedly giving wrong information in an earlier election affidavit.
;;0.0;;congress spokesperson pawan khera alleged modi had in the 2007 assembly poll affidavit declared that he was the sole owner of plot 411, in sector 1, in gandhinagar, but in 2012 allegedly omitted that and gave details of another piece of land.
;;-0.3818;;the government had set december 30 deadline for depositing junked bills in banks when prime minister modi on november 8 announced the recall of the two high-value notes that accounted for 86  of the cash in circulation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi too, time and again, has batted for womens empowerment.
;;-0.6494;;she blames the governments lack of political will for the delay in passing the womens quota this government is a one-man band and the finger of accusation most definitely points to mr. modi.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi had announced the defence corridor in uttar pradesh at investors summit in february last.
;;-0.0772;;nationalist congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar said prime minister modi was resorting to personally attacking opposition leaders, including me, as he is unable to talk about his contribution in the past five years of his government.
;;-0.6369;;modi came to wardha and attacked me even though i have no base there, he said.
;;-0.0516;;reacting to modis barbs that his nephew, ajit pawar, was trying to take control of his party, pawar said modi was resorting to personal attacks because he had nothing to say about the performance of his government.
;;-0.4215;;the gda had already been under attack over the issue of cag audit as the prime minister modi had targeted the authority and alleged zameeno ka ghotala (land scams) in his february 8 election rally in ghaziabad.
;;0.6494;;the editorial, which was highly critical of prime minister modi , claimed that he has been playing a cagey game by appeasing his partys hardline hindu base while promoting secular goals of development and economic growth.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi on saturday addressed bjp members in varanasi as he launched a nationwide membership drive for the party.
;;0.3818;;the congress also urged prime minister modi to ensure that his ministers maintained a high standard of morality.
;;0.8442;;read | supreme courts babri case order a blow to lk advani, mm joshi and uma bhartisenior congress leader kapil sibal also expressed satisfaction over the order and hoped that modi would remember his pronouncements on morality.
;;0.3384;;as far as other issues concerned, our prime minister modi is always very committed to the cause of morality.
;;-0.6249;;after heading an aiadmk mps delegation to president pranab mukherjee, aiadmk leader and lok sabha deputy speaker m thambidurai thanked prime minister modi for helping the tamil nadu government come out with an ordinance on the jallikattu issue but complained that the centre was ignoring the state on a number of issues.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi -- in keeping with his neighbourhood first policy -- has now sensibly visited sri lanka twice in as many years.
;;0.0;;mr modi spoke at a buddhist conference and then to the indian-origin plantation workers, earning points with both communities.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi will inaugurate a nationwide membership drive of the bharatiya janata party from varanasi on saturday.
;;0.0;;kashi region bjp spokesperson navratan rathi said that soon after landing here, modi will unveil a statue of former prime minister lal bahadur shashtri at the lal bahadur shashtri international airport.
;;0.0;;ahead of his visit, modi also tweeted about the membership drive.
;;0.0;;modi will launch the bjps nationwide membership drive from the deendayal upadhyay trade facilitation centre and museum.
;;0.0772;;prime minister modi will inaugurate the nationwide membership drive and will also launch a helpline number here today, rathi said.
;;0.0;;thereafter, pm modi will visit virtual experiential museum at man mandir mahal adjacent to dashashwamedh ghat here.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister modi will pay a visit to visit to the virtual museum.
;;0.4588;;we have completed all preparations regarding the visit and welcome pm modi.
;;0.0;;modi inaugurated the museum in february this year.
;;0.0;;pm modi last visited varanasi on may 27 on a thanksgiving visit after the bjps victory in the lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , however, announced the decision on november 8 last year.
;;-0.765;;read|demonetisation has been monumental management failure, says manmohanchidambaram castigated modi for quoting from madhav godboles book in which the former bureaucrat claimed that former pm indira gandhi had rejected the idea of demonetisation telling then finance minister yb chavan about electoral compulsions.
;;0.0;;he flayed modi for his caustic bathing-in-a-raincoat remarks against former pm manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;chidambaram said modi made those remarks because that is his nature.
;;-0.7906;;prime minister modi modis note ban caught many black money hoarders off guard, who were forced to deposit the unaccounted money in banks and now pay a hefty tax.
;;0.3612;;they referred to prime minister modi modis november 8, 2016 speech announcing the demonetisation policy, and a subsequent notification that promised people would be able to deposit the old notes till march 31, 2017.
;;0.0;;the president along with the crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan and prime minister modi were seated in the ashoka hall while the remaining guests were accommodated in other three places.
;;-0.1531;;he said contractors affected by this alleged tweaking have approached prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will meet women mps of the bjp over breakfast at his official residence here on friday, sources said on thursday.
;;0.0;;an mp, who attended one of these meetings, said modi directly interacted with them and describe it as more of an informal one.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi will address an additional six rallies as the last lap of the lok sabha election campaign approaches, while bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah will hold 11 more rallies than previously scheduled, people with direct knowledge of the plan said on sunday.
;;0.8016;;dont vote only for sunny deol, vote for him so that modi becomes pm again and makes the county more secure, shah told the crowd at an election event in pathankot in support of the bollywood actors candidature.
;;-0.765;;addressing similar events in haryanas sonepat and panipat earlier in the day, the bjp president invoked the air strikes in pakistans balakot and asserted that modi had directed the indian air force to blow the terrorists to smithereens.
;;0.6597;;after coming to power, prime minister modi laid down an ambitious rs 6 lakh crore investment plan to increase the solar power capacity to 100 gw by 2022.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is targeting 175 gigawatts of renewable capacity in the south asian nation by 2022, more than double the 80.
;;0.0;;ahead of up polls prime minister modi had tried to connect with the community by taking up the issue of triple talaq.
;;0.7351;;prime minister modi on saturday linked an event to promote out-of-the-box thinking among the youth to his vision of a new india, saying innovation and technology will shape the future of the country.
;;0.3182;;your approach will strengthen new india, modi added.
;;0.25;;a student told modi , the dream of your new india is also our mission.
;;0.0;;emphasising that demographic dividend will turn into development dividend for india through innovations, modi also advised students not to give up on any idea.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi said last month that the government was looking at such a law to improve affordability of medicines in the country of 1.
;;-0.4404;;continuing his national security pitch, prime minister modi on thursday accused the congress and its allies of speaking the language that supports terrorism.
;;0.0;;modi was addressing a rally at the local aerodrome ground in bhagalpur, where chief minister nitish kumar and ljp chief ram vilas paswan were also present.
;;0.6597;;modi also highlighted the social security schemes like ayushman bharat and others launched by his government.
;;0.0;;union minister ashwini kumar chowbey and bihars deputy cm modi were also present at the rally.
;;0.25;;prime minister modi reacted to the result on twitter and said that wins and losses are a part of life.
;;-0.9423;;kansas governor sam brownback has written a letter to prime minister modi expressing profound regret at the terrible act of violence against indian nationals last month and said that acts of hate and intolerance have no place in his state.
;;0.8442;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 18:43 istrashtriya swayamsevak sangh chief mohan bhagwat on thursday praised prime minister modi for nullifying article 370 that gave special status to jammu and kashmir and said the government had shown courage.
;;0.7096;;watch| pm modi interacts with children after independence day speechhe said now the people in jammu and kashmir can live peacefully like other citizens of the country.
;;0.7184;;this has happened because of the strong will power and determination of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5859;;as waiver of crop loan for small and marginal farmers is the first poll promise mentioned in the manifesto and prime minister modi had promised to implement it at the first cabinet meeting of the new government, senior officers are busy collecting details about total loan amount and financial implications of implementing the decision.
;;-0.4939;;speaking at a party conference in nawia subh complex here, the national conference chief said, did pm modi ever pay homage to the numerous jawans who were killed in action?
;;-0.1027;;did pm modi ever visited to pay floral tributes to them.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at prime minister modi , the former cm said while people were asked not to attend a function at pakistan high commission on their national day on march 23, the pm had sent messages of felicitations to their prime minister imran khan.
;;0.5423;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 17:12 istprime minister modi , who turns 69 on tuesday, met his mother modi at her residence in gujarats gandhinagar to seek her blessings.
;;0.0;;modi had inaugurated the statue, billed as the tallest in the world, on the birth anniversary of india first home minister sardar vallabhbhai patels on october 31 last year.
;;0.6249;;watch: on 69th birthday, pm modi meets his mother & seeks her blessingshave a look at the majestic statue of unity, indias tribute to the great sardar patel, pm modi tweeted along with a 1:30-minute video.
;;0.0;;read: modi is a multi-faceted personality, writes amit shahthe prime minister also spent some time at the khalvani eco-tourism site and a cactus garden in kevadiya.
;;0.5423;;in may, pm modi had paid a visit to his mother and sought her blessings after the bjps massive victory in the lok sabha elections 2019.
;;0.4019;;the foreign ministers dialogue on august 11-13 in beijing and the special representative talks are precursors to the october 11-12 informal summit between prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping in india for which varanasi is being considered as the potential venue.
;;0.0;;bjp insiders said prime minister modi has his own mechanism of assessing the state governments performances.
;;-0.2732;;the idea is to cut down on food wastage, a concern voiced by prime minister modi during his monthly radio address to the nation  man ki baat.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , bjp chief amit shah, rss chief mohan bhagwat, former prime ministers manmohan singh and hd deve gowda, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and congress president rahul gandhi have visited vajpayee at the aiims over the past four days.
;;0.7783;;he said the prime minister modi , home minister amit shah and defence minister rajnath singh have been briefed on the rescue and relief efforts in karnataka.
;;0.2263;;11:25 am ist pm has assured to provide assistance: rahul gandhi wayanad mp rahul gandhi has spoken to prime minister modi regarding assistance for people affected by floods and landslides in kerala, especially in wayanad, which is the worst-hit district.
;;0.0258;;9:35 am ist will reach out to pm modi: rahul gandhi rahul gandhis parliamentary constituency wayanad is the worst-hit by rains in kerala.
;;0.0258;;the congress leader late thursday tweeted that he would reach out to prime minister modi to brief him about the situation in the state and to request for assistance from the central government.
;;0.4404;;i will be reaching out to pm modi as well to brief him & request central govt.
;;-0.296;;december 6: at her funeral, vk sasikala and her family, many of whom jayalalithaa despised, surround her body and welcome prime minister modi and others.
;;0.0;;january 19: panneerselvam meets pm modi to get an ordinance permitting jallikattu passed.
;;0.6124;;prime minister modi on monday alleged that the opposition parties were asking people to refrain from going to polling booths in scorching heat as modis victory is for sure.
;;0.4588;;modi was addressing a rally in jamua assembly segment in koderma lok sabha seat, where bjps candidate and rjds former state unit chief annapurna devi is pitted against grand alliance nominee and former chief minister babulal marandi.
;;0.7645;;even if you know modi is winning, you show more enthusiasm and cast your votes because it is your duty, he said, adding, it is necessary to cast vote and it is equally necessary that these votes go to modi.
;;0.5023;;modi also took this opportunity to appeal the voters of nearby giridih parliamentary constituency, which went into ajsu partys kitty as part of bjp-ajsu pre-poll alliance.
;;-0.2732;;modi also pointed out how jharkhand too faced political instability for more than a decade and one of its former chief ministers went to jail under charges of corruption.
;;-0.765;;the akali dal urged prime minister modi to end unjust and unconstitutional incarceration of these prisoners on the eve of the 550th parkash purb of guru nanak.
;;0.0;;with a rally to be addressed by prime minister modi , scheduled at ramlila maidan on wednesday afternoon, and a congress road show in north east delhi around the same time, the delhi traffic police has alerted commuters about possible jams on roads in central and east delhi during this period.
;;0.2732;;three years into his term, prime minister modi remains popular and has no credible challenger.
;;-0.7906;;strangely enough, there has been no word on the issue from chief minister edappadi palanisamy, though his predecessor o panneerselvam issued a statement asking prime minister modi to repeal the ban.
;;0.0;;the 135km long eastern peripheral expressway to be inaugurated by prime minister modi on sunday will reduce the movement of commercial traffic by 35 per cent in delhi as an estimated 52,000 vehicles will be able to bypass delhi everyday.
;;-0.4767;;the election commission of india (eci) has suspended a karnataka-cadre indian administrative service (ias) officer who was serving as general observer for the sambalpur lok sabha constituency in odisha for checking a vehicle in the convoy of prime minister modi in breach of the poll watchdogs guidelines.
;;0.3657;;indiaupdated: sep 15, 2019 13:45 istbengal chief minister mamata banerjee, one of prime minister modi modis most trenchant critics, called upon people on sunday to do everything it takes to protect rights and freedoms guaranteed by the constitution as she warned of a super emergency under the current regime.
;;-0.34;;khattar has been under fire from the opposition first for not arranging a meeting with prime minister modi on the syl issue and later for meeting him without taking opposition leaders along.
;;0.0;;an announcement on this is imminent, added the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, and may even be made by prime minister modi in the next couple of days.
;;0.4767;;the modi government has an ambitious plan to transform kashmir into the switzerland of the indian subcontinent by tapping its potential for tourism, sericulture, horticulture and food processing, the officials said, listing details of the plan.
;;0.4939;;the status of the over rs 80,000 crore development package announced by pm modi in november 2015 is being reviewed and the unfinished projects will be implemented with fresh vigour, a second official said.
;;0.0;;all posters and advertisement material will be headlined by chief minister devendra fadnavis and prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.5106;;ranchiupdated: aug 05, 2019 02:52 isttigers no longer roar at jharkhands lone and one of indias first tiger habitats, palamau tiger reserve (ptr), according to all india tiger estimation (aite)-2018 report, released by prime minister modi on july 29, the international tiger day.
;;0.6597;;the energy minister reminded bjp leaders of the fact that prime minister modi had appreciated electrification work in bihar during his hajipur visit in march 2016.
;;0.0;;months before prime minister modi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi on wednesday greeted the nation on the occasion of basant panchami.
;;0.6705;;greetings on the special occasion of basant panchami, prime minister modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;two such screens had been placed  one each at gaurikund and kedarnath  during prime minister modi modis visit to the kedarnath shrine on may 3.
;;-0.3818;;it has been established now that prime minister modi fooled the people of india.
;;-0.4939;;terror outfits, apart from economic offenders, are making hay and thanking the modi government for this unprecedented bonanza, said party spokesman ajoy kumar.
;;0.0516;;while both chunni lal and mittal are aged above 75  a cut-off set in the bjp by prime minister modi for contesting polls  in mittals exclusion, allegations of corruption against him played a key part, sources said.
;;-0.7717;;a three-month pregnant woman has written to prime minister modi urging him to end the practice of triple talaq after her husband abandoned her fearing she may give birth to a girl again.
;;0.0;;the mother of two girls has written to prime minister modi and sent a copy of the letter to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath to apprise them of her situation.
;;-0.2263;;modi further noted that there is a dire need for tangible initiatives to bridge this pay gap with removing structural impediments to womens growth providing access to skills training, jobs; and decision-making.
;;0.1779;;cows are considered holy by many hindus, and have gained in importance since prime minister modi stormed to power in 2014 with several bjp-ruled states enacting strict laws to punish cow slaughter.
;;-0.25;;as protest mounted in the state, chief minister pinarayi vijayan shot off a letter to prime minister modi , saying the centre couldnt draw up a menu and change the food habits of people.
;;0.7003;;the union cabinet led by prime minister modi is all set to clear the third phase of the pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana (pmgsy), the flagship rural road scheme, with a focus on improving connectivity between villages and agricultural markets.
;;0.6808;;while prime minister modi , whose energetic campaign n karnataka, where he addressed over 20 election rallies, gave the party an electoral fillip, hindu consolidation was a key factor, he said.
;;0.0;;they have written to prime minister modi , housing and urban affairs minister hardeep singh puri and dda vice-chairman tarun kapoor in this regard.
;;0.25;;presenting the draft 15-year vision document at a meeting chaired by prime minister modi , niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariya said the centre and states discussed various reforms that are required in coming years including the implementation of goods and services tax from july.
;;0.3182;;he said modi has urged states to use the government e-market place (gem) platform to reduce corruption and increase transparency in procurement.
;;0.0;;modi also pitched for use of technologies such as bhim and aadhaar.
;;-0.5423;;prime minster modi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022, and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the bjp out of power, he added.
;;0.6486;;already unnerved by the growing bonhomie between the bjp and the jd (u) and exchange of praise between prime minister modi and chief minister nitish kumar at the recently concluded prakash parv of guru gobind singh, choudhary said he would not attend the jd (u) feast as he would be out of the state capital on sunday.
;;0.7184;;senior bjp leader and former deputy chief minister modi , however said, leaders of his party would definitely attend the jd (u) feast if the invite was not withdrawn, as it did with modi in 2010.
;;0.0;;adityanath lauded prime minister modi modis leadership and said india is establishing its own place in the world.
;;0.0;;this was possible under the leadership of prime minister modi , he said.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister modi had expressed his extreme displeasure over the attacks in conversations with the army and air force chiefs, a third government official said on condition of anonymity.
;;-0.8086;;after the modi government came back to power last month, it revived the move for action against commanders under whose watch their establishments were attacked by terrorists, a fourth senior official who did not want to be named said.
;;0.0;;jaitleys dole outs are in addition to what prime minister modi presented on december 31.
;;0.7269;;thackeray, who shared the stage with prime minister modi on tuesday in latur, said that staunch hindus are happy.
;;-0.3818;;vaghelas vanishing act has fuelled rumours that the former chief minister, once a close associate of prime minister modi , is upset with the congress leadership for refusing to name him the chief ministerial candidate and may ditch the party for greener pastures.
;;0.0;;a one-time ally of modi during his rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) days, vaghela is one of the most-seasoned politicians with a wide network of contacts across the state.
;;0.3919;;but his loyalists say he is the only who can match modi in political astuteness.
;;0.7184;;and much like prime minister modi , who also sold tea in his home state gujarat to support his family, mauryas rise to the top in the states politics is nothing short of phenomenon.
;;0.6369;;maurya is credited as much as modi and party president amit shah in scripting the bjp sweep in the recently-held assembly polls.
;;0.0;;following the demonetisation move by prime minister modi , the government is aiming to be a less-cash economy and is pushing for more digital transactions.
;;0.0;;rapid was coined by prime minister modi during the rajswa gyan sangam (revenue knowledge conclave) of the tax officers last year.
;;-0.7351;;his death was condoled by senior politicians, including prime minister modi who said he was in a meeting with dave on wednesday evening and described the demise as a personal loss.
;;0.5709;;he was tremendously passionate towards conserving the environment, modi tweeted.
;;0.0;;many within the congress are even betting on her to take on prime minister modi from varanasi constituency.
;;-0.5267;;congress leader and former chief minister prithviraj chavan wrote a letter to prime minister modi asking him to recall two ministers on the tour organized at a time farmers in the state are in distress.
;;0.7096;;khalistani activist sukhminder singh hansra with opposition conservative party of ontario leader patrick brown, who has, in the past, described prime minister modi as a friend.
;;0.2263;;demand for diamonds in india slowed late last year following prime minister modi modis decision to scrap high value banknotes as part of a crackdown on tax evasion and counterfeiters.
;;0.0;;the plant was established here when modi was chief minister of gujarat.
;;-0.0772;;the last segment was held on november 15, 2016, where chief minister arvind kejriwal had levelled serious allegations against prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4404;;after he assumed office for the second term, pm modi has constituted a cabinet committee to tackle the issue of unemployment.
;;-0.296;;presence of jd(u) mlc manorama devi, an accused in liquor haul case, at the dais of prime minister modi and chief minister nitish kumar here on april 2 has caused a flutter in the local political circles, particularly in the nda camp.
;;0.0;;at the rally, modi even mentioned her name in his speech.
;;0.7269;;may appreciated the progress made on issues discussed between her and prime minister modi during her visit to new delhi in november.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is scheduled to inaugurate the centre during his uttarakhand visit on wednesday.
;;0.886;;why do fadnavis and his party need such people to win elections, given that prime minister modi is popular and the chief minister himself compares well with the states politicians?
;;0.5994;;modi has used the annual event to announce his governments showpiece programmes like swachh bharat, ayushman bharat and indias first manned space mission, and also to present a report card on its performance to highlight how the country has grown on his watch.
;;0.0;;there is also a view that modi may seek to address concerns over the economic slowdown.
;;0.4019;;here is a look back at the pms previous speeches:aug 15, 2014: pm modi spoke of cleanliness and the need to build toilets, declared the launching of clean india campaign on october 2.
;;0.6249;;cows are considered holy by many hindus and have gained in importance since prime minister modi stormed to power in 2014.
;;0.0;;after laying the foundation stone for the mumbai-ahmedbad high speed rail corridor in september 2017, prime minister modi described this project as one of the markers of a new india.
;;-0.6597;;if something is wrong, let us admit it and not live in denial simply because prime minister modi has said it is wrong, she said.
;;0.5859;;with national cyber security coordinator in the prime ministers office dr gulshan rai bound for tel aviv this week, india and israel are all set to institutionalise cyber security cooperation in the run-up to prime minister modi modis maiden visit to jerusalem in july.
;;0.0;;the chief minister didnt go to marina, but rushed to new delhi to meet prime minister modi modi.
;;0.128;;7:30pm: with pm modi virtually indicating his governments inability to promulgate an ordinance to allow jallikattu, the dmk termed it regrettable and said if cm o panneeselvam had taken an all party delegation to meet him, the feelings of the people of the state could have been expressed better.
;;0.93;;7:00pm: bjps state unit welcomed the meeting between modi and cm o panneerselvam on the jallikattu issue, saying it was a healthy approach and lauded the pm for creating an opportunity to highlight the strong feelings of the state.
;;-0.4215;;1:30 pm: pattali makkal katchi (pmk) leader and dharmapuri mp anbumani ramadoss is protesting outside the residence of prime minister modi due to the latters refusal to meet him for a discussion over the bull taming sport of jallikattu.
;;0.6249;;while appreciating the cultural significance of jallikattu, the prime minister observed that the matter is presently sub-judice, tweets pm modi after meeting tamil nadu chief minister o pannerselvam.
;;0.0;;11:05 am:delhi: tamil nadu chief minister o. pannerselvam meets prime minister modi to urge ordinance on #jallikattu.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/2wlz0dj4kk  ani (@ani_news) january 19, 201710:25 am: chief minister o panneerselvam arrives at 7, lok kalyan marg to meet prime minister modi to urge ordinance on jallikattu.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister modi once again launched a stinging attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee from cooch behar calling her a speed-breaker didi and accusing her of stalling all development projects in the state.
;;0.7184;;as chants of modi modi rent the air, the prime minister said, people of the state have shown her the mirror and have expressed a desire to free themselves from her despotic rule.
;;0.0772;;prime minister modi referred to a recent statement by national conference chief omar abdullah that the post of prime minister would be revived in jammu and kashmir he said, didi is now joining hands with people who want two prime ministers in the country.
;;0.571;;it will not be easy for prime minister modi , who won a second term in office with a thumping majority, to revive a slowing economy.
;;0.5481;;amber said the bill in the present form was not acceptable to them and she had written a letter to prime minister modi to invite religious scholars and bodies like the aimplb, jamat-e- islami and jamait-i-ulema hind for discussion before giving a nod to the new bill.
;;0.5574;;the supreme court on monday directed the commission to watch the full biopic on modi and take an informed decision on banning its pan india release by april 19.
;;0.296;;in india, westinghouse has been in talks with state-owned nuclear power corporation of india about a contract to build six ap1000s, a project strongly backed by both prime minister modi and former us president barack obama.
;;0.4019;;state urban development minister c p singh said, modi has become nemesis for non-bjp parties across india.
;;-0.5267;;wonder why they are so afraid of modi , he said, declining that the state has violated any election norm as of date.
;;-0.5267;;the 86-week-long campaign that transformed versova beach, one of the dirtiest in mumbai, to one of its cleanest, found a mention in mann ki baat  a monthly radio programme hosted by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.34;;while talking about the importance of preserving the environment, waste segregation and clean india, modi highlighted the versova beach clean-up as a peoples movement.
;;0.3818;;with 8 days to go for world environment day, pm modi launches a national clean-up on a scale never seen, tweeted solheim adding, bold leadership with tangible results.
;;0.0;;in the run up the polls, both prime minister modi and congress president rahul gandhi addressed election rallies at the same venue in chaibasa under singhbhum lok sabha seat.
;;0.7003;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee has urged prime minister modi to treat contributions by business houses to the chief ministers relief funds as money spent by companies on corporate social responsibility (csr) activities, which would entitle the donors to claim tax breaks.
;;-0.128;;after prime minister modi modis sudden decision to withdraw all high currency denomination notes of rs 500 and 1,000 on november 8, bankers have worked tirelessly to keep up with the demand of the customers.
;;0.0;;appointments committee of the cabinet (acc), headed by prime minister modi , appointed rajkiran rai g, executive director of oriental bank of commerce, as md and ceo of union bank of india for a period of three years.
;;0.5423;;prime minister modi is expected to attend a meeting of bjps jammu and kashmir core group called here on tuesday, with top party leaders, including its chief amit shah, set to discuss political atmosphere and partys preparedness for assembly elections whenever they are held, sources said.
;;0.5423;;the likely presence of modi and shah in the meeting is significant and hints at the party gearing up for the state assembly elections, whose schedule will be finalised by the election commission after it receives a go-ahead from the central and state governments on law and order situation.
;;0.0;;mulayam said that because of akhilesh, the prime minister modi said the one who cannot be of his father, can't be of anyone else.
;;0.9042;;the bharatiya janata party praised prime minister modi and finance minister arun jaitley on wednesday for presenting a budget that it said will push growth, create employment, promote farm sector and give relief to the poor and middle-class.
;;0.6249;;read: budget 2017: finance minister arun jaitley springs surprise by avoiding populism in election seasonthe party also hailed the announcement relating to donation to political parties, saying modi has kept his 2014 promise of dealing a blow to the menace of black money in political funding.
;;0.34;;vehicle registration at the city rtos dropped last year, after prime minister modi announced his decision to scrap high value notes on november 8, said rto sources.
;;-0.2732;;a remark by senior congress leader sam pitroda over the 1984 anti-sikh riots was completely out of line, party president rahul gandhi said on friday as the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) and prime minister modi tore into the opposition party for what they said was an attempt to trivialise the violence.
;;0.1531;;let your tears flow, otherwise the standing water will attract dengue-causing mosquitoes, reads a graffiti while a poster on an adjacent wall has the face of the owner next to that of prime minister modi , the first holding a plate full of cash.
;;0.5994;;the lotus painting incident came soon after prime minister modi warmly praised kumar for his prohibition drive, at a public function, which was followed by an invitation extended to bjp leaders by jd (u) state president bashishtha narayan singh for the makar sankranti feast, which was later cancelled.
;;0.25;;kumar had earlier broken ranks with other opposition parties to back pm modi on his decision to demonetise high value currency notes.
;;0.0;;the achievement came to light from a tweet by union human resource and development (hrd) minister, prakash javadekar to prime minister modi , informing him about the discovery on february 1.
;;0.5023;;but then he was tripped up by his own leaders  first modi and amit shah during their campaign in uttar pradesh promised a loan write-off for farmers in that state.
;;0.296;;they havent signed the proposal yet but they wont oppose it, parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi said after four top bjp leaders including prime minister modi signed the proposal to nominate om birla.
;;-0.0772;;nationalist congress party chief sharad pawars meeting with prime minister modi in new delhi on wednesday has sparked speculation in political circles in maharashtra, coming as it does at a time when the bjps ally, the shiv sena, is attacking it at every turn.
;;0.4939;;the sena, on the other hand, has run a long and intriguing campaign against the bjp, against chief minister devendra fadnavis and extended this even to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.128;;this is not the first time that the bharatiya janata party (bjp), under prime minister modi , has cast grave doubts over indias nfu commitment since it is has been in power.
;;0.0;;enter modi modi.
;;-0.4939;;the fear of annihilation, and blackmail, is not one-sided, the modi government seems to be re-assuring us.
;;-0.4767;;the residents held a meeting on sunday and shot off letters to prime minister modi , haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar, among others, demanding immediate action to stop the process.
;;-0.8481;;congress leader sushmita devs lawyer abhishek singhvi told the court on monday that there were numerous instances where the election commission had found remarks by a political leader to be a poll code violation but found no violation when a similar allegation was leveled against pm modi and amit shah.
;;-0.1419;;in five cases relating to pm modi , one of the three election commissioners did not agree with the final decision but the dissenting view has not been incorporated in the final order that was passed.
;;-0.4019;;ht editorial | the election commission cannot be so selectivethe decisions by the election commission come after sushmita dev, who is a member of parliament from assams silchar in the outgoing lok sabha, accused the election commission of sitting on complaints against the pm modi and amit shah.
;;-0.7269;;in her petition before the top court, dev accused modi and shah of hate speeches and using armed forces for political propaganda.
;;0.7003;;a slick video with a foot-tapping song in hindi, and images of prime minister theresa may wearing a sari and meeting prime minister modi during her november 2016 visit to india, has been released by the conservative party to woo the indian community.
;;0.4019;;modi featured in several conservative party posters at the time and in the 2016 london mayoral election.
;;-0.25;;a week after prime minister modi modis proposed visit to the shrine was cancelled, congress leader and former chief minister harish rawat on sunday begun trekking to the shrine.
;;0.0;;the modi government particularly has been focusing in the kedar valley.
;;0.0;;the ministry of external affairs has said that prime minister modi will attend the 2019 g20 osaka summit in osaka, japan from june 27-29.
;;0.0;;this would be the sixth time that prime minister modi would be participating in the summit.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi had himself reached out to virat kohli and several other sports personalities to vote and spread awareness about the same.
;;0.0;;earlier, porter called on prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5106;;indiaupdated: aug 20, 2019 00:14 istus president donald trump conveyed to prime minister modi the importance of reducing tensions between india and pakistan and maintaining peace in the region in a phone conversation during which they discussed regional developments and the us-india strategic partnership.
;;0.0;;also read | pact with congress would be same as allying with bjp: modi the partys general secretary, you have the responsibility of eastern uttar pradesh but you also visited gandhinagar, silchar and wayanad.
;;0.6249;;citing its depleting political strength, the bjp on tuesday mocked at the congress, saying its working committee should ponder if it was left with any working hand instead of the work of modi government.
;;-0.9393;;rejecting the congress chiefs charge that there was fear in the country under prime minister modi , bjp spokesperson sambit patra invoked 1984 anti-sikh riots and the emergency imposed by indira gandhi and said that fear prevailed in those times, not now.
;;-0.743;;lalit modi , the former indian premier league chief, has threatened to sue congress president rahul gandhi for his all modis are thieves remark while targeting prime minister modi in the election rallies.
;;0.0;;but reality is that the world knows five decades of daylight looting of india was done by none other than the gandhi family, modi tweeted on friday morning tagging pm modi on the micro-blogging site.
;;0.0772;;he was referring to gandhis attack on pm modi holding him responsible for the alleged financial irregularities committed by businessman nirav modi and the former cricket administrator.
;;-0.5106;;gandhi had earlier this week asked how all thieves have modi as the common surname.
;;-0.5106;;why all thieves have modi in their names whether it is nirav modi , modi or modi modi?
;;-0.5267;;lalit modis threat to sue gandhi followed a defamation suit filed by bihar deputy chief minister modi against the congress president.
;;-0.6808;;sushil modi has filed a criminal complaint before a bihar court under section 500 of ipc (punishment for defamation) against gandhi for the same comment.
;;0.0;;pm modi , too, has hit back at gandhi for the remark.
;;0.0;;gandhi has been targeting pm modi over rafale deal alleging malfeasance in the rs 59,000 crore deal.
;;0.6369;;he has alleged that pm modi scrapped the rafale deal being negotiated by the previous congress-led government with the intention of benefiting his industrialist friend anil ambani, whose reliance defence is an offset partner of the dassault aviation, the french firm which has got contract for the supply of 36 rafale fighter jets.
;;-0.5106;;prime minister modi on tuesday treated the congress as his punching bag in the lok sabha during his reply to a discussion in lok sabha, rebutting criticism that his government had attempted to corner credit for indias development and belittled his predecessors.
;;0.0;;pm modi named former prime ministers pv narasimha rao and manmohan singh as two examples, wondering why congress leaders did not name either of them when they spoke about achievements of congress governments.
;;-0.0772;;pm modi also rejected suggestions that the nda government tried to belittle previous governments, underscoring that his government had gained appreciation by the public by outperforming his predecessors.
;;0.0;;the congress that led the opposition assault against the ruling bjp-led national coalition in the early part of the debate had alleged the government was driven by manipulation, called pm modi a big salesman and attributed the bjps stunning victory in the lok sabha elections only to its ability to sell its product well.
;;0.3818;;during the debate too, the bjp had hammered the opposition for building a false narrative in the run-up to the elections; its first speaker a first-time mp from odisha had also asked why the opposition was reluctant to praise pm modi.
;;0.128;;prime minister modi has repeatedly said that the north-east is at the heart of governments act east policy, a rechristening of the look east policy launched by pv narasimha rao government in early 1990s.
;;-0.5106;;state congress general secretary pankaj mehta addressing a news conference in kota, said the modi government at the centre was a complete failure during the last three years.
;;-0.1154;;prime minister modi and his cabinet colleagues promised to provide employment to youngsters but unemployment has further increased in the country after the centre decided to scrap high-value bank notes, he said.
;;0.7262;;the modi government promised to increase farmers agricultural income but the centre and bjp-led rajasthan government neither increased the minimum support price (msp) of the crops nor bought important crop like mustard in the msp list.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister modi on monday accused west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee of playing politics over the cyclone fani issue.
;;0.0;;pm modi , who was addressing a poll rally in bengals tamluk, said he tried to contact the bengal cm twice, but she didnt respond.
;;-0.765;;watch: frustrated didi jailing those who chant jai sri ram: pm modi slams mamataon sunday, a controversy had erupted with the bengal administration alleging that the prime minister had bypassed the state chief minister mamata banerjee and had called governor keshari nath tripathi asking him to prepare a report on the damage that had been inflicted by cyclone fani in the state.
;;0.0;;attention has been drawn to reports in a section of the media, that the trinamool congress has expressed its displeasure at prime minister modi speaking only to west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi, about the post-fani situation in the state.
;;-0.3724;;the modi government never respected that.
;;0.2263;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 15:39 istprime minister modi on saturday hailed the 100-day performance by his bharatiya janata party-led nda 2.
;;0.5719;;the supreme court on tuesday dismissed a petition by a congress activist seeking a stay on the release of a biopic on prime minister modi , saying the election commission can look into the matter.
;;0.8442;;the top court said whether the film pm modi tilts the electoral balance in favour of a political party, that is the bharatiya janata party (bjp, is an issue that can be decided by the poll watchdog.
;;0.0;;it is almost fortuitous that prime minister modi has come for the intergovernmental consultations held every two years between new delhi and berlin at this point.
;;0.7184;;prime minister modi and president donald trump will meet for the first time on june 26 during the indian leaders two-day visit to the united states, with their discussions expected to set the agenda for strengthening the bilateral strategic partnership.
;;0.3612;;it was during the congratulatory call after he got elected that oli invited modi to come to nepal soon, and modi had promised he would do so.
;;0.0;;such a quick reciprocal visit, in just over a month is unusual for modi.
;;0.0;;oli had long requested a one-on-one meeting with modi , without the presence of any official, and got it in delhi.
;;0.4019;;modi will meet nc president and former pm, sher bahadur deuba, and his party representatives.
;;0.4019;;modi will also have a goodwill meeting with olis key ally pushpa kamal dahal prachanda, chairman of the communist party of nepal (maoist centre).
;;0.0;;modi will finish off his balancing act from where he starts: the southern plains, tarai.
;;0.3612;;the fact that modi is beginning his visit from janakpur in province 2, a madhesi-dominated province, is itself a signal and symbolic recognition of the importance india accords to them.
;;0.7783;;modi will also meet the leaders of the two prominent madhesi parties and convey a message that madhesi forces should remain united.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi embarked on a two-day visit to bishkek in kyrgyzstan on thursday for the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;0.0;;the bilaterals will take place when prime minister modi is in the kyrgyz capital of bishkek to attend the meeting of council of heads of state (chs) of sco from june 13 to 14.
;;-0.296;;however, there would be no talks between modi and khan.
;;0.0;;moreover, india recently announced that modi will not take the pakistani air space for flying to the sco summit in bishkek in kyrgyzstan and instead will fly by the circuitous route through oman and iran.
;;0.0;;notably, amarinder had recently taken up the proposal of punjab selling electricity to pakistan with prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.8271;;prime minister modi and home minister amit shah have blamed the special status for much of the states problems, right from hindering development to terrorism.
;;0.5859;;the north london mp, who is also chair of the all party parliamentary group (appg) on british hindus, has been a long-time supporter of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;bakhriya wrote to prime minister modi last year, seeking his intervention.
;;0.3612;;from the beginning of its first term in 2014, the modi government has brought transparency in governance for greater public participation, singh said.
;;0.0;;us president donald trump will speak to prime minister modi over phone late on tuesday, the white house has said.
;;0.0;;modi would be the fifth foreign leader trump would have spoken to over phone after being sworn in as the us president on january 20.
;;0.0;;after trumps victory in the november 8 general elections, modi was among the world leaders who congratulated the real estate tycoon-turned-politician.
;;0.4927;;i look forward to working with prime minister modi , trump had said, adding that the indian leader is very energetic.
;;-0.1395;;the modi government is unlikely to undertake any major reform in the remainder of its term but may channel its energy to publicise achievements and emerge more people-friendly with lower taxes, says a report.
;;0.5719;;rather than look to conquer new ground in the run-up to the 2019 hustings, we expect prime minister modi to focus on cementing the success of his reforms and infrastructure projects already started.
;;-0.4939;;notwithstanding his aggressive reforms since 2014, we believe modi will be selective in picking his battles and deploying his political capital ahead of the 2019 polls.
;;0.0972;;closer to the polls, modi might consider deploying his political capital more to boost bjps nationalist credentials rather than its reformist image, argues sanyal.
;;0.7269;;having achieved some success on the anti-graft drive (over rs 4,313 crore black money have been unearthed since may 2014), modi may play up this again, says the report.
;;0.4019;;modi will keep the rhetoric against corruption, including stricter norms of funding political parties, high- pitched ahead of the polls, says the report.
;;0.0;;mutp-iii has three major projects, virar-dahanu quadrupling, airoli-kalawa elevated link and panvel-karjat doubling, that were inaugurated by modi last year.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi also visited teslas california facility in 2015.
;;0.0;;in an interview to ramesh vinayak, khattar spoke about the upcoming assembly elections, his track record, and his association with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;you have long been an associate of modi before he became prime minister?
;;0.0772;;prime minister modi said that as far he knows, the previous united progressive alliance (upa) government did not launch any surgical strikes as claimed by the former prime minister manmohan singh in an interview with hindustan times last week.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi wants every home and school to have access to a toilet by 2019, in time for the 150th anniversary of mahatma gandhis birth.
;;0.5574;;bihar chief minister nitish kumar has called the junking of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes a monumental mismanagement, after months of heaping praise on prime minister modi modis decision.
;;0.0;;not too long ago, kumar was seen as cozying up to his bte noir and prime minister modi at the birth anniversary celebrations of sikh religious leader, guru gobind singh.
;;-0.128;;on march 16, he was part of a delegation from karbi anglong who met prime minister modi , to submit a memorandum reiterating the demand for an autonomous state for the tribal autonomous areas.
;;-0.1779;;the campaign for the polls was a high-decibel one with star campaigners like prime minister modi and congress chief rahul gandhi mounting vitriolic attacks in their respective speeches.
;;0.4767;;the congress claimed the results prove that the popularity of prime minister modi and his government has declined.
;;0.8658;;ravi shastri, cricketer-turned-commentator, took to twitter to congratulate the bharatiya janata party (bjp) for its landslide win in the recently concluded uttar pradesh elections through his trademark tracer bullet comment and got a witty response from prime minister modi modi.
;;0.6597;;read | mohammad kaif wishes modi on bjps up win.
;;0.3612;;the pair of pm @narendramodi & @amitshah went past 300-mark like a #tracerbullet  ravi shastri (@ravishastriofc) march 16, 2017pm modi responded to shastri sportingly by replying with an analogy that the commentator often uses.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister modi , has approved the proposal of the ministry of power for signing of a memorandum of understanding (mou) for establishment of the bimstec grid interconnection, an official statement said today.
;;-0.6908;;yadav, whose self-shot videos about bad quality food served to jawans went viral, has now appealed to prime minister modi for support, saying he is being mentally tortured as he exposed corruption in the force.
;;0.0772;;modi held seven rallies in mp and projected the image of being a strong leader, spoke on development issues and attacked the dynastic politics of the congress.
;;0.4215;;a senior congress leader said on condition of anonymity that while the people appeared to have voted against the bjp state government in the december elections, they had put their faith in modi for the general elections.
;;0.2732;;in a subsequent interview, prime minister modi said he could never find it in his heart to forgive her.
;;0.0;;chief minister modi has strived to upgrade every component of this sector.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will attend the function to mark the 550th parkash purb of guru nanak dev on november 12 at sultanpur lodhi.
;;0.0;;the delegation apprised modi about the various programmes to be held to mark the 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak.
;;0.2732;;sukhbir said modi has agreed to attend the function and even instructed the ministry of external affairs to facilitate the nagar kirtan commencing from nankana sahib, the birth place of the first sikh master in pakistan, on july 25.
;;0.3818;;the delegation also told modi that sikh devotes from across the world wanted to mark the celebrations by holding appropriate commemorative functions at all places visited by guru nanak.
;;0.4019;;party state unit president ajay bhatt said prime minister modi was requested to be present during the opening of the portals of the kedarnath temple on may 3.
;;0.3182;;congress on thursday latched on to former prime minister manmohan singhs defence of rbi governor urijit patel in the parliamentary standing committee meeting to target his successor modi modi.
;;0.4588;;modi is diminishing its independence acted against public interest, senior leader kapil sibal tweeted.
;;-0.8555;;in a memorandum submitted to rbi offices, which were gheraoed by its workers on wednesday, congress has demanded that the governor must resign taking responsibility for the notes ban mess and for permitting the modi government to encroach upon the banks jurisdiction and rendering it as a mouthpiece of the government.
;;-0.802;;an autocratic prime minister modi , bloating over the arrogance of numbers and a captive rbi, has plunged the country into a state of economic anarchy, wiping out peoples earnings and creating a colossal sense of fear and insecurity, it said.
;;0.6369;;india needs a movement akin to the freedom movement for its development, prime minister modi said on saturday.
;;0.3919;;referring to india today editor-in-chief aroon purie remark describing him as the disruptor-in-chief, the pm said, if there is a disruptor-in-chief, it is not modi but the people of india who are entitled to this moniker.
;;0.3818;;this is about opportunities for all, said prime minister modi.
;;-0.3612;;indiaupdated: sep 23, 2019 22:53 istthe time for talk is over, prime minister modi said monday at a un climate action summit that was marked by growing impatience and exasperation with climate skeptics such as us president donald trump who was in the audience and was the unmistakable target of some speakers.
;;-0.1779;;watch | time for talk over: pm addresses un climate summit after howdy modi eventwe believe than an ounce of practice is worth more than a tonne of preaching, prime minister modi said and proceeded to invite member nations of the world body to a new initiative india is launching to help commercial infrastructure withstand natural disasters and challenges, called the coalition of disaster resistant infrastructure.
;;0.8885;;modi also recounted with some satisfaction progress on the international solar alliance india launched with france in 2015 n the sidelines of the signing of the historic paris accord, which had also bagged him and the french president emmanuel macron the top un environment award in 2018.
;;0.4404;;while this was bad enough, pakistan has been truly shocked and dismayed at the united arab emirates and bahrain conferring their highest civilian awards on prime minister modi at a time when it is reviling him and the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) in the strongest terms.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi on sunday invited the heads of all parties to a meeting on june 19 to discuss the idea of one nation, one election, an issue that has lacked political consensus in the past and prompted consultations among experts.
;;0.6597;;in january 2018, prime minister modi said that all political parties should come together to support the idea as a lot of financial and human resources are used for frequent elections.
;;-0.2263;;gandhi last week asked prime minister modi to quell apprehensions about kashmir.
;;0.6249;;indiaupdated: aug 26, 2019 01:31 istit is time india moved beyond conservation and thought about compassion to create an environment where nature and wildlife can flourish, prime minister modi said on sunday.
;;0.0;;in his address, modi also referred to the poshan abhiyan (nutrition campaign) to be held next month and urged people to contribute.
;;0.0;;as pwd guest house is a state-owned property, there is nothing unusual in putting up the photograph of prime minister modi but the allegations of the removal of amu founders portrait are being looked into, singh said.
;;0.6486;;even if one of them supports the nda, the candidate put up by prime minister modi will sail through comfortably.
;;-0.872;;a teary-eyed prakash told the minister that his business has been ruined after demonetisation and the implementation of the goods and services tax and that he had to consume poison as his attempts to draw the attention of prime minister modi , finance minister arun jaitley and chief minister trivendra rawat through letters failed.
;;0.4939;;on his social handles, prakash had always praised pm modi.
;;0.0772;;the first, by indias prime minister modi , sounded a note of caution about the gains of globalisation being at risk.
;;-0.5994;;read: pm to lay down modi doctrine at second raisina hill dialoguesprime minister modi astutely observed at raisina the dust has not yet settled on what has replaced the cold war.
;;0.4019;;above all, the speeches by modi , johnson and harper at the raisina dialogue reflect their desire to couch globalisation in normative terms.
;;0.3612;;at raisina, pm modi highlighted the importance of these norms for the continued execution of the globalisation project.
;;-0.2263;;hardik patel, the firebrand leader of the patidar community demanding reservation in gujarat, on monday made a derogatory comment against prime minister modi , likening him to a jackal.
;;0.0;;at a press conference at his rented house at udaipur on monday, patel was asked for a comment on the latest controversy over the 2017 calendar of the khadi board that features modi sitting on a charkha (spinning wheel).
;;-0.296;;modi is a jackal no one can become a lion by just wearing the skin of a lion, he will remain a jackal, patel said.
;;0.802;;buoyed by bjps stunning victory in uttar pradesh assembly poll, the partys senior bihar leader modi thanked chief minister nitish kumar for not contesting in the state, which, he said, helped his party to come to power.
;;0.765;;the senior party leader took a dig at rjd supremo lalu prasad yadav saying, if lalu prasadji would not have gone to up and abused prime minister modi , samajwadi party could have gained 2-4 seats.
;;0.5106;;watch: what made modi the shah of uttar pradeshcrediting prime minister modi for the partys strong showing in the high-stakes up assembly polls, he said the resounding victory is a result of his policies such as demonetisation.
;;0.5574;;showering praise on bjp national president amit shah, modi in another tweet said shah is the man of the match.
;;0.0;;the issue will come up during talks between prime minister modi and the ruling bangladesh awami league leader hasina on saturday.
;;0.6249;;after promulgating the insolvency and bankruptcy code 2018, arming the homebuyers to have more say against builders who shortchange them, the modi government is planning more measures to provide relief to those who invest their lifes savings in their dream flat.
;;0.4019;;and i want to assure you that at the highest level of the government, right from prime minister modi to the finance ministry and my ministry, we are working towards that objective, union housing and urban affairs minister hardeep singh puri told ht.
;;0.0;;puri, a career diplomat who was handpicked by prime minister modi into his council of ministers and made rajya sabha from up was in lucknow for bjps sampark for samarthan campaign.
;;0.4767;;puri will be back in up in a couple of days to meet adityanath and other officials to take up the issue of homebuyers and discuss among other things the status of various flagship schemes of modi government  swacchta, odf mission, pradhan mantri awas yojana, smart cities and amrut.
;;0.3182;;pm modi has set march 2019 as the deadline for all municipalities to begin granting of building construction permission online.
;;0.0;;do we have anyone who can match up to pm modi?
;;-0.5574;;read more: modi , yogi is a hard taskmaster, says siddharth nath singhdeputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya, 48, directed the officials of the public works department to prepare a list of 10 bully contractors in the department.
;;0.3182;;agriculture minister surya pratap shahi said his department was readying the blue print of loan waiver of small and marginal farmers  a pre-poll promise made by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;it said: prime minister modi has reduced the indian economy to hiroshima and nagasaki.
;;-0.2057;;however, the much-anticipated pact pertaining to the $75 billion investment fund for infrastructure development in the country, was not among the agreements signed after talks between prime minister modi and crown prince of abu dhabi, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.0;;the deal was signed by oil minister dharmendra pradhan and a representative of adnoc after a meeting between prime minister modi and abu dhabis crown prince.
;;0.0;;president ram nath kovind with prime minister modi during the swearing-in ceremony of vice-president venkaiah naidu at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on friday.
;;0.7096;;pm welcomes farmers sonprime minister modi praised naidu for his various development schemes.
;;-0.6597;;venkaiah naidu is a farmers son and during his tenure as poverty alleviation minister, he has always upheld the interests of the poor, said pm modi while speaking in rajya sabha.
;;0.5859;;according to diplomats and national security officials based here, new york and geneva, national security advisor ajit doval is not accompanying pm modi on his us trip.
;;-0.296;;similarly, other international groupings such as the commonwealth of nations have communicated that they have no appetite to raise the kashmir issue in the context of abrogation of article 370 last month by the modi government.
;;-0.7506;;addressing a poll rally here, modi indicated that the congress chief was burdened with bofors sins of his late father (rajiv gandhi) and therefore, was accusing others of corruption.
;;-0.4767;;sog additional director general of police (adg) umesh mishra said that the group also arrested government college in khajuwalas principal ns modi for getting the m.com.
;;-0.4767;;modi got the paper for his son, nipun, who has also been arrested.
;;-0.3182;;govind pareek, professor of accountancy and business statistics at the university of rajasthan, leaked it to ns modi for his son.
;;0.4019;;some in the party went and spoke to prime minister modi about it.
;;0.5413;;modi was, however, very confident.
;;0.714;;a year-and-a-half later, it is precisely this faith in modi that has helped the party to a spectacular general election victory for the second time in a row.
;;0.0;;if 2014 combined a degree of anti-incumbency against the congress and the appeal of modi , 2019 was all about the pm.
;;0.4215;;also read | will take everyone along, even opponents: pm modi after big winnot for the last four decades in indian politics - indira gandhi is the closest example - has any leader commanded the national stage to such a degree, and evoked such faith among such a large section of the electorate.
;;0.9186;;and six kinds of modi voters could be identified - those who felt there was no alternative; those who saw in him a strong hindu leader; those who admired his strength in dealing with pakistani terror; those who thought he was selfless; those who appreciated the governments rural asset creation push; and those who reposed a very high degree of trust in him and would rather blame themselves for any setbacks in life (unemployment, stagnant farm incomes) than attribute it to structural policies of the modi government.
;;0.2006;;modi has admitted that his problem sometimes is of overconfidence, but never a lack of it.
;;0.1531;;the verdict means modi will have to hunker down and focus on governance.
;;0.4019;;modi must also help the bjp transition into becoming something more than just him.
;;0.0;;it is time for modi 2.
;;0.25;;amit shah, bjp chiefshah proves mettle as bjps master strategistif modi was the brand - make no mistake, it was truly his election - shah was the manager who took it to every household in the country and built a party machine that could convert it into votes.
;;0.0;;in 2014, shah managed only uttar pradesh and delivered the state to modi.
;;0.8622;;the first is that while he had been the second most powerful person in the party for a while now, this formally cements his position as a clear number 2, and even as a possible successor to modi.
;;0.8074;;he is sure to get a top cabinet position unless modi would like him to continue leading the party.
;;-0.5499;;rahul gandhi, congress presidenthis place in cong will be unchallenged but it is time to face tough questionscongress president rahul gandhi had only one goal in the 2019 elections: stop modi from coming to power.
;;0.0;;in both private conversations and his recent public interviews, gandhi continued to reiterate, with full conviction, that modi would not come back.
;;0.0;;few believed modi himself was corrupt or had made money on the deal.
;;0.7717;;and with the balakot strikes, there was even lesser resonance of the issue because modi had successfully converted national security and strengthening defence forces as a campaign plank and appropriated the chowkidar (watchman, guard of national security) tag.
;;-0.5859;;some state-specific alliances indeed helped the congress win more seats, but it also conveyed to the electorate a sense that the alternative to modi would be a weak alliance, with no clear leader, and multiple contradictions.
;;-0.5994;;having confronted a popular and often brutal left front machinery in west bengal for most of her political life, in this election she had to face an adversary - the combine of modi and amit shah - which was as adept at being the opposition as she was in her past avatar.
;;0.0;;narendra modi was in darbhanga speaking at a rally.
;;0.4767;;travels in bihar showed the overwhelming popularity of modi modi.
;;-0.2144;;candidates of the national democratic alliance (nda) were disliked in some place, but people still voted for modi.
;;0.0;;assembly elections in up, uttarakhand, punjab, manipur and goa spread across february and march are tipped to be a referendum of sorts on the demonetisation decision taken by prime minister modi on november 8.
;;0.6705;;prime minister modi , re-elected in may, has been pushing nationalist policies with higher tariffs on everything from electronic goods to tighter controls on foreign firms in the fast growing e-commerce market to help foster domestic companies and create jobs for millions of youth.
;;-0.836;;a joint statement, issued after extensive talks between prime minister modi and turkish president recep tayyip erdogan, said both sides urged all the countries and entities to work sincerely to disrupt terrorist networks and their financing and stop cross-border movement of terrorists.
;;0.836;;the statement said modi thanked erdogan for turkeys support for indias membership of the mtcr (missile technology control regime) and its application to join the nuclear suppliers group as well as wassenaar arrangement, an export control regime.
;;0.7239;;in the talks, modi highlighted that turkish investments in indias manufacturing sector, especially in indias flagship programmes like make in india would be mutually beneficial to both sides.
;;0.6249;;modi highlighted that indian film industry is now producing films and television shows abroad, which will eventually lead to increased tourist interest.
;;0.0;;the exit polls predicted that prime minister modi was set to retain power with the nda led by him likely to get seats in the range of 336 and 360 in the house of 542.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi on friday held bilateral talks with us president donald trump and discussed a host of key issues including trade, defence and 5g communications networks ahead of the formal opening of the g-20 summit.
;;0.0;;also read| pm modi , us president donald trump hold talks; discuss trade, defencefollow live updates here:8:22 am ist pm modi holds bilateral meeting with saudi arabias crown prince mohammed bin salman prime minister modi holds a bilateral meeting with saudi arabias crown prince mohammed bin salman on the sidelines of the g 20 summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi holds a bilateral meeting with saudi arabia's crown prince mohammed bin salman on the sidelines of the #g20summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/nrms73ptfk  ani (@ani) june 28, 20198:12 am ist pm modi with japan pm shinzo abe at g 20 summit in osaka prime minister modi with japan prime minister shinzo abe at the g 20 summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi with japan prime minister shinzo abe at the #g20summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.1531;;twitter.com/jrlsk6cnuy  ani (@ani) june 28, 20198:01 am ist pm modi gives five suggestions to tackle the three major challenges prime minister modi gives five suggestions to tackle the three major challenges he outlined at the informal meeting of brics leaders on the sidelines of the #g20summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0772;;#watch prime minister modi gives five suggestions to tackle the three major challenges he outlined at the informal meeting of brics leaders on the sidelines of the #g20summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.2732;;twitter.com/phkqj7iwya  ani (@ani) june 28, 20197:56 am ist pm modi addressed the issue of climate change the prime minister also addressed the issue of climate change and said that there is a need to develop renewable energy and appealed for global efforts in this direction.
;;0.1531;;7:48 am ist pm modi outlines three major challenges at the informal meeting of brics leaders prime minister modi outlines three major challenges at the informal meeting of brics leaders on the sidelines of the g 20 summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0772;;#watch prime minister modi outlines three major challenges at the informal meeting of brics leaders on the sidelines of the #g20summit in osaka, japan.
;;-0.9201;;twitter.com/ho6uprmbmf  ani (@ani) june 28, 20197:45 am ist we have to stop all mediums of support to terrorism and racism:pm modi pm modi at informal brics meeting in osaka: terrorism is the biggest threat to humanity.
;;0.4215;;7:42 am ist pm modi , donald trump discussed cooperation in 5g, defence and security and trade: mea mea tweets: enriching the global strategic partnership pm @narendramodi had an open & productive meeting with potus @realdonaldtrump on the margins of #g20 summit.
;;0.802;;#watch us president donald trump at bilateral meeting with pm modi in osaka, japan: we have become great friends & our countries have never been closer.
;;0.8271;;twitter.com/sjvenxi4df  ani (@ani) june 28, 20197:14 am ist i would like to have discussions on 4 issues- iran, 5g, our bilateral relations and defence relations: pm modi in this meeting, i would like to have discussions on 4 issues- iran, 5g, our bilateral relations and defence relations: pm modi #watch pm modi at bilateral meeting with us president donald trump in osaka, japan: in this meeting, i would like to have discussions on 4 issues- iran, 5g, our bilateral relations & defence relations.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/nmoqxujzpc  ani (@ani) june 28, 20197:11 am ist pm modi and donald trump held bilateral meeting between india and us japan: pm modi and us president donald trump at bilateral meeting between india and us in osaka.
;;0.0;;japan: pm modi and us president donald trump at bilateral meeting between india & us in osaka pic.
;;0.4215;;twitter.com/jmxghmg0td  ani (@ani) june 28, 20197:10 am ist japan, america and india, jai, means victory: pm modi prime minister modi at the trilateral meeting between united states, japan and india in osaka on the sidelines of g 20 summit : japan, america and india, jai, means victory.
;;0.4215;;#watch prime minister modi at the trilateral meeting between united states, japan & india in osaka on the sidelines of #g20summit : japan, america and india, 'jai', means victory.
;;0.9153;;twitter.com/fqa52k8smc  ani (@ani) june 28, 20197:07 am ist donald trump congratulates pm modi and shinzo abe on their election win us president donald trump at the trilateral meeting between us, japan and india in osaka: mr modi , congratulations on your great victory.
;;0.2023;;twitter.com/eafmxfmrfz  ani (@ani) june 28, 20197:04 am ist pm modi said he wants to discuss iran, 5g, bilateral relations and defence relations with donald trump pm modi said that he wants to discuss iran, 5g, bilateral relations and defence relations with trump.
;;0.4472;;governments digital drive to further cashless transactions followed prime minister modi modis announcement of demonetisation of rs 500/1,000 notes, which left common man with little cash in hand.
;;0.6901;;the president is the custodian of the constitution and it will be very good for the nation if we have a consensus candidate like apj abdul kalam, banerjee said after her meeting with prime minister modi on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi during his meeting with west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.2263;;during her meeting with the modi , banerjee demanded release of funds for many projects.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 03, 2019 07:22 ista five-year roadmap on hydrocarbon cooperation and new indian investments in russian oilfields are expected to be announced during prime minister modi modis visit to vladivostok this week, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said monday.
;;0.0;;modi will travel to the far eastern port city during september 4-5 to participate as the chief guest in the eastern economic forum and hold an annual summit with president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;modi will hold one-on-one and delegation-level talks with putin after his arrival in vladivostok on wednesday.
;;0.4939;;analysts, however, caution that the power balance between the congress and non-congress parties in each state will need to be negotiated carefully and a common message projected for any such grouping to take on prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;also watch | mint budget round-table: how modi govt can achieve $5 trillion economy aimthe economic headwinds have come at a time when political traction for the modi government is the highest it has ever been.
;;0.296;;this is exactly what make in india, the first important flagship programme announced by prime minister modi , sought to do for the indian economy.
;;0.6597;;last month, former agriculture minister and nationalist congress party leader sharad pawar wrote to prime minister modi , calling for measures to support the sugar industry and cane farmers.
;;-0.3818;;to a question on whether priyanka gandhi will contest the general elections from varanasi, from where prime minister modi is seeking re-election, bharti said, it is a democracy, anybody can fight election from anywhere.
;;0.0;;the cave where prime minister modi meditated in kedarnath in uttarakhand is equipped with all modern facilities and is available for just rs 990 a day.
;;0.0;;rudra meditation cave, which gmvn officials say, was built after modi suggested the concept of meditation caves in the area, is located around one km upwards of kedarnath shrine.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and his japanese counterpart, shinzo abe, laid the foundation stone for the mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project in 2017 to mark indias shift to highspeed trains and as part of efforts to upgrade the countrys infrastructure.
;;0.0;;expressing condolence on the demise of ahamed, prime minister modi said the formers empowerment of the muslim community would be remembered.
;;0.0;;my condolences, prime minister modi tweeted.
;;0.743;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 1, 2017mr. e ahamed devoted significant efforts towards kerala's progress.
;;0.6597;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 1, 2017congress president sonia gandhi, party vice-president rahul gandhi and other party leaders, including leader of the oposition in rajya sabha, rushed to the hospital late on tuesday night amid commotion at the hospital and allegations from ahameds family that they were not being allowed to meet the ailing lawmaker.
;;0.0;;two and a half years ago, prime minister modi hit the headlines for a different reason.
;;0.0;;now, another modi -- nandlal modi -- a chaiwallah from rajasthans jhunjhunu district, has done a similar act by uniting a man with his family in bihar after more than 14 years.
;;-0.2023;;one day, while talking to a customers at the tea stall, modi found that he too was from chhapra and had come to meet his son who worked at the mukundgarh mandi.
;;0.7693;;he was now a bit distant from day-to-day politics though he did mention with great affection the fact that even now prime minister modi called to check on him almost every evening, no matter in which time zones they were.
;;-0.7269;;family members of a bsf jawan whose body was mutilated by pakistani soldiers on tuesday refused to perform his last rites, demanding the presence of either prime minister modi or chief minister yogi adityanath and an assurance of avenging his killing.
;;-0.8225;;officials struggled to pacify the agitating villagers who shouted slogans, modiji badla lo pakistan se, ek ke badle me pachas lo (modi take revenge on pakistan, bring 50 heads in response to one).
;;0.2263;;the report minority rights violations in india by alliance for justice and accountability was prepared by the alliance, which represents several indian-american groups, mainly those who had led a campaign against prime minister modi when he was the chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.4404;;last week, as prime minister modi concluded his bilateral visit to france, both he and his host president emmanuel macron could look back at the achievements of the last 21 years with satisfaction.
;;0.128;;this was the second time the survey was conducted since prime minister modi launched his pet cleanliness project.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping will have free-flowing discussions on a wide range of topics in their several one-on-one meetings during an informal summit in wuhan later this week, officials said in beijing on tuesday.
;;0.0;;modi will directly fly to the city of wuhan in central chinas hubei province on the evening of april 26 and meet xi several times over the next two days.
;;0.0;;the hindustan times first reported on march 17 that modi and xi would meet informally in china.
;;0.0;;modi and xi had met for a bilateral meeting during the brics summit, days after the militaries of the two countries had disengaged following the long standoff at doklam near the sikkim border.
;;0.7922;;prime minister modi is likely to continue his efforts, started in september 2014 in ahmedabad, to improve relationships with xi despite the fear of another incursion by the chinese army like that in chumar soon after their meeting.
;;-0.4767;;since taking over as the prime minister, modi has made it a point to keep in touch with world leaders at a personal level, and particularly with xi as he believes the only gainer out of poor india-china relationship is pakistan, analysts have said.
;;0.5267;;xi, on his part, has also positively responded whether it was the resolution of chumar in 2014 or doklam in 2017 issues after modi personally intervened, the analysts said.
;;0.0;;he also referred to prime minister modi , former prime minister atal bihar vajpayee and late external affairs minister sushma swaraj who delivered their speeches at the un general assembly in hindi.
;;-0.296;;ajaz urged prime minister modi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and cow vigilantes to ban the global brand in a video which he shared on his official fans page on facebook on saturday.
;;-0.4215;;twitter.com/u4utximebt  ajaz khan (@ajazkhanactor) april 16, 2017the former bigg boss contestant later criticised modi and adityanath.
;;0.0258;;in the shahpur area, which was affected during the 2013 riots, a group of jat farmers at kakra village talks about jat pride, sugarcane dues, the work of ajit singh and the hollow promises of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7096;;she said it is not only the state governments dream of better and cheap healthcare services, even the prime minister modi has the same dream.
;;0.0;;pm modi has taken a new initiative of providing stents at cheaper price.
;;-0.4215;;in a renewed push to swachh bharat, prime minister modi has said that 4,000 towns will see new litter bins for segregated waste on june 5, the world environment day.
;;0.0;;i do not know whether i would be able to do it, modi quipped.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi often reiterates that his government is dedicated to the welfare of the poorest of the poor, rawat said.
;;0.701;;addressing a public meet, the cm said that prime minister modi was very serious about deaths caused by je and aes and it was due to his support that a vaccination drive had been launched successfully.
;;0.4215;;in spring 2015, the abu dhabi royal family urged prime minister modi to consider a state visit to the united arab emirates.
;;0.0;;modi flew to the uae in august that year.
;;0.4767;;indiaupdated: aug 05, 2019 23:50 istunion home minister amit shah, who navigated the governments two contentious proposals in parliament to redefine the status of jammu and kashmir on monday, and singlehandedly countered the oppositions sharp criticism for revoking article 370 of the constitution, came in for rich praise from prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0772;;as chairman venkaiah naidu adjourned the rajya sabha, prime minister modi who had been sitting through amit shahs response, walked up to the number two man in his government.
;;0.6908;;twitter.com/mgxgvnw3jo  bjp (@bjp4india) august 5, 2019pm modi continued his praise on twitter as well.
;;-0.8316;;speaking about the steps being taken by the government to address the grievances, complaints and petitions of the migrant workers, prime minister modi in his address to the pbd-2017 earlier on sunday said that strict action is being taken against illegal recruitment agents in india.
;;0.0;;on the other dishes, she adds, the bjp is campaigning with prime minister modi as mascot, as theres continuation of modi magic; hence the name.
;;0.0;;also read | lok sabha elections 2019: 59 seats up for vote, all you need to know about phase 7a total of 918 candidates, including prime minister modi , are in the fray in this last phase of the lok sabha polls.
;;-0.2732;;keeping aside her identities of congress president rahul gandhis sister, former prime minister rajiv gandhis daughter and the congress general secretary, priyanka gandhi vadra wednesday chose to hit the narrow lanes of brahampuri as a delhi girl, challenging prime minister modi to fight the last two phases of the parliamentary elections on the issues of demonetisation, goods and services tax, womens safety and youth unemployment.
;;-0.4588;;pm modi , at a rally on sunday, had challenged the congress to fight the final rounds of the lok sabha elections on rajiv gandhis image.
;;0.0;;then, he again returned to modi nagar and travelled ahead to saharanpur.
;;-0.1027;;officials said dabbu suffers from acute schizophrenia and has been talking about political parties, prime minister modi and said he wanted to meet the pm to tell him about alleged mistreatment by his family.
;;0.4767;;the cabinet chaired by prime minister modi on wednesday gave an approval to the declaration of scheduled areas in rajasthan under the fifth schedule to the constitution of india by rescinding the constitution order (c.o.) and promulgation of a new constitution order.
;;0.5574;;speaking at a public rally in karandighi under bengals raiganj lok sabha constituency, the congress chief lashed out at both prime minister modi and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and asked if any of them had created employment opportunities for the youth.
;;-0.4588;;the congress is going to defeat modi in the 2019 elections.
;;0.6597;;though the congress chief devoted most of his 20-minute speech to prime minister modi , he also lashed out at mamata banerjee, who, in a rally in chopra (under darjeeling constituency) had alleged that two congress candidates in bengal, adhir ranjan chowdhury and abhijit mukherjee were getting help from the rss.
;;0.1027;;alleging that the modi government had failed to create employment opportunities in the country, rahul gandhi slammed the tmc government in the state on the same issue.
;;0.0;;gandhi was not present in the house when prime minister modi and his senior cabinet colleagues took oath, but soon clarified on twitter that he would take the oath later in the day.
;;0.25;;and also chanted jai modi , jai modi , jai modi , he said, referring to the hype created around prime minister modi modi.
;;0.7964;;sharma was referring to the annual international day of yoga that prime minister modi pushed to be celebrated worldwide soon after winning power in 2014.
;;0.9186;;but on thursday, with the bjp winning 62 of the 80 seats of the state, the chief minister moved from a position of embarrassment to one of strength and could take credit, along with prime minister modi and party chief amit shah, for delivering indias largest state to the saffron kitty.
;;0.6597;;local bjp leaders say his speeches helped pump up the nationalism pitch fronted by modi , and countered caste-based appeals by bahujan samaj party chief mayawati and samajwadi party president akhilesh yadav.
;;0.5859;;if modi , in his 29 rallies in up, played the vikas purush (development-oriented leader), yogi played the hindutva card as part of a plan to counter caste politics.
;;-0.6808;;criticising modi for getting personal with his attacks, he said: this election is about the future of karnataka.
;;0.0;;gandhi asked modi to follow lingayat statesman basavannas principle of nudditante nade (practice what you preach) instead of pointing fingers at others.
;;0.7096;;he said modi , on the other hand, was only interested in surrounding himself with a complete set of characters from the movie sholay.
;;0.0;;flanked by reddy brothers and yeddyurappa, modi will speak against corruption.
;;0.8271;;the bjp has won decisive victories in the recent assembly polls but it remains to be seen whether prime minister modi will be able to push through economic reforms, keep india stable and have a gentler approach to minorities, chinese state media has said.
;;0.5719;;the bjp won a two-thirds majority in up, where modi led the charge as assembly election results revealed.
;;0.0;;the election results were a validation for both modi and his decisions like demonetisation, the writer argued.
;;0.7579;;the ability of modi to deliver landslide victory results like in up consolidates his position within the party, he wrote.
;;0.743;;in up, where most people are farmers, the population has been successfully persuaded by modi and his teams effective campaigns, he added.
;;0.4939;;modi genuinely believes he can deliver the best solutions to many problems in india.
;;0.7845;;the lack of restraint from the party will probably result in modi having a free hand to make decisions on more crucial issues.
;;0.1779;;on the other hand, prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah and even bsp chief mayawati have visited the state and all of them have ridiculed the nyay scheme.
;;0.0;;the centres decision is result of these efforts, he said while thanking prime minister modi modi.
;;0.3818;;mp farmers unrest spreads, journalists protest cbi raids on ndtv, pm modi meets nawaz sharif, supreme court rules on use of aadhaar.
;;-0.3612;;farmers in maharashtra, another bjp-ruled state, are also agitating over similar demands, mounting pressure on prime minister modi , who has promised to double their income by 2022.
;;0.0;;going against the script yet again, prime minister modi on thursday had a pull-aside with his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif on the sidelines of the annual shangahi cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana on thursday.
;;0.2023;;make in india, the campaign started by prime minister modi in september 2014 to bring foreign investment into the country, is one of the top cards used by sitharaman during her visit.
;;0.0;;addressing bread-and-butter issues such as electricity and roads has been among the big achievements of the national democratic alliance government, prime minister modi said.
;;0.6187;;modi, 68, said the government had also expended a lot of effort in mitigating water problems too, but that had not hit the headlines of newspapers as it should have, adding that the governments priorities were to supply adequate water to farms and clean drinking water in both cities and villages.
;;0.5423;;national conference vice-president omar abdullah tuesday defended his statement that his party would strive hard for restoring the terms of accession of jammu and kashmir, including the provisions for having a sadr-e-riyasat (president) and wazir-e-azam in the state and asked prime minister modi to go through history how jammu and kashmir became part of india.
;;0.0;;and whatever was left, pm modi in his speech at andhra pradesh made my speech in bandipore famous throughout the country and world.
;;0.4404;;article 35a of the indian constitution empowers the jammu and kashmir states legislature to define permanent resident of the state and provide special rights and privileges to those permanent residents which are excluded for non-permanent residentsalso read: pm modi slams omar abdullah over separate pm for j-k remarkasking prime minister to go through history of the country, omar said.
;;-0.5267;;omars pitch for wazir-e-azam had angered prime minister modi who dismissed the demand, tweeting that as long as he was alive, no one can divide india.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister modi modis attack on bsp chief mayawati during his rally in kushinagar earlier in the day, when voting for sixth round was still underway, underscored the partys reliance on modi to negate the caste arithmetic that, according to experts, is with the alliance.
;;0.1779;;modi also targeted the alliance claiming the chinks in the sp-bsp pact was beginning to show, a line that the rest of the bjp decided to adopt for the seventh and final phase too.
;;0.0;;modi will hold at least 3 more rallies in eastern up for the last round polls while bjp chief amit shah is also scheduled to hold roadshows in key constituencies for the final leg.
;;0.0;;taking cue from modi , bjp has decided to up the ante against the alliance ahead of may 19 polls.
;;-0.4215;;us pressure, chinese persuasionsaeed accused the government of bowing to pressure from indian prime minister modi and the united states.
;;0.0603;;we have embraced the call for cleanliness by prime minister modi in all its aspects and have resolved not only to clean up the offices, but also to have clear and clean conduct and contribute financially to give further impetus to the swachh bharat abhiyan, jayant misra, general secretary of irs association said.
;;-0.7184;;he asked whether the sena had split from the alliance because the bjp had put corrupt contractors in the bmc behind bars, initiated a probe into dumping ground or road scam or because prime minister modi went against black money hoarders.
;;-0.5267;;that is the implicit message prime minister modi passed on when he told chinas president xi jinping that india cannot hold a dialogue with pakistan unless there is an end to cross-border terror.
;;-0.1027;;sensibly, mr modi is seeking to exploit this.
;;0.3818;;indiaupdated: jul 31, 2019 21:56 istin the first pragati review meeting of his second term in office, prime minister modi reiterated on wednesday his governments commitment for the housing for all by 2022 mission and urged bureaucrats to remove hurdles to achieve the objective.
;;-0.3612;;towards this end, modi also reviewed the resolution of public grievances related to the department of financial services.
;;0.3182;;the truth is in 2014, a slogan in india was ghar ghar modi.
;;0.3818;;in 2019, the congress will ensure it is bye bye modi.
;;0.0;;modi is not the real son of varanasi.
;;0.0;;according to the bengal bjp chief, while the slogan of prime minister modi is sabka sath, sabka vikas, banerjees slogan is muslim ka sath, trinamool ka vikas.
;;0.7783;;there are no plans to meet prime minister modi , but sudworth said if the archbishop had the opportunity, there will be things he would want to share, but added that the church leader would not want to lecture another country.
;;0.0;;educationupdated: aug 18, 2019 16:36 istbjp mp and artiste hans raj hans on saturday said that jawaharlal nehru university (jnu) should be renamed after prime minister modi as mnu.
;;0.0;;i would say we should rename jnu after prime minister modi as mnu.
;;0.0;;have heard a lot about jnu but now changes have come due to the efforts made by the modi government.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has done a lot for the nation and it is because of his work that i said jnu should be renamed as modi modi university.
;;0.0;;main kehta hoon iska naam mnu kar do, modi ji ke naam pe bhi to kuch hona chahiye.
;;0.2263;;the modi government pulled out high-value currency note from the economy in november 2016 and rolled out the gst in 2017; inviting criticism from opposition parties that the two decisions allegedly crippled the economy, dealt a blow to businesses, lessened job opportunities and caused discomfort to people, particularly in the countrys rural areas where cash was predominantly the preferred mode of transaction.
;;-0.1531;;this meant that the two issues and the struggles that came with their introduction appear to have largely receded from public memory; instead, a large majority of voters appear to have seen the moves as examples of prime minister modi modis decisive action against corruption and black money.
;;0.25;;click here for election results 2019 coverageexperts feel that modi was able to convince voters about his intent.
;;0.5423;;narendra modi was able to convey this message that he was after the corrupt and his actions, irrespective of the immediate and short-term discomfort, were aimed at a larger good, said sidharth mishra, president, centre for reforms development and justice.
;;-0.1531;;the poor were ready to take a hit, and modi compensated them through several welfare measures, he added.
;;0.3182;;in its campaign, the bjp kept its focus on the promise that the work started by modi needed another five-year term to achieve its goal.
;;0.6597;;columnsupdated: aug 26, 2019 07:49 istwhen, in his independence day speech, prime minister modi extolled the vital role of indias wealth creators, it was reminiscent of chinas then paramount leader deng xiaopings iconic exhortations four decades ago.
;;0.8658;;other-sportsupdated: aug 27, 2019 16:39 istafter winning a gold medal at the bwf world championships, shuttler pv sindhu will be meeting prime minister modi and union minister of youth affairs and sports kiren rijiju today.
;;0.1531;;read: govt asks psu banks to focus on opening jan dhan accountsprime minister modi is particular about meritocracy.
;;0.6705;;twitter.com/6zl7p10ln3  ani (@ani_news) may 18, 20174:26pm: i assure the nation that under the leadership of prime minister modi we will leave no stone unturned to save kulbhushan jadhav, tweets swarajvictory of crores of indians & the truth.
;;0.0;;an official at the chief ministers office (cmo) said that prime minister modi would address a rally at lohardaga on april 23, six days before the first voting on april 29.
;;0.5267;;justice pandey had written a letter to prime minister modi on july 1 last raising a question mark on the collegium system of appointment of judges.
;;0.34;;besides holding talks with his indian counterpart s jaishankar, pompeo will meet prime minister modi and national security adviser ajit doval on june 26, the main working day of his visit.
;;0.1027;;(pti)she also trained her guns on the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) government at the centre and accused prime minister modi of not fulfilling any of the promises made during the 2014 general elections.
;;0.0;;terming the press conference by prime minister modi unprecedented, congress president rahul gandhi said that he has question for him.
;;0.0;;pm modi is accompanying amit shah in a press conference, which is an unprecedented event for him.
;;-0.8442;;watch: unprecedented, rahul gandhi mocks pm modis first presser, poses a questionescalating his attack on pm modi , rahul gandhi said: we closed 90 per cent doors for modi modi; he closed 10 per cent for himself by abusing opponents.
;;0.0;;besides the briefings for diplomats in new delhi, the raising of kashmir at the unhrc is believed to have figured in discussions when prime minister modi and external affairs minister s jaishankar recently visited countries such as bahrain, bangladesh, hungary and nepal.
;;-0.3182;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 10:46 isthours after indias moon mission took a hit when the vikram lander lost contact with isros control centre in bengaluru in the final minutes, prime minister modi told indian space scientists on saturday that there will be a new dawn.
;;0.0;;modi insisted that the setback will not be a speedbreaker to indias space missions.
;;0.7269;;modi hailed indias scientist and assured them that they had the support of the entire country.
;;-0.3261;;despite the setback, modi encouraged indias space scientists saying, the isro a living example of never giving up in the face of adversity.
;;0.0;;indias economic growth of 7  during october-december has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after prime minister modi announced on november 8 the demonetisation exercise, which weeded out 86  of the currency notes in circulation.
;;0.5859;;prime minister modi and his team also promoted the united payments interface and bharat interface for money (bhim) app to ease the pain of demonetisation of consumers and traders.
;;0.3182;;barkati, known as the fatwa imam, had courted controversy over a series of diktats against prominent personalities including prime minister modi modi.
;;0.25;;the man known for his burgundy beard and about a dozen pet cats seemed to enjoy a degree of impunity as he got away even after announcing the fatwa against modi , over which a bjp leader had filed a police complaint.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister modi has defended the move as a war against black money and counterfeiting.
;;0.6555;;modi reaches out to backward muslim communities, asks bjp to start dialogue on triple talaqprime minister modi on sunday sought to expand his obc outreach by asking party colleagues to attend to weaker segments within the muslim community and push for resolution of such issues as triple talaq through dialogue, and not conflict.
;;0.0;;you need lessons on keeping quiet: pm modi tells bjp leaders at odisha meetbjp leaders need to watch their words, as prime minister modi is watching.
;;0.584;;the growing habit among ruling party leaders to speak out of turn, sometimes even creating a controversy, has not gone down well with modi.
;;0.4019;;you need lessons on keeping quiet, a senior party functionary quoted modi as saying during his concluding remarks at the bjps national executive meeting here.
;;-0.6908;;external affairs minister sushma swaraj on wednesday jumped into the vitriolic battle of words between prime minister modi and west bengal chief miniser mamata banerjee with some advice for the firebrand west bengal leader.
;;0.2732;;that is why when modi came to bengal and accused my party of being tolabaaz, i wanted to give him a tight slap of democracy.
;;0.6046;;speaking at an election rally in indore later, prime minister modi launched an attack on gandhi, saying dynasty can take him to the top position of a party, but it doesnt bring vision and wisdom.
;;0.4019;;from prime minister modi to sportspersons and tv stars, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) in delhi has decided to launch a high-voltage star-studded campaign for the upcoming municipal elections scheduled to be held on april 22.
;;0.7269;;these stars are impressed with the policies and functioning of prime minister modi and want to become a part of the party.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi , too, has called for a debate on holding the elections together, to save money and smoothen decision-making that is disrupted every time the poll code kicks in.
;;-0.6124;;indiaupdated: aug 07, 2019 03:50 istformer external affairs minister sushma swaraj, who extended a helping hand to many indians in distress abroad and acquired a reputation as one of the most accessible ministers in the first term of the modi government, died suddenly on tuesday night after a cardiac arrest.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister modi said swarajs passing was a personal loss for him.
;;-0.128;;also read: come tomorrow for re 1 fee: swaraj told harish salve; died an hour laterswaraj was replaced as external affairs minister in the second term of the modi government by former diplomat s jaishankar, who said after his appointment that he was proud to follow in the footsteps of swaraj.
;;0.4939;;modi praised her performance in the ministry.
;;-0.5719;;police detained two people on saturday for allegedly throwing crude bombs at bharatiya janata party (bjp) office in bhubaneswar, less than an hour after prime minister modi modis public rally in cuttack to mark the fourth year of his government.
;;0.7351;;reactions in j&k were on the expected lines on sunday to the exit polls predicting a strong pro-incumbency wave in favour of the national democratic alliance (nda) led by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5574;;this has been a vote for modi bhai modi and he is the hero leading this wave.
;;0.6808;;analysisupdated: sep 17, 2019 20:58 istlater this month, prime minister modi will visit the united states (us) to address the united nations general assembly in new york.
;;0.6249;;during the trip, modi will also visit houston to engage the indian diaspora and boost indias economic ties with the us.
;;0.9186;;the white house press release states the president will be joining modi because, it will be a great opportunity to emphasise the strong ties between the people of the united states and india.
;;0.6249;;the nature of the texas economy and the size of the indian diaspora in the state give it great potential for modi and india.
;;0.3382;;the modi government is well aware of this and that is why on september 22, prime minister modi will address a texas-sized audience of 50,000 indian americans in the nrg stadium in houston at a gathering named howdy, modi!
;;0.4215;;this will be by far the largest crowd modi has addressed in the united states.
;;0.0;;given this, one can expect modi to make a big investment pitch to those in the stadium, especially given indias recent economic downturn.
;;0.0;;on the whole, the event billed howdy, modi!
;;0.6365;;and, the prime minister will undoubtedly, as he does on all these occasions, perform exceptionally well and generate great enthusiasm from those in attendanceafter houston, modi will travel to new york where he will not be the main act but one of many speakers at the annual bloomberg global business forum.
;;0.2263;;those are not all or nothing stakes but achieving them will provide modi with a solid framework to build upon during his second term and to advance his agenda and i believe that is why he is making this visit at this time.
;;0.0;;the cabinet decided to rename viklang jan vikas vibhag (handicapped development department) as divyang jan sashakti karan vibhag following a similar decision taken by prime minister modi at the centre.
;;-0.8995;;prime minister modi has turned the country into hiroshima and nagasaki by dropping the demonetisation bomb, the shiv sena has said in its most vicious attack on the government over the shock recall of high-value banknotes.
;;-0.7579;;in an editorial in its mouthpiece, saamana, the sena also accused modi of taking decisions unilaterally, besides making the comparison with the two japanese cities destroyed by atomic bombs dropped by the united states during the world war ii.
;;-0.4215;;read: demonetisation: why pm must pay attention to yv reddys warning on rbiit said modi was not in a state to listen to anyone and has not taken the counsel of even the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor.
;;0.3626;;read: demonetisation: mamata holds totally arrogant pm modi responsible for 120 plus deathsin the saamana editorial, the sena also criticised nationalist congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar for first welcoming the demonetisation decision and then back-tracking once it stifled the cooperative sector, where the ncp has always had a strong grip.
;;-0.1531;;the sena lashed out at the modi government for not allowing district cooperative banks to accept demonetised currency notes, saying farmers suffered the most because of the decision.
;;-0.875;;prime minister modi said on tuesday the arrogance of pakistan and terrorists had vanished after the balakot air strikes by the indian army.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath at a rally in ballia on tuesday.
;;-0.6705;;terrorists, who used to demonstrate weapons in their pakistan-based hide-out, now spend sleepless nights praying for removal of modi.
;;-0.0772;;also read: lok sabha elections 2019: rss has dumped modi in ongoing polls, says bsp chiefattacking the opposition, he said the sp, bsp and the congress did not speak on national security.
;;0.0;;modi said the mahamilavatis were asking the caste of modi.
;;-0.6369;;and this is why the competition to abuse modi has picked up pace.
;;0.6249;;a commentary by a global times reporter said the dip in indias economy growth was the result of prime minister modi modis drastic reformist drives like demonetisation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is likely to inaugurate the bridge once the date is finalised.
;;0.2716;;most top leaders, including prime minister modi , uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, bsp chief mayawati and sp leader akhilesh yadav have visited the constituency.
;;-0.5423;;worldupdated: aug 23, 2019 00:50 istthe unites states on thursday said indias decision on article 370 for the state of jammu and kashmir is an internal matter but has regional implications and president donald trump expects to hear from prime minister modi when they meet on the margins of the upcoming g-7 meetings what he plans to do to reduce regional tensions and uphold human rights in the state.
;;0.1779;;the official said the issue of india-pakistan relations are expected to come up, and president trump will likely want to hear from prime minister modi on how he plans to reduce regional tensions and uphold respect for human rights in kashmir.
;;0.0;;at a press interaction with visiting prime minister imran khan in july, president trump had first offered to mediate and has wrongly claimed even prime minister modi wanted him to.
;;0.4404;;recalling prime minister modi modis promise to fix msp of farm produce with additional 50  incentive to farmers on their input cost, kumar said a substantial hike in prices of agriculture produce could dole out reasonable respite to the enraged farmers.
;;0.0;;preparations for hosting the international day of yoga, a pet project of prime minister modi , are already underway although there is still a week to go for declaration of the lok sabha election results.
;;0.4215;;after modi took charge as prime minister in 2014, he started yoga day celebrations and the united nations recognized june 21 as the international day of yoga.
;;0.0;;the congress has in the past described yoga day celebrations as another event for modi to seek publicity.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi is not the only one championing the cause of make in india.
;;0.0;;modi donned a half-sleeve white kurta, pyjama and a stole with saffron border along with a multi-coloured turban replete with hues of yellow, red and green with leheriya pattern.
;;0.4404;;for his maiden independence day address as the prime minister in 2014, modi had opted for a jodhpuri bandhej turban in bright red colour with green at the tail.
;;0.25;;pm modi on i-day: one nation, one constitution dream has been achieveda yellow turban covered with criss-cross lines in different shades of the same colour, along with a few in red and deep green, marked his 2015 look, and he chose a tie and dye turban in hues of pink and yellow for his appearance at the red fort in 2016.
;;0.4215;;also read:from red fort, pm modi strikes at oppn over article 370 with a questionfrom bright red bandhni turban from kutch to mustard rajasthani safa, turbans have been a highlight of prime ministers republic day appearances too.
;;0.5719;;the country celebrated its 73rd independence day today where modi addressed the people of india from the ramparts of red fort for the first time after returning to power for a second term with a thumping majority.
;;-0.34;;recently, in an election rally in ghaziabad, the prime minister modi slammed the state government for denying the comptroller and auditor general (cag) an audit of gda.
;;0.0;;former ambassador ak kantha had been summoned by the foreign affairs ministry after prime minister modi visited arunachal pradesh in february 2015.
;;0.3612;;bjp mp bhupendra yadav on thursday submitted a privilege notice against gandhi for his tweet in which he questioned jaitleys claim that prime minister modi did not question his predecessor dr manmohan singhs commitment to the nation when he accused him of conspiring with pakistan to affect the outcome of the gujarat elections through a secret meeting at the house of congress leader mani shankar aiyar.
;;-0.3182;;the former pm had slammed modi for spreading falsehood and canards to score political points in a lost cause.
;;0.0;;at a rally in palanpur earlier this month, modi had triggered a controversy by asking singh and former vice-president hamid ansari to reveal the purpose behind their secret meeting with pakistan diplomats at aiyars house during the assembly elections in gujarat.
;;-0.3612;;significantly, the rajya sabha chairman had rebuked congress for demanding an apology from modi for his controversial remark.
;;0.0;;after they are provided with job letters, these youth will be addressed by prime minister modi through a video conference.
;;-0.1027;;twitter.com/blgoia4tos  inc india (@incindia) may 27, 2017gandhi also blamed prime minister modi and his party for stoking anti-national forces and unrest in kashmir.
;;0.0772;;the organisers have also submitted a memorandum addressed to prime minister modi and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje to rein in cow vigilantes and ensure justice for pehlu khan, azmat khan and other accused in the crime.
;;0.0;;a letter written by sukam invertors and solar systems cmd kunwer sachdev to prime minister modi claimed that pending technology patents were hindering the centres make in india initiative.
;;-0.7789;;election commissioner ashok lavasa, who did not agree with the election commission of indias (eci) decisions to clear prime minister modi and bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah of charges of violating the so-called model code of conduct (mcc), broke his silence in an interview with hindustan times and said he has no axe to grind.
;;0.4019;;clean chits were given to modi and shah on various speeches, including the pms speech in nanded in maharashtra on april 6 where he referred to the majority being a minority in wayanad.
;;0.8934;;prime minister modi has adopted a divide and rule strategy to create a rift in the sp-bsp-rld alliance to save the bjps honour in the next three phases of the lok sabha polls, bahujan samaj party chief mayawati said on sunday.
;;0.25;;a growing number of critics have questioned indias high growth estimates under prime minister modi modis government.
;;0.4939;;nainital: the first day of the two day state working committee meeting of the bjp being held at the nainital club saw passing of political resolutions on saturday where the party gave thumbs up to the reforms and anti-corruption drive launched by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.296;;this move comes after prime minister modi directed all states to share their views on the central government shifting to a new fiscal.
;;0.0;;lemoyne is the first french minister to visit new delhi after the formation of the new indian government and the trip will acknowledge the reinforcement of the indo-french relationship and will lay the groundwork for prime minister modi modis visit to france for the g7 summit in biarritz in august, said a statement from the french embassy.
;;0.8555;;yeddyurappa said it was clear that the presence of prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah was helping sway opinion in favour of the party ahead of the may 12 elections.
;;-0.4019;;niti aayog vice chairman arvind panagariya wrote in a letter to nripendra misra, principal secretary to prime minister modi , that at the current level, the fares are inadequate for the provision of high quality services and maintenance.
;;-0.4023;;in other issues, on haryana cm manohar lal khattars concern over the ravi rivers water flowing to pakistan, jakhar said khattar must tell prime minister modi that punjab is not financially strong to give 40  share to construct shahpur kandi dam to stop the flow to pakistan.
;;-0.8126;;earlier, jean and his indian counterpart ajit doval agreed on a path-breaking framework for cooperation on countering terrorism and violent extremism, a bilateral document released after trudeau met prime minister modi in new delhi.
;;0.2732;;singh, who was speaking to reporters outside parliament after meeting prime minister modi , said sidhu should have accepted his new portfolio and not shunned work in the middle of the crucial paddy season.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi is 67, a full two decades older.
;;0.0;;some bjp leaders attribute this to a tendency among liberals, the preferred four-letter word of the modi administration, and liberal media to talk up a rival to modi ahead of the general elections in 2019.
;;-0.3818;;it signals the beginning of a straightforward mano-e-mano fight at the hustings with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.8196;;modi is by far the better orator, and also has an earthy sense of humour that connects well with the audience, but gandhi does come across as more sincere and approachable.
;;0.3612;;perhaps this is because modi is on the campaign trail so much that at least some of his oratory looks like a stump speech.
;;-0.296;;gandhi, unlike modi , has no administrative experience.
;;0.7227;;against prime minister modi modis towering image, the coalition will face a humongous task, but if it wins, the alliance will redefine politics in the hindi heartland.
;;-0.0772;;experts say the response is likely to be harsh, though the tone and tenor could be dictated by beijings diplomatic goals ahead; the response will be calibrated to ensure that it doesnt impact the brics summit in china in september, which is expected to be attended by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;but this time is different, one expert told ht, because the visit is continuing a trend that the modi government began from the first day of his inauguration as prime minister.
;;0.0;;at the inauguration of the pm modi , this administration invited the so-called head of the tibetan-government-in-exile, lobsang sangay.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said on december 31, 2016.
;;0.128;;9 million ujjwala connections across 714 districts since prime minister modi launched the scheme in may 2016.
;;0.5106;;as prime minister, may has often mentioned india as a free trade partner, and had initial talks with indian representatives during her visit to new delhi in november, when prime minister modi again raised the issue of mobility for students and professionals.
;;-0.0772;;an india-uk bilateral agreement on returning illegal immigrants could not be signed when prime minister modi visited london this april because of a range of concerns such as the fear of mass deportation, a consent clause and possible security breaches, officials said.
;;0.5106;;on the back of exit polls forecasting a return of the modi government, the nda also expressed its confidence that it will emerge victorious.
;;0.3612;;ahead of the dinner, prime minister modi and amit shah met the union council of ministers at the bjp headquarters in new delhi to thank them for their service to the nation during last five years.
;;0.3818;;twitter.com/x2sgvjjj5c  chowkidar amit shah (@amitshah) may 21, 2019the bjp is buoyed by sundays exit polls that predicted that pm modi will return to power with a clear majority.
;;0.7579;;indian students at the wuhan medical university hailed the meeting between prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping, stating that the pms visit would help improve the ties between the two countries.
;;0.6597;;the students were also brimming with excitement at the prospect of catching a glimpse of modi.
;;0.2023;;after reaching the hotel from the airport, modi made it a point to wave in the direction of waiting students.
;;0.4588;;highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology, prime minister modi on tuesday asked young tax officials to be people-centric.
;;0.0;;modi exhorted the trainees to work towards meeting the aspirations of the people, it said.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi had declared demonetisation of two high value currencies of rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination on november 8 last year.
;;0.0;;khan and the leaders of the sco member countries, including prime minister modi are attending the two-day summit in kyrgyzstans capital bishkek.
;;0.0;;the courts ruling resulted in a nationwide stir by members of the scheduled castes (scs) and scheduled tribes (sts), and some sc and st members of parliament from the bjp even wrote to prime minister modi , urging the centre to intervene.
;;0.0;;(prime minister narendra) modi and (bjp president) amit shah had waxed eloquent on (16th century saint-reformer srimanta) sankardeva and (ahom general) lachit barphukan before the polls.
;;0.4019;;probably due to these considerations, rld chief ajit singh targeted only modi in his speech during a rally in basti on saturday keeping mum on the ruling party in the state.
;;0.8271;;prime minister modi was on thursday conferred with united arab emiratess highest civilian decoration, the order of zayed, awarded to those who contribute to international leadership in strengthening relations with the country.
;;0.8591;;we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister modi , who gave these relations a big boost.
;;0.628;;watch: pm modi conferred with uaes highest civilian honouramong the past recipients of this award are russian president vladimir putin, former us president george w bush, french leader nicolas sarkozy and german politician angela merkel.
;;0.8481;;indiaupdated: aug 30, 2019 00:04 istprime minister modi on thursday said indians should make fitness a part of their daily lifestyle because the key to keeping india ahead is healthy people, healthy family and healthy society.
;;0.0;;modi urged people to make lifestyle changes and said technology has contributed to a sedentary lifestyle.
;;0.5994;;modi, a yoga enthusiast, has often shared videos of his routines.
;;0.4404;;disagreement over the procedure followed for deciding mcc cases erupted in the poll body following lavasas objection to the process followed to give clean chits to prime minister modi , bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah and congress president rahul gandhi.
;;-0.743;;since lavasas recusal has led to no mcc hearings taking place since may 4, ec is yet to take call on complaints against modi for comments against former prime minister rajiv gandhi, against rahul gandhi for his comment about the government framing laws to shoot down tribals, and bjps bhopal candidate pragya thakurs comment describing mahatma gandhis assassin nathuram godse as a patriot.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will be addressing poll rallies in uttar pradeshs amroha and saharanpur and uttarakhands dehradun on friday.
;;-0.7964;;12:45 pm ist bjp govt has reined in criminals in up: modi modi says,  votebank politics has hurt the country.
;;-0.7096;;: modi12:35 pm ist sp-bsp was soft on terror modi says, it was because of the soft attitude of congress, sp and bsp that the terrorists became bold.
;;-0.8658;;terrorists know modi will go after them even in hell.
;;0.2023;;the soft attitude towards terrorism has emboldened terrorists: modi12:28 pm ist uae civilian award for india, not me: modi pm modi: your pradhan sevak was awarded the top civilian award by uae.
;;0.0;;12:26 pm ist pm modi addresses rally in amroha pm modi addressing election rally in amroha, up.
;;-0.8957;;12:25 pm ist have no anger towards modi modi: rahul rahul gandhi: i love mr modi , i have no anger or hatred towards him.
;;-0.7579;;11:12 am ist modi govt has started reining in militants: amit shah amit shah said: modi government has started reining in militants; after pulwama attack, modi government launched air strike on terror camp.
;;-0.7845;;kejriwal blames bjpon sunday morning, addressing a press conference, kejriwal blamed prime minister modi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) for the assault.
;;0.6597;;the 59-year-old tea seller whom prime minister modi praised during his mann ki baat programme on sunday morning has been the guardian angel to over 70 slum children for the last 18 years, by helping them get educated.
;;-0.2023;;twitter.com/31vcbogmbx  modi (@narendramodi) may 27, 2018a school dropout himself, rao started the school asha o ashwasana in 2000 when he saw kids in his neighbourhood taking to petty crimes or becoming alcoholics.
;;0.743;;top military commanders along with prime minister modi , defence minister manohar parrikar and national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval met in dehradun on saturday and took stock of security challenges before the country.
;;0.4767;;in 2014, prime minister modi gave her a gold medal in physiology in the second year of her mbbs course.
;;0.5859;;in october last year, he shot off a letter to the prime ministers office to request pm modi to speak about these gifted children, who win the country laurels at the eight international olympiads, in his mann ki baat address so that the country gets to know about them.
;;-0.8271;;he also accused the bjp in karnataka and delhi of attempting to destablise the kumaraswamy government and pinned the blame for the coalitions crisis on prime minister modi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had undertaken the ground-breaking ceremony for metro-5 in december 2018.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has also taken a dig at the previous congress-ncp regime, who had completed only one metro line in the city  the metro-1 (versova-andheri-ghatkopar).
;;0.2263;;besides, two projects, for which prime minister modi released funds, will pay us huge electoral dividends, bjp state general secretary (organisation) sanjay kumar said, referring to the rs 12,000 crore chardham all-weather road network and the rs 16,200 crore rishikesh-karnaprayag railway projects.
;;0.0;;haryana topped the region with nearly rs 780 crore deposited in jan dhan accounts in banks in the state after november 8 last year when prime minister modi declared currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 invalid.
;;0.1779;;meanwhile, aicc media panellist prem chandra mishra reacted strongly over union minister giriraj singhs tirade against party chief rahul gandhi over pandey issue and said that prime minister modi should first apologise for retaining nihal chand as a cabinet minister despite him being chargesheeted by the police in a rape case.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will be in chhattisgarh on thursday and madhya pradesh later this month to inaugurate development projects and address a public meeting in the states which are due for assembly elections at year-end.
;;0.0258;;modi will on thursday dedicate to the nation the modernised and expanded plant of the state-run steelmaker sail in bhilai, officials familiar with the matter said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will dedicate sails modernised and expanded bhilai steel plant, bhilai chhattisgarh to the nation on 14 june, a sail official said.
;;0.7351;;modi could give the swachh city award to the municipal corporation of indore, which topped the list of clean cities surveyed under the central governments cleanliness campaign, official sources said.
;;0.6684;;none can be forced to chant what modi or bjp want, she said adding that west bengals culture has never been what the the saffron party is trying to make it.
;;-0.765;;i will not chant the name of rotten modi or rotten bjp.
;;-0.5423;;prime minister modi addressing rallies at jhargram and tamluk in the state monday said that in bengal people are not allowed to chant jai shri ram and that saying it in public places is regarded as a crime here.
;;0.0;;alleging that prime minister modi was trying to do politics over cyclone fani, banerjee said if you (modi) think you will politicise it (cyclone) you must remember that i too understand politics.
;;0.3291;;the chief minister said that in 2015, 2016 and 2017 there were floods in the state but no relief was given to it by the modi government despite several demands by her.
;;0.1027;;criticising modi for pointing fingers at former prime minister rajiv gandhi, banerjee said that he should have shown respect for a departed leader.
;;-0.1027;;she questioned the language used by modi asking how can a prime minister say she is a tolabaj, (extortionist) you (modi) say tmc is tolabaj.
;;0.25;;prime minister modi on thursday reviewed the preparedness for cyclone fani and ordered the administration to maintain close coordination with officials of the affected states to ensure proper preventive measures, a government statement said.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi shared an inspiring message for shikhar dhawan after the southpaw was ruled out of the ongoing edition of the icc world cup 2019 in england and wales due to an injury.
;;0.5994;;pm modi took to social media to cheer up dhawan, who had posted an emotional video after it was confirmed he wont be able to take further part in the tournament.
;;0.4588;;afroz shah, a city-based lawyer lauded by the prime minister modi for cleanliness drive initiated by him at versova beach in mumbai, said although it is a welcome move; it seems to be a piecemeal legislation.
;;0.0;;the election commission has given a go ahead to the next episode of prime minister modi modis mann ki baat programme to be aired on january 29 with a condition that nothing be said to influence voters in the five poll-bound states.
;;-0.7269;;read: bjp-sena alliance to run bmc possible if saamana stops criticising modi: gadkarititled the roar of the farmers, the editorial asked whether the government will call the farmers traitors for protesting.
;;0.0;;although the sena has never shied away from criticising prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah, the party rarely targeted cm fadnavis.
;;0.3182;;in the editorial, sena also targeted modi for his poll promise of bringing black money stashed away in swiss bank accounts back into the economy.
;;0.4019;;ujjal dosanjh, a liberal party parliamentarian in canada and former premier of british columbia province , has entreated prime minister modi to be the prime minister that india deserves on his new website commentindia.com on wednesday.
;;0.0;;mr modi , shed your past of just being an rss parcharak; india needs not an rss parcharak.
;;-0.6115;;it has become more virulent and pervasive under the almost complete and complicit silence of modi and his entire regime.
;;0.0516;;seeking pm modis apology to the family of the woman, he further wrote, mr modi , shed your past of just being an rss parcharak; india needs not an rss parcharak.
;;-0.4767;;when contacted, he said, this is my second piece on commentindia.com and the first one was modi: the dangerous distortionist.
;;0.6369;;in the first blog, dosanjh had described modi as the best orator on the indian political scene today: the undisputed king of political one-liners, alliteration, rhyme, and distortion.
;;-0.3818;;corruption, caste bias allegationsmatters came to a head in january when in a letter he asked prime minister modi to order an investigation against 20 judges he accused of corruption without providing any evidence.
;;0.8271;;rakesh singh, congress mla from harchandpur assembly seat of rae bareli, participated in the sewa saptah by putting up hoardings across rae bareli praising modi on his birthday and holding a yagna for his long life and increased popularity.
;;0.872;;i also wish to thank nitish kumar and ram vilas paswan, who ensured that our workers worked together and properly transferred votes to ensure ndas triumph, said deputy chief minister and senior bjp leader sushil modi.
;;0.9001;;he tweeted, by accepting the peoples mandate, i extend my congratulations to prime minister modi for the emphatic win of the bjp-led nda.
;;0.4404;;i hope pm modi would live up to the expectations of people by focusing on employment generation, agriculture, development and economy.
;;0.34;;union minister ram kripal yadav, who defeated misa bharti from pataliputra, said people of bihar had eventually realised that only a government led by modi could ensure development for all sections of the society and do good for the nation and them.
;;0.9136;;i congratulate my friend and prime minister modi , master strategist bjp national president amit shah and my family friend ravi shankar prasad for their triumph.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on tuesday called the siddaramaiah-led state government a seedha rupaiya sarkar, saying nothing moved in the state without paying commission.
;;-0.0772;;modi also attacked the government for not using central funds and said all the money released by the centre was making its way to congress party functionaries.
;;0.8834;;this verdict should be interpreted as an approval of the policies of the central government, the continuing popularity of prime minister modi and an intact support base of the bjp; even three years after coming to power at the centre.
;;0.8258;;these results also indicate the very strong ability of modi to connect with voters at large, as was visible from the crowds which he managed to attract during his road shows in varanasi.
;;-0.089;;mayawati has also failed miserably in impressing upon the voters of up that the policies of the modi government have not helped the poor and downtrodden.
;;0.7346;;the massive victory of the bjp in up and uttarakhand reinforces the popularity of modi as the prime minister and the bjps undisputed and most popular leader.
;;0.4767;;no single party seems to be a match for the growing popularity of the bjp and no leader seems to be anywhere close to the emulating the magic of modi modi.
;;0.5647;;prime minister modi modis call on august 15 to eliminate the use of these polluting items by 2022 has been widely welcomed, but banning a huge chunk of the informal economy could come with its own costs.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister modi , while addressing an election rally at himmatnagar in gujarat on wednesday, said that the upa government had tried to topple the then gujarat government and had falsely implicated and jailed the now bjp president amit shah and gujarati police officers.
;;0.0;;wouldnt the congress have used the incident to defame modi in the entire country?
;;-0.8957;;but, modi did air strike, used planes to bomb and destroy everything (at balakot).
;;-0.2732;;the relation between prime minister modi and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is passing through an all-time low.
;;-0.0516;;also read: modi hai to mumkin hai, says pompeo in major policy speech ahead of india visitindia is interested to develop the farzad-b block.
;;0.0;;a 10-year contract for equipping and operating chabahar was signed in may 2016 during prime minister modi modis visit to tehran.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi offered prayers at the muktinath and pashupatinath temples, followed by meetings with political leaders of various parties, on the second day of his visit to nepal on saturday.
;;0.0;;pm modi arrived in kathmandu on friday after a brief halt in janakpur where he offered prayers at the famed 20th century janaki temple and attended a civic reception.
;;0.0;;on friday, modi also inaugurated a direct bus service between janakpur and ayodhya and, with oli, laid the foundation stone of the 900-megawatt arun iii hydroelectric power plant in tumlingtar area in eastern nepal.
;;0.0;;18pm: mayor of kathmandu bidya sundar shakya presents key of the city to pm modi.
;;0.0;;when prime minister modi had telephoned prime minister oli upon his election as the prime minister of nepal, they had discussed the visit then.
;;0.4019;;prime minister oli had then expressed his desire for an early visit by prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;36pm: pm modi met with former foreign affairs minister of nepal upendra yadav, says mea.
;;0.0;;pm modi reciprocated the sentiments, says foreign secretary vijay gokhale.
;;0.7096;;14pm: pm modi met communist party of nepal (mc) chairman pushpa kamal dahal prachanda, the former of prime minister of nepal, and exchanged views on strengthening views on bilateral relations, says mea.
;;0.0;;55pm: president of nepali congress and former prime minister sher bahadur deuba and other members of the nepali congress called on pm modi in kathmandu, says mea.
;;0.0;;42am: pm modi offered prayers at the golden statue of lord vishnu as mukti narayan at the temple.
;;0.0;;the service was inaugurated by pm modi in nepals janakpur on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will attend the civic reception hosted by the mayor of kathmandu and depart for india in the evening.
;;-0.1027;;during a recent visit to bihar, prime minister modi praised chief minister nitish kumar for his alcohol ban policy in bihar.
;;0.0;;releasing the bjp sankalp patra, or manifesto, for lok sabha elections 2019 on monday, prime minister modi said the government was moving ahead with one mission and one direction.
;;0.4019;;party chief amit shah said, in five years, the government led by prime minister modi has taken 50 major decisions for the betterment of the country.
;;0.0;;members of the bjps parliamentary board, its apex body, prime minister modi and its chief amit shah were present at the launch of the manifesto in new delhi.
;;0.0258;;she later took up the matter with prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;the kerala government on friday ditched its plan to inaugurate the kochi metro project on may 30, stating that it would prefer to wait for a convenient date from prime minister modi instead.
;;0.7184;;(pti photo)union minister giriraj singh said he refused to participate in the event though prime minister modi had on january 5 praised the resilience of the chief minister in initiating this brave move.
;;0.0;;even three years into power, prime minister modi remains a vote magnet.
;;-0.0516;;in november, prime minister modi scrapped 500- and 1,000-rupee banknotes, or 86  of the value of cash in circulation, as part of a crackdown on corruption, tax evasion and militant financing.
;;0.7845;;i got inspired by the vision of prime minister modi who laid a thrust on clean india.
;;0.3818;;indiaupdated: aug 13, 2019 11:00 istwalking through the wild and taking a ride on a cold river in a makeshift boat were some of the things that prime minister modi put up with as he teamed up with survivalist bear grylls to promote a cause close to his heart  protecting nature.
;;0.7906;;on discovery channels, man vs wild with bear grylls and prime minister modi , he braved the rain and cold in the jungles of jim corbett national park in uttarakhand, and as the host put it, the pm was a great sport.
;;0.7178;;watch now| both obama and pm modi had same purpose on man vs wild trip: bear gryllsyou are the most important man in india and my job is to keep you alive, grylls joked.
;;-0.3818;;grylls, who has had celebrity guests, including former american president barack obama, on his show earlier asked modi about his childhood, dreams as the prime minister, whether he feared anything in life and if he ever felt nervous before a political rally.
;;0.34;;when they came to the river during the five-mile walk, grylls made modi sit in a makeshift boat while he himself pushed it along, half submerged in water at the end of the ride, they shared a hot drink laced with curry leaves.
;;0.0;;prompted by grylls, modi talked about the time he sold tea at a railway station as a child, and when he brought home a baby crocodile from the pond where he had gone to bathe.
;;0.34;;the groundwork has begun for prime minister modi modis historic visit to israel in july this year with national security advisor ajit doval on a quiet two-day visit to tel aviv.
;;0.7783;;the modi government remains tight-lipped about the nsas tour, but doval is understood to have met israel prime minister benjamin netanyahu as well his counterpart yosef cohen who also heads the intelligence agency mossad.
;;0.7845;;the aiadmk governmentand bjp mp and union minister pon radhakrishan who professed prime minister modi modis love for tamil traditions and culturewhich was keen to appropriate credit for winning the jallikattu battle through the ordinance suffered a setback.
;;0.836;;the dialogue also focused on progress made since prime minister modi modis visit to the uk in april last year for the commonwealth summit, where both sides agreed on closer collaboration in trade, security and people-to-people links.
;;0.4019;;xis assurance to khan comes a day after prime minister modi told him during bilateral talks that pakistan needs to create an atmosphere clear of terror.
;;-0.6808;;on friday, modi again raised the issue of state-sponsored terrorism without naming pakistan.
;;0.0;;besides xi, modi met afghanistan president ashraf ghani and russian president vladimir putin on the sidelines of the sco summit.
;;-0.0276;;the bjps political adversaries have accused the ruling dispensation of centralising everything around prime minister modi , who remains the partys most popular face.
;;0.5106;;in the recent state assembly elections, for instance, the campaign revolved around pm modi and his style of development oriented, corruption free governance.
;;0.3182;;digital indiaas prime minister modi persuades india to opt for a cashless and less-cash economy, people are looking for incentives for digital modes of payment.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister modi and up cm yogi adityanath have also condemned incidents in which someone takes the law into their hands.
;;0.6705;;prime minister modi wants the bjp go for a talent hunt to infuse new blood in the party.
;;0.296;;modi had advised bjp leaders, at the bhubaneswar conclave this month, against making out of turn statement and creating controversy.
;;-0.296;;citing several instances, modi had cautioned leaders sayingthese were efforts by the opposition to distract them from working.
;;-0.5267;;a week after prime minister modi modis graveyard-cremation ground remark sparked a row, bjp leader sakshi maharaj said on tuesday there should be no graveyards at all in the country and all should be cremated.
;;-0.296;;the bjp mp from unnao said, prime minister modi said a crematorium should be constructed next to a graveyard.
;;0.1779;;people familiar with developments on both sides said the cooperation is in line with the wuhan spirit, a reference to the informal summit last year between prime minister modi and president xi jinping that reset bilateral relations after the 2017 military stand-off at doklam.
;;-0.0857;;prime minister modi is taking the country ahead, but the shiv sena doesnt want to see india leading the world, he said.
;;0.0;;pm modi on a two-day visit to gujaratprime minister modi leaves for gujarat today to inaugurate some developmental projects and attend the annual meeting of the african development bank (afdb) group.
;;-0.8225;;pakistan mystery caller offers rs 50 crore to man for killing pm modimadhya pradesh police registered a case against unknown people on saturday after a youth in satna district received a call from a man who allegedly offered him rs 50 crore to join them in killing prime minister modi at a rally.
;;-0.6908;;according to satna police, the caller told kushal soni that he would be offered rs 50 crore if he joined them to kill modi during a rally in mumbai.
;;-0.296;;the chief minister had recently said that there was no leader in the opposition camp to measure up to prime minister modi modi.
;;0.3007;;but, the idea did not cut much ice with prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah, who also wanted a young leader to become cm.
;;0.6597;;legendary indian cricketer sachin tendulkar on tuesday thanked prime minister modi for promoting cricket during the ongoing icc cricket world cup 2019.
;;0.8555;;my friend, president @ibusolih is an ardent cricket fan, so i presented him a cricket bat that has been signed by #teamindia playing at the #cwc19, modi had tweeted on saturday.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/g0pggaz60e  modi (@narendramodi) june 8, 2019this gesture came after modi held delegation-level talks with solih after touching down in the island-nation on saturday afternoon.
;;0.3818;;this time too they will stand by the sad-bjp as the nation has emerged stronger under prime minister modi , he added.
;;0.765;;she enjoys the confidence of prime minister modi modi.
;;0.5267;;thawar chand gehlot: the 68-year-old politician from madhya pradesh is currently the social justice minister in the modi government.
;;0.7579;;aiadmk general secretary vk sasikala on wednesday thanked president pranab mukherjee, prime minister modi and tamil nadu governor ch vidyasagar rao for their support in bringing an ordinance to allow bull-taming sport jallikattu.
;;0.4215;;prior to the presentation, the union cabinet headed by prime minister modi approved the budget for 2019-20.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had laid the foundation stone for the epe, being implemented by the nhai, in november 2015.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi has also thrown his weight behind triple talaq reform, saying it was his administrations duty to ensure the rights of muslim women were upheld.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and [home minister] amit shah made the revocation of article 370 an election issue and it was also listed in their manifesto.
;;0.0;;he says his partys biggest priority is to get rid of the modi-shah duo, referring to prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;even after five years, modi does not have any achievements to project before the people.
;;0.0;;and (pakistan prime minister) imran khan says modi should become the prime minister again.
;;0.4019;;leave those who are not from bjp, does modi have good relations with (nitin) gadkari?
;;0.4404;;even within the bjp, except amit shah, who does modi have good relations with?
;;0.2144;;the sena in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana said that the erstwhile royal had different views about prime minister modi and the bjp earlier, but he has had a change of heart, and now both modi and amit shah are following shivajis principles in leading the country.
;;0.0;;referring to the pm, udayanraje had commented, who modi?
;;0.0;;the modi government has given people a begging bowl.
;;-0.296;;chandrakant patil or chief minister devendra fadnavis must have informed raje that there is no place for hooting or raising collars in the bjp when amit shah or prime minister modi are on the stage.
;;0.34;;eyes will also be on kanhaiya kumar, who has on several occasions criticised the policies of prime minister modi and has received support from celebrities like shabana azmi, swara bhasker and jnu students during his campaign.
;;-0.5994;;protesters were disappointed on thursday as prime minister modi remained non-committal to tamil nadus forceful appeal for an ordinance to skirt a ban on jallikattu, saying the matter was in the supreme court.
;;-0.6808;;chief minister o panneerselvam rushed to the national capital for a meeting with modi as a wave of protests rocked the southern state with anger rising over the top courts 2014 ban on the traditional and popular bull-taming sport.
;;0.0;;i have been nominated by prime minister modi for swacch bharat abhiyan.
;;0.802;;the meeting, which will be chaired by prime minister modi , is an attempt by the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) to reach out to opposition parties for support in the passage of crucial bills, including the triple talaq bill.
;;0.296;;the chief minister didnt go to marina, but promised in a statement that he would request prime minister modi to pass an emergency ordinance to allow the sport.
;;0.9093;;also read| love never loses, we will emerge stronger: rahul gandhi after poll defeatat the national level, bjp, whose campaign was spearheaded by prime minister modi on muscular nationalism and a strident anti-congress plank has won 288 seats and is leading on 15 as per the latest details updated on the website of the election commission.
;;-0.4588;;banerjee also refrained from attacking prime minister modi and and bjp president amit shah, named the bjp only a few times and referred to the rss as a saffron outfit.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 06:57 istprime minister modi arrived at the vladivostok international airport wednesday for two-day russia visit.
;;0.5719;;#watch prime minister modi receives guard of honour, on his arrival in vladivostok.
;;0.5574;;indiaupdated: sep 05, 2019 23:55 istindia on thursday announced a $1 billion line of credit for russias far east, with prime minister modi saying new delhi will march beside moscow to implement president vladimir putins vision for developing the resource-rich region.
;;0.3612;;modi made the announcement while speaking as chief guest at the eastern economic forum in the far eastern port city of vladivostok, a day after he held an annual summit with the russian president and the two sides signed a raft of deals in areas ranging from energy to defence.
;;0.0;;modi, who arrived in russia on wednesday for a two-day visit, is the first indian pm to visit the far east region.
;;0.5859;;driving the make in india agenda to push up factory output and create more jobs, prime minister modi on monday urged the diamond industry in surat to take a lead in making the country as number one in the gems and jewellery sector.
;;-0.0422;;indiaupdated: aug 26, 2019 19:42 istthe government has sacked 22 more tax officials accused of corruption and serious irregularities in line with prime minister modi modis commitment to purge the black sheep in the tax department, the government announced on monday.
;;0.6249;;the disqualification comes into effect from january 27, 2019-- the day mishra shared the stage with senior bjp leaders vijay goel and delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari to launch a campaign in support of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4767;;the former minister had opted out of the government citing poor health when the second national democratic alliance (nda) government headed by prime minister modi took oath.
;;-0.34;;prime minister modi mourned the death of arun jaitley, saying he has lost a valued friend.
;;0.5423;;gehlot had been entrusted with the task of handling party affairs in gujarat, the home state of prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah, just before the assembly polls last year.
;;0.3384;;the los angeles-based hyperloop one is costlier, more energy intensive and has a flawed approach, said bibop g gresta, the chairman of htt, who is set to meet prime minister modi on monday.
;;0.0;;besides his appointment with prime minister modi to discuss his companys model, gresta is expected to meet transport minister nitin gadkari and railway minister suresh prabhu on tuesday.
;;0.8748;;prime minister modi on wednesday described the united arab emirates (uae) as one of indias most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
;;0.0;;information commissioner m sridhar acharyulu has been divested of human resource development (hrd) ministry charge, days after he ordered delhi university to make public records of ba students of 1978, the year in which prime minister modi had passed out.
;;0.3182;;acharyulu, on a petition by one neeraj, had on january 8 directed the delhi university to allow inspection of records related to all the students who had passed ba degree in 1978, the year in which, according to the university, pm modi had cleared the examination.
;;-0.4588;;to defeat the modishah partnership, he said, referring to prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.8126;;targetingprimeminister modi , kejriwal said the pm had no achievements to show and was seeking votes on fake nationalism, which is dangerous for the country.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 11, 2019 14:57 istprime minister modi on wednesday elevated retired ias officer pramod kumar mishra as his principal secretary and appointed former cabinet secretary pk sinha as principal advisor to the prime minister.
;;-0.25;;nripendra misra, who had been one of the first bureaucrats to be appointed to the pmo when modi came to delhi in 2014, had resigned as principal secretary to the prime minister last month.
;;0.0;;in this role, senior officials recall that it was pk mishra who had introduced modi to the intricacies of the bureaucracy and government.
;;0.0;;maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray slammed prime minister modi as he kick-started his state-wide tour on maharashtra day, with a rally in vasai near mumbai.
;;-0.4588;;attacking modi , thackeray said he is the prime minister of gujarat and not of the country.
;;-0.4588;;this is not the first time the mns chief has attacked modi.
;;0.4019;;i was the first person in the country to support modi for the post of pm.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavis has been put on the posthe does whatever has been asked by modi and (bjp national president amit) shah, he said.
;;-0.1154;;india is committed to protecting climate, irrespective the paris agreement, prime minister modi said on friday but avoided a direct reference to the us withdrawing from the international deal.
;;0.0;;asked by the moderator whether india would side with the us or others on the paris climate change deal, modi replied, it is not a question of which way i go.
;;0.4588;;a grand alliance of foes: congress mulls ties with regional parties to break modi , bjp wave in 2019the congress on thursday said it would explore all options, including a grand alliance, to defeat prime minister modi and pose a formidable challenge to the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha election.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister modi has approved pradhan mantri gramin digital saksharta abhiyan (pmgdisha) to make 6 crore rural households digitally literate.
;;0.0;;narendra modi skipped his daily yoga practice on tuesday morning to meet his mother modi , the prime minister tweeted.
;;0.0;;the prime minister is on a two-day visit to gujarat and his 97-year-old mother lives with modis younger brother modi at raisan village near the state capital gandhinagar.
;;0.0258;;in a series of tweets, the aam aadmi party chief hit out at the prime minister for abandoning his wife and mother and said he didnt make his mother stand in a bank queue for politics  a reference to photographs and reports of modi in a bank queue to exchange demonetised banknotes in november.
;;-0.25;;kumar, in 2010, as part of the nda, had cancelled a dinner for the bjp national leadership at the eleventh hour, apparently after photographs showing him holding hands with the then gujarat chief minister modi appeared in newspaper advertisements.
;;0.7351;;a party legislator said the decision to attend the dinner was taken at a party meeting, which was attended by several top leaders, including modi , nand kishore yadav and others.
;;0.6808;;india moved a step closer to inviting bids for the purchase of 114 fighter jets, currently the worlds largest deal in play, as prime minister modi seeks to boost the capability of the countrys armed forces and replace an aging combat aircraft fleet.
;;-0.7003;;modernising the countrys defence forces is critical for modi , who hardly signed any new major arms deals during his first term, even as twin threats from neighbouring china and pakistan loomed.
;;0.128;;prime minister modi during his december 17, 2018 rally in andawan had visited akshawat and saraswati koop and announced its opening for devotees.
;;0.0;;adityanath also lauded prime minister modi to end casteism in the society.
;;-0.7845;;like abraham lincoln and nelson mandela got freedom for blacks from slavery and racism, pm modi has laid foundation of new india by ending casteism and other evils of the society, said the cm.
;;-0.5574;;including them in the anti-money laundering act closes a loop in prime minister modi modis high-octane campaign against corruption that saw his government ban old 500 and 1000-rupee banknotes.
;;0.0;;in reply to a query, sharma claimed that prime minister modi had never talked about congress mukt bharat but had talked about getting rid of the congress mindset.
;;-0.2617;;prime minister modi on friday said the digidhan movement was not only about curbing corruption, but also about giving a voice to the poor.
;;0.6597;;modi, who paid tribute to ambedkar at deekshabhoomi, where the dalit icon had embraced buddhism, linked the new schemes with his vision of social justice and financial empowerment.
;;0.128;;in december 2016, modi had launched the bhim app to facilitate electronic payments by consumers.
;;0.4019;;several opposition parties are seeking a debate in the upper house of parliament on electoral reforms, especially the use of electronic voting machines (evms), to counter a push for electoral reforms built around simultaneous state and parliamentary elections by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;for the sake of our country, prime minister, modi is the most suitable for the job, he tells a motley crew at mukinpur village in rai assembly segment.
;;0.8126;;this time the bjp is hoping for a better performance, which is why its star campaigners, prime minister modi and party president, amit shah, have repeatedly toured the state.
;;0.0;;the central university hogged headlines in january last year after a few dalit students shouted slogans against prime minister modi during its convocation ceremony.
;;-0.5994;;modi also spoke about hyderabad university student rohith vemulas death for the first time during his speech.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced the procurement of a batch of 36 rafale jets after talks with the then french president francois hollande on april 10, 2015 in paris.
;;0.0;;we need to verify the action pakistan has taken on the basis of the statement they made on wednesday, sources said after a meeting between prime minister modi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj.
;;0.3818;;haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar on saturday urged prime minister modi to ensure early construction of the sutlej-yamuna link (syl) canal.
;;0.0;;interacting with mediapersons after calling on modi in new delhi on saturday, khattar said he also pleaded for speedy development of the hisar airport.
;;0.0;;on the loan waiver for farmers of haryana, the chief minister said he had apprised modi about the hardships faced by the farmers in haryana and urged the central government to frame a scheme for their welfare on the pattern of uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;once the agenda is finalised by the aayog after obtaining comments of chief ministers, it would be referred to the prime minister modi , who is the chairman of the aayog.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi is likely to campaign in chaibasa on may 6 for bjp candidate from singhbhum laxman gilua, followed by congress president rahul gandhi on may 7 in the same town for party candidate geeta koda.
;;-0.4404;;congress leader, abhishek singhvi, reacted to lt gen singhs statement saying this is why they have condemned prime minister modi for drawing the armed forces into controversy and debate with political classes.
;;0.5563;;the importance of leadership and focussed direction  the two most important attributes of prime minister modi  to the electorate were insufficiently grasped.
;;0.3612;;also seriously underestimated, by rahul gandhi and mamata banerjee at least, was the popular faith in the integrity and selflessness of chowkidar modi and the simmering resentment against the culture of entitlement.
;;-0.6652;;modi had been in power for five years but during his tenure he consciously projected himself as a figure out to break a rotten status quo.
;;0.0;;people voted for modi because he appealed to them.
;;0.0;;in 2014, modi was still a hazy figure to large sections of the electorate.
;;0.0;;in this election, modi was a known commodity.
;;0.34;;the anti-corruption credentials of the government played a big role in modi being seen as an instrument of both change and modernity.
;;0.3182;;the post-poll survey also revealed that endorsement of modi was as high as 50  among hindu voters.
;;0.128;;unlike the atal behari vajpayee government where governance and political mobilisation were detached, the modi government took exceptional care to link the delivery of its welfare schemes to the need to shift the social centre of the bjp lower down the economic ladder.
;;0.4404;;modi invoked it far better and in a language people understood.
;;-0.4588;;during the lok sabha election campaign, bjp leaders including prime minister modi , bjp national president amit shah and uttar pradesh chief minister yodi adityanath repeatedly attacked mamata banerjee for the step.
;;0.0;;25 lakh-crore announced by prime minister modi during the poll campaign, an rti query has revealed.
;;0.0;;a similar situation prevails on the rs 80,068 crore aid package modi announced on november 7, 2015 for jammu and kashmir, where the bjp is a junior partner in the ruling coalition.
;;0.0;;the balakot airstrikes narrative of prime minister modi is resonating in the border seat.
;;0.25;;a war of words broke out between the bjp and congress on saturday over the barmer refinery as former chief minister ashok gehlot said prime minister modi should reconsider his decision to re-lay the foundation stone while the ruling party said it had saved the state rs 40,000 crore under a revised agreement.
;;0.0;;addressing media persons, gehlot said he had written to modi on august 12, 2017 and again on january 5, requesting him to re-think his visit for foundation stone laying as this had already been laid by former congress president sonia gandhi in 2013.
;;0.0;;referring to prime minister modi modis appeal in his programme mann ki baat on radio for saving petrol-diesel once a week, maurya said his government would strictly follow the advice.
;;0.2263;;so, this weekend, when noted journalist tavleen singh chose to defend her son, the new york-based author aatish taseer, over the polarising cover story he wrote on prime minister modi (indias divider in chief) for the latest issue of an international magazine, there were many who were surprised.
;;-0.8779;;nevertheless, when fellow sikh and inhabitant of the same lutyens delhi circles, actor kabir bedi had tweeted his outrage over what he called a blatantly biased attack on prime minister modi by a pakistani, singh was quick to retort that the actor could disagree with what he [taseer] writes.
;;0.6249;;what lifted the evening further was the unabashed musicality of the legendary louis banks aka the godfather of indian jazz, who, accompanied with his talented son gino banks on drums, rhys dsouza on saxophone, avishek dey on bass and kush upadhay on guitar, afforded the eclectic audience, comprising the citys culturati, including nawaz modi , sundari and laila khan and nadir godrej, some fine jazz and soul medleys.
;;0.0;;the nda meet in new delhi was attended by prime minister modi , bjp president amit shah, union ministers arun jaitley and sushma swaraj, andra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, shiv sena chief udhav thackrey and others.
;;0.7506;;read: prime minister modi praised at nda meet: five things you need to knowan autonomous body, the gta was formed in 2012 through a tri-partite agreement between the centre, the bengal government and gjm after a long movement by the gorkhas.
;;0.0;;here are 6 points on sinha, a low-profile but hard-working minister in the modi government:1) sinha, minister of communication (independent charge) and minister of state for railways, is a civil engineer.
;;0.7003;;3) in his last meeting in varanasi, prime minister modi effusively praised sinha for his work and commitment as the railway minister.
;;0.3818;;consumption and investment activity were dampened after prime minister modi on november 8 announced the bold decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.3291;;watch | pm modi on 2-day visit to bhutan, receives guard of honour at paro airportboth countries have over the years converted bhutans rivers waters into not just electricity but also prosperity, he said adding that joint hydro-power generation was going past 200 mw mark in bhutan.
;;-0.2732;;facing charges in india of financial irregularities amounting to over rs 9,000 crore, mallya has been putting forth his version of events through social media in recent weeks, most recently on march 31 following an interview to a television channel by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi revived the debate on holding simultaneous polls soon after coming to power in may 2014.
;;-0.1027;;shah also took on congress vice-president rahul gandhi for questioning prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;rahul gandhi keeps asking what has modi has done in two-and-a-half years.
;;-0.0516;;imran khan has been accusing prime minister modi of pursuing a hindu supremacist agenda.
;;-0.6187;;rahul gandhi on tuesday hit back at prime minister modi , accusing him of mocking the tragedy of uttarakhand earthquake and insulting the freedom struggle, but not answering oppositions questions on demonetisation.
;;0.0;;the congress vice president also took a dig at modi over his surgery remarks on economy, saying a quack endangers life.
;;0.7096;;modi had attacked congress for claiming entire credit for the countrys independence and objected to certain comments made by congress leader in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge yesterday regarding sacrifices made for attaining freedom.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi on thursday inaugurated the first shimla-new delhi flight under a government scheme to boost regional air connectivity.
;;0.0;;as i arrived in pakistan to attend the saarc (south asian association for regional cooperation) summit, i saw some people raising slogans against me and prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;a concrete pact in this regard with the national investment and infrastructure fund is expected to be signed after the meeting between modi and the crown prince5) 38 pactsthere are 38 pacts or memorandum of understanding between the two countries across various fields.
;;0.128;;worldupdated: aug 25, 2019 12:31 istprime minister modi on sunday launched the usd 4.
;;0.0;;modi, the first indian prime minister to visit the key gulf nation, offered prayers at the shreenathji temple in manama, the oldest temple in the region, and also the prasad that he bought with the rupay card after launching it in the uae on saturday.
;;0.5423;;watch| pm modi conferred with uaes highest civilian award by crown princethe usd 4.
;;0.0;;modi arrived here on saturday, the first ever by an indian prime minister to bahrain.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi had scrapped rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in a surprise decision on november 8, 2016, making thousands queue up in front of banks and atms over the next two months.
;;0.6808;;prime minister modi promoted this as an opportunity for more people, especially the common man, to access air travel.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi launches the udan regional connectivity scheme for civil aviation at jubbarhatti airport near shimla.
;;0.5719;;singh rubbished congress spokesperson randeep surjewalas comment that he is an opportunist, and said he joined the bjp because of his admiration for prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 26, 2019 23:23 istus president donald trump on monday said prime minister modi feels he has the situation in kashmir under control and that india and pakistan could handle the issue on their own, reiterating new delhis position that the issue is a bilateral one.
;;-0.5106;;also watch| pm modi meets trump, says all issues between india-pakistan are bilateraltrumps remarks on kashmir, made ahead of a bilateral meeting with modi on the margins of the g7 summit in biarritz, france, came a month after he angered new delhi by saying the indian premier had asked him to mediate on the issue.
;;0.3089;;modi added: all the issues between india and pakistan are of bilateral nature and because of this, we do not trouble any country of the world about these issues.
;;0.2724;;at one point, as modi was finishing responding in hindi to a question, trump quipped that the indian prime minister actually speaks very good english but chooses not to.
;;0.8591;;the two enjoyed a laugh over the quip, clasped hands briefly, and modi playfully slapped the us presidents arm.
;;0.1027;;briefing the media in biarritz, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said modi had made indias position on kashmir clear to trump on sunday night and there was no further discussion at mondays meeting.
;;-0.0516;;there was some discussion on the kashmir issue when modi met un secretary general antonio guterres on sunday, and the prime minister laid out indias position on article 370 of the constitution being an internal matter, and that new delhi had taken no step on the international front in any way or form to threaten regional peace and stability, gokhale said.
;;-0.8402;;gokhale said modi had underlined the primary threat was the terrorism faced by the people and the state for more than 30 years.
;;0.2732;;gokhale said mondays meeting between modi and trump was focussed on trade and energy.
;;0.5574;;gokhale said modi spoke of the importance of energy imports from the us, including $4 billion in imports already in the pipeline and indias expectation to step it up.
;;0.0;;it was inaugurated by prime minister modi in november 2015.
;;-0.8167;;prime minister modi on friday said that terrorism is the biggest threat to humanity which not only kills innocents but also severely affects the economic development and social stability.
;;0.34;;trinamool congress leader and nephew of west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, abhishek banerjee, on saturday sent a defamation notice to prime minister modi for his alleged derogatory remarks made against him in a public rally on wednesday at bengals diamond harbour.
;;-0.5423;;the two-page letter demanded unconditional apology within 36 hours from modi and threatened appropriate proceedings in case the apology is not issued.
;;0.0;;the habit of loot does not go away, modi added.
;;-0.5574;;such vile and vindictive statements are unbecoming of the post you hold and should be remedied immediately, read the legal notice to modi.
;;-0.5859;;in the first mann ki baat programme after assuming office in his second term, prime minister modi on sunday spoke on one of the biggest challenges facing india today: an acute water crisis.
;;0.0;;continuing in the same vein, he referred to prime minister modi and said patriotism is in his blood and he wont flinch from following his duty.
;;0.0;;on may 3, prime minister modi inaugurated a research institute run by ramdevs patanjali ayurveda in uttarakhands haridwar.
;;0.0;;things finally started moving when prime minister modi visited nepal in august 2014.
;;0.4019;;with prime minister modi inaugurating the alliance air shimla-delhi flight at the scenic jubbar hatti airport atop a hill, 35 km from here, on thursday morning, himachal pradesh tourism is set to get a boost.
;;0.0;;on april 29, prime minister modi said at a rally in west bengal that 40 tmc legislators were in touch with him.
;;0.34;;they later realised that democracy can be restored in the state if the modi government is elected at the centre.
;;0.7579;;indiaupdated: aug 28, 2019 12:58 istsharing its pictures, prime minister modi on wednesday urged people to visit the sardar sarovar dam in gujarat and hoped that those visiting the super structure will also go to the statue of unity.
;;0.0;;in his independence day speech this year, pm modi had urged the 20-million-odd indian tourists travelling abroad on vacation every year to visit 15 tourist destinations within the country by 2022 to give a fillip to the domestic tourism sector.
;;0.8074;;the party is targeting neutral voters attracted by prime minister modi , besides beneficiaries of various central schemes.
;;0.2732;;the modi government has also enhanced allocation for pregnant womens well being.
;;0.0;;in december, prime minister modi had already announced an entitlement of ?
;;0.5994;;signifying the importance given to jammu and kashmir by prime minister modi modis government, union home minister amit shah wednesday chose the state for his maiden visit after assuming office and reviewed the security situation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , in a rare move, joined bjp president amit shah in a press briefing today at bjp headquarters in delhi.
;;0.5574;;the three summit level meetings that pm modi has had with french president macron (22-23 august), us president trump (26 august) and finally, russian president putin (4-5 september) displays a remarkable dexterity in our foreign policy.
;;0.7506;;the three summit-level meetings that prime minister modi has had with frances president emmanuel macron (august 22-23), united states president donald trump (august 26), and finally, russian president vladimir putin (september 4-5) display a remarkable dexterity in our foreign policy.
;;0.8047;;the strategic partnership that we have with france is not new, but modi deserves a lot of credit for energising and rejuvenating it.
;;0.7096;;i still remember, as indias ambassador to france, that within one month of macron winning elections, modi was keen to visit paris to get to know the new leader, and establish a personal rapport with him.
;;0.0;;modi paid a visit to paris in june 2017, and was one of the first foreign leaders to meet macron.
;;0.2732;;it is noteworthy that modi has invested time and energy in such a crucial relationship for india.
;;0.0;;it is a tribute to our diplomacy that we did not go ballistic at this trump statement and preferred to wait until a one-on-one meeting between modi and trump.
;;0.0;;modi and putin met recently at vladivostok.
;;0.0;;this complex game of strategic hedging will probably come full circle when modi meets the chinas president xi jinping in mamallapuram (near chennai) in october.
;;0.4215;;salma agha said she favored modi governments stance on abolition of the practice of triple talaq, an issue that was raised by modi during the bjps mahoba rally in up last november.
;;-0.128;;our volunteers will soon fan out in minority dominated districts carrying prime minister modi modis message of development, he said, adding, we will also educate them about the schemes launched by the nda government for their education and poverty alleviation.
;;0.6597;;ashraf said the partys victory in the up polls, particularly in deoband assembly constituency, which is dominated by muslims, gave a strong message that the nations muslim community accepted pm modi for his developmental plank.
;;0.0;;the case of our prime minister modi is not different.
;;-0.0516;;in a significant development, ncp chief sharad pawar called on prime minister modi in new delhi apparently to seek his attention to the farmers agitation in maharashtra.
;;-0.6705;;on tuesday, the congress had sought prime ministers clarification following which external affairs minister s. jaishankar categorically rejected trumps statement and clarified in both houses of parliament that modi made no such request to the us president.
;;0.2732;;the recommendation assumes significance as president pranab mukherjee and prime minister modi have pitched for simultaneous lok sabha and assembly polls.
;;0.5106;;modi had in february made a strong pitch for simultaneous elections.
;;0.0;;upendra kushwaha, the junior minister for human resource development (hrd) in the modi government, said on saturday that the prime minister should not have held a road show for the uttar pradesh assembly election.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi during his roadshow in varanasi on saturday.
;;0.0;;last month, the rlsp withdrew from the up electoral race after modi spoke with kushwaha.
;;0.5267;;subhash also heaped praises on prime minister modi for mentioning raos name in the lok sabha.
;;0.4939;;while addressing in the lok sabha, prime minister modi praised narasimha rao because of his contributions made in the country and due to the economic policy implemented in 1991.
;;0.6369;;on tuesday, modi took a potshot at congress, saying that the party never recognised efforts of former prime ministers like rao, atal bihari vajpayee and manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, modi paid tributes to rao on his 98th birth anniversary and called him a veteran administrator who led the nation at a crucial juncture of our history.
;;0.6486;;modi also applauded rao for his leadership and for taking steps which contributed to the progress of the nation.
;;0.5719;;in another tweet in hindi, kejriwal targeted prime minister modi saying that you may do whatever you want to, (but) the truth is with us, god is with us.
;;0.0;;she is one of the eight women sarpanchs from ghaziabad who attended the swachh shakti  2017 conclave held in gandhi nagar, gujarat, and addressed by prime minister modi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi drew parallels between india and china during a one-to-one meeting with chinese president xi jinping at the hubei provincial museum in wuhan on friday afternoon.
;;0.6908;;modi also praised chinese efficiency in constructing structural landmarks across the country, citing the three gorges dam on the yangtze river as an example.
;;0.4588;;the much-awaited summit began soon after modi arrived at the museum, established in 1953, to a rousing welcome around 1 pm.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath have appreciated the efforts being put in by gupta.
;;-0.8687;;prime minister modi reached odishas capital bhubaneswar on monday to visit districts hit by cyclone fani and take stock of the situation, days after more than 35 people died and large parts of the coastal areas were badly affected by the extremely severe storm.
;;0.0;;modi will undertake an aerial survey of puri, khurda, cuttack, jagatsinghpur, jajpur, kendrapara, bhadrak and balasore district.
;;0.6369;;union minister dharmendra pradhan, who undertook a visit to the cyclone-hit areas of puri district, stated modi has said that all help for relief and restoration of the affected people will be provided.
;;0.7717;;prime minister modi on friday greeted the central industrial security force (cisf) on its 48th raising day and hailed it for securing the countrys key establishments.
;;0.0;;javadekars projection is in line with pm modi and amit shahs prediction that the bjp would return to power with over 300 seats in the 543-member house.
;;0.4019;;people have been ahead of us in their determination to form a modi government once again, amit shah told reporters at a press conference earlier this week.
;;0.4019;;its clean chit to the observations by prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah is astonishing.
;;0.0772;;the congress on thursday said it would explore all options, including a grand alliance, to defeat prime minister modi and pose a formidable challenge to the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha election.
;;-0.7184;;only a fool will say that prime minister modi can be defeated single-handedly, he said.
;;0.743;;in a phone call with prime minister modi on tuesday, president donald trump said the us considers india a true friend and partner in addressing challenges around the world, according to a white house statement.
;;0.1779;;modi and trump, who were speaking for the first time after the new us president took charge last friday, also discussed security in the region of south and central asia, but the statement left out details.
;;-0.7227;;but modi and trump resolved, according to the white house statement, that the united states and india stand shoulder to shoulder in the global fight against terrorism, which has been a priority for both of them and both countries.
;;-0.4168;;trump is hosting modi later in the year, but it was, once again, not immediately clear if that will be in september-october when the indian prime minister comes to the us for the un general assembly meeting, or some other time.
;;0.7351;;but the two, who first spoke in november when modi was among the first foreign leaders to call trump on his election win, are likely to meet during the next meeting of the g-20, which is scheduled to take place in germanys hamburg in july.
;;0.2732;;the tuesday call with modi , on the second day of trumps first week in office, is being taken as sign of the priority he is attaching to the relationship, after an unprecedented outreach to the indian-american community during election.
;;0.0;;at the suggestion of the republican hindu coalition founder shalli kumar, who had organised the rally, trump recorded a campaign call modelled on modis election slogan abki baar modi sarkar, replacing modi with trump.
;;0.7845;;also, prime minister modi appears to have an admirer in steve bannon, chief strategist and senior counseller to the president, who had in 2014 called modis election a great victory  very much based on  reaganesque principles.
;;0.5106;;prime minster modi on saturday asked the youth of india to tweet and sensitise the opposition about the importance of allowing parliament to function as many important bills necessary to take the country forward were pending.
;;-0.128;;speaking at the start-up india event, modi stressed that many bills that were aimed to help young entrepreneurs have been stalled in parliament.
;;0.0;;5) bjp to ring in governments fourth year with modi fest from may 26the bjp will sell what sells the most  modi modi.
;;0.128;;modi completes three years in power on may 26 and the fest will be launched on the same day.
;;0.34;;i believe that under the leadership of prime minister modi and security agencies intervention, india will ultimately prevail in kashmir, he said at the samvaad conclave organised by india tv.
;;0.4404;;concerns over economic growth has been increasing after prime minister modi unleashed the bold move to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes from november 9, followed by tardy implementation and increasing hardship of cash-starved indians.
