;;-0.1531;;prime minister modi on tuesday said congress president rahul gandhis public rebuke to his party leader sam pitroda for his hua to hua remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots was a mere stunt in view of the elections in punjab where polling is scheduled to be held on may 19.
;;0.0;;addressing an election rally in chandigarh, modi said, hua to hua (so what, if it happened) is part of congress culture and the rebuke was only an electoral compulsion.
;;-0.0772;;in a thinly disguised reference to former minister and congress leader mani shankar aiyar calling him neech admi, modi said, remember during the gujarat elections an important minister in their government had said, modi neech hein neech.
;;0.4767;;stating that this would repeat in punjab too as soon as elections are over, modi said, he will hug his guru (pitroda) immediately after punjab elections.
;;0.0;;as prime minister modi said in his latest campaign  he said, modi hai to mumkin hai, modi makes it possible.
;;0.9274;;later, addressing a joint press event with najib, modi said,to secure our societies, and for the greater regional good, we have agreed to further strengthen our strategic partnership to shape an effective response to our common concerns and challenges.
;;0.7717;;modi also said the two sides were conscious of their role and responsibility in promoting economic prosperity, freedom of navigation, and stability in the asia-pacific region, especially its oceans.
;;0.0;;on economic ties, modi said the two countries have built a thriving economic partnership.
;;-0.4144;;so, it is a vicious cycle, which is at its last stage, modi said.
;;-0.4019;;faultlinesamit modi , director aba corp and vice president, credai, western up says that neither the developer not the buyer is at fault.
;;-0.7717;;in his speech announcing demonetisation in november 2016, modi had said that banning certain currency notes would curb black money and circulation of fake notes by terrorist outfits.
;;0.0;;i believe our government will come to power with complete majority, said pm modi.
;;0.0;;now that the government is able to manage everything together, students exams, ramzan, elections, everything is able to go on together, said pm modi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/jrj4xedc1y  ani (@ani) may 17, 20191:26 pm ist i will use the next five years for development of india: pm modi you take out five seconds to vote for me and i will use the next five years for the development of india, says pm modi.
;;0.3384;;we are fully committed to double the income of farmers by 2022, says pm modi modi.
;;-0.5994;;both of these cities are associated with the independence war of 1857, says pm modi modi.
;;0.0;;they are voting to build a new india, says pm modi modi.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister modi never asked us president donald trump to help mediate with pakistan their dispute over the kashmir region, external affairs minister s jaishankar said on tuesday, after trumps comments during a white house interaction with pakistan prime minister imran khan set off a storm of criticism.
;;-0.25;;trump told reporters on monday that modi had asked him, during the g-20 meeting in japans osaka last month, if he would like to be a mediator on kashmir, which is at the heart of decades of hostility between india and pakistan.
;;0.0;;in late april, prime minister modi announced that india had become 100  electrified  a village is technically electrified if 10  of its households have power connections  but according to his governments own data, 31 million households in india remain without electricity.
;;-0.4019;;now, he is in trouble because we are taking double the amount, pm modi had said in an interview to a news channel.
;;-0.0516;;addressing the bjp parliamentary party meeting, modi also asked rajya sabha members to visit constituencies where the bjp organisation was weak.
;;0.4404;;if we collectively strive to do it with eternal vigilance, it surely can be flushed out, said modi in his mann ki baat radio address.
;;0.0;;whereas the red beacon used to be fixed atop the vehicle, slowly and steadily it permeated into the psyche and got firmly entrenched in the mindset, modi said.
;;0.8074;;pm modi said he was happy to see a positive response to his previous request --to inculcate a habit of reading books-- made to all his listeners.
;;0.9001;;responding to a comment from parliamentary affairs minister, prahlad joshi, about poor attendance on the treasury benches, modi said this was a bit like winning an election with a margin of 2-3 lakh and then realising your best friend hasnt voted for you?
;;-0.4588;;congress spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi said modi had asked the pakistan prime minister about his and his mothers health, instead of giving a befitting reply to him for killing indian soldiers.
;;-0.4767;;responding to the congresss allegation of bias by the ec, modi said on saturday: these are all excuses with which they want to explain away their imminent defeat.
;;-0.8956;;the congress celebrates sultan jayanti to get votes in karnataka but doesnt honour other leaders, said prime minister modi on sunday in remarks seen as referring to tipu sultan, the erstwhile ruler of the kingdom of mysore who died fighting the british.
;;0.2023;;during a meeting on the margins of the g20 summit in the japanese city of osaka, modi told the crown prince that both these issues were important for india.
;;0.6124;;modi said access in services is important for india during this review and the two sides need an agreement that reflects investment, technology and services and not just trade in goods.
;;-0.6369;;attacking the sp-bsp alliance, modi said he had been the chief minister of gujarat more than the terms of akhilesh yadav and mayawati as uttar pradesh chief ministers combined, and there was no blot of corruption on him.
;;0.0;;the fact is that naidu is neither a mitra (friend) of anybody nor does he do any seva (service) to the people, modi said, addressing an election rally in andhra pradeshs rajahmundry.
;;-0.25;;while the bjp was striving to protect the cultural heritage of andhra pradesh, naidu is destroying the states heritage for his own heritage (a group of companies being run by naidus family), modi said.
;;-0.34;;forget demonetisation, i will keep taking tough actions, one after another, to get rid of these termites who resurface at new places every time their holes are plugged, modi said at a function in jharkhands backward sahebganj district.
;;-0.6115;;distributing appointment letters to 956 members of particularly vulnerable tribal group (pvtg), who were recruited to the newly formed jharkhands primitive tribal battalion, modi said uplift of these most backward tribal groups, who are deprived of education and development, and bringing them to the mainstream was a real challenge.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on thursday claimed that the west bengal police, in connivance with the state government, was trying to wipe out evidence of the desecration of ishwar chandra vidyasagars statue.
;;-0.8555;;addressing a rally here, modi said chief minister mamata banerjee, frustrated over her imminent defeat, has threatened to put him behind bars after the general elections.
;;-0.8689;;didi has lost her cool in the face of imminent defeat and has become frustrated, and is now threatening to put me behind bars, modi said.
;;0.5859;;the days of the bua-bhatija (aunt-nephew) government in the state are numbered going by the mood of the people, modi said, adding, the bjp will win the majority of the 42 lok sabha seats in the state and over 300 seats in the country.
;;-0.25;;because of this, people have lost confidence in you and have made up their mind to defeat you, modi said.
;;0.3861;;dubbing banerjee as sticker didi, modi said she is not interested in the development of bengal, but keen on putting her own stickers on central projects.
;;-0.8047;;in an apparent reference to the recent arrest of bjp youth wing activist priyanka sharma, who walked out of jail on wednesday after being arrested for posting a morphed picture of banerjee on facebook, modi said she puts saffron party workers behind bars, but lets tmc goons out in the open to torture the masses.
;;-0.5106;;in new delhi, the ministry of external affairs rejected trumps claim that modi ever asked for mediation on kashmir.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, modi said all efforts were being made to fulfil the cultural aspirations of the people of tamil nadu.
;;0.128;;pm modi , in his public speeches and interviews, has claimed that since the pmjdy was launched in august 2014, the scheme has ensured that every family has access to banks.
;;0.8225;;prime minister modi had on wednesday announced that india successfully test-fired an anti-satellite missile by shooting down a live satellite, describing it as a rare achievement that puts the country in an exclusive club of space super powers.
;;-0.802;;all should come together to fight terrorism, modi said during a discussion at the st. petersburg international economic forum (spief).
;;-0.2136;;in an oblique reference to pakistan, modi said terrorists dont manufacture weapons, but some countries supply guns to them.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi announced april 28 as a historic day, claiming that all villages in the country were electrified on that day.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has announced to get the sacrilege incidents probed by the cbi, sukhbir said.
;;0.8979;;the make in india mittelstand (miim) launched to encourage german small and medium industry (sme) to india has evoked major interest in germany, giving further boost to bilateral business ties, prime minister modi said on tuesday.
;;0.5719;;the strategic market entry programme -- mii mittelstand -- started in september 2015 to facilitate entry into the indian market has been a major success, modi said addressing the india-germany business summit also attended by german chancellor angela merkel.
;;0.0;;mercedes benz have started their second facility in chakan (pune) which will double their capacity to 20,000 units per annum, modi said.
;;0.8957;;noting that india attaches great value to the german partnership and has had several meetings with ceos from that country, modi said that india had been progressively easing its rules on doing business to encourage foreign investment.
;;0.6249;;modi asked mps to join the campaign which, he added, had got a good response from the people.
;;0.7506;;speaking about uttar pradesh elections, modi said the electorate has already ensured bjps victory in the first five phases and now they would give surplus votes as gift and bonus in the remaining two rounds.
;;0.0;;addressing an election rally in silchar in southern assam, prime minister modi on thursday said the mood in the country can be guessed by the crowds in his rallies.
;;0.2732;;we are committed to bring citizenship (amendment) bill after consultations with all sections; it will be amended in way so as not to impact assamese people, modi said.
;;0.7506;;congress conspired to create a vote bank of infiltrators to ensure that the party continues in power in assam, modi said.
;;-0.4215;;modi said that if congress had wished it could have solved border issues with pakistan, along the border with assam and kashmir, after the 1971 war with the neighbouring country.
;;0.128;;anta poril kola dhonor bepar (the business of black money has come to end), deshdrohir uporot poril madho mar (traitors of the country have got beaten up), anuprabeshkari sokole polabo simapa (infiltrators will have to flee across the border),modi said as thousands cheered.
;;0.2732;;speaking at an economic forum in st petersburg in russia, modi said india is committed to the paris accord irrespective of the course chosen by other countries.
;;0.1027;;modi said he was asked a similar question in germany earlier this week, before the us decision was made public, and had replied, paris or no paris, it is our conviction to protect the environment.
;;0.0;;use social media for public service and not self-promotion, prime minister modi told bureaucrats on friday, even as he pulled up a section of officials who he said spent too much time online.
;;0.7264;;if the social media is used for announcing the date for the anti-polio vaccination then its very good, modi said in his address to bureaucrats on the 11th civil service day, asking officials to make better use of online interaction tools.
;;0.0;;i see officers of district level so busy on social media that most of the time is spent on this (social media), modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said he was aware of the power of social media but added that at his meetings with bureaucrats through video conferences, he has often seen them busy taking pictures of the meeting on their mobile phones.
;;-0.6908;;in amethi (rahul gandhis lok sabha constituency), a poor person, who had the ayushman bharat card, was denied treatment by a hospital whose trustees are from the gandhi family, modi said.
;;-0.5106;;in gwalior, modi also said the congress used to exhibit indias poverty to the world while his government has highlighted the nations power.
;;-0.0772;;the entire world is seeing for the first time how the people of the country have taken charge of the campaign for this sevak, modi said, adding that people trust him while the opposition abuses him.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi will announce details of these at an event on thursday.
;;-0.5267;;modi said pitrodas comment shows the character and arrogance of the congress.
;;0.9274;;modi said that strong and stable relations between india and china can inspire a stable and peaceful world.
;;0.0;;in his independence day address last year, modi had announced that the mission would be undertaken by 2022 using isros own capabilities.
;;0.3182;;in 45-minute long meeting with us president donald trump, who had offered to mediate on the kashmir issue, pm modi said: india and pakistan were together before 1947 and i am confident that we can discuss and solve our problems together.
;;-0.7096;;also read: reduce tension over kashmir bilaterally, donald trump tells imran khanus president trump had offered mediation between india and pakistan on kashmir during pakistan pm imran khans white house visit in july with a claim that even prime minister modi had asked him to, the claim was swiftly and summarily denied by new delhi, and reiterated that the kashmir issue can only be resolved bilaterally, and only after pakistan stopped supporting terrorism.
;;0.0;;his plans were pushed back when prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8.
;;0.0;;in madhya pradesh, too, 60  is bought by the government, while haryana is at 70  and rajasthan at 50 , modi said.
;;0.4767;;in modis home state of gujarat  a state with one of the highest rain deficits in the largely normal monsoon of 2016, as indiaspend reported in october 2016  a fourth of farmers have benefitted from the flagship crop-insurance scheme, not 60-70  as modi claimed.
;;0.0;;attempting to turn the up ke ladke vs bahari pitch by the sp-congress alliance, modi in his public rallies said that despite being an adopted son, he would do what the real ones couldnt, as the people of up elected him as their mp that helped him become the prime minister.
;;-0.0516;;and i also want to know from sp if by tying up with the congress they havent compromised on the ideals of ram manohar lohiaji who fought the congress all his life, modi asked.
;;0.0;;modi said loan waiver of small and marginal farmers would be the first decision if the bjp came to power in the state.
;;0.0;;on friday, prime minister modi chose to forcefully raise the issue of declining academic standards in up from his rally in gonda where modi said contracts for mass copying are taken.
;;0.0;;many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister modi announced the demonetisation exercise on november 8.
;;-0.8126;;the thought whose priority is not humanity, but extremism and terrorism, modi said, without naming the neighbouring country.
;;0.0;;bangladesh is an example of this, modi said.
;;-0.3182;;this mentality obstructs development in whole region, modi said, adding that both india and bangladesh were its victims.
;;0.0;;nar ho na niraash karo man ko, kuchh kaam karo kuchh kaam karo (dont be disheartened man, work, work and work), modi said, adding that india honoured those who wanted to move ahead on the basis of their work.
;;-0.7096;;those who question indias surgical strikes on militant launch pads in pakistan-occupied kashmir should speak to families of army martyrs, prime minister modi said on saturday, in comments apparently aimed at stoking a raging debate over nationalism.
;;-0.3612;;sadly, there are some people who are so driven by political considerations that they want to question our armed forces, modi said at a public rally in uttar pradeshs jaunpur.
;;0.0516;;modi asked as he took on opposition parties who had sought proof of last years surgical strikes by the indian army across the line of control (loc) in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;modi asked.
;;-0.4939;;apparently taking a dig at the clout of jailed politicians, modi said, over here, (even the) jail has also become a palace for bahubalis (strongmen), modi said.
;;-0.8847;;but here, it is called gayatri prajapati mantri, modi said referring to a state minister accused of rape.
;;0.0258;;there must be some reason for mother earth to be unhappy, modi said, replying to the motion of thanks on presidents address.
;;0.802;;it was janshakti (peoples power) that had propelled him to the top job but the congress thinks only a family has given us freedom, said modi , an apparent reference to the nehru-gandhi dynasty.
;;0.8674;;there are many people who were born after independence but we are fortunate to live for the country, modi said amid an applause from the treasury benches.
;;0.0;;modi has earlier asked the people for ideas for his independence day speech and mann ki baat monthly radio programme.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi says that protection of public property is our responsibility as it belongs to all of us.
;;0.0;;while campaigning for the lok sabha polls, modi had said in north bengal that the bjp would change the face of naxalbari and alleged the mamata banerjee government had done little for it.
;;0.4404;;here are live updates from a joint briefing by modi and merkel after their meeting:11:50pm: modi on twitter says objective will be to improve economic and cultural relations with spain.
;;-0.5859;;twitter.com/f37gbqfvtv  modi (@narendramodi) may 30, 20178:15pm: it would be an immoral and criminal act to spoil the environment for future generations, modi said, underlining the need to protect nature.
;;-0.8519;;6:54pm: warning that terrorism poses a grave threat to future generations, modi said forces of humanity should come together to combat the menace as india and germany vowed to take strong measures against those who encourage, support and finance it.
;;-0.7964;;responding to grylls, when he points out evident dangers lurking in their vicinity, pm modi says, we should not take this place as a danger zone.
;;-0.1027;;bhedbhaav nahin hona chahiye (there should be no discrimination, modi told a rally in fatehpur, apparently playing the hindutva card in the politically crucial state.
;;-0.2584;;modi says sabka saath sabka vikas, without giving even a single ticket to muslims or christians.
;;0.1027;;your father was termed mr clean by his courtiers, but his life ended as corrupt no 1, pm modi said, provoking a sharp response from the congress and other opposition parties.
;;0.0;;during the 7-minute interaction, modi asked her to explain how she helped people and how they are benefited under the digital india initiative.
;;0.5423;;prime minister modi on friday said cooperation between india and china is essential to maintain peace and stability around the world and offered to host the next informal summit between leaders of the two asian giants.
;;0.3818;;modi said he hoped his meeting with chinese president xi jinping in the central chinese city of wuhan would open a new chapter in bilateral relations.
;;0.2263;;ill be happy if, in 2019, we can have such [an] informal summit in india, modi said.
;;0.3612;;this, modi said, was a sign of the importance xi accorded to india.
;;0.0772;;modi told a group of obc mps of the bjp on wednesday that it was a long pending demand made by a parliamentary committee and that mps of all parties had personally demanded the same from him.
;;-0.8858;;this kind of negative politics to deprive the backward classes of their rights is regrettable, modi told the bjp mps who felicitated him for bringing in the bill.
;;0.7783;;with the aim of consolidating the bjps support from backward communities, modi also asked the bjp mps to discharge their moral and constitutional duty to create awareness among the socially marginalized groups about the governments move and how it would benefit them.
;;0.7579;;new opportunities to improve their life will be created under the new commission, modi told them.
;;0.7626;;describing the backward communities as a self respecting social group, modi said they never forget even smallest help extended to them.
;;-0.6249;;i feel bad when an experienced leader like him makes wrong statements for votes, said pm modi launching the bjps campaign for next months assembly elections in maharashtra.
;;-0.6808;;but every one knows where the terror factory is, modi said.
;;-0.5267;;without naming rahul gandhi, pm modi , in the nashik rally, said the congress leaders are making comments which are being used by other countries and terror outfits against india.
;;0.0;;it is now maharashtras turn to make use of his leadership qualities, modi said.
;;0.8689;;modi said fadnavis had provided political stability, social harmony, law and order opportunities for investment, better facilities for farmers and ensured benefits of central schemes for people of the state.
;;0.3182;;modi had said, it was brave of kumar to risk such a policy.
;;0.0772;;pm modi had said that life of rahul gandhis father ended as corrupt number 1.
;;0.2732;;it was at the cms initiative that i had accepted the post of chairman of the empowered committee of state fms (2011-13), which spearheaded the implementation of gst, said bjp leader sushil kumar modi.
;;0.0772;;modi said: there may be some confusion initially, like it happened with vat.
;;0.802;;win over your opponents and focus on winning 2024 election from now on, prime minister modi told bjp legislators in early august, even before the dust had settled on the 2019 race.
;;0.0;;picture abhi baki hai (film is yet to come), modi said in a public address to launch twin national pension schemes.
;;0.5499;;this tunnel is not just the longest tunnel but a big leap for jammu and kashmir in terms of development, modi said, describing the engineering feat as the states fate-line that will translate dreams into reality.
;;-0.2617;;facing opposition attack over his caste, prime minister modi on sunday said he was born a backward but he doesnt do politics on such lines.
;;-0.5106;;at an election rally in uttar pradeshs kushinagar, pm modi said poverty is his caste.
;;-0.4019;;modi also announced an assistance of rs 1,000 crore for odisha and ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh for the families of the deceased and rs 50,000 for those injured during the cyclone.
;;0.6808;;modi, who arrived in wuhan on friday, said cooperation between the two countries is essential to maintain peace and stability around the world and offered to host the next informal summit between leaders of the two asian giants, an invitation xi accepted.
;;0.0;;the leaders took a boat ride on the lake, one that modi said was  memorable.
;;0.2263;;last week, prime minister modi had said both ice-fitted automobiles and evs cab can co-exist, raising hope for some relief to automobile companies grappling with the crisis in the sector amid a slowdown in the economy.
;;0.0;;at a rally in uttar pradeshs pratapgarh on saturday, modi had said that the sp was going soft on the congress.
;;-0.34;;now, behenji has realized their ploy and openly criticizes the congress, modi had said.
;;0.0772;;leaders of that party are now scared of contesting from constituencies dominated by the majority (hindu) population it is evident from the fact that one has to contest a seat where the minority is majority, the pm modi said, according to the complaint filed by the congress party.
;;0.2732;;in his periodic review of infrastructure sector on tuesday, modi asked niti aayog to examine global standards in the application of technology for infrastructure creation, and their feasibility in india.
;;0.6705;;while reviewing the national optical fibre network, modi said the emerging digital connectivity network, which will connect thousands of gram-panchayats within the next few months, should be backed up by appropriate governance steps, so that it can lead to better quality of life and greater empowerment of people in the rural areas.
;;0.0;;noting the decline in coal imports in the last year, modi asked for even more vigorous efforts towards coal import substitution, and application of new coal technologies including gasification technology.
;;-0.1531;;so many election analysts, journalists, and political scientists failed to predict the massive mandate that prime minister modi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) claimed in the 2019 general election.
;;-0.1779;;president trump responded with an offer to mediate, falsely claiming, that prime minister modi asked him to, which was swiftly denied by india.
;;-0.25;;pm modi had said in his thursdays independence day speech that if left unaddressed, the growing population could pose problems for future generations.
;;-0.4416;;in an interview aired on saturday, modi had said, the weather was not good on the day of air strike.
;;-0.296;;modi said, if a village receives funds for a graveyard, then it should also get money for cremation ground.
;;0.4019;;(modi says he has no personal interest and was prepared to lift his bag and go away.
;;-0.296;;no development has taken place in bundelkhand since independence, modi told an election rally in orai area here.
;;0.0;;modi said he held wide-ranging talks with erdenebat during their interaction on the sidelines of the spief.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced the pm crop insurance scheme, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, in 2015.
;;0.4019;;: rahul gandhiat an election rally at ramlila grounds here on wednesday, modi claimed the former pm used the carrier as a personal taxi during a 10-day holiday and his in-laws were with him.
;;0.0;;modi said, the ship was on duty but was diverted to pick up the gandhis.
;;0.4019;;i rank everyone according to all this and then decide the ministers, modi said at the bjps parliamentary party meeting.
;;0.9231;;modi also said this was a bit like winning an election with a margin of 2-3 lakh and then realising your best friend hasnt voted for you?
;;0.3818;;the benefits of this satellite will go a long way in meeting the developmental needs of the countries participating in this project, modi said in his mann ki baat.
;;-0.0772;;but to save their seats they were hatching a conspiracy to divide the people, modi said.
;;0.3818;;in a way, it will become a new engine for indias growth, modi said in gogamukh, more than 500 km from guwahati.
;;0.0;;thats the reason why the region is in focus of our development initiatives, modi said after inaugurating the bridge at dhola.
;;-0.0516;;addressing a public rally in guwahati, modi said farmers were crucial to his vision of a new india where no area will remain undeveloped.
;;0.3818;;several measures taken by the government, modi said, have helped the right people get the benefits of pro-poor schemes.
;;0.0;;even deputy chief minister modi had said in the house the other day that in his political career of 30 years, he had not come across an opposition leader who remained absent for such a long period.
;;0.2481;;modi earlier said the chandrayaan-2 mission was indian at heart, indian in spirit!
;;0.5267;;prime minister modi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
;;-0.1531;;they ask for votes in the name of their ancestors, but when questioned on their (ancestors) misdeeds, they say hua to hua, modi said at a rally in bathinda.
;;-0.5106;;the statement exposes the insensitivity of the congress and traditions it follows, said modi.
;;-0.743;;in a tweet sunday morning, modi said there is no place for such violence in our country.
;;0.2732;;chowkidar modi (@narendramodi) may 5, 2019bjp leaders said that mir had been threatened several times but despite that the government withdrew his security recently.
;;0.4019;;the trinamool complained about bjp candidates allegedly breaking the model code of conduct and about the saffron party indulging in horse trading, after prime minister modi said 40 lawmakers of the regional party were in touch with him.
;;-0.8968;;indiaupdated: aug 20, 2019 08:41 istagainst the backdrop of the pakistani leaderships belligerent claims that indias change of the status of jammu and kashmir could lead to war, prime minister modi told us president donald trump on monday that extreme rhetoric and incitement to anti-india violence wasnt conducive to peace.
;;0.5106;;modi said he appreciated remaining in regular touch with trump.
;;-0.0191;;modi told the chinese president that it would not have been possible for india to become member of sco without china's backing.
;;-0.6705;;prime minister modi announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh for the next of kin of each of those killed.
;;0.4215;;without naming akash, pm modi told a meeting of bjp mps on tuesday that action should be taken against party leaders who behave like this, no matter whose son he is.
;;-0.25;;the poll bodys clean chit came on a complaint by the karnataka unit of the congress that had alleged that on the day of his rally april 9 rally in chitradurga, pm modi had asked first-time voters to dedicate their vote to the air force for carrying out the air strikes at balakot.
;;-0.2732;;however, as modi had said the emotive issue should not be politicised, the clerics shifted their focus to the impending legal battle maintaining that courts cannot scrutinise the muslim personal law as they follow the koran.
;;0.0;;ahead of his departure, modi told the media his meeting xi jinping will review the developments in india-china relations from a strategic and long-term perspective.
;;0.2263;;ill be happy, if in 2019, we can have such informal summit in india, says pm modi.
;;0.2263;;ill be happy, if in 2019, we can have such informal summit in india, says pm modi in wuhan.
;;0.4215;;to work together towards this is a big opportunity for us, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/reifk93qtk  ani (@ani) april 27, 20182:10pm: culture of both india and china is based along the river banks; if we talk about mohenjo daro and harappa civilizations in india, all the development happened along river banks, says pm modi according to ani.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on tuesday said he held fruitful talks with visiting nepal president bidhya devi bhandari.
;;-0.3818;;speaking in a public rally in goa, a few days after announcing demonetisation on 8 november, 2016, prime minister modi had asked for 50 days from the people of india for note-ban related hardships to endit has been 100 days since modi announced the scrapping of 86  of indias currency in circulation.
;;0.0;;talking about tourism in india, pm modi said, india has much to offer.
;;0.4019;;the decision on demonetisation is a movement to clean india, modi told lawmakers.
;;0.5719;;but modi said he was championing their cause.
;;0.0;;we are initiating several steps to uplift them, says modi.
;;0.0772;;that is how i felt when i saw the number of people attending parliament, pm modi said.
;;0.0;;but pm modi told mps at tuesdays meeting that he did take the attendance and contribution of mps in parliament into account to decide who to induct into his council of ministers.
;;0.0;;pm modi said he had ranked all mps on this parameter to identify who to induct.
;;-0.7003;;prime minister modi told nda allies on monday night that there were no differences between them, though some of the partners made discordant noises over issues such as the ban on beef and liquor shops.
;;-0.4767;;pm modi said, these people sat on google and some even said it was an attack on bagalkot (karnataka) and not balakot (khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan).
;;0.1655;;the truth is that the congress and jd-s dont think about the nation but only about their vote bank, said pm modi.
;;-0.6971;;at his bagalkot rally, pm modi said the previous government under the congress did not take decisive action against terrorists as it was a majboor (weak) regime.
;;0.8074;;pm modi said he was happy to see a positive response to his previous request --to inculcate a habit of reading books-- made to all his listeners.
;;0.0516;;describing the projects as ambitious and expensive, modi had said there would be no dearth of funds to ensure that they were completed in a time-bound manner.
;;-0.6668;;modi said that he had offered to reconstruct the areas surrounding the temple but the then upa government mounted pressure on the then congress-led state government not to agree to my request.
;;0.4019;;we implemented it after coming to power and several ex-servicemen have benefitted, says modi.
;;0.765;;45 pm: it is a delight that several households in the rural areas have been benefitted through the ujjwala yojana, says modi.
;;0.3167;;our government has brought the most comprehensive fasal bima yojana for the farmers, says modi.
;;-0.4767;;those who have looted the poor, will not be spared, says modi in shimla.
;;0.1901;;but whichever facilities the rich have, poor also must have access to them, says modi.
;;0.4215;;pakistan is yet to take concrete action on indias concerns and create an atmosphere free of terrorism, which is necessary to facilitate any possible engagement between the two sides, prime minister modi said on thursday.
;;0.4939;;modi also told xi that india has a consistent position on pakistan, which includes discussing all issues through a bilateral mechanism and looking for peaceful settlement through negotiation, gokhale said.
;;0.34;;modi also said it was important to tackle the trade deficit with china and appreciated the simplification of regulatory procedures by the chinese side, especially for non-basmati rice, sugar, agricultural products and pharmaceuticals.
;;0.0;;modi told putin business delegations and representatives of key indian states will visit russias resource-rich far east before his visit to work on potential areas of cooperation as part of indias act east policy.
;;-0.6808;;prime minister modi announced the demonetisation on november 8, a decision that sucked out 86  of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and atms for cash.
;;0.0;;a new chapter of serving the 130 crore people of the country has opened for us, modi said.
;;0.4019;;we are moving ahead with that determination towards making this a reality, modi said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced that the loan would be waived in the first meeting of state cabinet.
;;0.4019;;attending parliament is your basic responsibility  i cannot be present on your behalf, modi said at the weekly meeting of the bjp parliamentary party on tuesday.
;;0.0;;i can call any of you any time, modi said, reprising that mps should not be requested to perform their basic responsibility of attending parliament sessions.
;;0.0;;likewise, mps too seemed to have so much of work that they do not have time to attend parliament, which should not be the case, modi said.
;;0.6705;;president donald trump does not make up things, a top presidential advisor said on tuesday when asked about a question on his stunning claim that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, remarks which has been strongly refuted by india.
;;-0.6369;;his claim that pm modi asked him to mediate the kashmir conflict denied categorically by delhi.
;;0.0;;trump, who is known to make inaccurate statements, claimed that prime minister modi asked him to mediate on kashmir when they met in osaka, japan on the sidelines of the g20 summit last month.
;;-0.1027;;bhedbhaav nahin hona chahiye (there should be no discrimination), modi said, apparently playing the hindutva card.
;;0.3537;;the nda team in bihar is more capable than me and they often said i need not bother about bihar, but being a karyakarta, i have to slog as other bjp workers do, even in the hot weather, pm modi said.
;;-0.765;;modi said if the opposition had any concerns for the poor and needy, their hands would have trembled before resorting to corrupt means.
;;0.34;;hey are still on the lookout for another opportunity to plunder bihars wealth, but the people have become smart and can read their design, modi said, in a veiled attack on the rjd government of the past.
;;0.6808;;modi also said that the party that did politics in the name of caste to amass huge wealth fooled its own caste members.
;;0.0;;, modi said those who identified themselves with the cattle-rearing class never found time to think about their welfare.
;;0.4588;;on new years eve, modi had announced interest subvention for building residential houses in rural areas while increasing the target of building rural houses by 33 .
;;0.5267;;modi said he and trump agreed to work closely in the coming days to further strengthen indo-us bilateral ties4.
;;0.6369;;pm modi said he had decided to speak about the various descriptors that had been used for him to unmask the veil of love that was being spoken about by congress leaders.
;;0.7717;;this is the truth of congresss dictionary of love, pm modi said, a clear rebuttal to rahul gandhi who frequently accuses pm modi of spreading hatred and presents himself who has only love in his heart.
;;0.0056;;they have spread so many lies about me, pm modi said asking people to circulate the video of his speech to their relatives and friends throughout the country.
;;0.0;;at the bhadohi rally, modi said, when bua [mayawati] and babua [sp chief akhilesh yadav] were arch-rivals, then the chief minister [mayawati] had named a district as sant ravidas nagar.
;;0.0;;at the inauguration, modi had said that the institute would be made functional by 2020.
;;0.34;;they are claiming modi never said anything about giving 15 lakh in the accounts of citizens amit shah and nitin gadkari have already said the statement was a jumla.
;;0.4767;;modi said: if you create kabristaan (graveyard) in a village, then a shamshaan (cremation ground) should be created.
;;0.4767;;in his address on friday, pm modi said, i think there are people in the congress who play video games at any age and probably enjoy surgical strikes on video games.
;;-0.7579;;saying that initially the congress had claimed that they had carried out three surgical strikes and then claimed six surgical strikes, pm modi said, soon they will claim that they carried out surgical strikes every day, during their tenure.
;;-0.4754;;in a tweet on sunday, prime minister modi said he was extremely pained by the incident.
;;0.8625;;the summit will provide an important opportunity to reiterate and reinforce our strong support to reformed multilateralism, which is crucial for preserving rule-based international order in todays fast-changing world, modi said.
;;0.6908;;bilateral meetingson the sidelines, modi said, he looks forward to engaging with leaders of our major partner countries on important issues of bilateral and global importance.
;;0.0;;the government is not an elected contractor but think what you can contribute for the country, prime minister modi said on thursday.
;;0.2732;;modi asked if corporate india can develop an online platform that helps the youth to know which skill is in demand in which country.
;;0.0;;democracy is the journey of bhagidari, modi said.
;;0.3291;;-pm modi says he is happy that non-resident indians are not only serving the countries they are in but also contributing immensely to india-laxmikutty is a teacher in keralas kallar and still resides in a hut made of palm leaves in a tribal tract amidst dense forests.
;;0.8442;;-modi says mission clean morna river is a wonderful initiative, where people came together to clean the river.
;;0.5574;;-modi says indias nari shakti has contributed a lot in the positive transformation being witnessed in our country and society.
;;0.4404;;-modi says social media is talking about the team of border security forces (bsf) women personnel who presented a spectacular display of their power by performing daredevil stunts on motorcycles during the republic day parade.
;;0.0;;-modi says the president met women achievers, who distinguished themselves in various fields.
;;0.4939;;-kalpana chawla inspired all of us, says pm modi.
;;-0.5994;;-pm modi says a citizen prakash tripathi wrote on the nm app: 1st february is the death anniversary of kalpana chawla.
;;0.0;;schools, colleges, municipalities, urban bodies, gram panchayats can collect single use plastic bags from their areas and on october 2 we can take up the task of phasing out use of single use plastic bags in a big way, modi said.
;;0.0;;cloth bags can be given out as diwali gifts too, modi said.
;;0.743;;karnatakas voters have to choose between the bharatiya janata party (bjp) that works for progress and the congress that has only the name of its top leadership, said prime minister modi on tuesday.
;;-0.2732;;modi said manmohan singh and sonia gandhi had failed in their promise of electrifying the entire country by 2009 when the congress governed the country, but now were questioning his governments achievement.
;;0.9571;;following talks with the chinese premier, modi had said that both sides can work on improving bilateral relations by focusing on a shared vision, strong relationship, shared resolve, better communication and shared thought process.
;;0.0;;there is need of social awareness, modi said in his speech.
;;0.9118;;talking about the wealth creators, modi said that wealth creation was a great national service.
;;-0.6369;;regarding the elimination of single use plastics, modi said single-use plastic poses grave threat to the environment, adding that a significant step must come out by october 2.
;;0.4019;;that is the reason why modi has asked bharatiya janata party mps to organise a 150-km long foot march in their constituencies, from gandhi jayanti (october 2) to patel jayanti (october 31).
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi said he addressed the session where he highlighted indias large scale efforts towards eliminating single use plastic, conserving water, harnessing solar energy and, protecting flora and fauna for a sustainable future.
;;0.0;;in his address to the indian community at the unesco headquarters in paris last week, modi said india will achieve most of the cop 21 climate change goals set for 2030 in the next one and half years.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 23:59 istindia and russia are opposed to external interference in the internal affairs of any country, prime minister modi said on wednesday as the two countries signed several energy deals to bolster bilateral economic ties.
;;0.0;;both of us are against external interference in the internal affairs of any country, modi said, speaking in hindi during a joint media interaction with putin.
;;0.0;;modi also said after the talks that indian astronauts will be trained in russia for the countrys first manned space flight.
;;0.2579;;if she has her way she will not allow the helicopter to land, modi said in uttar pradeshs mau, promising to replace the vandalised bust.
;;0.7269;;we are committed to vidyasagars vision and will install his grand statue at the same spot, modi said.
;;-0.6808;;the tmc and their goons have made bengal hell, modi said.
;;-0.4404;;in dum dum, modi said the lok sabha election will remain etched in memory for the attacks made on democracy and opposition workers in bengal.
;;-0.875;;prime minister modi on thursday said his government managed to contain terrorism to only two and a half districts in jammu and kashmir and that no bomb blast took place elsewhere in the country in last five years.
;;0.0;;addressing a poll rally at amreli in gujarat, modi also said that what he learnt in gujarat helped him during the long doklam standoff with china in 2017.
;;-0.128;;on pakistan prime minister imran khans statement of trying to approach india after the balakot air strike, modi said the leader had to make a public plea to us to pick up the phone.
;;0.3252;;modi also said that the tallest statue of sardar patel built in gujarat was not intended to disrespect late prime minister jawaharlal nehru.
;;0.0;;during its launch, modi said, it is not necessary to have the internet for this app.
;;0.0258;;in an interview to a private news channel aired on saturday, modi said he relied on his raw wisdom to dispel doubts of defence experts who wanted the air strikes to be deferred due to inclement weather.
;;-0.4416;;in the interview, modi had said: the weather was not good on the day of air strike.
;;0.0;;the ndmc in a meeting on friday passed the resolution a day after prime minister modi had announced the renaming at st petersburg while issuing a joint statement with russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.8074;;he was a great friend of india, modi had said.
;;0.6115;;prime minister modi said on monday he had a very good interaction with german chancellor angela merkel as he met the leader at her country retreat near berlin for informal talks.
;;-0.7184;;(ap photo)in an interview with the german newspaper, handelsblatt, modi said: europe has been hit hard by terrorism.
;;-0.5859;;pm modi had also announced that world-famous kalashnikov assault rifles of the new 200 series, a joint venture of indorussian rifles pvt ltd, would be manufactured in amethi.
;;0.4391;;in his press statement after holding talks with the crown prince, modi said he held very fruitful and productive discussions and that the talks particularly focused on implementation of various decisions taken during their last two meetings.
;;-0.296;;the bjp mp from unnao said, prime minister modi said a crematorium should be constructed next to a graveyard.
;;0.0;;analysts had projected a status quo on rates as banks are flush with cash with indians depositing old currency notes after prime minister modi announced on november 8 the historic decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 bank bills.
;;0.8173;;praising ramdev, modi said he was very happy the way the yoga guru was working to develop ayurved with modern techniques.
;;0.0;;now, i am back to my usual routine, said modi , who goes for regular walks in the morning.
;;0.0;;referring to extradition proceedings against nirav modi in the uk, pm modi said that everyone who looted the public money will be accounted for.
;;0.2263;;indiaupdated: aug 13, 2019 22:50 istprime minister modi said on tuesday that sushma swaraj as external affairs minister transformed her ministry from being bound to protocol to one oriented to peoples call and recalled she had urged him to deliver his first un speech from a prepared text and not speak impromptu.
;;0.0;;after she received him, he suggested that they sit together as he had to deliver his speech the next day, modi said.
;;0.0;;, modi said.
;;0.0;;remembering her, modi said the bjp leader also had a haryanvi touch as she put across her points forcefully if she believed she was right.
;;0.2732;;in his independence day speech, prime minister modi had said rs 100 lakh crore will be spent towards infrastructure creation in the country.
;;0.25;;on the lines of what prime minister modi has said in his punjab election rallies, shah, who was addressing a rally in support of bjp and sad assembly candidates and also bjps lok sabha bypoll candidate, rajinder mohan singh chhina, said, the election in punjab is an election for the security of the nation.
;;-0.5574;;pm modi said the nehru-gandhi family of the congress first targeted sardar patel and morarji desai before using all kinds of abuses at him.
;;0.4939;;the nehru-gandhi family is rattled seeing that this chaiwala has completed five years with full strength, said pm modi charging the congress of relegating sardar patel to oblivion and engineering the downfall of the morarji desai government in 1970s.
;;0.0;;they faced wrath of the congress because they belonged to gujarat, pm modi said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has asked all cabinet ministers to delegate more work to their juniors and involve them in decision-making.
;;0.2023;;at the event, modi had said that his endeavour is to bring a transformation in kashi, while keeping intact its traditions and preserving its age-old heritage.
;;0.5994;;when a network of good roads is created then the economy of the country also picks the pace, prime minister modi said in august 2017 at a ceremony to lay the foundation stone for a national highway project in udaipur.
;;-0.4767;;pm modi had said that the target can be achieved with the concerted efforts of states and asking them to recognise their core competence and work towards raising their gross domestic product targets right from the district level.
;;0.0;;15pm: we aim to take 125 crore indians together in our efforts towards building a new india, says modi.
;;0.0;;we are ones who have always been working for people, says modi.
;;0.4404;;this is the foundation of a new india, says pm modi to supporters.
;;0.0258;;the strength of the poor and the aspirations of the middle class will take india to new heights, says modi.
;;0.0;;elections empower people to participate in nation-building, says modi.
;;0.0;;the outcomes of the visit will enhance bilateral ties, modi said just before his departure from bhutan.
;;0.1027;;at the summit, pm modi announced a up defence corridor along with another in tamil nadu.
;;0.1531;;last month, modi asked state-run banks to rescue jet airways without pushing it into bankruptcy, averting thousands of job losses.
;;0.2263;;also read: govt is hiding behind valour of armed forces: former prime minister manmohan singhin his address on friday, pm modi said, i think there are people in the congress who play video games at any age and probably enjoy surgical strikes on video games.
;;-0.7579;;saying that initially the congress had claimed that they had carried out three surgical strikes and then claimed six surgical strikes, pm modi said, soon they will claim that they carried out surgical strikes every day, during their tenure.
;;-0.34;;they have been demanding proof of the air strike, pm modi said.
;;-0.128;;i want to ask my first-time voters, can your first vote be dedicated to the soldiers who conducted the balakot air strikes, in the name of the martyrs who lost their lives in pulwama, modi had said.
;;-0.1901;;5:44 pm: pm modi says some youth are involved in pelting stones but others are busy in cutting stones (to make the tunnel) to build the future of kashmir valley.
;;0.9325;;twitter.com/fnnve9h5pp  radio news jammu (@rkrnujammu) april 2, 201712:50pm: i hope the dream of new india and the new generation can be successful: modi ends speech12:45pm: im happy to say our govt has simplified laws, abolished 1200, in less than five years: pm modi says, speaking about the benefits of digitisation.
;;0.122;;quoting dr radhakrishnan, modi says law strives to ensures justice for all, not just the rich.
;;0.4404;;modi says gandhi took the freedom struggle to the common man.
;;0.2023;;modi said someone had made an important declaration that i am going to the pm.
;;0.5667;;this is simply nothing but arrogance, modi said at an election rally in karnatakas bangarapet.
;;0.0;;big meetings are being organised to remove him as the prime minister, modi said, and wondered how the big leaders who attend these meetings will react to the sudden announcement by one naamdar that he is going to be pm.
;;0.0;;modi said.
;;-0.6486;;taking his attack on the gandhi family a notch further with a day left for the karnataka election campaign to end, modi said, he (rahul gandhi) feels that the prime ministers chair is reserved for one family and no one can sit on it.
;;0.0;;it is india first for the bjp, modi said, and family first for the congress.
;;-0.6124;;when tickets were sold, he said that congress will have to solve their money problem and also blamed the pwd (public works department) minister for deal-making, modi said.
;;-0.4767;;for them evm and ec are wrong and only congress is right, modi said.
;;-0.765;;on the seizure of thousands of alleged fake voter id cards and 100,000 form-6 applications (voter registration forms) for the inclusion and transfer of voters from an apartment in bengaluru, modi said, looking at defeat in front of them, as their tricks did not work, they have started a new game.
;;-0.936;;indiaupdated: sep 11, 2019 18:00 istterrorism has become a global threat and this ideology is deeply rooted and flourishing in pakistan, prime minister modi said today, recalling the horrific 9/11 twin tower terror attack in the us.
;;-0.8807;;stressing the india has taken some bold steps against terrorism in the past and will continue to do so in future, pm modi said: the whole world needs to take a pledge and stand up against those who give shelter and training to the terrorist.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi on wednesday claimed that congress has accepted its defeat and that the grand old party has already fielded two batsmen to defend the naamdar (rahul gandhi) from the blame.
;;-0.5423;;in a veiled attack on mani shankar aiyar and sam pitroda, modi said two batsmen were tasked by the party to take the responsibility for the poor poll show.
;;0.34;;modi said, due to vote bank, the congress is maintaining silence even on the issue of national security.
;;0.0;;congress ruled for so long in the country but it used tribal people as a vote bank, said modi.
;;0.2732;;modi said, i am committed for the development of this region which never happened in last 70 years.
;;0.0;;at the launch of the 2018 tiger census report, mr modi said two things.
;;0.0516;;interacting with party lawmakers on sunday, prime minister modi said, we make mistakes and give masala (fodder) to the media.
;;0.2023;;i have myself seen how a network to earn livelihood through a cow has been established there, modi said.
;;-0.6705;;this type of knowledge has only been used by people hell-bent on damaging the country and they have left no stone unturned to do so, modi said, without naming anyone.
;;0.0;;05pm: modi asks the crowd to turn on the flashlights on their phone and call for a swacch, sundar karnataka.
;;0.2732;;55pm: modi says his government is committed to welfare of disabled people.
;;0.0;;we decided we would bring electricity to 18,000 houses within 1000 days and we made it happen, says modi.
;;0.25;;41pm: congress lacks a forward looking vision for the development of karnataka, says modi.
;;0.2023;;35pm: modi says his government has accorded top priority to next-generation infrastructure and was the first to formulate and aviation policy.
;;0.5719;;but in the last three-four years, india has strengthened its economy and contributed to stabilising world economy too, modi says.
;;0.0;;27pm: modi says bengaluru metropolitan area will be expanded to more places and that resources will be allocated for the re-development of the citys lakes.
;;0.9673;;26pm: modi says bjp promises greater prosperity for farmers, better education, skill development, better opportunities for youth, more industrial development, a positive eco-system for industrial growth, end to politics of dividing society and a safer state for women.
;;-0.5267;;20pm: modi says that the five aspects of congress rule are dynasty politics, corruption , rampant lawlessness, agrarian distress and division of society.
;;-0.2732;;16pm: karnataka cm carries his character certificate in his briefcase and as soon as charges are levelled, he issues a character certificate, modi says.
;;-0.7845;;10pm: modi says, the people of bengaluru must know whose name came up in the unfortunate death of a police officer here.
;;-0.4019;;08pm: modi asks why cm siddaramaiah dislikes bengaluru.
;;0.0;;48pm: the government will set up gramin haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces, says modi.
;;0.2732;;we are committed to serve people and would continue to do so, asks modi at the rally.
;;0.0;;we are connecting distant places through airways, says pm modi.
;;-0.4939;;13pm: modi says after coming to power in karnataka, the shameful congress even did not spare schoolchildren.
;;0.5106;;40pm: 10 lakh families got free gas connection after we came to power at the centre, says modi.
;;0.6597;;31pm: modi says saints, seers and mutts have played a key role in making the society of karnataka progressive and harmonious.
;;-0.3182;;all they are bothered about is their votes, says modi.
;;-0.5267;;13pm: modi says the people of karnataka have decided to punish the congress in the elections.
;;0.0772;;secondly, i want to tell the people of this country that the way the citizens of odisha and the fishermen and women followed the governments instructions was commendable, modi said.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi also announced immediate assistance of rs 1000 crore for relief and restoration work in the areas affected by cyclone fani.
;;-0.743;;apart from the rs 1,000 crore assistance for odisha, modi also announced ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh for the next of the kin of those who died and rs 50,000 for the injured.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi on monday said the mission mahamilavat of the opposition is keen to form a khichdi government at the centre, the strings of which will remain in the hands of the congress.
;;0.4019;;the congress rallied behind some parties, resulting in change of governments and prime ministers every two-three years, modi said.
;;-0.1419;;editorialsupdated: sep 01, 2019 18:02 istaddressing a malayalam manorama media conclave on friday, prime minister modi said that people do not need to agree on everything, but there must be civility in public life for differing streams to be able to hear each others point of view.
;;0.4019;;leading by example is clearly overrated, gandhi said on twitter, after modi told bureaucrats on friday not to use social media for self-promotion or spend too much time online.
;;0.0;;also read | india rebuts trump on claim that pm modi asked him to mediate on kashmiri was with prime minister modi two weeks ago and we talked about this subject (kashmir).
;;0.0;;(modi said) kashmir, trump said during his talks with khan, their first since the latter came to power in august, 2018.
;;0.4926;;so when mr modi says something nasty about me or my family, i have a good laugh about it!
;;0.0;;cpi(m) state secretary modi has already said that it would be a referendum on the 11-month-old pinarayi government.
;;0.8689;;according to the mp, pm modi asked: what valour did the person in the video [akash vijayvargia] show to deserve such a great welcome from party workers?
;;-0.8573;;but in the last 40 years, not a single bullet has been fired because of border dispute, modi said.
;;0.3089;;during the meeting in st petersburg, modi said the world had become inter-connected and inter-dependent, a transformation that makes it necessary for india and china to cooperate in trade and investments despite the border dispute.
;;-0.5267;;pakistan must walk away from terror if it wants to walk towards dialogue with india, modi said at the opening session on tuesday.
;;-0.5423;;from computer city, it had become crime city, and from a start-up hub, it had changed to a pothole club, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said the city of lakes had been turned into a city of burning lakes.
;;-0.6369;;just two days after he accused cm siddaramaiah of having disrespected former prime minister deve gowda, modi said all pre-poll surveys and pundits had already predicted that the janata dal (secular)would finish a distant third in the polls.
;;-0.8074;;earlier in the day, addressing a rally in ballari city, where bharatiya janata party (bjp) candidate g somashekhara reddy was present, modi said the congress had maligned the district internationally as a land of thieves and robbers, calling it a conspiracy and an insult to the people.
;;-0.7717;;this is an insult to ballari, and every citizen here must punish those trying to discredit you, modi said.
;;-0.4939;;referring to the congresss decision to give a ticket to g janardhana reddys former aide anand singh from the vijayanagara constituency in the district, modi said the congress was fielding candidates who had been jailed.
;;-0.7964;;accusing the congress of having neglected the district, modi said even if the government spent some money on providing drinking water to the people, it would not have been in the dire straits it finds itself in now.
;;0.25;;modi said when the bjp got the chance, it had always proved itself to be secular.
;;0.4019;;after the signing of the six agreements, including an agreement between the two countries to cooperatively counter terrorism, modi said: in a lighter vein i am, of course, glad that our decisions are not subject to the drs review system.
;;-0.9136;;those who lynched a young muslim man in jharkhand deserve the severest punishment, prime minister modi said on wednesday, and added that violence in any part of the country should be condemned equally.
;;-0.8977;;pointing out that the distinction between good terror and bad terror had inflicted the most damage to the world, modi said that crimes, whether in jharkhand, west bengal or kerala, should be treated at par.
;;0.0258;;accusing the opposition of playing an obstructionist role, modi said, we know we dont have a majority here.
;;0.0;;turning to the chair, vice-president m venkaiah naidu, modi said, we need your protection because people of this country have given us a big responsibility to fulfil their aspirations.
;;-0.4019;;modi said he believed that had sardar vallabhbhai patel, the countrys first home minister and a congress leader, been indias first prime minister, there would not have been any problems in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;flagging his idea of one country, one poll, modi said that the country had witnessed many electoral reforms in its history, and the time had come to initiate a discussion on simultaneous polls.
;;0.0;;modi said the world acknowledges india on the basis of its population, gdp or employment rate, but it has neither known nor recognised india for its spirituality.
;;-0.0516;;addressing the bjp parliamentary party meeting, modi also asked rajya sabha members to visit constituencies where the bjp organisation was weak, reports news agency pti.
;;0.8807;;dismissing the congress as a vote cutter party, prime minister modi on saturday said the grand old party has now stooped to maligning his honesty and hard work.
;;0.0;;addressing a rally in pratapgarh on the last day of campaigning for the fifth phase of national elections, modi said till the first phase, congress leaders were looking at the prime ministers post.
;;0.0;;but after four phases of polling, they have themselves started confessing that they had been reduced to the status of vote cutter, modi said.
;;-0.4767;;i have never seen so many people gathering for a political cause in the month of may, said modi , in a choked voice.
;;0.2732;;dubbing congress president rahul gandhi as naamdar, modi said the congress president has accepted that his motive was to malign his image by harping on false issues.
;;0.09;;in basti, modi said the opposition parties were desperate to grab power but delhi will be far from their reach.
;;0.4019;;they will now vote on the basis of niyat and niti [policy and intention], said modi while seeking support for bjp candidates from basti, siddharthnagar and sant kabeernagar.
;;0.6597;;interestingly, even if prime minister modi had said yes when chief minister o panneerselvam had met him on thursday with a request for an ordinance, the political fruits would have been mostly reaped only by the aiadmk.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi and chief minister adityanath had said the decision would be taken at the first meeting of the state cabinet.
;;0.7003;;twitter.com/0vztis0euh  modi (@narendramodi) may 31, 2017with hours to go before the summit, indian officials told pti that last-minute talks are taking place to iron out details and language of the agreement on a line of credit for building unit 5 and 6 of the kundankulam nuclear power plant in tamil nadu.
;;0.8885;;last week, modi had said that asia and the world will have a better future when india and china work together with trust and confidence while being sensitive to each others interests.
;;0.0;;modi also said that an asia of rivalry will hold the region back while an asia of cooperation will shape the current century.
;;0.5106;;chinas appreciation of what modi said was conveyed by chinese foreign minister wang yi to external affairs minister sushma swaraj during a meeting held on the sidelines of the brics foreign ministers meeting in south africa this week.
;;0.8957;;prime minister modi has asked the countrys top police officers to focus on foot-patrolling to deal with crimes effectively and win the peoples confidence.
;;0.0;;modi said this at an annual conference of police chiefs, held between january 6 and 8 at tekanpur in madhya pradesh.
;;-0.1027;;bhedbhaav nahin hona chahiye (there should be no discrimination, modi told a rally in fatehpur, apparently playing the hindutva card in the politically crucial state.
;;0.0;;be it the navi mumbai airport, the mumbai trans harbour link or the mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train - there are so many examples, modi said.
;;-0.7096;;read: didi suffering from bjp-phobia, agli bar bangla, says amit shahprime minister modi has told the cbi not to spare the guilty in any investigation.
;;-0.2732;;prime minister modi said on last friday he will never be able to forgive thakur for insulting mahatma gandhi.
;;0.6124;;prime minister modi in his congratulatory tweet said, pranab da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
;;0.0;;on november 8 (when modi announced demonetisation) modiji told you that i am your pm and listen to my mann ki baat.
;;-0.2263;;modi said that repeated complaints against the evms clearly showed that the opposition has accepted defeat in 2019 elections.
;;0.8513;;modi said the alliance was doing excellent work in bihar and the need for changing the captain did not arise since the team nda was winning and not losing in bihar.
;;-0.0516;;please ignore the statement of sanjay paswan, nitish kumar is the leader of the nda in bihar, modi said at the summit.
;;-0.4767;;alcohol is served to visitors in several places but in bihar you cant enter the house drunk, modi said.
;;-0.6369;;sushil modi said implementing prohibition was a brave decision by nitish kumar government and that it had helped bihar by bringing down crime including those against women and incidents of domestic violence.
;;0.5267;;sushil modi said that he had received feedback that bjp will be able to meet its target of winning 65 out of 81 assembly seats in jharkhand when polls are held later this year.
;;-0.2023;;in a clear message amidst the chill in bilateral ties, prime minister modi on tuesday asked pakistan to walk away from terror if it wants to have dialogue with india.
;;0.802;;outlining his approach for an integrated neighbourhood, modi said his vision for countrys neighbourhood puts premium on peaceful and harmonious ties with entire south asia.
;;0.9186;;in the management of our relationship, and for peace and progress in the region, both our countries need to show sensitivity and respect for each others core concerns and interests, modi said, adding he and chinese president xi jinping have sought to tap the vast area of commercial and business opportunities in the relationship.
;;-0.4215;;read | highlights: at raisina dialogue, pm modi says pakistan should take the path of peacebut, rising ambition and festering rivalries are generating visible stress points.
;;0.0;;guwahati/new delhi: addressing an election rally in silchar in southern assam, prime minister modi on thursday said the mood in the country can be guessed by the crowds in his rallies.
;;0.2732;;we are committed to bring citizenship (amendment) bill after consultations with all sections; it will be amended in way so as not to impact assamese people, modi said.
;;0.7506;;congress conspired to create a vote bank of infiltrators to ensure that the party continues in power in assam, modi said.
;;0.0;;at a rally in ghaziabad on february 8, prime minister modi said: goons have been sheltered that is why women feel unsafe in the state.
;;-0.5719;;this is because the criminals are sheltered by your leaders, modi said, targeting chief minister akhilesh yadav.
;;0.3612;;addressing a rally in ausa in mahrashtras latur, modi said, can your first vote be dedicated to those who carried out the air strike.
;;0.4588;;can your first vote be dedicated to the veer shaheed (brave martyrs) of pulwama (terror attack), modi said.
;;0.0;;in a rally, modi said that kam nahin karname bolte hain (misdeeds speak for them).
;;-0.7579;;opponents were branded as gadha (donkey), bhains (buffalo), kabootar (pigeon), magarmachh (crocodile), machhli (fish), sher (lion) and chooha (rat)funeral and festival: pm modi claimed that the current state government had favoured muslim kabristaan (graveyards) over hindu shamshaan (cremation grounds), and ramzan over diwaliheinous crime: four candidates faced charges of heinous crimes, including sp leader gayatri prasad prajapati and the bsp candidate from ayodhya, bazi siddiqui  both of whom were accused of gang rape.
;;0.4019;;the party president is everything for us, modi said.
;;0.5859;;in his remarks, modi said,the election has been amazing (shandar).
;;0.4404;;modi said india should impress the world with its diversity and democracy.
;;0.6486;;modi said work to fulfil promises made in bjps manifesto will be started as soon as the party comes to power.
;;0.0;;pm modi told me everything about kashmir and the situation in j&k.
;;0.0;;earlier, pm modi said the visit will add to the ground covered during previous interactions with the french leadership.
;;-0.743;;asserting that he will not rest till those who looted the country paid back, prime minister modi on sunday asked the voters in uttarakhand to give exemplary punishment in the polls to people who ruined their future.
;;0.0;;it is time everyone gives an account now, modi told his last poll rally in pithoragarh ahead of the february 15 election.
;;-0.0202;;modi asked the people to take a pledge to hand down exemplary punishment in the polls to those who played with their future so that no future government dares to do so.
;;-0.4585;;attacking congress for sleeping over the one-rank one- pension (orop) issue for 40 long years, modi said, did they not insult the armed forces by ignoring the soldiers claims for so long.
;;0.5859;;modi had told a rally at bankura earlier in the day that banerjee had said she would slap him, which would actually be a blessing for him.
;;0.1027;;addressing an election rally at gohpur in assam, pm modi said, the opposition is scared of the chowkidar people trust.
;;0.4215;;pm modi said the congress serves only one family and is not concerned about the progress of the country.
;;0.5719;;the congress has run such governments that gave a great country like india an identity of a weak nation, said modi at a public rally in assams moran.
;;-0.8625;;pm modi said it was the first time that india entered the homes of terrorists and killed them.
;;-0.8689;;those on bail abuse chowkidarat his public rally in arunachal pradeshs aalo, pm modi renewed his attack on the congress leadership making indirect reference to cases against congress leaders including party president rahul gandhi and upa chairperson sonia gandhi, modi said they abuse chowkidar despite being out on bail.
;;0.4215;;they cared more for malai (cream) for themselves than bhalai (welfare) of people, modi said.
;;-0.7717;;they speak the same language as terrorists, pm modi said adding, no one is bothered about them in the country, they are being hailed in pakistan.
;;-0.3612;;last month, prime minister modi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings, post demonetisation.
;;0.0;;the villages should have a power connection, lpg gas supply, the children should receive vaccinations, the villagers should be able to fill up forms digitally, modi said during the universitys convocation programme.
;;-0.0772;;modi also said he was sorry to know about the non-availability of drinking water in santiniketan.
;;0.0516;;as the chancellor, i tender my apology, modi said at the beginning of his speech.
;;0.0;;it is a rare occasion where the prime ministers of two countries are present at the convocation programme of a university, said modi.
;;0.0;;modi also said that tagores elder brother satyendranath tagore, the first indian to become an indian civil service officer, taught the poet english literature in ahmedabad.
;;0.7003;;best wishes for her future endeavours, modi said in another tweet.
;;0.91;;for connectivity initiatives and for success and approval of the projects, sovereignty and regional integrity must be respected while inclusivity and sustainability are essential, modi said.
;;0.5574;;they have raised issues about the reserve bank of india, evms, the supreme court, election commission etc, says pm modi referring to the family that ruled for 70 years.
;;-0.6808;;they always act as obstacles in the path of development: modi says attacking the opposition during the inauguration ceremony.
;;0.4019;;we have made special courts to tackle cases of atrocities against the dalits, says pm modi citing br ambedkar.
;;0.4939;;on the other hand, we have provided optical fibre connectivity in more than 1 lakh panchayats, says modi targeting the opposition congress.
;;0.0;;27 km highways being built everyday as compared to 12 km previously, says pm modi after dedicating to the nation eastern peripheral expressway.
;;-0.34;;modi said he is looking forward to presenting indias achievements in providing healthcare for the needy through many initiatives, including the ayushman bharat programme at the un event on universal health coverage.
;;0.9081;;the us is a vital partner for our national development, with rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation, and an enabler for india in economic growth and national security, modi said.
;;0.7717;;modi said he was honoured by the decision of the bill and melinda gates foundation to confer the global goalkeepers goals award 2019 upon him.
;;0.0;;pm modi said.
;;0.0;;urging the people of the southern state to vote for the bjp as an alternative pm modi said, we believe in sab ka saath sab ka vikas.
;;0.0;;(pti)recalling how on november 8, 2016, prime minister modi told the countrys 1.
;;-0.296;;in a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear grylls, modi said.
;;0.7269;;during their meeting on the sidelines of paris climate summit in 2015, modi had told netanyahu: i am happy that often we can talk easily on telephone, we can discuss everything.
;;0.2732;;pm modi modi said fitness has been an integral part of our culture.
;;0.0;;in the run-up to the state elections in 2015, prime minister modi had announced rs 1.
;;0.5106;;in a fresh attack on the congress, prime minister modi on saturday said that the party and its allies are contesting the lok sabha elections to give free hand to the terrorists and separatists.
;;-0.8885;;pm modi said the bjp is in the fray to punish terrorists and separatists for their sins.
;;0.4404;;the dynast of the congress ran away to find a safe seat, said pm modi.
;;-0.765;;earlier, pm modi had said that gandhi decided to contest from a seat where majority is in minority as he feared backlash over coining of hindu terror by the previous congress-led government.
;;0.3252;;in an election rally in gujarat , prime minister modi on thursday said sardar vallabhbhai patels statue in gujarat was not intended to disrespect former prime minister jawaharlal nehru.
;;0.796;;my visit has led to very positive outcomes in terms of furthering the close ties india and germany enjoy, modi said in his goodbye message as he left for spain on the second leg of his four-nation tour which will then cover russia and end in france.
;;0.0;;india and germany have both in our blood and we will move together in that direction, modi said at the conclusion of the igc, a format he likened to the pragati meeting he holds in delhi.
;;-0.4588;;pm modi said the congresss election manifesto has promises that suit pakistans position on jammu and kashmir and terrorism.
;;0.5106;;pakistan wants the same, pm modi said adding, can you trust such a congress?
;;0.5574;;the first-time-voters must vote in the name of the nation, pm modi said in latur, where he showered lavish praise on bal thackeray, the late chief of the shiv sena.
;;0.0;;i have set a target to reduce import dependence by 10  by 2022, prime minister modi told the petrotech conference in new delhi last month.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister modi said the congress had made a leader accused in the 1984 riots the chief minister of a state after winning the assembly elections last year instead of ensuring that he was punished.
;;0.8481;;asking the people of haryana to bring the bjp back to power with a strong mandate, pm modi said that it was because a strong government had been voted to power in 2014, that the country was safe and secure and terrorism had been effectively dealt with.
;;0.0;;in his first meeting with the chinese leader in eight months, modi told xi the two countries needed to properly deal with sensitive issues.
;;0.8658;;modi said the two countries enjoyed friendship and steady development of bilateral relationship would be conducive to peace and stability of the whole world, hua said.
;;0.0;;a few decades back, a normal person would walk 8-10km in a day, do cycling or run, modi said.
;;0.8442;;today is also the day to congratulate our young players, who are constantly giving new glory to the tricolour on the world stage, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said we will give rs 15 lakh in every bank account (by bringing back black money stashed away abroad), but didnt even deposit rs 5.
;;-0.5267;;pointing out that 70 days have passed since prime minister modi announced the scrapping of high-denomination currency notes on november 8, surjewala said, failure to restore the cash supply has paralysed indias economy, leading to massive loss of jobs and closure of businesses on a daily basis.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi on thursday announced that a street in delhi has been named after russias former ambassador to india alexander kadakin, a friend of india, who passed away recently.
;;0.91;;hailing ambassador kadakin and his contribution to the india-russia ties, modi said the late diplomat was a glorious son of russia and a great friend of india.
;;0.0;;a street in delhi has been named after ambassador kadakin, modi said addressing a joint press event with russian president vladimir putin.
;;-0.6486;;she revealed that after garmin employee kuchibhotla was shot dead by a former us soldier in kansas, prime minister modi asked her every day what mea (ministry of external affairs) is doing and what it plans to do in future.
;;0.25;;it accurately highlighted the monumental injustices of the past and coherently presented our vision for the sisters and brothers of j&k, prime minister modi said in a tweet.
;;-0.8462;;prime minister modi on wednesday said the lynching of a young man by a mob in jharkhand had pained him but said it was unfair to blame the entire state for it.
;;-0.6597;;modi said irrespective of whether such a killing takes place in jharkhand or kerala or west bengal, the country should have a common stand.
;;-0.0516;;all connectivity, mr modi said, will have to be built on bridges of trust and respect for sovereignty without placing nations under an impossible debt burden  again, a clear nod to bri that india has opposed and has brought with it a debt trap for several countries, including some of indias neighbours.
;;0.4939;;modi, while addressing a gathering at baramati in 2015, had said that pawar held his hand and taught him to walk in his early days in gujarat.
;;-0.4588;;q: prime minister modi said you have allied with a party that tried to kill your father in 1984.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister modi said that pitrodas comment showed congresss arrogance and character.
;;0.7698;;do you know who this leader is, he is very close to the gandhi family this leader was a very good friend of rajiv gandhi and guru of congress naamdar (dynast) president, modi said at a rally in rohtak on friday.
;;0.3182;;the foreign direct investment (fdi) has seen a huge jump from usd 34,487 billion to usd 61,724 billion since 2013, prime minister modi said on wednesday.
;;-0.3818;;corruption, nepotism and high handedness of authorities had demoralized industry, modi said.
;;0.25;;noting that the guiding tenet of his government is reform to transform, modi said the reform agenda is comprehensive and inclusive, covering all sections of society, all regions of india and all aspects needing attention.
;;0.0;;they came together and all including the congress started speaking the same language, modi said.
;;-0.743;;modi said bjp's fight is against scam meaning 'ghotale'.
;;-0.1027;;since november 8, when prime minister modi announced the invalidation of high-value currency notes, and their replacement with new ones, with assorted (and ever-changing) conditionalities and constraints, they have been hard at work, sometimes even over weekends.
;;-0.9231;;in a veiled attack on pakistan, prime minister modi on friday said that countries sponsoring, aiding and funding terrorism must be held accountable as he called for a global conference to combat the menace.
;;-0.9274;;watch | countries sponsoring terror must be held accountable: pm modis subtle jibe at pakto combat the menace of terrorism, countries will have to come out of their narrow purview to unite against it, modi said in the presence of his pakistani counterpart imran khan.
;;0.34;;literature and culture provide our societies a positive activity, specially they stop the spread of radicalisation among the youths in our society, modi said.
;;0.0258;;sending out a clear message to pakistan, prime minister modi on saturday said victory in the kargil war was a symbol of indias might and its security will remain impregnable with dedication of the armed forces.
;;0.4588;;kargil victory was symbol of indias might, determination and capability, modi said, in presence of a large number of military personnel and ex-servicemen at the event here.
;;-0.8462;;modi said pakistan tried to redraw the boundaries in 1999 through the kargil misadventure but the indian security forces defeated its evil design.
;;0.34;;modi said the nations security has been impregnable and it will remain so.
;;0.0;;picture abhi baki hai (film is yet to come), modi said addressing agathering.
;;0.7579;;last year, modi announced a $500 million credit line to vietnam to buy defence equipment, on top of a $100 million given previously to help it buy patrol boats.
;;0.4404;;calling discharge of civic duties as a good beginning to the new india, modi said, all these things are not necessarily achieved through the budget, government projects, or government money.
;;0.0;;modi said people had been writing to him, expressing concern over wastage of food.
;;-0.25;;ahead of the world health day on april 7, modi asked people to speak up and seek help for depression.
;;-0.5719;;the first mantra is the expression of depression instead of its suppression, modi said.
;;0.4767;;modi asked the boys and girls from schools and colleges if they made friends and have learnt a lot from each other.
;;-0.0108;;watch| chandrayaan 2: dont lose heart, says pm modi after vikram lander loses contact during descentthe indian space research organisation (isro) invited the students to witness vikram landing and its rover pragyan rolling out of it and stroll on the lunar surface near the south pole.
;;0.1779;;study well, work hard and have self-confidence to achieve anything in life, modi told the students during the brief interaction.
;;-0.4404;;he also maintained that modi had asked him to mediate, which was denied by india.
;;0.3612;;calling amethi a most backward district, modi had said he would turn around amethi in next 60 months in such a way that the lok sabha seat would be fit model for a case study.
;;0.8002;;i congratulate the jharkhand chief minister for conceptualising to form the special india reserve (primitive tribe) battalion for which he had to frame special rules relaxing the norms for the primitive tribes, modi said adding that the youth of these community had been ignored for long and were never given an opportunity to work.
;;-0.6908;;criticising akhilesh yadav for the poll alliance with the congress, modi said the uttar pradesh chief minister had joined hands with the party that had once plotted to kill his father mulayam singh, repeating a charge made by the sp patriarch in 1984.
;;0.0;;i have not taken any vacation and (i) work day and night, modi said.
;;0.0;;its the law on black money, modi said in bhopal.
;;-0.5719;;february 4, 2017: at a poll rally in uttar pradeshs meerut, modi asked the people to rid the state of scam  samajwadi (party), congress, akhilesh (yadav) and mayawati.
;;0.0;;so, finally, the earthquake has come, modi said in the lok sabha, referring to the tremors felt in delhi and parts of north india the previous night as he took another jibe at rahul.
;;0.4215;;no other leader is the target of as many jokes as this congress leader, modi said at a poll rally in bijnor, questioning akhilesh yadavs wisdom in joining hands with the congress for uttar pradesh elections.
;;-0.5719;;with the end of article 370, modi claimed, jammu and kashmir would now get liberated from its negative effects.
;;0.1531;;modi claimed that this had been done after careful thought.
;;0.5267;;however, in a clear signal of reassurance to the citizens who may fear the curtailment of political rights as a change in the states status, modi said, you will vote like you voted before.
;;0.3182;;addressing a joint conference of chief justices of high courts and chief ministers, modi had said the budget allocated to run the tribunals can be diverted to courts to strengthen them if it is found that they are not delivering results.
;;0.1655;;although the sanctioned amount and insurance premium amount may not be sufficient for resolution of your problems, but i am sure that such assistance will certainly reduce your problems to some extent, modi said in a letter to the children.
;;-0.6124;;modi, during a rally in wardha on april 1, had claimed pawar was losing his grip on ncp which was hit by a family feud.
;;-0.2732;;responding to the comments, pawar said, pm modi said there are disputes in the pawar family.
;;0.0;;ladakh will remain a union territory, modi said.
;;0.5106;;this gives me the confidence of becoming a $5 trillion economy in the coming years, pm modi said in his independence day speech.
;;0.0;;pm modi said.
;;0.0;;at the just concluded conclave of the bjp in bhubaneswar, prime minister modi asked bjp leaders to be mindful of their conduct.
;;0.6551;;asking scientists to not lose heart and thanking them for the milestones achieved during this historic attempt, pm modi said, it is not a small achievement and the country is proud of you.
;;0.0;;, says pm modi when a student, selected through isros space quiz competition to watch the landing of vikram lander along with him, asks him, my aim is to become the president of india.
;;0.0;;, says pm modi when a student, selected through isro's 'space quiz' competition to watch the landing of vikram lander along with him, asks him, ''my aim is to become the president of india.
;;0.9325;;kudos to our pm @narendramodi ji, a true leader, being present personally and bucking up the morale of our scientists   rajyavardhan rathore (@ra_thore) september 6, 20192:27 am ist the nation is proud of you, hope for the best: pm modi on chandrayaan-2 talking to the scientists and students at isro headquarters after india lost touch with vikram lander, pm modi said, there are ups and downs in life.
;;0.4019;;the bjps victory in karnataka is unprecedented because it busts the perception that the party belongs to the hindi-speaking parts of the country, said prime minister modi on tuesday.
;;0.8271;;i will always cherish the affection i received from the people of karnataka, said modi in a speech at the party headquaters.
;;-0.7184;;modi, who arrived in berlin on the first leg of his six-day, four-nation tour of germany, spain, russia and france, in an interview to german newspaper handelsblatt said: europe has been hit hard by terrorism.
;;0.5106;;we are hopeful that they will be addressed, modi said.
;;0.4939;;i am confident that this visit will open a new chapter in our bilateral cooperation with germany and further deepen our strategic partnership, modi had said in a facebook post on the eve of his visit.
;;0.4019;;addressing party members in delhi sunday, modi said that even a lesser known elected representative who may not ever have made headlines could emerge as cm.
;;-0.3089;;they are not interested in development, modi said at his election rally here in the states industrial belt.
;;0.5267;;exulting over the bjp winning three council seats of goarakhpur, bareilly and kanpur in uttar pradesh, modi said it is a pointer to what is going to happen in uttarakhand.
;;0.0;;it is the babus and the politicians who have looted the country and i will force them to cough up the money they have looted, modi said.
;;-0.4939;;hours after prime minister modi claimed that west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee had not returned his calls to enquire about the damage done to the state by cyclone fani, the firebrand trinamool congress chief responded to the pms charge saying that she could not take the pms call as she was in kharagpur.
;;0.0;;i kept waiting for her to call back, pm modi said.
;;0.0;;pm modi had said in his mann ki baat and during the inauguration of transstadia at ahmedabad that every indian youth should meet deepa and hear her motivational talks to get a correct outlook towards life, and also to understand how the youth could contribute towards nation building.
;;0.2023;;i assure all the people who have been affected by flood that centre and state governments are working together to provide all kinds of assistance at a fast pace, pm modi said.
;;0.8316;;11: 28 am ist pm modi praises challenges faced in back to village programme a great thing about back to village programme, pm modi said, is that it was organised in remote villages too.
;;0.3875;;they went to the extremely sensitive areas of shopian, pulwama, kulgam and anantnag district without any fear, pm modi said.
;;0.6369;;11:25 am ist people from kashmir want to join the movement of development talking about the back to village programme, pm modi said that he read an interesting comment on mygov.
;;0.0;;11:20 am ist mann ki baat brings the spotlight back on cleanliness campaign lauding the transformation of indias movement from cleanliness to beautifcation and individual efforts made by the citizens, pm modi said.
;;0.6486;;the movement gained momentum and expanded through peoples support,11:18 am ist pm modi announces quiz competition for kids urging students to participate in a quiz competition, pm modi said, students should participate in this competition, make it interesting, memorable through participation.
;;0.8481;;11:15 am ist 2019 has been a great year for indias space missions pm modi said that this year has been a great year for indias space missions.
;;0.9413;;11:10 am ist hope chandrayaan mission will inspire youth: pm modi discussing indias feat in space venture, exhbited recently through chandrayaan-2 mission, pm modi said, i fervently hope that chandrayaan-2 mission will inspire our youth towards science & innovation.
;;0.5267;;they were champions of life, pm modi said.
;;-0.5994;;there are certain server-side bandwidth issues which result in problems such as virtual payment address (vpa) not being identified or some failed transactions, modi told ians.
;;-0.4019;;however, modi too said these were one-time problems and would be sorted out soon.
;;0.6124;;the authentication mechanism is tightly secured yet convenient and i am sure will be replicated globally, modi told ians.
;;0.4939;;the two sides had discussed ways to advance their energy ties through specific projects, including long-term supply contracts and joint ventures in energy, modi said in a speech after his meeting with the crown prince.
;;0.3612;;modi said he was ready to face any consequences arising from the decision.
;;0.0;;modi said the government had taken a series of steps to curb the shadow economy  from applying higher taxes to jewellery and writing a stringent new law against benami property to launching a voluntary income disclosure scheme to enhance compliance.
;;0.367;;modi, who flew into bengaluru on friday night to watch the planned touch-down of vikram, told isro scientists not to get dejected and disheartened and said the country is proud of them.
;;0.4588;;for home renovation loans up to rs 2 lakh in villages, banks would provide 3  subvention on the interest rate, modi said.
;;-0.4215;;besides checking soil erosion and waste of crops, the farm fields are also getting water by the effort, modi said.
;;0.0;;the congress which is in power in rajasthan has tried to suppress the news of the gangrape of a dalit woman due to the polls in that state, modi said at an election meeting in ghazipur in eastern up.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on thursday said that india and singapore, which he termed a a bridge between india and south east asia , are building a partnership of our age.
;;0.7096;;it is a natural partnership from a shared vision, modi told the indian diaspora at a business and community event at marina bay sands convention centre.
;;0.0;;modi said the two nations speak in one voice at international forums.
;;0.0;;a new india is taking shape, modi said.
;;-0.5574;;modi, 68, said banerjee was destroying the bhadralok, or genteel and ethos that west bengal had come to be represent, in an election rally at taki on the indo-bangla border in north 24 parganas district.
;;-0.5994;;modi said the entire nation had watched on television the previous evening how tmc thugs had attacked bjp president amit shahs kolkata roadshow and was anxiously awaiting the outcome of the poll results in west bengal.
;;-0.9423;;prime minister modi has said that the pulwama terror attack has proved indias stand that pakistan was in the business of exporting terror to india and that the world was now standing beside india in its fight against terror.
;;0.1027;;responding to a question regarding pakistan on whether there was a possibility of a dialogue with the neighbouring country, modi said that even before he was sworn in as prime minister, he had reached out to the prime minister of pakistan.
;;0.0;;all efforts are being made to fulfil the cultural aspirations of tamil people, prime minister modi said on twitter.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi on monday said the oppositions mission mahamilavat is keen to form a khichdi government at the centre, the strings of which will remain in the hands of the congress.
;;0.4019;;the congress rallied behind some parties, resulting in change of governments and prime ministers every two-three years, modi said.
;;0.4215;;earlier this week, prime minister modi told german chancellor angela merkel that india will stay in the accord, irrespective of what the united states does.
;;-0.2755;;wannacry doesnt look like something that will affect the atms, unlike personal or corporate endpoints, said modi , the ceo and co-founder of lucideus.
;;0.6808;;earlier, prime minister modi said india supports connectivity projects that are inclusive, transparent and respect territorial sovereignty.
;;0.4019;;promising full cooperation for the summit a year after india joined the bloc, modi said, we should together set a goal for the 25th sco summit.
;;0.7717;;read: pm modi asks apple ceo tim cook to make iphones in indiaapple wants to boost iphone sales in india, where it has only a roughly 2  market share, as sales in the united states and china slow.
;;0.34;;paytm welcomed the governments demonetization decision on november 9, hours after modi announced the recall of two high-value notes, issuing an advertisement which had the prime ministers photograph on it.
;;0.6249;;your government, that can and will find an early solution to teesta water sharing, modi said at a press briefing.
;;0.7845;;in the run-up to elections earlier this year, prime minister modi announced a flurry of ambitious programs to win over voters.
;;-0.3612;;barely a week after prime minister modi asked bjp leaders at the partys national executive meeting not to seek tickets for their relatives in the assembly elections in five states, he chose to ignore his own words.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister modi on sunday said that the indian army cannot wait for clearance from the election commission of india (ec) to take action against terrorists.
;;0.0;;citing action by his government against fugitive liquor baron vijay mallya, modi said that the government had seized more than one quarter of the 9,000 crore mallya had borrowed from banks before fleeing the country.
;;0.7184;;the clean india mission has become a mass movement and over 100 districts across the country have become open defecation free (odf), prime minister modi said on wednesday.
;;0.5106;;expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement.
;;0.891;;modi said that jaitley held multiple ministerial responsibilities during his long political career which enabled him to contribute towards indias economic growth, strengthening our defence capabilities, creating people friendly laws and enhancing trade with other nations.
;;0.4767;;the country is proud of you, modi said in his address to the scientists and students gathered there.
;;-0.6486;;the union budget was meant for the poor, and aimed at boosting small businesses and farm incomes and weeding out illegal cash holdings, prime minister modi said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;modi said the budget had focussed on womens empowerment, the housing sector and agriculture.
;;0.3818;;modi also said the merger of the railway budget with the general budget  for the first time after 92 years  would give an impetus to the transport sectors growth.
;;-0.5897;;prime minister modi said on sunday that people of kashmir want to join the mainstream of development and those trying to spread hate and obstruct development works in kashmir will never succeed.
;;-0.7527;;it is clear that those who wish to spread hatred and pose hurdles will never succeed in their sinister plans, pm modi said.
;;0.5859;;the successful launch by our scientists despite the early setback is unprecedented, modi said.
;;0.2023;;prime minister modi on saturday told a gathering largely of bjp members that his aim of turning india into a $5-trillion economy will transform the lives of each and every family in the country and was therefore an important mission requiring people participation.
;;-0.2732;;addressing the indian diaspora in brussels in 2016, modi said, the united nations has all means and mechanism to deal with war.
;;0.0;;pm modi said, when we raised the question on corruption, the u-turn babu snapped ties with the national democratic alliance.
;;0.0772;;we want the ec to take cognisance of sidhus speech and initiate necessary action against him in the light of the sc judgment, bihars deputy chief minister modi said in darbhanga.
;;0.0;;in the speech, modi said: every other day, they [pakistan] say we have nuclear button, we have nuclear button.
;;-0.7783;;in a veiled threat apparently meant for state officials, modi said, those who are on the payroll of the tmc and are often found spreading terror, will soon be taken to task.
;;0.0;;the crowd here indicates that the boat of the trinamool congress has capsized, said modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi on friday asked the congress leaders to mind their language as he has everyones dossier, which he can disclose, while dubbing the harish rawat government in uttarakhand as most corrupt.
;;-0.2712;;this corrupt (congress) regime has so badly sullied the name of the land of gods (uttarakhand) that its sanctity needs to be restored, modi said at a public meeting here as he launched the last phase of the bjps campaign for the february 15 polls.
;;0.3491;;the entire country watched the corrupt face of this (congress) government on television screens, but the person who heads such a tainted regime is the least bothered, modi said.
;;0.0;;from the way he walks and talks, it seems as if he is digesting what he has eaten (in terms of corruption), modi said in a jibe at rawat who is also the congress face for the poll.
;;0.5213;;indiaupdated: aug 04, 2019 03:58 istemphasising that the bharatiya janata party (bjp)s ideology and thoughts, and not the legacy of any family, brought it to its current politically dominant position, prime minister modi asked his partys lawmakers on saturday to remain connected with the bjp and not forget their contribution in making them ministers and parliamentarians.
;;0.0;;team bjp is an organic entity and not an assembled entity, modi said.
;;0.7783;;modi said it was of great help to him, joshi added.
;;0.0;;modi said whatever our age is, we should remain students and keep learning.
;;0.0;;pm modi said banerjee is rattled with the polling in the first two phases of the lok sabha elections.
;;-0.3182;;she has lost her sleep, said pm modi , who was addressing an election rally in west bengals buniadpur.
;;-0.4588;;modi said chief minister akhilesh yadav was wary of imminent defeat and had formed an alliance with the congress.
;;0.0;;modi said he had held a rally at the same ground in 2014, but this time the crowd was double.
;;-0.4404;;our indian shops are full of chinese goods, he (modi) wears a chinese watch, he sits in the swing with the chinese president in gujarat and then china attacks india at doklam and modi says nothing.
;;0.4588;;at his recent election rallies, prime minister modi said india warned pakistan of serious consequences and asked islamabad to ensure the safety of varthaman.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has asked taxmen to take necessary steps against all those who are in possession of benami properties and focus on broadening the tax net.
;;0.6705;;pm modi said, the bjp was founded 39 years ago on this day with a commitmentvajpayee used to say a bjp worker should have one foot in rail and one in jail for the progress of the party and the countrytoday, the bjp has provided an alternative to the congress for india.
;;-0.6249;;addressing a public rally in odishas sundergarh, pm modi said, india now enters the homes of terrorists and eliminate them.
;;-0.0294;;people are very hardworking here but the parties that have ruled the state have not done justice to the people, pm modi said.
;;-0.6808;;veer savarkar boldly expostulated that whatever happened in 1857 was not a revolt but was indeed the first war of independence, modi said in his monthly radio programme, mann ki baat, on sunday.
;;-0.3612;;modi said that the demonetisation move was a fight against corruption and targeted those who amassed wealth by unfair means.
;;0.4588;;i vow to draw out this money to benefit people, modi said.
;;0.6808;;exhorting the youth to become job creators, prime minister modi said those with innovative ideas will get all possible help from the government.
;;0.3412;;referring to those who are planning on start-ups, modi said, do not worry.
;;0.3818;;then, you will be yourself capable of moving ahead, modi said.
;;0.6808;;talking about the central governments mudra scheme, skill india and startup india funds, modi said that there are sufficient platforms to help young entrepreneurs with innovative ideas.
;;0.4767;;congratulating isro scientists, modi said, isro scientists have made us proud yet again.
;;0.0;;, says pm modi when a student, selected through isro's 'space quiz' competition to watch the landing of vikram lander along with him, asks him, ''my aim is to become the president of india.
;;0.092;;also watch| chandrayaan 2: dont lose heart, says pm modi after vikram lander loses contact during descent60 high school students who cleared an online space quiz last month were present at the isro to witness the indias endeavour.
;;0.0;;modi asked her the peoples reaction to digital programme.
;;0.3818;;on april 8, prime minister modi announced a new concessional line of credit of $4.
;;0.6486;;energy security is an important dimension of our development partnership, modi said at a joint press conference with bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina.
;;0.7783;;for ensuring faster approval on files, modi said both the cabinet minister and his junior colleague can sit together to clear proposals, the sources said.
;;0.0258;;emphasising on punctuality, modi said all the ministers should reach office on time and spend a few minutes discussing latest developments in the ministry with the officials.
;;0.6664;;she also referred to former premier ab vajpayees kashmir peace push and noted that modi had repeatedly said he would follow vajpayees footsteps, whose policy is of reconciliation not confrontation.
;;0.4767;;adityanaths comments come a day after prime minister modi asked party workers to stand by muslim women who want to fight triple talaq, saying dignity was guaranteed to all under the constitution.
;;-0.836;;cpi(m) state secretary modi had said that the activist  santhosh  was murdered over a property dispute, and the party was not involved in the crime.
;;0.34;;in his independence day speech, prime minister modi said the government was determined to make india a $5 trillion economy in the next five years through several initiatives, including rs 100 lakh crore of investment in infrastructure.
;;0.0772;;dubbing the alliance as mahamilavati (highly adulterated) opportunists, modi said in kannauj that he doesnt believe in politics of caste.
;;0.0772;;mamata banerjee has made alliance with people who want two prime ministers, one for delhi and one for jammu and kashmir, modi said at his first election rally in cooch behar district.
;;-0.8591;;referring to the saradha scam, nararda sting videos and rose valley chit fund scam, modi said, you all know who benefitted from these scams.
;;0.1779;;i promise to expose all of that, modi , who held the first rally of the day, said in cooch behar.
;;0.0;;nobody in india thought that after the communists misrule would continue in bengal, modi said.
;;-0.1027;;claiming that north bengal districts had a huge potential as far as tourism industry was concerned, modi said, infiltration is one of the biggest problems in this region.
;;0.0;;modi asked.
;;-0.4767;;if congress had ensured their bank accounts, the poor would have contributed so much to the economy, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;the congress must answer on increasing crimes, pm modi says in udupi.
;;0.5417;;22pm: i will not let your hard work go in vain, i will return this love in the form of development, says pm modi in udupi.
;;0.5423;;45pm: karnatakas voters on may 12 have to choose between the bharatiya janata party that has its work to show and the congress which has only the name of its top leadership, said pm modi.
;;-0.5875;;the lokayukta is not safe, how can the common people be safe, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;4 million people, including 300,000 in jharkhand, modi told a public meeting attended by an estimated 100,000 people.
;;0.6369;;picture abhi baaki hai (the best is yet to come), modi said.
;;0.0;;we are working on this expeditiously and some have already landed in jail, modi said.
;;-0.6428;;na khaunga, na khaane dunga, modi had said, warning people that neither he will accept bribes, nor allow anyone to do so.
;;0.4019;;become vistarak (campaigner) for the party for at least 72 hours during this period, modi said.
;;0.0772;;it will transform lives of people of lower starta, modi said, hinting the more it was used there could be incentive through banks.
;;0.6705;;in two tweets, pm modi said he was delighted that donald trump would join him at the community programme in houston, texas on 22 september.
;;0.7964;;the special gesture of president @realdonaldtrump to join us in houston highlights the strength of the relationship and recognition of the contribution of the indian community to american society and economy, #howdymodi, pm modi said, responding to the white house confirming that trump will attend pm modis indian diaspora event.
;;-0.296;;i pay my respects to jayalalithaa and mg ramachandran who lived and worked for the poor, pm modi said in the lok sabha constituency while seeking vote for aiadmk candidate and tamil nadu deputy chief minister o panneerselvams son p ravindranath kumar.
;;0.0;;the congress was not able to find a candidate who belongs to this regionthey must have sensed the mood of the people in this region, said pm modi taking a dig at evks elangovan, the congress leader from erode district of tamil nadu.
;;0.0;;explaining the term nakampanthi, which he used in reference to the aap government, modi said it means not allowing centres ayushmaan bharat in delhi hospitals.
;;-0.0772;;he (badal ) is the living legend who stood up and fought for the interests of farmers throughout his life, modi said.
;;-0.7506;;if a weak government or a government of outsiders or a government of those indulging in luxuries comes, this will be bad for punjab and the country, modi said.
;;0.4019;;launching an offensive against the aap, calling it an outsider that is dreaming of creating its own world at the cost of punjab, modi said it was only the badal regime that could maintain peace and development in the state with the bjp-led coalition government at the centre.
;;0.0;;vajpayee ji and badal sahib have been the politicians of high stature who understood the sanctity of democracy, modi said.
;;-0.0258;;earlier in march, prime minister modi , as well as shah, asked party legislators from up against bullying officials in the state and to keep away from seeking transfer and postings of bureaucrats and police officials.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has said that rulers and governments do not make a nation.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi/gonda: conspirators from across the border were responsible for a train derailment near kanpur that killed 150 people and injured more than 200 last november, prime minister modi said on friday.
;;-0.3818;;96 lakh in malda district since prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8 2016 culling 86  of the currency in circulation on november 8 last year.
;;0.3612;;it was ready in half the time than expected, modi said in an address.
;;0.0;;pm modi said, when i was made a prime ministerial candidate, there was a queue for the pms post in 2014.
;;-0.5423;;addressing people across 500 locations, pm modi said, i have tried to fulfil my responsibility as a chowkidar in the last five yearspeople pay taxes to the government and the poor have right over this money.
;;0.5994;;it is a feeling, pm modi told around 5,000 supporters of bjps main bhi chowkidar drive, launched to counter the congresss chowkidar chor hai campaign.
;;0.0;;against this backdrop in 2014, i had said i would be a chowkidar not the prime minister, said pm modi.
;;0.4939;;in one of his weekly radio address, mann ki baat, last year, modi said the governnment will soon implement the benami transaction law to target other forms of illegally accumulated wealth.
;;0.8176;;rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) may 26, 2018earlier in the day, in a series of tweets, modi said development had become a vibrant mass movement with 125 crore indians taking india to great heights.
;;0.2263;;he was surprised and said how did my colour photo appear today, pm modi said in the interview to news nation.
;;-0.3612;;it was this deposit made three days after prime minister modi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities, who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the november 8 demonetisation announcement.
;;0.0;;pm modi said opposition unity will become a thing of the past once the results of the lok sabha elections are declared.
;;0.3182;;the fact remains, this chowkidar of yours has been making all efforts to strengthen the quota system introduced by baba saheb ambedkar, modi said.
;;0.5859;;they will have to show the source of income or get ready to be demolished by the competent agencies, modi said.
;;-0.6486;;after four rounds of elections for 381 lok sabha seats, those who crying hoarse against the ndas policies are no longer in the race, modi said.
;;0.0;;#watch: pm modi says in rajya sabha 'bathroom mein raincoat pehen kar nahaane ki kala sirf dr. sahab(mms) hi jaante hain' pic.
;;-0.765;;i have been abused many times by the congress and its allies but this time they branded the entire backward community as thieves, pm modi said.
;;0.0;;pm modi said it was a reflection of how the opposition looked at the backward classes.
;;-0.5106;;opposition leaders on tuesday staged a walk out in the lok sabha after they failed to get the prime minister modi to respond to the statement of us president donald trump claiming that the indian prime minister modi had asked him to mediate in the kashmir issue, reported news agency ani.
;;-0.1779;;the ministry of external affairs earlier on tuesday had rejected trumps remarks, made during his meeting with pakistan prime minister imran khan, that modi had asked him to mediate in resolving the kashmir issue with pakistan.
;;0.0;;now, whitehouse puts up @potus assertion in black & white that pm modi asked him to mediate on kashmir!
;;0.0;;president trump says pm modi asked him to mediate between india & pakistan on kashmir!
;;0.0;;trump, who is known to make inaccurate statements, claimed prime minister modi asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;0.4404;;india will launch the geosynchronous satellite launch vehicle (gslv-f09) carrying the gsat-9 or the south asia satellite, which prime minister modi said will be a priceless gift to neighbouring countries, from the satish dhawan space centre in sriharikota in andhra pradesh on friday.
;;0.7184;;and thats why i have proposed in front of you today that we offer a valuable gift to our saarc countries through a saarc satellite launch so that we also become partners in their welfare, modi said in 2014.
;;0.7269;;in context of yoga studies in higher educational institutions, deputy chief minister modi said the government was keen on taking positive action on the proposal.
;;0.0;;the government will look into the proposal and hold discussions on it with the newly appointed governor so that necessary steps could be taken for implementing the idea, modi said.
;;0.0;;we cant have a one-size-fits-all kind of policy, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said in his august 15 speech that around 3.
;;0.0;;speaking about the show, prime minister modi said, for years, i have lived among nature, in the mountains and the forests.
;;-0.4767;;similarly, when modi asked countrymen to give up lpg subsidy for the poor, they duly complied.
;;-0.128;;saket modi , ceo and co-founder of lucideus said, ransomware, as a mode of attack, seems to be gaining traction as it now gets 4-5 requests from a week from enterprises across the country for providing support from such attacks.
;;0.4019;;it is s for samajwadi party, c for congress, a for akhilesh and m for mayawati, modi said at a rally in meerut.
;;-0.2023;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 08:25 istprime minister modi said on thursday his government took steps to help muslim women stop living in fear and removed the practice of triple talaq as he addressed the nation in his sixth straight independence day speech.
;;-0.6486;;the fear of triple talaq kept haunting muslim women in our country, which is why we took the step to criminalise instant talaq, pm modi said in his independence speech.
;;0.3182;;after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
;;0.4867;;also watch| chandrayaan 2: dont lose heart, says pm modi after vikram lander loses contact during descentthe vikram lander successfully separated from chandrayaan-2 orbiter on september 2.
;;0.3875;;prime minister modi , speaking to the scientists, said they should not be disheartened and should look towards a new dawn.
;;0.0;;watch | uproar in ls: oppn insists pm modi must clarify on trumps kashmir remarktrump, speaking to reporters during pakistan pm imran khans us visit, had claimed that pm modi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;president trump says pm modi asked him to mediate between india & pakistan on kashmir!
;;0.0;;in fact, a coconut possesses water (and not juice) and it is grown in kerala, said modi.
;;-0.8807;;spoiling environment for future generations immoral and criminal, says pm modiit would be an immoral and criminal act to spoil the environment for future generations, prime minister modi said on tuesday, and underlined the need to protect nature, as the donald trump administration mulls to overturn the us position on the 2015 paris climate accord.
;;0.0;;in his address, modi said, our neighbor (pakistan).
;;0.0;;lashing out at the congress, pm modi said, congress calls indias army chief a street goon.
;;0.5106;;delivering a nearly 20-minute long speech in gujarati, modi said, you need a strong leadership to run the country.
;;0.2732;;on the other side, the bjp has increased the income tax exemption limit to rs 5 lakh, modi said.
;;-0.5267;;for the sake of punjab, punish such people, so that they dare not do this again, pm modi said.
;;0.25;;when the voters did not respond to their message they took advantage of fissures in the sp and joined hands with them, modi said.
;;0.0;;i have come to do the work you have given me, modi said in his 92-minute speech.
;;0.4404;;modi said the country had a question for those supporting article 370.
;;0.7906;;modi also announced a significant and long-pending military reform -- india would soon have a cds to provide effective leadership at the top and strengthen jointmanship or a degree of co-ordination and integration in terms of strategy, capabilities and execution across the three services.
;;0.8074;;prime minister modi on wednesday said russian president vladimir putins invitation to him for the eastern economic forum was a matter of great respect.
;;0.4019;;this is a historical occasion to give a new dimension to the support between the two countries, modi said at the delegation-level talks.
;;0.3612;;we are working together on many global forums like brics and sco, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;2:16 pm ist cooperation in space touching new heights: modi our cooperation in space is touching new heights, says pm modi on india-russia space cooperation.
;;0.6808;;youve personally focussed on expanding our special & privileged strategic partnership, said pm modi.
;;0.7717;;12:55 pm ist express my gratitude to you & people of russia: modi pm modi says, youve announced that ill be awarded with russias highest civilian award.
;;0.9451;;12:52 pm ist matter of great respect: modi on putins invite for eef talking about president putins invitation at the 20th india-russia annual summit, pm modi said , your invitation to me, for eastern economic forum is a matter of great respect.
;;-0.128;;12:40 pm ist visit opens new pathways of cooperation tweeting about his meeting with president putin, pm modi said, during our visit, president putin showed me cutting edge technologies at the shipyard.
;;0.8625;;11:32 am ist special chemistry: modi on his relationship with putin pm modi had told the rossiyskaya gazeta newspaper that his relationship with president putin has special chemistry, special ease, reports news agency afp.
;;0.0;;with each meeting with president putin, we get closer and our relationship grows, modi said.
;;0.765;;modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of bhim app, a digital payment application, by educating the masses about it and helping them download it, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar told reporters after the meeting.
;;-0.34;;modi said youngsters depend on mobile phones more than on newspapers and tv channels to get information and stressed on the need to use this medium of communication to tap them.
;;0.4215;;let us close ranks for a safer planet, modi said on twitter.
;;0.1796;;as we strive to build stronger political ties, the time has come to also make more aggressive effort to deepen the economic relations, modi said.
;;0.0;;we must factor this in our economic and commercial interactions, modi said.
;;-0.5719;;it is tughlaq road poll scam, modi said.
;;0.0;;pitching for another term at the centre, modi said that one needs to see our track record and congress tape record.
;;0.4939;;history is witness to what this family did to sardar (vallabhbhai) patel and morarji desai and when my turn came, the family was rattled that a chaiwala completed five years (at the centre) with full strength, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said.
;;-0.5859;;it would be an immoral and criminal act to spoil the environment for future generations, prime minister modi said on tuesday, and underlined the need to protect nature, as the donald trump administration mulls to overturn the us position on the 2015 paris climate accord.
;;-0.4767;;emphasising the importance of protecting nature, modi said playing with the well-being of future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.
;;0.0;;this is a big deal in itself, prime minister modi said at a press briefing -- his first in five years -- he attended with bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;after decades you will elect a majority government for a second time in a row, modi said.
;;0.0;;pitted against up ke ladke (the lads of up), akhilesh yadav and rahul gandhi, modi has claimed himself to be ups adopted son.
;;0.2732;;a collection of several identities of the prime minister, who is a skilled communicator, during the ongoing elections and those in the past:up ka god liya betaduring an election rally in hardoi on february 16, modi said he was ups adopted child.
;;0.0;;would-have-been sainikhe too wanted to serve the country and be a soldier, modi said in haryanas rewari in september 2013.
;;0.0;;he wanted to serve the country by joining the army and even tried for an admission in jamnagar-based sainik school when he was in class 4, modi said.
;;0.0;;bihar deputy chief minister modi , on sunday, claimed rjd chief lalu prasad had made ramashray prasad yadav chairman of the bihar public service commission (bpsc) in lieu of two plots of land in a prime location of the state capital.
;;0.34;;explaining the modes operandi of acquiring the properties, modi said first lalu prasad used one mohammad shamim and his wife sofia tabassum to purchase the said plots from the daughter and son of ramashray yadav, seema yadav and sanjay yadav, respectively, in 1993-94.
;;0.0;;modi said by all accounts, rabri devi became the owner of the plots.
;;0.8481;;prime minister modi on thursday said that in order to talk of peace it is essential to be strong as he came down heavily on the opposition, particularly congress, over national security.
;;-0.3182;;at an election rally in bhagalpur, modi said that the country has emerged stronger after retaliatory action against pakistan following the pulwama terror strike.
;;0.5106;;modi who was campaigning for jd (u) nominees contesting as nda candidates from munger, banka and bhagalpur parliamentary seats, said the nda has a clear policy of giving free hand to armed forces in the fight against terrorism and extremism.
;;0.4588;;on the contrary i favour further strengthening of reservation policy, modi said and cited the 10  reservation which his government had announced for poor people of upper caste.
;;0.0;;once we are voted to power again all farmers would be covered under financial assistance scheme instead of present coverage to farmers having land holdings up to five acres, modi said.
;;-0.1027;;the mega handloom cluster was established here as a step towards solution of your problems, modi said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has asked taxmen to take necessary steps against those with benami properties and focus on broadening the tax net.
;;0.0;;what india did will be a case study for economists worldwide, modi said.
;;0.1779;;a day before, on tuesday, modi while speaking at lok sabha (the lower house) said that the note-ban was possible because the countrys economy was in good shape.
;;0.0;;taking potshots at his predecessor, modi said, people should learn from dr. (manmohan) singh how to bathe in bathroom wearing a raincoat.
;;0.4019;;coming back to demonetisation, modi said that cashless would take india step-by-step, slowly in the direction of a clean economy.
;;-0.6124;;on november 8, when prime minister modi announced the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 old notes, he had said the move was to suck out counterfeit currency making its way into the country from across the border, which was largely responsible for funding terror.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi had announced the sudden decision to scrap rs 1,000 and rs 500 currency notes in a televised address to the nation on 8 november 2016, leading to a severe shortage of cash in the economy.
;;0.1779;;the ruling bjp does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern, and prime minister modi announced a separate ministry for water called jal shakti.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi announced last december two components of credit-linked subsidy within the scheme.
;;0.1779;;in december 2016, prime minister modi had announced to extend igmsy  then an existing pilot scheme being implemented across 53 districts  across the country.
;;0.5245;;top stories to bring you up to date:pm modi asks europe to take lead role in tackling terrorism, has very good interaction with merkelprime minister modi said on monday he had a very good interaction with german chancellor angela merkel as he met the leader at her country retreat near berlin for informal talks.
;;-0.4588;;also watch | pm modi didnt seek zakir naiks extradition: malaysian pmjaishankars statement came in the wake of malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad on tuesday rejecting the claim that prime minister modi had asked for the islamic preacher to be extradited to india.
;;0.5209;;addressing an event to mark 47th anniversary of thuglak magazine on saturday, modi said, we need more satire and humour.
;;0.4215;;speaking at the raisina dialogue on tuesday, modi said he saw the development of india and china as an unprecedented opportunity for our two countries and the world.
;;0.6249;;both countries need to show sensitivity and respect for each other's core concerns and interests, modi told the policy dialogue.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had recently said the new uttar pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state.
;;0.0;;speaking about the show, prime minister modi , had said, for years, i have lived among nature, in the mountains and the forests.
;;0.3182;;i urge you all to embrace yoga and make it an integral part of your daily routine, modi said as he addressed people at the prabhat tara ground.
;;0.1027;;modi said awareness of yoga has reached every corner and every class of india.
;;0.4404;;we can see yoga from streets to wellness centres, modi said.
;;0.0;;pm modi while laying the foundation stone of the delhi-meerut expressway project on december 31 had announced that the foundation stone of a network of all-weather roads meant for the chardham would soon be laid.
;;-0.4767;;its you who should be ashamed, pm modi said at an election rally in punjabs bhatinda, from where union minister harsimrat kaur badal is seeking re-election.
;;-0.7096;;the congress even ensured the escape of bhopal gas tragedy accused (warren anderson) as they believe in hua to hua, modi said.
;;-0.3089;;addressing a rally in kushinagar, pm modi said, behenji you will have to answer, why didnt you withdraw support to rajasthans congress govt after a dalit daughter was gang-raped in the state?
;;-0.7269;;reminding akhilesh that he had promised to probe scams that took place in the previous bsp regime, modi asked, why did you shelve probe into scams during mayawatis regime?
;;-0.6124;;ridiculing the sps kaam bolta hai slogan, modi asked akhilesh to visit the medanta hospital in lucknow with him for a blood pressure check.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi said thursday the ties between india and japan have become stronger from the time the two countries cooperated to make a car to coming together to manufacture the bullet trains.
;;0.4939;;addressing the indian community in this japanese city, prime minister modi said japan has played an important role in indias economic development.
;;0.7003;;it has harmony and respect for each others culture at its foundation, modi said.
;;0.765;;modi said swami vivekananda, rabindranath tagore, mahatma gandhi, netaji subhash chandra bose, justice radhabinod pal and many indians strengthened indias relationship with japan and that is why after ww-ii, india and japans relationship reached newer heights.
;;0.34;;modi said his governments main areas of focus were social security and infrastructure development.
;;0.6597;;modi said the congress was a sinking ship like the titanic and its dynast had run away to find a safe seat to contest.
;;0.0;;he has also said he will not speak against his main left rival, modi said in nanded, maharashtra.
;;0.0;;congress wants to implement such policies, which will double the prices of essential items, including rice and wheat,available through pds, modi said.
;;-0.128;;on april 1, at a rally in wardha in maharashtra, modi had said congress leaders were afraid of contesting constituencies dominated by majority population (hindus)  a speech the opposition party flagged to the election commission for being a violation of campaign rules that prohibit, among other things, claims that are communally sensitive .
;;0.0;;when the bjp came to power in 2014, prime minister modi said that earlier governments worked to run the governments but we will run the government to run the country, said shah.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi on sunday said the bjp is rooting for bollywood actor sunny deols victory from gurdaspur lok sabha constituency in punjab.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on november 8.
;;0.2617;;#watch: priyanka gandhi vadra says, pm modi claimed that up has adopted him, but does up need to adopt an outsider for development?
;;0.743;;the resilience of our relationship is based on the fact that it rests on the principles of equality, trust and mutual benefit, modi said.
;;0.0;;we will form government in uttar pradesh, will waive loans of small farmers, modi said.
;;0.0;;about 40 mobile phone making plants have started since modi announced make in india in september 2014.
;;0.6486;;assuring the state of all possible help, modi told khandu that the centre is monitoring the situation.
;;0.0;;and on friday, modi had said in an election rally in haridwar that the bjp had a detailed dossier on the congress leaders.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister modi has said jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar was designated as a global terrorist because india is now seen as a nation that will leave no stone unturned to ensure the safety and security of its citizens.
;;-0.6808;;it is a global terrorism issue, modi said.
;;0.0;;pm modi said india and china are leading power centres who understand that there is a lot more common ground between them.
;;-0.7121;;the congress insulted dalit icon br ambedkar and does not care for the community, said prime minister modi on sunday, responding after the opposition partys president rahul gandhi tweeted a video.
;;-0.2057;;addressing an election rally at chitradurga in karnataka, modi said, the congress never accepted ambedkar.
;;0.3339;;the congress doesnt care about dalits, it only cares about deals, modi said, accusing the party of being corrupt.
;;-0.3818;;expressing concern over the situation arising due to cyclone fani, which is expected to intensify into a severe cyclonic storm by this noon, prime minister modi said he had spoken to officials to take preventive measure and provide assistance.
;;0.5859;;dehradun: yoga has the potential to create a new era of togetherness and harmony, prime minister modi said on thursday.
;;0.4939;;when we talk of combating climate change, we seek to move away from a lifestyle of consumption or bhoga to one of yoga, modi said after inaugurating international yoga festival via video conferencing.
;;0.7906;;modi said when a person talks about global peace, there should be peace among the nations and yoga is the way.
;;0.0;;highlighting his pet programme swachh bharat mission, modi said awareness and observance of cleanliness of water bodies, land and air is crucial.
;;0.5267;;while congratulating prime minister modi for winning a second term, kejriwal also said he is looking forward to working together in delhi.
;;0.3804;;read | goa election: pm modi says will make state the most comfortable placethe partys election promises included ascertaining opinion of muslim women over the islamic divorce practice of triple talaq, closing down illegal slaughter houses and stemming the alleged migration of hindus from riot-hit muslim-majority towns in western uttar pradesh.
;;-0.6808;;on the 60th day of after prime minister modi announced demonetisation -- the situation, which sucked out 86  of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a dena bank branch in khimana village in gujarat was pelted with stones.
;;0.0;;in an interview to times now news channel, modi said the income tax raids were happening as per the law and were not part of any political vendetta.
;;-0.9022;;also read | outrage as sadhvi pragya says her curse killed karkareresponding to a question on loan defaulters vijay mallya, nirav modi and mehul choksi escaping the country, modi said when they realised that under the present government, they will have to return the loan.
;;0.0;;in 2019, they have been brought to the steps of jails, after 2019, they will be in jail, modi said.
;;0.0;;it will be a complete majority, modi said.
;;0.7184;;talking to reporters on the sidelines of his janata darbar here on tuesday, modi said the nda government at the centre was known for taking courageous steps and he hoped it would also take a historic decision to change the financial year, the traditional start of which remains a british legacy.
;;-0.2732;;arguing his point, modi said the suggested financial year would give the government adequate time before monsoon to carry out development activities.
;;0.3182;;modi said, apart from demonetising high currency, the union government had taken many other measures to strengthen the economy.
;;-0.7964;;modi, who was in spain on a visit, said india stands with afghanistan in fighting all forms of terrorism.
;;-0.3818;;6:56: modi says under his government the poor got affordable medicines, 104 satellites were launched in a single flight.
;;0.9509;;kumar uttam (@meetuttam) may 26, 20173:56pm: i want to assure people of india that the kashmir situation will soon be brought under control, says amit shah3:53pm: modi govt has met peoples aspirations, says amit shah3:51pm: ease of doing business improved, fdi inflow grew, says amit shah3:50pm: india has grown as an economic leader, says shah3:48pm: bjp president amit shah speaks to media on 3 years of modi govt2:37pm: ne of northeast would mean new economy, new energy, new empowerment, new engine, says pm modi2:32pm: pm modi launches sampada yojana- scheme for agro marine processing and development of agro processing clusters2:29pm: in new india, we have to move towards ever green revolution, says pm modi2:27pm: if northeast starts working in this (organic farming) direction, india can become one of the biggest centres of organic farming, says pm modi2:26pm: in northeast, the likelihood of organic farming is very high: pm2:24pm: we laid emphasis on pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana, says pm modi2:19pm: we cant bring change in the country through tokenism, says pm modi at his dhemaji rally2:17pm: our dream is to double farmers income by 2022, the year when india completes 75 years of independence: pm modi2:15pm: we want to bring modernisation in agriculture, says pm modi2:12pm: pm modi is addressing another rally in assams dhemaji12:19pm: pm renames dhola sadiya bridge as bhupen hazarika bridge12:18pm: within the first year of bjp rule in assam, the state is getting rid of many of its problems, says pm modi12:14pm: the bridge will save time, says pm12:12pm: the bridge will be a link in the development of two states- arunachal pradesh and assam: pm12:10pm: prime minister modi says the bridge will bring an economic revolution12:08pm: this bridge will open new avenues for the farmers, says pm modi in assam12:04pm: it is a proud moment for the country that indias longest bridge has been constructed in assam, says pm modi12:00pm: pm modi is addressing a rally in dhola, assam11:50am: congress leader kamal nath said bjp spending rs 2000 cr on celebration,3 years of modi govt can be summed up as bhashan aur aashwaasan, yeh hai mera shaasanfuturistic infrastructure that will power india's growth.
;;0.0;;10:10am: pm modi arrives in dibrugarh to inaugurate dhola-sadiya bridge and other projects (ani photo)9:00 am: prime minister modi said these years have seen concrete steps that have transformed the lives of the people.
;;0.7506;;making a sensational claim in the middle of the general election, modi had said on monday that 40 tmc mlas were in touch with him and will desert their party once the bjp wins the polls.
;;0.0;;modi said yesterday that 40 trinamool congress workers (mlas) are in talks with the bjp.
;;-0.8225;;9:01am: modi says afghanistan is an unfortunate example of effect of terrorism.
;;0.9169;;i hope the brave steps towards peace taken by president ghani will be respected by all in the region, says pm modi at sco summit.
;;0.0;;therefore, connectivity with our neighbourhood and in the sco region is our priority, says pm modi while addressing the plenary session of the summit.
;;0.7506;;we will organise a sco food festival and a buddhist festival in india, says modi.
;;0.0;;read more: how yadav singh used clout to build plush club in noidas sector 27in an election rally in ghaziabad earlier, prime minister modi had said he will order a cag audit of all development authorities in the state to check alleged corrupt practices.
;;0.8516;;on behalf of all indians, i wish you a very happy birthday, modi told xi, greeting the chinese leader who will turn 66 on june 15.
;;0.0;;and there has been new areas for further cooperation since then, modi told xi in his opening remarks.
;;0.0772;;thomas said the pac has asked reserve bank of india (rbi) to come out with the exact number of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes which were demonetised and deposited with banks after prime minister modi announced the move on november 8.
;;-0.9403;;india stood with the united kingdom in the fight against terrorism, prime minister modi said on thursday, hours after an attack near britains parliament in london killed five people and injured 40.
;;-0.8805;;modi said he was deeply saddened by the terror attack.
;;0.0;;it has also dismissed trumps astonishing claim that modi had asked him to mediate.
;;-0.1531;;the government and local agencies are providing real-time information, which i urge those in affected areas to closely follow, prime minister modi said in a tweet on wednesday.
;;0.0;;a day after prime minister (pm) modi said in gondia that opposition leaders will be in delhis tihar jail after the polls, congress president rahul gandhi on thursday said that all those who claim to be chowkidars will find themselves in jail after the elections.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi said his government has so far distributed 10 crore lpg connections, four crore of which were given free.
;;0.5267;;modi said that when he was young, the rich and influential people would get the lpg and tell the poor that it was unsafe to have a gas connection at home.
;;0.128;;referring to dalits, a politically key constituency being vigorously wooed by the ruling bjp, modi said they have benefited from his governments schemes.
;;0.0;;5 trillion dollars economy in the target in front of us, pm modi said.
;;0.0;;: pm modi asks the indian community of bahrain when you talk to your family members in india, they tell you they feel a change in the environment.
;;0.0;;pm modi said.
;;0.5719;;it is also a matter of happiness that renovation of this temple will also officially begin tomorrow, said pm modi.
;;-0.5719;;pm modi , who was addressing a public rally in karnatakas mysuru, said, there is lot of anger against the congress in the country due to its politics of family-first, of corruption.
;;0.0;;at another election rally, pm modi said the congress president chose to be in the fray where majority is in minority signalling to the demographic composition of the wayanad lok sabha seat where muslims constitute around 45 per cent of the population compared to nearly 41 per cent hindus.
;;0.6319;;pm modi told scientists to not lose heart and thanked them for the milestones achieved during this historic attempt.
;;0.4588;;pm modi said that fit india movement will be launched in the country on the occasion of national sports day.
;;0.296;;three-fourths of the worlds tigers are in india it is possible to strike a healthy balance between environment and development, modi said while releasing the new numbers.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
;;0.4588;;find your real calling and pursue it with full passion, modi said while addressing students at the royal university of bhutan on the final day of two-day visit to himalayan kingdom.
;;0.3612;;modi said india was keen to cooperate with bhutan in new frontiers.
;;0.0;;most bhutanese citizens of older generations would have had at least one india teacher during their education, modi said.
;;0.3818;;on his part, modi said creating trust and an environment free of violence and terrorism was essential for fostering peace and prosperity in the region.
;;-0.4939;;at a rally in up on friday, pm modi said that trinamool goons had destroyed the vidyasagar statue during a rally by bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced the procurement of a batch of 36 rafale jets after talks with the then french president francois hollande on april 10, 2015, in paris.
;;0.0;;modi says he was a tea seller.
;;0.0;;the country has many rivers on the map but dont have any water in them, modi said at an event to mark the conclusion of the namami devi narmade sewa yatra in madhya pradeshs annooppur district.
;;0.4404;;the indian economy was in good health when the government decided to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, modi said.
;;0.1531;;also read | india rebuts trump on claim that pm modi asked him to mediate on kashmirthere was no mention of the offer, or even a mention capturing a sense of it couched in the most arcane of diplomatese, in the three-paragraph readout of the presidents luncheon meeting with khan shortly after their oval office remarks, each leader accompanied by their respective delegations.
;;0.0;;on june 15, modi said the programme was going to resume on june 30 at 11:00 am in a tweet.
;;-0.6808;;follow live updates here12:01 pm ist congress questioned surgical strike, iaf airstrike: pm modi they raised questions about the 2016 surgical strike and the latest iaf airstrike, this approach of congress has always led to causing damage to the nation, said pm modi in madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;11:56 am ist enough is enough is peoples response to mahamilawat: pm modi now, enough is enough is peoples response to the mahamilawat, said pm modi in madhya pradesh.
;;-0.4767;;11:49 am ist naamdaar begin their speech by abusing: pm modi in mp congress has a problem with bharat mata ki jai, they feel happy to abuse me but cant chant bharat mata ki jai, said pm modi modi.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi said on sunday that the government has initiated major infrastructure projects in the seven northeast states, including investing rs 40,000 crore to improve the roads and highways, with the aim to make the region a gateway of southeast asia.
;;0.12;;we have to make the northeast a gateway for southeast asia, modi said, adding if this gateway is dirty, then the dream would not be fulfilled and asked the people and organisations like the sangha to join hands in the cleanliness campaign.
;;-0.296;;observing that there has been no balanced development in the entire northeastern region even so many years after independence, modi said his government with all its resources had planned to bring about overall and balanced development of the states here.
;;0.4215;;we are also improving the electricity situation in the northeast and trying to bring even more tourists to the region, modi said.
;;-0.561;;some people tried to tell that those who are in the spiritual path are different from those on the way of providing service to the humanity, modi said, adding that the sangha has proved this wrong through its activities.
;;-0.7845;;prime minister modi on november 8 last year had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
;;0.0;;(according to trump, it was in osaka that modi had asked him to be a mediator on the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;analysisupdated: aug 14, 2019 07:53 istafter his government voided article 370, prime minister modi said that a new age has begun in jammu-kashmir and ladakh.
;;0.3612;;addressing a poll rally in koderma, jharkhand, modi last week said the oppositions mission mahamilawat is keen to form a khichdi government at the centre, the strings of which will remain in the hands of the congress.
;;0.3612;;the old arrangement, pm modi said in his address to the nation from the ramparts of red fort, encouraged corruption and nepotism.
;;0.3818;;how could we accept such a situation, pm modi said in his first independence day address to the nation after the nda government was voted back to power in national elections, his sixth.
;;0.6124;;in less than 70 days of the new government versus the 70 years that it had lingered for, article 370 has become history, and in both houses of parliament, two-third of the members supported this step, pm modi said on the move to end special status for j&k and carve two union territories out of the state.
;;0.0;;without naming the opposition or the congress, pm modi said the provisions had continued as a temporary provision for 70 years despite majority governments.
;;0.0;;you could have removed the temporary status of article 370 but did not, pm modi said.
;;0.0;;behenji is distributing my caste certificate; now that she has started it, i must tell you that i come from the most backward caste in gujarat, modi said at an election rally in kannauj on saturday.
;;0.1695;;i ask them to not drag me into caste politics, modi said.
;;-0.7546;;playing up the traditional fault lines between the yadavs (obc) and jatavs (scheduled caste, or dalit) in the potato belt of uttar pradesh, modi said, behenji is gleefully seeking votes for those who never respected baba saheb (br ambedkar, a dalit icon), attacked the dalits and forcibly occupied their land and houses.
;;0.8885;;starting his speech by congratulating class x and class xii students of the up board examinations, results of which came out around 90 minutes before his speech, modi said: i wish them great success in the future.
;;0.7269;;may these festivals bring abundance of happiness and prosperity in the lives of our hardworking farmers, modi said.
;;0.6249;;prime minister modi on friday said india needs an institutional arrangement for achieving excellence in sports.
;;0.5994;;i am sure every government wants to popularise sports, modi said while addressing a national conference of ministers and secretaries of tourism, culture, youth affairs and sports ministries at the rann of kutch in gujarat.
;;0.6124;;speaking on the efforts of the union and state governments in popularising sports, modi said: what is needed is proper mapping at the district level so that we can understand where our talent is and where infrastructure is.
;;0.5994;;speaking on the tourism potential of india, modi said: india is blessed with so much potential that it can draw the world.
;;0.1779;;in his august 15 address, modi announced, with characteristic aplomb, to further sharpen coordination between the forces, i want to announce a major decision from the red fort: india will have a chief of defence staff  cds.
;;0.4404;;in his opening remarks here, prime minister modi said that the trilateral meeting in osaka is a useful medium of discussion and coordination on major global issues.
;;0.0;;these steps are in addition to what prime minister modi said on december 31.
;;0.0;;maintaining that he had come to aligarh in 2014 as the pm candidate, modi said not even half this ground was filled then.
;;0.0516;;attacking the opposition, modi said we are working to save money by adopting strict measures.
;;-0.4588;;attacking the sp government, modi said past governments in up worked in such a manner that it led to the closure of famous aligarh lock industry as they could not provide enough electricity.
;;0.2732;;india is committed to working closely with the maldives to deepen the partnership between the two sides and to assist the indian ocean archipelagos socio-economic development, prime minister modi told president ibrahim mohamed solih on monday.
;;0.6908;;the significant victory of mdp signifies a resounding endorsement of the policies and efforts of its leaders, who have worked with deep commitment for the people of the maldives, modi told solih.
;;0.8481;;i am sure enlightened people will emerge from among muslims and come forward to end this practice, liberating our muslim daughters and mothers from the scourge, modi said at a function to celebrate the life of 12th century social reformer and kannada philosopher basaveswara.
;;0.5267;;minister for social justice and empowerment thawar chand gehlot said prime minister modi had repeatedly said the constitutional position of reservation of scs, sts and obcs will continue.
;;0.0;;it is now the need of the hour that we, as indians, think of a $5 trillion economy, pm modi said from the red fort.
;;0.0;;the government, pm modi said, is pledging rs 100 lakh crore to develop infrastructure across the country.
;;0.0;;why can we not have a blue economy, and why should our farmers not export their produce, said modi.
;;0.4215;;addressing an election rally in indore, modi said, as the lok sabha speaker, tai (as mahajan is popularly known in the constituency) has carried out her duties in a skilful and controlled way.
;;0.5499;;but perhaps very few people know that in our party (bjp), if there is anybody who can admonish me, it is tai, modi said in the presence of mahajan, who was seated on the dais.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said he has spoken to jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti about the flood situation in the state and offered the centres assistance.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said he has spoken to mehbooba mufti over the flood situation.
;;0.4404;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) april 7, 2017the chief engineer said that even though the weather was likely to improve from friday, the water level in rivers, lakes and streams of the valley was expected to rise further.
;;0.0258;;maintaining that poverty alleviation and water sector are the core focus areas of his government, prime minister modi on monday asked indias top bureaucrats to prepare a roadmap in order make the country a $5 trillion economy with ease of living by 2022, officials with direct knowledge of the matter said.
;;0.5106;;in an extensive interaction with secretaries of various union ministries and departments on monday evening, modi asked them to encourage peoples participation in key policy planning.
;;0.4588;;i look forward to meeting president macron and have discussions on issues of mutual interest, modi had said ahead of his visit.
;;0.6801;;i am committed to substantially strengthening and advancing our multi-faceted partnership with france, modi had said.
;;0.4588;;ahead of his visit to russia, modi said he looked forward to discussing regional and international issues of mutual interest with president putin.
;;0.0;;i also look forward to meeting other global leaders attending the eastern economic forum, and interacting with indian industry and business representatives participating in it, modi said.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister modi asked first-time voters to dedicate their votes to the forces that carried out an air strike in pakistans balakot and congress president rahul gandhi accused him of running away from a debate on corruption on tuesday, ratcheting up the rhetoric just two days before voting begins in this summers general elections.
;;0.264;;in maharashtras latur district, modi said pakistan would not have been created had congress leaders acted wisely during the pre-independence days.
;;-0.8689;;under the bjps watch in the new india, forces will kill terrorists by entering their dens, modi said at the rally in ausa town, where voting will be held in the second phase.
;;0.4019;;now congress and ncp have also joined them, modi said, referring to national conference leader omar abdullahs recent comment that his party will strive for the states autonomy that could accommodate a sadar-e-riyasat (president) and a wazir-e-azam (prime minister).
;;-0.4404;;modi told pakistan that indias nuclear weapons are not for diwali.
;;0.34;;modi says the government does not have funds to help the deprived sections whereas his government favoured big corporate magnets.
;;0.5767;;but i would like to say that if you really had the courage to slap those who took away chit fund money, you would not have been so scared today, pm modi said on thursday, while addressing an election rally in bengals bankura district.
;;0.4767;;however, she is proud to recognize pakistans prime minister, pm modi claimed.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi said on saturday that the upcoming uttar pradesh election was the bjps fight against scam, an acronym that he used to refer to the samajwadi party, congress, uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav and bsp chief mayawati.
;;0.0;;modi asked.
;;0.2263;;prime minister modi on wednesday said the only vision of the congress was to create divisions in communities, while congress president rahul gandhi accused him of dividing the nation, sending the political mercury soaring a day before the second phase of the lok sabha elections.
;;-0.5106;;this time they have crossed the limits and abused the entire backward society, modi said in maharashtras madha.
;;-0.6808;;in saurashtras surendranagar, modi said exporting terrorism was the only objective of one of our neighbours [pakistan].
;;-0.4215;;modi also said he was not afraid of pakistans nuclear threats.
;;-0.7003;;pakistan would threaten us, saying it has the nuclear bomb and will press the button [if india retaliated], modi said.
;;-0.296;;he said prime minister modi has repeatedly said that no power in the world can abolish reservation.
;;0.0;;pm modi said.
;;0.3818;;on thursday, owaisi said modi would have claimed credit for construction of the red fort and the taj mahal had they not been built long ago.
;;0.5994;;on friday, as he got up to welcome m venkaiah naidu as rajya sabha chairman, pm modi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners.
;;-0.4067;;the makers of our constitution laid such strong foundation of indian democracy that today people holding constitutional posts are those who represent poor and marginalised and do not come from rich background, said modi , referring to naidu who is a farmers son.
;;-0.6597;;if something is wrong, let us admit it and not live in denial simply because prime minister modi has said it is wrong, she said.
;;-0.34;;prime minister modi on sunday said mahamilawat meant chaos and corruption and only the bjp could effectively develop upaddressing a rally at madhopur in bhadohi district, modi said india topped the world in producing handmade carpets because of the weavers of bhadohi and added that modern looms were being provided to weavers and they were being trained.
;;0.3419;;speaking on surgical strike across the line of control (loc), modi said the move made every indian proud but the mahamilavatis were not ready to accept indias success.
;;0.25;;when we got the chance to serve the people, we gave ayushman bharat and ensured development, modi said.
;;0.3612;;when we form government, bails of anti-social elements get cancelled, modi said, praising the yogi adityanath-led uttar pradesh government.
;;0.5719;;addressing the students of the royal university of bhutan here, modi asked them to work hard and take the himalayan nation to great heights.
;;-0.3818;;pointing out that india is witnessing historic transformations in a wide range of sectors, prime minister modi said india is keen to cooperate extensively in new frontiers, from schools to space, digital payments to disaster management.
;;0.8934;;hailing the decades old friendship of bhutan and india, modi said it is natural that the people of the two countries experience great attachment to each other.
;;0.4364;;much of what i wrote in exam warriors is influenced by the teachings of lord buddha, especially the importance of positivity, overcoming fear and living in oneness, be it with the present moment or with mother nature, modi said.
;;0.872;;stating that bhutan has understood the essence of happiness, modi said, happiness which springs from harmony.
;;-0.1779;;its a shame that netas can pride themselves in being called bahubali, modi said, making a reference to the chief minister whose video depicting him as a bahubali had gone viral.
;;-0.3612;;stressing on development for uttarakhand, modi said he was aware of the demands of the people in uttarakhand.
;;0.7906;;there is great scope to further improve economic and cultural ties between our nations, pm modi said.
;;0.6115;;i am very happy to come to bhutan at the beginning of my second term, modi said in a joint press statement.
;;0.9022;;the relations between india and bhutan are based on the common interests of progress, prosperity and security of the people of both countries, modi said as he described bhutan as special friend of india.
;;0.6908;;our shared spiritual heritage and strong people-to-people relationship are key of our relations, prime minister modi said.
;;0.5574;;on increasing the currency swap limit for bhutan under the saarc currency swap framework, modi said indias approach is positive.
;;-0.1779;;the us president even said that prime minister modi had asked him to do so, the claim was swiftly denied by india.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister modi on friday said that trinamool goons destroyed the statue of ishwar chandra vidyasagar in kolkata during bjp chief amit shahs rally.
;;0.7269;;we are committed to vidyasagars vision and will install his grand statue at the same spot, pm modi said at a rally in uttar pradeshs mau.
;;-0.6369;;on wednesday, prime minister modi had said that it is unfortunate that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow.
;;-0.7003;;those who are bent upon destroying the nation have left no stone unturned, said modi.
;;0.4215;;united states president donald trump, at a meeting with pakistan prime minister imran khan, on monday, claimed prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on kashmir.
;;0.2732;;mr trump said that mr modi , just two weeks ago, had asked him to be a mediator or arbitrator on kashmir; that he would love to mediate if both sides wanted it; that there was a terrible situation in kashmir and, if he could do anything, he would do it.
;;-0.5106;;it rejected mr trumps claim that mr modi had ever asked him to mediate.
;;0.0;;kumar didnt fumble on a single line and neither did let his expression falter when modi claimed us president barack obama and he address each other using the hindi tu (which would require obama to speak hindi since english doesnt have an equivalent.
;;-0.296;;the centre is trying to impose the rsss agenda of a uniform culture, cpi(m) state secretary modi said in kozhikode.
;;0.5859;;your slap will be a blessing for me, pm modi said at an election rally in bengals purulia.
;;0.7096;;in next 10 years from now, i see gift city becoming a price-setter for at least a few of the largest traded instruments in the world, whether in commodities, currencies, equities, interest rate derivatives or any other financial instruments, modi said.
;;0.0;;this has been done with a view to enable indian firms to compete on an equal footing with offshore financial centres, modi said.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 14:20 istthe indian space research organisation will stay the course to realise indias dream to reach the moon, prime minister modi announced in mumbai soon after wrapping up his visit to the isro facility in bengaluru for the lunar mission chandrayaan-2.
;;0.2732;;also watch: chandrayaan 2 | stay steady, look ahead: pm modi to isro scientistswe will realise our dream to reach the moon, pm modi told his audience at the metro project.
;;-0.4019;;the victory was enough for prime minister modi to announce odisha as his partys next battleground in the national executive held in april last year.
;;-0.4019;;in a poll rally on monday, prime minister modi had said that congress is scared to field its leaders from constituencies where majority dominates in terms of voter-base, in a reference to wayanad which which has a sizeable muslim population.
;;0.0;;president trump says pm modi asked him to mediate between india & pakistan on kashmir!
;;0.0;;9:24 pm: pm modi says a road in delhi has been named after russias ambassador alexander kadakin.
;;-0.25;;twitter.com/drbg3yb2fh  modi (@narendramodi) june 1, 20176:30 pm: in an interview to pti, putin says there is no other country in the world that russia has deep cooperation in delicate areas such as missiles.
;;0.0;;5:36 pm: in relations there are ups and downs but india and russia have not seen ups and down in their relations: pm modi says during meeting with russian president vladmir putin.
;;0.765;;pm modi says both russia and india believe in the benefit and happiness of all.
;;-0.0772;;3) pm modi greets yogi adityanath; says sole mission, motive is ups developmentas the yogi adityanath-led government took over in uttar pradesh on sunday, prime minister modi said the sole mission and motive is development of the state, in an apparent bid to allay apprehensions over the hardline hindutva mascot becoming the chief minister.
;;0.0;;addressing an election rally here on wednesday, modi said the former prime minister used ins viraat as a private taxi and his in-laws were onboard the aircraft carrier.
;;0.6486;;prime minister modi said on his government is focused on development of railways shedding earlier practices wherein the ministry was used as a bargaining tool by the main ruling party to distribute trophies to its allies.
;;-0.2062;;leaders from political parties who got the control of the railways were not interested in (development of) railways and i need not say what they were interested in, modi said.
;;0.9022;;the central government is working to increase speed of trains and also striving to bring in global technology to make railways safer, as safety is of greatest concern, modi said.
;;0.0;;on wednesday, mr modi said that people should learn from dr singh how to bathe in bathroom wearing a raincoat, alluding to his blemish-free reputation while heading a scam-riddled government.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi had announced the defence corridor project for uttar pradesh at the investors summit in the state capital on february 21 last year.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said on thursday that india does not eye anyones territory and resources and maintained that the countrys development model is based on give and take.
;;-0.3612;;i know that every citizen of kashi is himself fighting elections for and as modi , modi said.
;;0.0772;;in the video message, modi said, i only want to say that in 2019, everyone must participate in the biggest celebration of democracy.
;;0.8271;;assuring hasina of an early solution to the teesta water-sharing issue, modi said: along with our shared land boundaries are our shared rivers.
;;0.34;;there is a need to develop robust arrangements that could function amidst diversity, modi said.
;;-0.6908;;at a function to commemorating kargil vijay diwas (victory day) at the indira gandhi indoor stadium in new delhi, modi said there can be no compromise when it comes to modernisation of the armed forces and referred to the anti-satellite weapon test conducted on march 27 and the nuclear triad  the ability to fire a nuclear weapon from sea, land and air.
;;0.1027;;under the make in india programme,the country is building military hardware, and regulations have been changed to encourage the private sector to manufacture weapons systems, modi said.
;;-0.9601;;those defeated in war are fighting a proxy war, modi said, noting pakistans defeats in the 1948, 1965 and 1971 wars.
;;-0.8573;;earlier, modi said beti bachao, beti padhao, but look across the country, attacks against women and rapes have increased.
;;0.0;;this is the stick of law and will show its power on march 11, said modi addressing a poll rally in mau on monday.
;;-0.0772;;they did everything to defeat him in the 1952 general elections and the bypoll to bhandara parliamentary constituency in 1953, modi told party workers through the namo app on thursday.
;;0.0;;it is our responsibility to follow the path of equality and brotherhood as morals from his life, modi said in his radio programme on sunday.
;;-0.0772;;modi said once a person asked the prophet about the best thing in islam and the reply was feeding a poor and needy and meeting everyone cordially, whether you know him or not.
;;0.5719;;emphasising that the government was not leaving any stones unturned, modi said that his government pumped rs 32,000 crore annually outside the mnrega (mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act) budget and 150 lakh acres of land has benefitted from it in the past three years.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi said of the mission as anxious faces in the 7,500-strong visitor gallery and tension in the mission control room gave way to cheers and applause.
;;0.765;;you deserve special congratulations for this, modi said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi during an election rally at chitradurga in karnataka had said that the whole world stood with india, but our mahamilavati dal (congress-jds) was condemning modi instead of pakistan.
;;0.2023;;the government on friday said no decision has been taken on limiting to the first child only the maternity benefit programme (mbp) prime minister modi announced in his televised address on the new years eve.
;;0.4588;;in his address to the nation on december 31, modi had announced pan-india expansion of the maternity benefit programme (mbp) which has been in operation in 56 districts on a pilot basis since 2010.
;;-0.743;;in response to a question from a reporter, president trump had made the offer during prime minister khans white house visit in july, saying even prime minister modi had asked him to mediate -- a claim that was swiftly and summarily denied by new delhi, which also reiterated that the kashmir dispute can only be resolved bilaterally, and only after pakistan stopped supporting terrorism.
;;0.0;;we took our diplomatic relations beyond the purview of capitals and ambassadors and took them directly among public, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/6spnv6i4lq  ani (@ani) june 27, 20194:32 pm ist we will continue to chase development milestones that are comparable to peoples rising aspirations: pm modi we will continue to chase development milestones that are comparable to peoples rising aspirations, says pm modi.
;;0.2732;;we have set a goal to create ecosystem for 50k startups in the next 5 year, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/jvsad76h64  ani (@ani) june 27, 20194:24 pm ist dhyan in india is called zen in japan, sewa in india has same meaning as the japanese sewa: pm modi dhyan in india is called zen in japan, sewa in india has same meaning as the japanese sewa, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;some japanese idols have a direct link with 7 indian gods and goddesses, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/tswlmgldzl  ani (@ani) june 27, 201911:28 am ist president ram nath kovind to attend japanese emperors coronation: pm modi prime minister modi said that president ram nath kovind will participate in the coronation ceremony of emperor naruhito in october.
;;0.7964;;9:09 am ist look forward to engaging with leaders of our major partner countries: pm modi on the sidelines, pm modi said, he looks forward to engaging with leaders of our major partner countries on important issues of bilateral and global importance.
;;0.3818;;8:42 am ist osaka summit will also be an important stepping stone for india towards hosting the g20 summit in 2022: pm modi the osaka summit, pm modi said, will also be an important stepping stone for india towards hosting the g20 summit in 2022 when we usher in a new india in the 75th anniversary year of our independence.
;;0.9325;;8:25 am ist g20 summit will also be a platform for sharing indias strong developmental experience of last 5 years: pm modi prime minister modi said that the g 20 summit will also be a platform for sharing indias strong developmental experience of the last five years, which provided the basis for a resounding mandate by the people of india to the government to continue on the path of progress and stability.
;;0.8625;;the summit will provide an important opportunity to reiterate and reinforce our strong support to reformed multilateralism, which is crucial for preserving rule-based international order in todays fast-changing world, modi said.
;;0.4404;;it was on september 17, 1948, when hyderabad was integrated with india thanks to the efforts of vallabhbhai, modi said.
;;0.8225;;68 metre for the first time in 30 years, modi said, the dream of vallabhbhai has been fulfilled today and this dream is coming true in the front of the sardars statue.
;;0.0;;commenting on the long journey of the dams construction, modi said, there was a time that even raising the dams level up to 122 feet was an achievement.
;;-0.4693;;earlier addressing the meeting, senior bjp leader modi said nitish kumar was so terrified of the visit of yogi, that he held a meeting at darbhanga a day earlier but his meeting was attended only by around 700 people.
;;0.2263;;prime minister modi said on sunday states need to work together for what he calls a vision to create a new india, addressing a meeting of the niti aayogs governing council that was skipped by chief ministers mamata banerjee and arvind kejriwal  two of his staunchest critics.
;;0.6249;;consensus on gst will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, modi said.
;;0.4404;;appreciating state and central ministers, modi said, team india has once again assembled today to discuss and reflect on ways to prepare india for changing global trends.
;;0.4019;;the abolition of triple talaq will contribute to women empowerment and give women the dignity they deserve in our society, prime minister modi said on twitter.
;;0.0;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) september 8, 2019offering his condolences to ram jethmalanis family, pm modi said he may not be here but his pioneering work will live on.
;;0.25;;prime minister modi said on sunday the sp and the bsp created a culture of kuch logo ka saath, kuch logo ka vikas in politics for the sake of votes.
;;0.4019;;addressing a poll rally at mahatma gandhi kashi vidya peeth ground in varanasi, modi said the culture propounded by the two parties in the state was in sharp contrast to bjps sabka saath, sabka vikas.
;;0.0772;;we want development of one and all, modi said adding, sp and bsp are birds of the same feather.
;;0.0258;;we will ensure it, modi said, stressing on the need to harness the tourism potential of the ancient city.
;;-0.0516;;time has come when honest people would be hailed and no one will dare to harass them, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi in his november 8 address to the nation had said those who could not deposit old notes by december 30 could go to specified offices of the reserve bank of india up to march 31, 2017 and deposit the notes after submitting a declaration form.
;;0.7351;;the paris climate agreement is a shared legacy of the world and it will benefit the future generations, prime minister modi said on saturday, vowing to go above and beyond the accord to combat climate change.
;;0.2732;;speaking at an economic forum in st petersburg in russia, modi said on friday india is committed to the paris accord irrespective of the course chosen by other countries.
;;0.4939;;talking about the india-france relationship, modi said the two countries enjoy deep-rooted ties.
;;0.4404;;modi said the two countries will make efforts to improve cultural relations.
;;-0.5574;;in the run-up to the final phase of polling in the country on may 19, prime minister modi on tuesday said that the opposition, having seen the voters response in six phases of lok sabha polls, was resorting to hurling personal abuses on him.
;;-0.582;;adressing rallies at buxar and sasaram, modi said, opposition leaders know they cannot win, hence they are drawing satisfaction from hurling abuses.
;;0.4939;;they (opposition) believe in amassing wealth for themselves, modi said.
;;-0.8316;;modi said his government had enough guts to wipe out terrorism and curb its menace ruthlessly.
;;0.5423;;praising bihar cm nitish kumar, modi said, bihar under nitishji has developed a lot and now it has shunned lantern and shifted to led age.
;;-0.8271;;sushil modi said his lawyer had filed a criminal complaint in the cjms court, under section 500 of the indian penal code for the remark he made on april 13 at a public meeting in kolar, karnataka, which he said hurt the sentiments of a large number of people sporting the modi surname.
;;-0.765;;i have been abused many times by the congress and its allies but this time they branded the entire backward community as thieves, pm modi said.
;;0.0;;sushil modi said he expected the election commission to take notice of the case and initiate action.
;;-0.9001;;nations of the world need to work as one to disrupt terrorist networks and their financing, and put a stop to cross-border movement of terrorists, modi said, adding he had an extensive conversation with erdogan on the subject.
;;-0.2732;;we agreed that no intent, goal, reason or rationale can validate terrorism, modi said, after the two sides inked a host of agreements.
;;0.0516;;countries need to stand and act against those who create, support, shelter and spread terrorism, modi said, adding, president and i decided to work together to strengthen cooperation, both bilaterally and multilaterally, to effectively counter this menace.
;;0.34;;batting for indias quest for a permanent seat in the un security council, modi said, both of us recognise the need for the unsc to reflect the world of the 21st century and not of the century gone by.
;;0.4767;;congratulating modi and nda, state congress president sachin pilot said, we respect peoples mandate.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister modi said on friday the centre has released more than rs 100o crore to all the states, which will face the brunt of cyclone fani that made landfall near puri killing two people, and all those affected that the entire country was with them.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who was addressing an election rally in rajasthan, said the centre is in touch with government in odisha, west bengal, andhra pradesh, tamil nadu and puducherry.
;;0.2023;;i assure the affected people that the entire nation and the centre are with them, modi said.
;;0.4404;;earlier in the day, at an election meeting in jaunpur, modi said, in this country, when we do something good, we chant the gayatri mantra.
;;0.0;;now, police cannot trace him, modi said.
;;-0.2263;;as the yogi adityanath-led government took over in uttar pradesh, prime minister modi today said the sole mission and motive is development of the state, in an apparent bid to allay apprehensions over the hardline hindutva mascot becoming the chief minister.
;;0.0;;there will be record development, modi said.
;;0.0;;59pm: modi asks people to turn on the flashlights on their phones, saying this a light of vigilance, shining light on congress misdeeds.
;;-0.4215;;58pm: modi says, in the coming days, congress will use every tactic and spread lies.
;;0.0;;55pm: we need a new karnataka to build a new india, says modi.
;;0.0;;51pm: modi says congress work culture is atkana, latkana and bhatkana.
;;-0.4767;;45pm: modi says his government opened bank accounts for the poor and brought them in financial mainstream.
;;-0.7568;;35pm: modi says, rapists must not be forgiven.
;;0.0;;modi says congress leaders believe in photo ops and do not do anything for the countrys betterment.
;;0.0;;23pm: pm modi says that the congress president has pre-announced he will become the prime minister in 2019.
;;0.0;;only people can decide who will become the pm not naamdaars, says modi.
;;-0.5719;;15pm: modi says bidar is the land of anubhava mantapa of bhagwan basaveshwara, which spreads the messages of democracy, women empowerment, women participation and fighting social evils like casteism.
;;0.0;;i urge them to make more and more people aware of voting rights, says modi.
;;-0.4767;;10pm: at his rally, pm modi says, why does the congress need fake voter ids?
;;0.0;;we have used technology in the working of the government, which has helped bring transparency, modi says.
;;-0.5106;;people have rejected their politics, says modi.
;;0.5267;;they now question the judiciary and even call for impeachment of the chief justice, says pm modi.
;;-0.4215;;they are spreading lies that there would be a hung assembly in karnataka, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;53am: had ambedkar not written the constitution, a tea seller could not have been a prime minister, says modi.
;;0.5499;;vajpayee became the pm thrice but did the party change the constitution or end reservation, asks modi.
;;0.0857;;42am: naamdaar culture in congress is not limited to delhi but also in every lanes, says modi.
;;0.0;;how will the big leaders who attend these meetings react to this sudden announcement by one naamdaar that he is going to be pm, says the modi.
;;0.3384;;02am: the country has figured out congress culture very well, says modi , urging people to vote the congress out in the may 12 elections.
;;0.0;;it will decide the future of karnataka, says modi.
;;0.0;;cpi(m) state secretary modi had said the bypoll will be a referendum on the government.
;;0.2263;;i am also influenced by good and bad things like the aam aadmi (common man), modi said during his monthly radio show, mann ki baat.
;;0.4576;;i see this entire process as a very healthy sign, modi said.
;;0.4588;;modi said he treats praises and criticism with equal importance.
;;0.7269;;equal opportunities should be given to all and let peace, unity and amity be the only guiding forces of new india, modi said in 2017s last edition of his radio programme mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;in a bid to empower muslim women, modi said his government has changed a law to permit them to travel for the annual haj pilgrimage without any male attendant or mehram.
;;0.3612;;it is a privilege that i got to participate in the anniversary celebrations at patna sahib at the beginning of this year, modi said.
;;-0.1232;;you will not just be granting yourselves the right to vote but will be making yourselves the founders of the tomorrows india, modi said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi also said a cleanliness survey will be conducted from the january 4 to march 10 to evaluate achievements in the cleanliness of urban areas.
;;0.0;;asean leaders as republic day chief gueststowards the end of his address, modi said the 2018 republic day celebrations would be remembered through the ages because the government for the first time in indias history would host leaders of 10 asean countries as chief guests on january 26.
;;0.0;;stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times, prime minister modi said on sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court, saving time and money.
;;-0.3008;;while recalling mahatma gandhi s philosophy that every decision must benefit the weakest section of the society, modi said his government had in the past three years scrapped almost 1,200 obsolete british-era laws.
;;0.8126;;on december 31, 2016, prime minister modi announced an additional subsidy on home loan interest rates, saying that the government will facilitate 4  and 3  interest rate rebate for housing loans of up to rs 9 lakh and rs 12 lakh, respectively.
;;0.5859;;people toiled for about 80-90 weeks, unceasingly and turned versova beach around by extracting thousand of tonnes of waste materials and today versova beach is clean and beautiful, modi had said.
;;0.6124;;prior to november 8, the day prime minister modi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes, around rs 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 atms.read | 50 days of demonetisation: atm queues shorter but ripples to remain in januarythough cash situation is better, queues can still be seen outside several atm kiosks, primarily due to withdrawal restrictions  rs 4,500 per day and rs 24,000 a week.
;;0.1779;;in his latest edition of his radio address maan ki baat, modi also asked the youth to adopt yoga for their all-round development.
;;0.0;;modi also asked the youth to volunteer for the swachh bharat internship this summer, as part of the governments cleanliness drive.
;;0.5267;;modi had earlier said the bsp had come to mean behenji sampatti party, raking up charges of corruption against behenji, as mayawati is popularly known.
;;0.7845;;i assure you that i will be available to hold your hand whenever required, modi said, inviting business leaders to invest in india.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has asked for the details of all the union ministers who did not attend parliament despite being asked to be present for the session, pulling up bjp members for the second time this month.
;;0.4019;;i rank everyone according to all this and then decide the ministers, modi said at the bjps parliamentary party meeting on july 2.
;;0.6705;;the invitation was to parties, not individualswhile jd-u spokesperson neeraj kumar claimed kumar could not attend gandhis meeting in delhi due to prior engagements in patna, including a vital cabinet meet, senior state bjp leader modi has said, it is obvious that kumar cannot continue with a scam-tainted ally such as lalu prasad.
;;-0.4149;;prime minister modi on friday said that india will not allow its differences with china to turn into disputes.
;;0.7717;;saying that each country has its own independent strategy, pm modi said in an exclusive interview to hindustan, a sister publication of hindustan times, that indias foreign policy is in the best interests of india.
;;0.25;;the nation worships hard work and valour, said pm modi in rohtak.
;;0.1779;;in a series of tweets, modi also said the government acknowledged the cultural significance of jallikattu but added the matter is presently sub-judice.
;;0.296;;the centre would be supportive of steps taken by the state government, modi said.
;;0.8402;;i am delighted to see all corporate leaders coming together for this cause and would like to congratulate each ceo for their absolutely commendable performance today, said modi , managing director, apac and middle east at monster.com.
;;-0.5106;;your father was termed mr clean by his courtiers, but his life ended as bhrashtachari no 1, modi had said, drawing sharp criticisms from opposition leaders.
;;0.7269;;read: what noida jinx, modi asks as he praises yogi adityanathakhilesh also asked adityanath to call a cabinet meet on monday and re-introduce samajwadi party pension yojana so that women could buy sweaters for their school-going children to whom the government could not provide school uniform sweaters.
;;0.2732;;it has assumed new significance in the changing world, prime minister modi had said at the shangri la dialogue in singapore recently.
;;0.0;;following gandhis statement during the karnataka assembly poll campaign in bengaluru, prime minister modi said the congress president is day-dreaming.
;;0.6319;;prime minister modi told scientists to not lose heart and thanked them for the milestones achieved during this historic attempt.
;;0.0;;raising the pitch of development, modi said jharkhand and chattissgarh came into being along with uttarakhand but they are far ahead in terms of development because bjp was at the helm of affairs.
;;-0.5423;;prime minister modi addressing rallies at jhargram and tamluk in the state monday said that in bengal people are not allowed to chant jai shri ram and that saying it in public places is regarded as a crime here.
;;0.3089;;the world has increasingly become inter-connected and inter-dependent, a transformation that has made it necessary for india and china to cooperate on trade and investments despite a simmering border dispute, prime minister modi said on friday.
;;-0.8573;;but in the last 40 years, not a single bullet has been fired because of border dispute, modi said during a panel discussion at the st. petersburg international economic forum.
;;0.0;;the 24-page st. petersburg declaration, released after his summit with putin, is a testament to india-russia relation, modi said.
;;0.0;;i see people hitting them did people vote us for this, pm modi said.
;;0.6734;;prime minister modi on saturday asked isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn and better tomorrow.
;;-0.8573;;but in the last 40 years, not a single bullet has been fired because of the border dispute, modi said during a panel discussion at an economic event in st petersburg.
;;0.34;;replying to the debate on the motion of thanks to the presidents address, modi said there was a limit to the arrogance of the opposition party as it has put voters in the dock by questioning their verdict.
;;-0.5267;;there is a limit of arrogance, modi said.
;;0.5994;;important to respect our electoral process and democracy, modi said.
;;-0.4019;;modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
;;0.0;;sharad yadav (jd-u) said when he had sought to raise the issue of export duty on wheat and pulses import, modi had said he would listen to him after his intervention was over.
;;0.4939;;prime minister modi yesterday in the second edition of the raisina dialogue said that usa and india will be keep on building the relationship further in regard to the strategic partnership and also pointed out that russia is an abiding friend and the partnership between the old allies has deepened.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi told the 69 nations participating in the three-day dialogue that reforms would not be enough unless it transforms economy and society.
;;0.7579;;read: teesta water deal: one issue where mamata loses nothing by sitting tightat a joint press conference modi said the agreement was crucial for bilateral ties and expressed hope that the bengal chief minister will eventually support it.
;;0.0;;while pakistan had been trying to make maximum noise on kashmir, prime minister modi had on monday told the us president donald trump that dispute on kashmir was a bilateral issue between india and pakistan, in a clear reaffirmation of new delhis staunch opposition to any attempts to internationalise the matter.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi announced rs 1000 crore assistance for odisha and he also did an ariel survey of cyclone ravaged area.
;;0.0772;;and pm modi said if you want to know my opinion about any subject, pick up the phone and talk to me.
;;0.6124;;under indias act east policy, we have sagar -- security and growth for all in the region -- which matches with president widodos global maritime fulcrum, modi said.
;;0.8225;;this decision, aimed at strengthening the countrys unity, will also help the people of jammu and kashmir to realise their aspirations and dreams, pm modi said at the bjp rally in nashik to mark the end of chief minister devendra fadnaviss mahajanadesh yatra ahead of maharashtra state elections.
;;0.1531;;i invite you all to come to india for the kumbh in prayag next year, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;our processes are transparent and sensitive, says pm modi.
;;0.5574;;indias act east policy and the vision of sagar (security and growth for all in the region) matches president widodos maritime fulcrum policy, pm modi said in jakarta.
;;0.4854;;52 am: india-asean partnership is such an important power that can become a guarantee of peace not only in indo-pacific region but also beyond it, pm modi said.
;;0.0;;i will also address the indian community in indonesia, modi said on the eve of his visit.
;;-0.7269;;they fear that modi they might also abandon their wives, mayawati separately said while speaking to a news agency in lucknow on monday.
;;-0.4767;;recently, while inaugurating a multi-speciality hospital in surat, modi had said that doctors write prescriptions in such a way that poor people do not understand their handwriting and they end up buying medicines from private stores at high prices.
;;0.128;;february 15 was a historic day for india as it launched 104 satellites in one go, modi said of the record achieved by the state-run indian space research organisation.
;;0.0;;modi said.
;;0.0;;todays scientist becomes a potent catalyst for enduring change in the lives of our future generations, modi said.
;;-0.8617;;while pm modi asked both us and iran to take de-escalatory steps in the persian gulf with disruption in oil supplies being a very real worst case scenario, his bilateral meeting with saudi arabian crown prince mohammed bin salman at g-20 brought about an assurance from the latter to bridge the oil supplies gap in case the crisis flares up.
;;-0.5106;;pm modi said the people have given a new slogan, remove congress to remove poverty.
;;0.5106;;pm modi said, today, the world identifies the present government as a strong one.
;;0.0772;;taking a jibe at pawar, pm modi said, i have no hopes from the congress but what has happened to sharad rao pawar, who is from the land of legendary chhatrapati shivaji (a medieval ruler in maharashtra)you quit the congress on the issue of nationalism.
;;-0.7269;;pm modi said his government has taken decisive action to combat terrorism.
;;0.6124;;this initiative could have been taken up by congress also, but they are unable to work for anyones benefit but for their family, said pm modi.
;;-0.3612;;the pakistan, which used to suppress us under the congress government, is now dealing with indias strikes , said pm modi.
;;-0.7096;;the numbers will not make a difference to these liars, said pm modi in sikar on congresss claim that 6 surgical strikes were carried out under upa government .
;;0.2023;;i assure the affected people that nation & centre are with them,said pm modi over cyclone fani.
;;-0.0276;;and prime minister modi announced that there are no vips, every indian is a very important person.
;;-0.1027;;since november 8 midnight, when the prime minister modi announced the currency ban, the i-t, enforcement directorate (ed) and the police have seized crores of unaccounted wealth.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister modi said swarajs passing was a personal loss for him.
;;0.8658;;you will soon be able to yield its fruits once you are fit, says pm modi modi11:13 am ist for efficiency at work, physical fitness is necessary: pm modi for efficiency at work, physical fitness is necessary, says pm modi.
;;0.4588;;you have to change your lifestyle to improve your health, says pm modi modi11:00 am ist you download fitness apps then forget about it: pm modi you download fitness apps then forget about it, make a gymming room at your home then keep maids to clean it because you never go there yourself, keep gym appliances in the corner of your room but never really use it, says pm modi modi.
;;0.0;;gandhis remarks came a day after modi told a rally in kannauj in uttar pradesh: behenji (mayawati) is distributing my caste certificate.
;;0.0;;pm modi , who was speaking at an election rally in maharashtra, said, they have been saying chowkidar chor hai for six months but see where bundles of note are being recovered from.
;;0.0;;pm modi said, it has not been six months since the government was formed in madhya pradesh but millions and billions are being recovered from their places.
;;-0.1027;;the sin of buying vote with note has been their (congress) political culture, pm modi said adding, corruption is the task that the congress performs with complete honesty after coming into power.
;;0.7096;;recalling high-value banknotes was a right decision made at the right time as the economy was in good health and there was a brief lull in business after the peak festive season, prime minister modi said on tuesday.
;;-0.2023;;the economy was doing well and thus our decision was taken at the right time, a combative modi said, peppering his speech with stinging attacks on the congress for opposing the demonetisation move.
;;0.3612;;modi said he also was ready to face the consequences.
;;0.0;;modi said the government had taken a series of steps to curb the shadow economy  from applying higher taxes to jewellery and writing a stringent new law against benami property to launching a voluntary income disclosure scheme to enhance compliance.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
;;-0.2023;;the economy was doing well and thus our decision was taken at the right time, a combative modi said, peppering his speech with stinging attacks on opposition.
;;-0.7506;;there is a limit of arrogance, pm modi said, wondering if the victory of the congress in wayanad and rae bareli seats too were defeat of the country.
;;-0.7182;;: pm modi targets congress arrogancereminding the congress that it hadnt won a single seat in 17 states, pm modi said the congresss raising questions about the voting machine to attribute its defeat in the national elections was a function of its leadership.
;;-0.4019;;pm modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
;;0.3612;;modi said that there is a greater need for discussion and awareness on the population explosion.
;;-0.7184;;modi said single-use plastic poses grave threat to the environment.
;;0.9231;;watch| pm modi on i-day: one nation, one constitution dream has been achievedurging citizens too, to pitch in, modi said it would be a good opportunity for the shop owners to advertise with their won cloth bags: shop owners and small entrepreneurs should start gifting their customers cloth bags with their branding and inculcate the good habit in the same stroke.
;;0.0;;asking the people to prefer digital transactions instead of cash transactions, modi told the shopkeepers: you already have a board outside your shops that reads: aaj nagad, kal udhar.
;;0.9042;;stressing on creation of wealth, modi said: wealth creation is a great national service.
;;0.891;;those who create wealth are indias wealth and we respect them, modi said.
;;-0.0516;;and india has, as modi said, overcome the hesitations of history  as we came together to secure a historic agreement to combat climate change, we deepened our defence relationship, and established a new shared network to exchange information on terrorists.
;;0.4215;;gujarat shows that progress and sustainability can be achieved at the same time, said modi addressing a rally in kevadia in narmada district.
;;0.4019;;in his speech, modi said sardar sarovar dam and the worlds tallest statue symbolize patels willpower and determination.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi on tuesday told bharatiya janata party mps to undertake a 150-km padyatra (foot march) in their constituencies to mark the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;modi told mps that everyone should carry out a 150-km-long padayatra in their constituencies during the period starting from october 2, the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi, to october 31, the birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel, joshi told reporters after the meeting.
;;0.3818;;modi said the programme should be apolitical and asked parliamentarians to ensure maximum participation of the local people.
;;-0.4404;;modi also asked partys rajya sabha members to visit constituencies where the bjp organisation is weak.
;;-0.5574;;president trump had made the mediation offer during khans white house visit in july with a claim that even prime minister modi had asked him to, which was swiftly and summarily denied by new delhi, and reiterated that the kashmir issue can only be resolved bilaterally, and only after pakistan stopped supporting terrorism.
;;-0.6808;;with the country gearing up for the sixth phase of voting for the lok sabha elections 2019 on sunday, prime minister modi has said the award-wapsi gang has shied away from standing up for the dalit woman who was raped in alwar last month.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot, pm modi said both the state government and the rajasthan police were busy covering up the incident in an obvious attempt to deflect attention from the law and order situation in the state.
;;0.0644;;during my visits to the state i have seen the yearning for change, but people close to the congress have started propagating a lie that there will be a hung assembly this time, modi said.
;;0.1779;;modi said the one aspect where no party could defeat the bjp was its organsational strength.
;;-0.3412;;till we uproot the congress mindset we cannot hope for change, modi said.
;;0.4019;;with 15 days left for the polls, modi said it was time that every party worker was given about 10 families to visit.
;;-0.3818;;the government had set december 30 deadline for depositing junked bills in banks when prime minister modi on november 8 announced the recall of the two high-value notes that accounted for 86  of the cash in circulation.
;;0.1027;;prime minister modi had announced the defence corridor in uttar pradesh at investors summit in february last.
;;-0.2263;;read: jallikattu protests: pm modi says govt taking steps to fulfil tamil nadus cultural aspirationsfor the past one year, the aiadmk mps have been seeking appointments with the prime minister to take up state issues, thambidurai said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , however, announced the decision on november 8 last year.
;;-0.765;;read|demonetisation has been monumental management failure, says manmohanchidambaram castigated modi for quoting from madhav godboles book in which the former bureaucrat claimed that former pm indira gandhi had rejected the idea of demonetisation telling then finance minister yb chavan about electoral compulsions.
;;-0.8402;;on november 8, modi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes as part of the combat against the menace of black money, corruption and terror funding.
;;0.6486;;we have travelled from zero to mars, we have travelled from upanishad to upagrah, modi said in his address to thousands of innovators and engineers at indias biggest innovation fest named smart india hackathon.
;;0.4404;;prime minister modi said last month that the government was looking at such a law to improve affordability of medicines in the country of 1.
;;0.25;;modi said the opposition wanted to strip the armed forces of their special powers, while the nda government wanted to give full liberty to jawans to deal with terrorists and naxals.
;;0.5719;;talking of farmers, modi said the congress had no interest in doing good for farmers.
;;0.0;;touching local issues, modi said supply of cooking gas to households through pipeline, besides availability of cng, would be ensured here in near future.
;;0.0;;months before prime minister modi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
;;-0.5423;;prime minster modi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022, and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the bjp out of power, he added.
;;-0.5423;;what harm they see, i do not understand, said sushil modi.
;;0.0772;;aug 15, 2015: modi said india must be number 1 in startups, coining the slogan start-up india and stand up india.
;;0.296;;duration of speech: 95 minsaug 15, 2017: modi asked kashmiris to join mainstream, famously said, na gaali se na goli se, kashmir ki samasya suljhegi gale lagane se.
;;0.0;;aug 15, 2018: modi announced ayushman bharat health insurance scheme.
;;-0.6597;;if something is wrong, let us admit it and not live in denial simply because prime minister modi has said it is wrong, she said.
;;0.6369;;pm modi said he gives highest importance to cultural values of the state.
;;0.0;;over 86 weeks, mumbai citizens got together and worked towards making this a reality, said modi adding, the entire credit for this goes to versova residents volunteers (vrv) and their leader afroz shah, who began the clean-up in october 2015.
;;0.8442;;i would like to congratulate shah and vrv for putting together this mass movement to clean the environment and bringing together citizens from different walks of life to be part of this change for a cleaner india, modi said.
;;0.0;;mulayam said that because of akhilesh, the prime minister modi said the one who cannot be of his father, can't be of anyone else.
;;0.34;;vehicle registration at the city rtos dropped last year, after prime minister modi announced his decision to scrap high value notes on november 8, said rto sources.
;;0.7698;;do you know who this leader is, he is very close to the gandhi family this leader was a very good friend of rajiv gandhi and guru of congress naamdar (dynast) president, modi said at a rally in rohtak on friday.
;;-0.25;;in his petition, modi said he felt hurt by gandhis sweeping remarks at the april 13 rally, which was telecast live on tv news channels, as it tarnished the reputation of those who shared the surname.
;;0.0;;i have said the same in this house also, pm modi said.
;;-0.4019;;in this lok sabha debate, the same people did not even speak of manmohan ji because people outside the family dont get anything (credit), pm modi said, responding to a discussion in the lok sabha that mirrored the acrimonious campaign during the recent national elections.
;;-0.5195;;pm modi said he didnt like making this point but was forced by congress leaders who repeatedly accuse him of cornering credit.
;;0.0;;pm modi said: we are being taunted for not putting them in jail.
;;0.0;;we have got so much from our country we dont need to sway from the right path, pm modi said.
;;0.128;;prime minister modi has repeatedly said that the north-east is at the heart of governments act east policy, a rechristening of the look east policy launched by pv narasimha rao government in early 1990s.
;;0.2732;;the act east policy requires increased people to people contact, trade ties and other relations with countries to indias east, particularly asean members, modi said in guwahati in february.
;;0.0;;i kept waiting for her to call back, pm modi said.
;;0.9287;;we have been working speedily in all sectors, whether it is the jal jeevan mission, respect and help for each and every farmer in the country, setting free our muslim women from the malaise of triple talaq, or laws for strengthening childrens security, said modi.
;;0.7579;;earlier, launching major metro railway-related infrastructure projects worth over rs 20,000 crore for mumbai, modi said that these would help make the lives of mumbaikars easy and time-saving.
;;0.0;;when the country is moving towards becoming a $5-trillion economy, its imperative for our cities also to take simultaneous strides into the 21st century, for which the government will spend rs 100 lakh-crore over the next five years, modi said.
;;0.0772;;prime minister modi said that as far he knows, the previous united progressive alliance (upa) government did not launch any surgical strikes as claimed by the former prime minister manmohan singh in an interview with hindustan times last week.
;;-0.3612;;modi said that the army chiefs in charge at the time have said they do not have any information on such strikes.
;;-0.5574;;first with the surgical strike and now with the air strike, we have sent the message that there will now be significant costs to sponsoring terror, modi said.
;;-0.8442;;also read: exclusive| we are deciding direction india takes: pm modicommenting on the recent un listing of jems masood azhar as a global terrorist after china withdrew its technical hold on such a listing, modi said everyone was wrongly describing this as a china-related issue when, in reality, it is about global terror.
;;0.7506;;looking relaxed as he spoke to ht in his 7, lok kalyan marg residence, modi said he is confident about coming back to office, and has been from his first day as pm  may 26, 2014.
;;0.7453;;the 2019 elections are special because this is the first time those born in the 21st century are voting, and these people are not burdened by the past but are in pursuit of a better future, modi said.
;;0.2732;;in a subsequent interview, prime minister modi said he could never find it in his heart to forgive her.
;;0.6369;;india needs a movement akin to the freedom movement for its development, prime minister modi said on saturday.
;;0.7783;;similar to the freedom movement, we need a movement for development, where the collective aspirations propel the countrys growth, modi said, addressing the india today conclave in mumbai via video link.
;;-0.7351;;for several decades, we had embarked in wrong directions with wrong policies, modi said.
;;-0.6597;;seeking to allay apprehensions over some policies of his government, modi said, this is not an ideology to destroy systems.
;;0.6597;;we have changed the work culture, modi said adding the emphasis now is on re-engineering the processes to improve efficiency.
;;0.0;;the technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years, modi said adding the aspirations of the youths have to be kept in mind in this era.
;;0.5994;;the time for talking is over and the world needs to act now, modi said, and, recounting indias aspirations and actions in this regard such as increased reliance on renewable energy, he aligned himself with the spirit of the summit called by un secretary general antonio guterres to implement and advance the paris accord, and participants that included a mix of political and business leaders and activists.
;;0.0772;;modi said he believes not enough is being done to meet the challenges posed by climate change.
;;0.6597;;in january 2018, prime minister modi said that all political parties should come together to support the idea as a lot of financial and human resources are used for frequent elections.
;;0.6249;;indiaupdated: aug 26, 2019 01:31 istit is time india moved beyond conservation and thought about compassion to create an environment where nature and wildlife can flourish, prime minister modi said on sunday.
;;0.7351;;economic gains are no longer easy to come by, said pm modi , who went on to cite the barriers to effective multilateralism.
;;0.4939;;the agreement that was exchanged just now has institutionalised this understanding, modi said.
;;-0.1779;;read: the abu dhabi crown prince as the r-day guest suggests indias renewed west asia focusour shared concern on growing threat from radicalism and terrorism to the safety and security of our people is shaping our cooperation in this space, modi said.
;;0.4019;;referring to the i-t raids on close aides of madhya pradesh chief minister kamal nath, modi said the opposition party wants to be in power to loot.
;;0.1027;;modi said that he wants to discuss iran, 5g, bilateral relations and defence relations with trump.
;;0.2023;;twitter.com/eafmxfmrfz  ani (@ani) june 28, 20197:04 am ist pm modi said he wants to discuss iran, 5g, bilateral relations and defence relations with donald trump pm modi said that he wants to discuss iran, 5g, bilateral relations and defence relations with trump.
;;0.0;;expressing condolence on the demise of ahamed, prime minister modi said the formers empowerment of the muslim community would be remembered.
;;-0.4215;;in a renewed push to swachh bharat, prime minister modi has said that 4,000 towns will see new litter bins for segregated waste on june 5, the world environment day.
;;-0.8126;;if we follow discipline, then the waste bins will collect dry garbage in blue waste bins and liquid garbage in green waste bins, modi announced on sunday in his monthly radio programme, mann ki baat.
;;-0.8316;;speaking about the steps being taken by the government to address the grievances, complaints and petitions of the migrant workers, prime minister modi in his address to the pbd-2017 earlier on sunday said that strict action is being taken against illegal recruitment agents in india.
;;0.0;;addressing bread-and-butter issues such as electricity and roads has been among the big achievements of the national democratic alliance government, prime minister modi said.
;;0.4019;;on a related note, you may have observed an interesting phenomenon in this election, modi said in the second part of an interview with hindustan times (part 1 was carried on wednesday and featured his views on the political situation and other issues).
;;0.6187;;modi, 68, said the government had also expended a lot of effort in mitigating water problems too, but that had not hit the headlines of newspapers as it should have, adding that the governments priorities were to supply adequate water to farms and clean drinking water in both cities and villages.
;;-0.3197;;asked to pick the governments most significant policy campaign from among initiatives such as swachh bharat, ayushman bharat, the health insurance scheme for the poor; and the pradhan mantri awas yojana aimed at providing the poor affordable housing, modi said each had contributed to improving the lives of the people.
;;0.0;;in an interview for a tv news channel, modi said people voted on demonetisation during the 2017 assembly election in uttar pradesh and on gst in the 2018 assembly election in gujarat.
;;0.0;;it is the first time in many years that a government which had a majority is coming back to power, pm modi said at his first press conference in five years.
;;-0.3182;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 10:46 isthours after indias moon mission took a hit when the vikram lander lost contact with isros control centre in bengaluru in the final minutes, prime minister modi told indian space scientists on saturday that there will be a new dawn.
;;0.3919;;our determination to touch moon has become even stronger, we came very close but we need to cover more grounds, modi said in a pep talk to the scientists.
;;0.0;;modi said chandrayaan 2 may not have gone according to plan in the last stage, but the journey has been exceptional.
;;0.0;;indias economic growth of 7  during october-december has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after prime minister modi announced on november 8 the demonetisation exercise, which weeded out 86  of the currency notes in circulation.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister modi said swarajs passing was a personal loss for him.
;;0.0;;modi, in return, might announce a direct flight connecting houston and india.
;;-0.875;;prime minister modi said on tuesday the arrogance of pakistan and terrorists had vanished after the balakot air strikes by the indian army.
;;0.0;;i live for the country and therefore seek vote for the country, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said the mahamilavatis were asking the caste of modi.
;;-0.5106;;modi said after six rounds of voting it had become clear that the opposition was losing and its leaders were angry.
;;-0.8934;;insisting that the opposition had failed, modi said, those who failed to control street goons cannot be expected to rein in the terrorists.
;;0.128;;i am throwing an open challenge to the mahamilawati people that instead of hurling abuses at me, they should accept my challenge and prove if i have acquired any benami property, built any farmhouse, bungalow or shopping complex, or deposited money in any foreign bank, purchased property abroad or bought vehicles worth lakhs and crores, modi said.
;;-0.5574;;citing a recent clash between sp and bsp workers in ghazipur, modi said, the workers of sp and bsp were hitting each other, hurling abuses, tearing each others clothes, and the entire country witnessed this.
;;-0.926;;in another speech in varanasi, modi said 42 terrorists were killed to avenge the death of 40 troopers in pulwama.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said on december 31, 2016.
;;0.4588;;highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology, prime minister modi on tuesday asked young tax officials to be people-centric.
;;0.3612;;during saturdays meeting with rao, modi asked the kids to sing and then promised one of them that he would come back to have rice and dalma with him.
;;-0.5423;;prime minister modi addressing rallies at jhargram and tamluk in the state monday said that in bengal people are not allowed to chant jai shri ram and that saying it in public places is regarded as a crime here.
;;0.0;;this government might be called the siddaramaiah government, but in reality it is a seedha rupaiya (cash upfront) sarkar where everything is done with seedha rupaiya, modi said.
;;0.7184;;modi said the state government was only interested in keeping its leaders in new delhi happy and giving crumbs to those who were unhappy.
;;-0.6115;;this is probably the most anger any government has faced, modi said.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister modi , while addressing an election rally at himmatnagar in gujarat on wednesday, said that the upa government had tried to topple the then gujarat government and had falsely implicated and jailed the now bjp president amit shah and gujarati police officers.
;;-0.4767;;in an indirect reference to the alleged fake encounter cases, including the sohrabbudin sheikh and ishrat jahan, modi said, from 2004 to 2014, a remote controlled government ruled from delhi.
;;-0.6808;;bringing up the issue of terrorism and the air-strike at balakot in pakistan, modi said, you tell me, in the pulwama massacre.
;;0.7003;;49pm: pm modi says he admires nepals spirit of resilience and commitment towards democracy.
;;0.4939;;i congratulate you on this, says modi.
;;0.0;;46pm: in 2016, india and france envisioned a global partnership in the area of climate change and, in march, the international solar alliance brought together nations from across the world, says pm modi.
;;0.3182;;39pm: pm modi says the next time he visits nepal he will make sure to lord buddhas birthplace lumbini.
;;0.0;;this city showcases the culture of nepal, says modi.
;;0.4939;;30pm: you have honoured me and 125 crore indians, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;releasing the bjp sankalp patra, or manifesto, for lok sabha elections 2019 on monday, prime minister modi said the government was moving ahead with one mission and one direction.
;;0.743;;during the conversation, modi said fulfilling peoples dreams gave him happiness and his focus is on development.
;;-0.5583;;modi said he never had a good answer about nervousness as it was not a part of his temperament.
;;0.0;;when grylls asked whether he had ever dreamt of becoming prime minister, modi said his focus has always been the development of the nation.
;;0.0;;today, if i consider this time as a vacation, then i must say i am taking a vacation for the first time in 18 years, modi said.
;;-0.5106;;recalling his childhood years, modi said though there was poverty, his family was always connected with nature.
;;0.6486;;modi said, god takes care of everything.
;;0.0;;modi said he left home when he was in his teens and spent his time in the himalayas.
;;0.4019;;xis assurance to khan comes a day after prime minister modi told him during bilateral talks that pakistan needs to create an atmosphere clear of terror.
;;-0.296;;the bjp mp from unnao said, prime minister modi said a crematorium should be constructed next to a graveyard.
;;0.0;;i also look forward to meeting other global leaders attending the eastern economic forum, and interacting with indian industry and business representatives participating in it, modi said.
;;0.8225;;our strong partnership is complemented by a desire to promote a multi-polar world and the two countries closely cooperate towards this end in regional and multilateral fora, modi said in his departure statement.
;;0.34;;noting that indias act east policy had helped the country engage east asia, modi said: todays announcement will be the take-off point for act far east and i firmly believe this step will add a new chapter in our economic diplomacy.
;;0.4019;;as part of preparations for his visit, modi said, several union ministers, chief ministers of four states and 150 indian businessmen travelled to the far east and met their counterparts to boost trade.
;;0.5106;;vladivostok could serve as a springboard to markets in northeast asia and the far east could unite the eurasian union and an open, free and inclusive indo-pacific, modi said.
;;-0.0772;;answering a question following about sanctions imposed on oil trade, modi said there was a debate on how such measures affect the global economy.
;;0.4767;;as far as the gems and jewellery sector is concerned our aim should not only be make in india but also design in india, modi said at a public function at surat, the diamond hub of the country.
;;0.2263;;modi asked after inaugurating a diamond cutting unit of a gems and jewellery firm.
;;0.4019;;we need to make consumers across the globe interested in designed in india jewellery, modi said.
;;0.7574;;in his press statement after holding talks with sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyan, the crown prince of abu dhabi and deputy supreme commander of the uae armed forces, modi said he held very fruitful and productive discussions and that the talks particularly focused on implementation of various decisions taken during their last two meetings.
;;0.4939;;twitter.com/or9ue7gkvb  pmo india (@pmoindia) 25 january 2017we agreed to sustain the momentum of our relations in key areas including energy and investments, modi said.
;;-0.1154;;india is committed to protecting climate, irrespective the paris agreement, prime minister modi said on friday but avoided a direct reference to the us withdrawing from the international deal.
;;0.128;;paris or no paris, our commitment to preserving the climate is for the sake of future generations, modi said while responding to a question about us president donald trump announcing withdrawal of the usa from the climate change deal.
;;0.3818;;for the last 5000 years, even when i was not born, it has been the tradition in india to protect the environment, modi said.
;;-0.2617;;prime minister modi on friday said the digidhan movement was not only about curbing corruption, but also about giving a voice to the poor.
;;0.3818;;seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions, modi said for every person introduced to the bhim app, one will get a cashback of rs 10.
;;0.5994;;this will make digital payments easy even for those who cannot read or write, thus realising ambedkars vision of social and financial empowerment for all, modi said.
;;0.0;;transactions can be possible (even) with less cash, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said that day was not far when reputed universities of the world will come to india to conduct case studies on the bhim-aadhaar app.
;;0.4939;;now, the thumb (used for aadhaar-based transactions) has become your strength, said modi.
;;0.8807;;dwelling on the importance india attached to renewable energy, modi said, one of the sectors to which we devote significant efforts is renewable energy, which is vital in the 21st century.
;;0.4019;;modi, who also laid the foundation stones for an iim, an iiit and an aiims at nagpur, said, the projects inaugurated today will help our youngsters.
;;-0.4588;;on wednesday, replying to the debate on the presidents address to parliament, modi said, when the congress faces defeat, they claim that the entire electoral process is flawed.
;;0.0;;, modi told the rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had announced the procurement of a batch of 36 rafale jets after talks with the then french president francois hollande on april 10, 2015 in paris.
;;0.0;;a similar situation prevails on the rs 80,068 crore aid package modi announced on november 7, 2015 for jammu and kashmir, where the bjp is a junior partner in the ruling coalition.
;;-0.5267;;i had heard of the threat long back, modi said in the lok sabha, in an apparent reference to rahuls comments.
;;0.4019;;modi said even before congress party was born, lakhs of countrymen had made sacrifice for independence and referred to the 1857 sepoy revolt.
;;0.6173;;modi said india welcomed suggestions from the us on many matters but did not reach out to other countries to resolve bilateral issues with pakistan.
;;-0.8316;;modi said there were many bilateral issues between india and pakistan and that he had told khan soon after his election last year that the two countries have to fight poverty, illiteracy and disease.
;;0.8316;;modi also said he intended to hold a roundtable with ceos of top energy companies in houston during his us visit to see how to import more energy from the us and to boost indian investments in the us energy sector.
;;0.0;;modi also told trump india is now in a forward-looking position on trade issues following his re-election and he reiterated his offer to send commerce minister piyush goyal to washington to discuss all trade issues.
;;-0.8167;;prime minister modi on friday said that terrorism is the biggest threat to humanity which not only kills innocents but also severely affects the economic development and social stability.
;;-0.8481;;speaking at the informal brics leaders meeting in osaka, modi said that there is a need to stop all the mediums of support to terrorism and racism.
;;-0.7003;;in a scathing attack on abhishek banerjee, pm modi said he will lose the elections this time and once the results are announced, his office would be locked.
;;0.0;;said modi.
;;0.0;;on april 29, prime minister modi said at a rally in west bengal that 40 tmc legislators were in touch with him.
;;0.3182;;modi said india has much to offer and if domestic tourism increases, international footfalls too will increase.
;;0.0;;in december, prime minister modi had already announced an entitlement of ?
;;0.0;;according to reports, modi told pawar that fadnavis would take a call on loan waiver.
;;0.4404;;elections are being held all the time somewhere or else in the country and continuous elections lead to lot of expenditure, modi had said replying to the debate in the lok sabha on the motion of thanks to the presidents address.
;;-0.7783;;security forces also have to be diverted for electoral works across the year even while enemy country keeps plotting against the nation and terrorism remains a strong threat, modi had said.
;;0.0;;ahead of his departure for china, modi had told mediapersons that he and xi will review the developments in india-china relations from a strategic and long-term perspective during their interaction.
;;0.6369;;union minister dharmendra pradhan, who undertook a visit to the cyclone-hit areas of puri district, stated modi has said that all help for relief and restoration of the affected people will be provided.
;;0.7964;;this dynamic force plays a vital role in securing key units and establishments across india, modi said on twitter.
;;0.5106;;prime minster modi on saturday asked the youth of india to tweet and sensitise the opposition about the importance of allowing parliament to function as many important bills necessary to take the country forward were pending.
