;;0.5267;;modi said both india and france worked together positively under different circumstances.
;;0.9231;;hailing the friendship shared between the two nations, modi said any achievement made by either france or india evokes good reactions from the people of either country and cited the example of how indian fans were excited and happy to see france lift the football world cup in 2018.
;;0.4767;;in fact, i think the number of football fans for france is more in india than in france itself, modi said amidst a thunderous applause.
;;-0.6808;;modi said in new india , the way in which action is being taken against corruption, nepotism, loot of people's money and terrorism , this has never happened before.
;;0.5314;;thiruvananthapuram: cpm state secretary modi has asked the bjp state leadership to persuade the central government to clear the proposal for an elevated highway at thaliparamba if they really support the protesters in keezhattur the state government has submitted such a proposal to the centre.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had told a goa delegation on february 7 that he would look for a resolution to restart mining operations.
;;0.0;;i also keep myself abreast of related issues in social media, modi had said.
;;-0.4336;;congress has decided not to project diggy raja to hide its misdeeds during 55 years of its rule so that people forget it, modi said.
;;0.3612;;i would like to announce that we have set aim to eradicate it from india five years ahead by 2025, modi said.
;;0.296;;i have written to all chief ministers to join this mission, modi said.
;;-0.0772;;listing out the steps taken by his government, modi said flagship programmes like swachch bharat abhiyan and providing lgp connections for a smokeless kitchen under ujjwala bharat yojana would also reduce the dangers of contracting the disease.
;;0.3612;;noting that tb was associated with social stigma and patients often hesitated to reveal their disease, modi said that willpower was key to win over the disease.
;;0.0;;targeting the previous governments, modi said an immunisation programme has been going on for the last 30-35 years and despite this, the country could not achieve the target of complete coverage till 2014.
;;-0.1779;;modi, who was speaking at a function here to launch national animal disease control programme (nadcp), said environment and livestock had always been at the core of the countrys economic thought and philosophy, even as his remarks attracted criticism of congress spokesperson shama mohammad and aimims asaduddin owaisi the prime ministers clubbing the opposition to cow protection with those who frown on the use of om, an integral part of hindu culture, marks an important turn in the old political and ideological feud over cow protection that was re-ignited after bjps victory in 2014 with instances of lynching by alleged cow vigilantes.
;;0.128;;inaugurating pashu arogya mela, where he also launched 'swachata hi sewa' campaign, modi said the country must get rid of single-use plastics by october 2, the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.2449;;so many solutions can be found through our start-ups, modi said.
;;0.7506;;earlier, greeting mathura residents with radhe radhe, modi said this was his first visit to the town after bjps mammoth win in the recent lok sabha polls.
;;0.5023;;co/77ycayrajs  niti aayog (@nitiaayog) 1560596782000new delhi: the goal of making india a $5 trillion economy by 2024 is challenging, but achievable with the concerted efforts of states, prime minister modi said at the fifth meeting of niti aayog 's governing council in the national capital on saturday.
;;0.2617;;pm modi said that the goal to make india a $5 trillion economy by 2024 is challenging but can surely be achieved and stressed that the states should recognise their core competence, and work towards raising gdp targets right from the district level.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi digitally announced the launch of the hubs at sher-e-kashmir international convention centre (skicc), srinagar , on sunday.
;;0.0;;we have decided to meet prime minister modi and railway minister very shorty, bjp spokesperson mir firasat ali baqri said.
;;0.0;;in his keynote address, modi had said an asia of rivalry will hold the region back while an asia of cooperation will shape the current century.
;;-0.8167;;osaka: prime minister modi on friday said that terrorism is the biggest threat to humanity which not only kills innocents but also severely affects the economic development and social stability.
;;-0.8481;;speaking at the informal brics leaders' meeting in osaka, modi said that there is a need to stop all the mediums of support to terrorism and racism.
;;-0.2263;;see how institutions are misused, said modi in his first public response to the verdict which bjp has hailed as the validation of its charge of political conspiracy under upa to frame its president amit shah and others.
;;-0.296;;modi also said that rafale allegations levelled by rahul gandhi had no weight.
;;-0.4404;;the indian government has denied trump's astonishing claim that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate.
;;0.7003;;the simla agreement and the lahore declaration provide the basis to resolve all issues between india and pakistan bilaterally, india said on monday, refuting that prime minister modi ever asked for us mediation on kashmir.
;;0.0;;defending his party's stand on sabarimala , modi said: india is of one opinion that everyone should get their due rights.
;;0.7351;;terming the opposition parties coming together as 'maha milavat', adulterated club of the rich joining hands to promote their dynasties, modi said the people of tamil nadu and india would reject them.
;;0.0258;;modi said the good work by the nda government had made some people unhappy.
;;0.3612;;during a poll campaign in assam in april, 2014, modi had said his government would grant st status to six communities of assam if he is voted back to power.
;;0.765;;you will always be welcome, modi said before a lunch with over 100 ceosaddressing a gathering of the global elite at the opening session of the world economic forums annual meet, which has a theme  creating a shared future in a fractured world  the pm also made not-sosubtle references to americas rising protectionism and regression on climate change under president donald trump , chinas stubborn defence of terrorists promoted by its partner pakistan as well as its exploitation of the natural resources of its partner countries.
;;-0.9796;;terrorism is a big threat but an even bigger threat is when you give definitions like good terrorism and bad terrorism, modi said, adding that the other big worry was radicalisation of educated youth.
;;-0.4404;;while pointing out how there were few trade deals and tariff and non-tariff barriers were increasingly being used to block exports, modi said overseas investments were also being impacted.
;;0.0;;it is relevant to bridge distances, modi said.
;;0.296;;this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister modi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
;;0.128;;'i have launched an initiative to double farmers' incomes by 2022, said pm modi.
;;0.7579;;new delhi: using his last speech in the 16th lok sabha to drive home benefits of a majority government, prime minister modi on wednesday said security in numbers led to distinct advantages on the international stage and faster decision making as compared to a disparate gathbandhan.
;;0.3818;;claiming that india's stature at the global level had reached an all-time high in the past five years, modi said this was possible because there was a full majority and stable government in contrast to the preceding 30 years, the phase of coalitions when the leadership lacked decisiveness.
;;0.0;;the world acknowledges a majority government, modi said.
;;0.2023;;with opposition parties targeting the government over dalit protests, modi said bjp mps and other leaders will spend a night between april 14 and may 5 in over 20,844 villages with over 50 per cent population of scheduled castes and tribes to inform the masses about the centre's various measures aimed at their welfare.
;;0.872;;on a day the bjp is celebrating its 38th foundation day, modi said it has become the largest party due to people's blessings and tireless efforts of its workers and also paid tributes to many of its late leaders and workers.
;;0.8555;;gandhidham: if india wants to cement its position in world trade and make maximum gains from the current global economic situation , it is a must that it has efficient ports that have best infrastructure, prime minister modi said here on monday.
;;0.6369;;if india has to grab a bigger piece of global trade and surge ahead in competition, it is a must that we have the best of the ports, said modi , the first prime minister to visit port city gandhidham after 33 years.
;;0.6705;;referring to the chabahar port in iran, where india is investing $20 million, modi said that it would have direct linkages to kandla that would help this major port gaining a firm footing in global trade.
;;0.0;;this is possible only in bjp governments, modi said, adding that the refinery will change the fate and face of barmer.
;;-0.4243;;what they have done in the name of loan waiver for farmers will go down in history as one of the most cruel jokes on farmers, modi had said at a rally recently.
;;0.0;;but congress doesnt even know the d of development, said modi addressing a public meeting at nilgiri ground in limbayat on thursday.
;;-0.0772;;modi said his government inherited a country that was in complete mess due to congress rule and it would take at least 25 years to restore the order.
;;0.0;;modi said his government has focussed on three s  skill, scale and speed, which are being applied to all development projects.
;;-0.8737;;referring to the opposition partys string electoral losses, modi said, congress is highly frustrated and depressed after being wiped out from the countrys map.
;;0.2323;;talking about demonetisation, modi claimed that it had not caused any harm to the common man, but it is congress which felt the pinch.
;;-0.1531;;about 4 crore vehicles add to the existing ones anually and prime minister modi has said if roads are not developed, it would create a problem, the minister added.
;;0.0;;modi said gaur served people for decades and transformed the state.
;;-0.836;;today, we misuse technology and kill girls in the womb of the mother, modi said, adding that the damage being done through generations would take another two to three generations to be rectified.
;;0.0;;but congress doesnt even know the d of development, said modi addressing a public meeting at nilgiri ground in limbayat on thursday.
;;-0.0772;;modi said his government inherited a country that was in complete mess due to congress rule and it would take at least 25 years to restore the order.
;;0.0;;modi said his government has focussed on three s  skill, scale and speed, which are being applied to all development projects.
;;0.296;;panaji: modi , younger brother of prime minister modi , said he doesn't feel the need to join politics.
;;0.4939;;confident of his return, modi had said he will be back with the programme on the last sunday of may.
;;0.4019;;while discontinuing the programme, modi had said he was doing so keeping in mind healthy democratic traditions.
;;-0.2732;;thiruvananthapuram: cpm state secretary modi has asked banking major state bank of india (sbi) to withdraw the revised service charges for transactions that is being slapped on customers since april 1.
;;0.296;;launching the bjp's poll campaign for the next month's maharashtra assembly elections, modi said a lot of efforts are being made from across the border to foment violence in jammu and kashmir we have to create a new paradise (in kashmir).
;;0.0;;the decision to revoke provisions under article 370 was a decision for the unity of india, modi said.
;;-0.0516;;modi said, we had promised that we will make new efforts to curb the problems in jammu and kashmir and ladakh.
;;-0.8658;;this decision was taken to bring out people of jammu and kashmir and ladakh from violence, terrorism, separatism and corruption, modi said.
;;-0.4404;;cattle don't vote, modi said on criticism that his government's programme to vaccinate 50 crore livestock is a political move.
;;0.3612;;read morevladivostok: prime minister modi on thursday said the sanctions imposed by the us on russia have no effect on india bolstering cooperation with moscow in strategic sectors like energy and defence.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi said indian companies have made investments in russian oil and gas sector and russian firms have investments in energy, defence and technology transfer to india.
;;-0.0;;new delhi: about 70  houses sanctioned under the pm awas yojana pmay ) for the poor are in the name of women, prime minister modi said on tuesday while linking his government's flagship programme to the dignity of people.
;;-0.6597;;earlier people used to say one spends his entire life to get a house, now people live their entire life in their own house, modi said while claiming the government has put more focus on the women, poor, sc/ st, tribal, physically challenged, minorities and the vulnerable sections under this scheme.
;;0.802;;modi said one of the focus of his government has been to free the housing sector from middlemen, corruption and ensuring that the beneficiaries get their own home without hassles.
;;0.4215;;drawing a comparison of the speed of sanctioning projects, modi said while during congress rule only 25 lakh houses were sanctioned in villages, in the past 48 months his government has approved more than a crore.
;;0.0;;inaugurating dr ambedkar international centre here, modi said his government laid the foundation for the building in 2015 and completed it before the deadline though the project had remained a non-starter since it was conceived in 1992.
;;-0.9607;;london: amid a nationwide outrage over the kathua and unnao rape cases, prime minister modi today said rape is rape and should not be politicised.
;;-0.8852;;vadodara: prime minister modi , addressing a public rally here on sunday night, asked his predecessor manmohan singh why did he not show the courage to order a surgical strike post the 26/11 mumbai terror attack, despite the readiness of the army.
;;0.0;;under whose advice did he (singh) do so, modi asked the gathering at the navlakhi compound here.
;;-0.8985;;sadly, the then government did not show the courage to do that, modi said and cited the example of his government's action in the aftermath of the uri terror attack in september last year.
;;0.0;;modi said the reason behind his vacating the vadodara lok sabha seat in 2014 was for blossoming the lotus in uttar pradesh and replicating the gujarat model of development in that state.
;;0.4404;;modi said when he was the chief minister of gujarat, he used to take permission from the manmohan singh-led upa government at the centre before holding a meeting with a foreign dignitary.
;;0.6705;;washington: president donald trump does not make up things, a top presidential advisor said on tuesday when asked about a question on his stunning claim that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, remarks which has been strongly refuted by india.
;;-0.6369;;his claim that pm modi asked him to mediate the kashmir conflict denied categorically by delhi.
;;0.0;;trump, who is known to make inaccurate statements, claimed that prime minister modi asked him to mediate on kashmir when they met in osaka, japan on the sidelines of the g20 summit last month.
;;-0.872;;pmo india (@pmoindia) 1495596607000new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday announced ex gratia of rs two lakh for the next of kin of each of those killed in a bus accident in uttarakhand my prayers and solidarity with those who lost their loved ones in the unfortunate bus accident in uttarkashi .
;;-0.4019;;may the injured recover soon, modi said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;talking about the fate of gathbandhan, pm modi said, a trailer of this gathbandhan (alliance) is visible.
;;0.4019;;today when the foundation has been laid, and our goals are being achieved, our citizens can estimate just how much can be achieved in the next five years, modi told party cadres.
;;-0.6908;;a day after bjp chief amit shah invoked the third battle of panipat as a rallying cry for the the lok sabha polls , modi told the convention that saturday marks the anniversary of jija bai, mother of maratha king shivaji.
;;0.0;;modi said he has led a government whose record was spotless.
;;0.4464;;referring to the ayodhya land dispute case , modi told party cadres neither to forget nor to let the people forget about how congress has tried to slow down an early verdict in the case.
;;-0.0572;;the congress does not want resolution of the issue, modi said.
;;0.765;;pm modi told trump that given its energy, diaspora and economic interests, india wants peace and stability in the region.
;;0.0;;those who have been left out will get it soon, modi told the gathering at the fertiliser corporation of india ground here.
;;0.6597;;this scheme has been made foolproof and will be implemented with complete transparency, modi said and asked state governments to come forward with list of farmers who would be its beneficiaries.
;;0.0;;modi said the third phase of the project was also the first metro line being undertaken as per the new metro policy.
;;-0.34;;modi said in the past four-and-a-half-years, his government has constantly stressed on infrastructure and speed of connectivity through highways, railways, airways, waterways and i-way.
;;0.0;;modi said atal bihari vajpayees government had given momentum to the expansion of metro networks .
;;-0.2124;;congress will never understand people's problems, which only a poor chaiwala can, modi said.
;;-0.5994;;on demonetisation, modi said his decision to ban notes has shaken congress to the core after the black money that they had hoarded turned valueless and was taken away in one stroke .
;;0.4404;;appreciating the voter turnout in the first phase of assembly elections for 18 seats in chhattisgarh on november 12, modi said people of bastar gave a befitting reply (to naxalites) by turning out in record numbers and that the same was expected in the second phase.
;;0.0;;we reviewed the scope of our bilateral cooperation and discussed ways to deepen it even further, modi said in a tweet.
;;0.1665;;new delhi: there is nothing wrong about raising aspirations and expectations as this is an expression of faith and a negative atmosphere is not conducive to achievement, prime minister modi said on tuesday in response to a students question on how he dealt with the weight of public expectation.
;;0.5574;;terming aspiration as a positive sign in society, modi said india should have 1.
;;-0.3612;;talking about depression, modi said: students living in hostels can also find some senior or a person with whom they can share their feelings.
;;-0.0516;;there is a likelihood that rates might increase due to inflationary tendencies of high crude oil prices which will translate into higher consumer price index, said modi , founder and ceo, samco securities.
;;0.3612;;though modi in an interaction with the chief secretaries had said gem could provide efficiency, savings and transparency in government procurement, it minister and info-tech corp chairman rohan khaunte said the new arrangement was done to put systems in place to bring accountability.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi in his independence day speech had said that rs 100 lakh crore would be invested on infrastructure in the next five years and would include social and economic infrastructure projects.
;;-0.5267;;such arrogance, misbehaviour cannot be tolerated and action should be taken against them, modi reportedly told the meeting, also attended by kailash vijayvargiya.
;;0.34;;however, belying the expectations of the people of bihar for conversion of 100-year-old pu into a central university, modi asked pu to compete for occupying a place among the top 10 public universities in the country and win rs 10,000 crore for developing itself as a world class university.
;;0.4588;;during the all-party meet on sunday, ahead of the start of the parliament session, modi had told leaders that political differences can be kept aside to discuss issues related to public interest.
;;0.7269;;earlier in the day, prime minister modi said hardworking fraternity of chartered accountants has been furthering the culture of honesty and better corporate governance in the society.
;;0.7003;;today, on ca day, my best wishes to all cas for their future endeavours, modi said.
;;0.9136;;kathmandu: india is ready to be the sherpa to help nepal scale the mountain of success, prime minister modi said on saturday, hailing the himalayan nation's successful journey from bullets to ballots.
;;0.0;;you have to go a long way, modi told the gathering.
;;0.0;;modi said nepal must identify its needs and priorities to deliver results.
;;0.3818;;now the intellectuals must analyze what the one family, which directly or indirectly ruled the country for 48 years, achieved and compare it with what the current government achieved in 48 months, modi said while addressing a public meeting at lawspet in puducherry.
;;-0.2732;;washington: a lone donald trump aide insisted on tuesday that the president doesnt make up things when asked about the u.s presidents claim that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, even as officials on both sides sought to tide over the gaffe.
;;-0.6369;;his claim that pm modi asked him to mediate the kashmir conflict denied categorically by delhi.
;;-0.34;;modi, who has usually avoided current political contexts in the talk, said, i feel that you have adopted me as part of your family.
;;0.128;;recalling desai as one of the most disciplined leaders, modi said it was during desai's tenure as pm that the 44th constitutional amendment was introduced striking down the 42nd amendment which was brought during the emergency and which curtailed the powers of the supreme court and implemented provisions which stood to violate our democratic values.
;;0.7003;;and modi had said in october that india-us ties were growing with a great deal of speed.
;;0.7003;;co/y6pufijdkw  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1524249472000berlin: prime minister modi on friday night said he had a wonderful meeting with german chancellor angela merkel and discussed multiple aspects relating to bilateral cooperation as well as other global issues.
;;0.0;;a geographical definition, as such, cannot be, modi had said.
;;0.5994;;addressing a huge gathering, modi said, all of you who have gathered here today are power houses of knowledge, innovation and enterprise.
;;0.0;;a cag report found that about 25-30 lakh people who got loan waiver were not even eligible for it, modi said at a rally at vijaypur in jammu.
;;-0.4588;;do we need such a helpless model, modi asked the crowd, and answered, the country wants a majboot (strong) model and not majboor model.
;;0.25;;without naming robert vadra, modi said those who have amassed wealth through illegal means are today giving attendance before courts and investigation agencies in delhi.
;;-0.7579;;to undertake damage control for his failure, modi has announced ?
;;0.0;;it has also dismissed trump's astonishing claim that modi had asked him to mediate.
;;-0.6705;;this type of knowledge has only been used by people hell-bent on damaging the country and they have left no stone unturned to do so, pm modi said, without naming anyone.
;;0.0;;there are a few points in our language too that bind us together, modi said.
;;0.5106;;pm modi (ani photo)(with inputs from pti)new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday said the first 100 days of new nda government have been of development, trust and big changes in the country.
;;0.6908;;whatever big decisions were taken in past 100 days, inspiration behind them were 130 crore people of country, pm modi said at a huge rally at rohtak in haryana.
;;-0.8271;;be it the matter of jammu-kashmir and ladakh or of the worsening water crisis, 130 crore citizens of india have started looking for new solutions to the problems, he added,pm modi said during the recent parliament session, a number of bills were passed and the amount of work that was done, had never happened in any parliament session in the past 60 years.
;;0.6249;;in his address to the nation after inaugurating the statue, modi said this imposing structure will be a global inspiration and a reminder of sardars valour that had won over all pessimism and vanquished conspiracies to disintegrate india.
;;0.6705;;stating that patel had a mix of kautilyas diplomatic skills and shivajis bravery, modi said had patel not annexed junagadh and hyderabad using force, people would have required visas to see asiatic lions in gir, pray at somnath temple or visit the char minar.
;;0.0;;describing how his government was following sardar patels principles of unity, modi said gst (one nation one tax), one nation one grid, e-nam and bharatmala are some of the initiatives for new india.
;;-0.4404;;defending the nda governments 10  reservation for economically weaker sections, modi said it was passed with a historic majority in parliament.
;;0.0;;what happened in tripura will happen in kerala, modi said.
;;0.0;;other than the rail coach factory, pm modi speaking about the aiims branch that is due to come up in rae bareli said that the work on building a medical college and hospital is on fast track.
;;0.0;;pm modi said that the bjp has assisted the locals in rae bareli to open 8 lakh bank accounts, providing 1.
;;0.25;;it is a big change, modi said addressing the youth via video conference on the theme  youth power: a vision for new india.
;;0.6486;;modi said his government has worked towards the emotional integration of the north-east over the last few years with a belief that the integration can overcome radicalisation and has achieved some success.
;;0.0018;;pm modi said, it is now clear to everyone how articles 370 and 35(a) fully isolated jammu, kashmir and ladakh.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said that india and russia need to take advantage of the low production cost in india to produce military equipment under joint venture framework at cheaper rates for the third-world nations.
;;0.5859;;india and russia need to take advantage of this opportunity, modi said in an interview to tass.
;;0.9231;;in his departure statement ahead of his visit to russia, modi had said that strong bilateral partnership is complemented by a desire to promote a multi-polar world and the two countries cooperate extensively in the strategic fields of defence, civil nuclear energy and peaceful uses of space.
;;0.4215;;co/bbp432g4nt  shashi tharoor (@shashitharoor) 1563817293000washington: a furore erupted on monday as us president donald trump offering to mediate in the kashmir issue, claiming that prime minister modi has asked him to help in the matter.
;;0.3818;;vladivostok: prime minister modi on thursday said india will walk shoulder-to-shoulder with russia in its development of the far east and announced a $1 billion line of credit for the development of the resource-rich region.
;;0.3699;;addressing the plenary session of the 5th eastern economic forum here, prime minister modi said the friendship between india and russia was not restricted to governmental interactions in capital cities, but was about people and close business relations.
;;0.0;;i firmly believe that today's announcement will add a new dimension to the economic diplomacy of the two countries, modi said at a packed house here.
;;0.7783;;i am sure here in the russian far east too the indian diaspora will make an active contribution towards the region's progress, modi said.
;;0.0;;read moreread full article:new delhi: prime minister modi on monday asked people to make yoga an integral part of their lives and urged them to take part in the international yoga day celebrations on june 21.
;;-0.6705;;addressing working professionals on networking website linkedin, pm modi said that yoga and meditation are the panacea to the problems and stress of high-pressure jobs such as meeting the deadlines or gruelling travels.
;;0.1531;;pm modi said that a wavering mind and an healthy body are a recipe for disaster, adding that they can prevent workers from taking important decisions with precision and clarity.
;;0.0;;in kankaria it will be 30,000 feet, said modi.
;;0.0;;modi also announced that one would not only be able to read about each mural but while boating along the lake, he would also be able to hear the commentary about each mural.
;;0.7717;;modi taking credit for the development at kankaria said that earlier educated people kept away from kankaria but now after the development, even the rich and the famous will bring their guest to kankaria lake.
;;-0.8462;;pm modi speaking in rs (rstv/pti photo)new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday said the lynching of a young man by a mob in jharkhand had pained him but said it was unfair to blame the entire state for it.
;;-0.6597;;modi said irrespective of whether such a killing takes place in jharkhand or kerala or west bengal, the country should have a common stand.
;;0.9509;;i am confident that this visit will further promote our long-standing and valued friendship with france for mutual prosperity, peace and progress, modi said.
;;-0.4594;;though we are very much in the aiadmk alliance, most of our people did not like the idea of chief minister jayalaithaa sending two emissaries to express solidarity during gujarat chief minister modi modi's recent fast, and this has made our people very unhappy, said tmmk's district secretary a abdul hakkim on tuesday.
;;0.7574;;he would have been really glad to see the strengthening of ties between our nations, modi said in his tweet.
;;0.7351;;modi claimed credit for extradition of christian michel, a middleman in the agustawestland chopper deal and also for the supreme courts nod to i-t department to reassess the past income tax returns of the two.
;;0.0;;while addressing public rallies at palis sumerpur and dausa on wednesday, which was the last day for campaigning before the december 7 polls, modi said naamdar had been claiming that their assessment is final after doing the loot.
;;-0.0258;;if bjp comes back to power in the state, he will surely be punished, modi said.
;;0.0;;the judgment will come some day and you will be behind the bars, modi said.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, cpm state secretary modi said pm modi could not even guard the lives of soldiers.
;;-0.743;;this story is from october 21, 2018new delhi: in a veiled attack on the nehru-gandhi family, prime minister modi said sunday that to keep one family above the rest, efforts were made to forget the contributions leaders such as sardar vallabhbhai patel , bhim rao ambedkar and subhash chandra bose made in the independence struggle.
;;0.4404;;modi said had india benefited from the guidance of patel and bose, things would have been much better.
;;0.1779;;hailing bose's spirit of nationalism, modi said as a 16-year old, he was aggrieved at the plight of india under the british rule.
;;0.7184;;prime minister modi on saturday said isro scientists, despite the hurdle faced on friday night, would soon ensure that india reaches the moon successfully in near future.
;;0.4404;;indicating a hope for getting reconnected with 'vikram' lander and ' pragyan ' rover, modi said the orbitor was still revolving around the moon successfuly.
;;-0.296;;in a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear grylls, pm modi said.
;;0.6124;;in this age of globalisation, the 12-point action plan will strengthen msmes and help write a new chapter for them, modi said, announcing the measures he described as diwali gifts for the sector.
;;0.0;;modi also asked all state-run firms to register on the government e-marketplace, or gem, the online procurement platform for government agencies, and get their vendors to register.
;;-0.6124;;however, the government is not only turning a deaf ear to us but it has also instructed the concerned dsos (district supply officers) to cancel licences of all shop owners who have joined our protest, said modi , the brother of prime minister modi modi.
;;-0.4767;;modi said the shop owners had been deprived of income due to the policy of the central and state governments to reduce the use of kerosene and instead supply gas under the ujjwala yojana.
;;0.4767;;patna: deputy chief minister modi on tuesday said patna metro rail project is likely to get central cabinets approval on thursday, following which prime minister modi will lay its foundation stone on february 17 during his visit to barauni in begusarai district.
;;0.0;;modi said yoga was a form of preventive healthcare and urged people to start a movement from right now.
;;0.0;;modi said the government had opened over 3,000 'jan aushadhi kendra' (people's medicine centre) and was working on it continuously to open more such centres.
;;0.0;;after may 15 (the day of results), indian national congress will be reduced to 'ppp congress  p for punjab, p for puducherry and p for parivar (family), modi said at an election rally in gadag.
;;-0.5423;;though sant shishunal shariff (poet-saint and philosopher) said money is bad, congress thinks that money is everything and gave sidha rupaiya sarkar (cash upfront) in karnataka, modi said.
;;0.7579;;modi, in his message posted on his account on the chinese social media platform weibo on monday, had said: dear president xi jinping, congratulations on getting re-elected as the president of the peoples republic of china.
;;-0.1779;;bokaro: prime minister modi on monday said people who left their homes in jharkhand due to the terror of maoists years ago are returning home due the reassuring work on law and order and development done by the bjp government in the state and at the centre in the last five years.
;;0.6249;;addressing a vijay sankalp rally in kodermas shyam singh nawadih village even as polling was in progress in three of 14 lok sabha constituencies of jharkhand, modi said: please remember the conditions that prevailed in jharkhand during the tenure of mahamilavati, khichdi sarkar (congress and its coalition government).
;;0.2263;;modi said: atal bihari vajpayee had approved the koderma-ranchi rail line 20 years ago, but the congress government did not go ahead with the plan.
;;-0.1154;;this chowkidar has ensured that corruption is stopped, but people involved in wrongdoings have ganged up against us, said modi.
;;0.1516;;cautioning first-time voters against the grand alliance, modi said: the mahamilavat is not in favour of a government with absolute majority at any cost.
;;-0.4201;;referring to congresss karnataka cm hd kumaraswamys comments about poor people only joining the army and security forces for a square meal, modi said, this is the kind of respect congress and its partners have for the soldiers who die for the country.
;;0.0;;modi said the footfall at eco park, which has three sections, was 13.
;;0.25;;while inaugurating the cafeteria, modi said, it has been established in view of the growing number of visitors.
;;-0.0772;;in his tweets on tuesday, modi had said that victory and defeat are an integral part of life and the results will propel the party workers to work harder for development of the country.
;;-0.4215;;meanwhile, modi claimed that sports persons from across the state broke gujarat's own records in 88 categories in athletics and swimming.
;;0.0;;modi also claimed that a french business group, which had visited gujarat two months ago, was willing to invest rs 700 crore in a sports enclave in the state.
;;-0.0516;;addressing the bjp parliamentary party meeting, modi also asked rajya sabha members to visit constituencies where the bjp organisation was weak.
;;0.4767;;speaking on the occasion, prime minister modi said that it was remarkable that even after about 12 years of his death, the thoughts of former prime minister chandra shekhar are as vibrant as ever and continue to guide us.
;;-0.4767;;using a joint appearance with argentine president mauricio macri , modi said, the pulwama attack shows that the time for discussions is over.
;;0.0;;trump, who is known to make inaccurate statements, had claimed that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;-0.4404;;however, the indian government had denied president trump's astonishing claim that pm modi had asked him to mediate.
;;0.1027;;if we could raise the percentage of domestic procurement from 40  to 70  in the next five years, we would double the output in our defence industry, modi has said in a document released by the organisers.
;;0.6705;;prime minister modi announced the nal se jal scheme which aims to ensure piped safe drinking water for every household in next five years.
;;0.3612;;earlier, modi after talks with putin said they discussed ways to bolster cooperation in trade and investment, oil and gas, nuclear energy, defence, space and maritime connectivity.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had said in 2015 that all unorganized sector workers would get minimum wages.
;;0.3818;;it is cms political innovation, modi said, asking if the congress had run out of leaders to contest the polls against bjp.
;;0.0;;but now after coming here, i see that it is not just hawa but an aandhi (storm), modi said at santhemarahalli, where candidates from 22 segments in mysuru, mandya and chamarajanagar districts were present.
;;-0.5583;;modi said there is no law and order in the state and even the lokayukta is not safe.
;;-0.6705;;modi said the culture of political killings had reared its head in the state under the congress government.
;;-0.7906;;modi said his government has acted decisively in providing for capital punishment to those who sexually assault minors.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minster modi on friday said that the government has set a target of setting up 12,500 ayush centres across india, 4000 of which will be set up this year.
;;0.7783;;sushma swaraj ji was one of her kind, who was a source of inspiration for crores of people, prime minister modi said in a series of tweets.
;;0.5719;;she was uncompromising when it came to matters of ideology and interests of the bjp, whose growth she immensely contributed to, modi said.
;;0.4588;;in the summit, modi had announced that india will contribute an additional battalion of 850 troops for un peacekeeping operation.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , who watched the launch live on television, said the event will be etched in the annals of history.
;;0.4215;;modi said the central government had approved the request of gujarat government to purchase and additional 4 lakh metric tonnes of groundnut through nafed.
;;0.4767;;modi said that while the centre had fixed an msp of rs 4,450 per quintal of groundnut, the state government added rs50 per quintal from its own coffers bringing the effective msp to rs 4,500 per quintal.
;;-0.5994;;referring to naidu's comments on seniority, modi said there was no dispute about the issue.
;;0.5859;;modi asked the students on the usefulness of the atal innovation mission.
;;-0.9652;;new delhi: prime minister modi said on wednesday that the lynching of a muslim man in jharkhand pained him and the guilty should be severely punished, while also stressing that it would be unfair to label the state a hub of mob violence as the law applied equally to incidents in all states.
;;0.1779;;we have no right to defame the entire state, modi said during his reply to the debate on the motion of thanks to the presidents address in the rajya sabha.
;;0.4019;;the thirdnew delhi: addressing an election rally in karnataka's tumakuru, prime minister modi on saturday said the janata dal (secular) is working towards saving the congress party in the upcoming assembly elections.
;;0.0;;modi told a well-attended rally at kengeri, on the outskirts of bengaluru on thursday.
;;0.3818;;although officers and infosys chairman nandan nilekani , who is advising the government on returns, have not been able to reconcile their differences on how the input tax credit will be given and whether it should be linked to actual tax payment, bihar deputy cm modi , who heads a group of ministers, said the panel was looking at the new return being a blend between the two proposals.
;;0.0;;the panel held detailed discussions with stakeholders on tuesday and another seven days have been given for the feedback before the final draft will be sent to the gst council, comprising union and state finance ministers, modi said.
;;0.0;;after the meeting, modi said apart from moving to 12 returns annually, instead of 36 currently, the idea was to move away from computer systembased matching of returns, which generates large mismatches between claims of suppliers and buyers.
;;0.0;;the supplier will upload the details and the recipient will do the matching, modi said, adding that the buyer will be able to see what has been uploaded.
;;0.4588;;although the detailed content of forms was yet to be finalised, modi said adequate time will be given to gst network, which provides the it backbone, as well as businesses for transition.
;;0.3818;;returns are the soul of gst and credit is based on that, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said the panel will deliberate on the details for rolling out the reverse charge mechanism in the first week of may, with the time table and the coverage to be decided.
;;0.0;;i also keep myself abreast of related issues in social media, modi had said.
;;0.3612;;the state has been unrest since prime minister modi had announced to bring in the cab to grant indian citizenship to non-muslim from bangladesh, pakistan and afghanistan who had entered india before december 31, 2014.
;;-0.4588;;bihar deputy chief minister modi said the statement was unfortunate and alleged it was meant to incite the muslims against the government.
;;0.2732;;modi on friday said at a public rally in silchar that the government is committed to pass the bill which seeks citizenship for non-muslims from bangladesh, pakistan and afghanistan soon.
;;0.4215;;say 'yes to digital payment, no to cash': pm modi in a fresh push towards digital payments, prime minister modi on thursday told businesses to shun cash and go digital to bring transparency and root out black money.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: in a late night announcement on monday, prime minister modi said he will take a seaplane to travel from sabarmati river on tuesday morning to reach dharoi.
;;0.5806;;modi said he was not bothered about 2019 lok sabha elections and was working with the sole intention of countrys progress.
;;0.7239;;replying to chartered accountant viraj diwan, who sought to know how he took the bold steps without thinking of vote bank, modi said, people have not sent me to this post so that i can enjoy.
;;-0.0124;;on corruptionstating that corruption has destroyed the entire system like a termite, modi told another questioner that his government did not lose hope on eradicating this scourge and started a crackdown right from the top.
;;-0.5574;;talking to his crackdown on black money, modi said three lakh companies had shut their shops after the note ban, that too without any backlash.
;;-0.7845;;children of kashmir are also suffering because of these terrorists and they are standing in our support to eliminate terrorists and we need their support, modi said at a rally.
;;0.0;;is baar sabka hisab hoga (perpetrators will be held to account), modi said.
;;0.4404;;at an event at raj bhavan attended by governor c vidyasagar rao and chief minister devendra fadnavis , modi said studying laxman's work through the decades was a good way to understand the socio-economic milieu of the times.
;;0.7633;;modi said while laxman made significant comments on social, political, economic and other issues of public interest, he never hurt any section of society.
;;0.9062;;we are seeing great enthusiasm in people here to save the river narmada, modi said, addressing a function to mark the conclusion of the 'narmada sewa yatra', which was flagged off on december 11 last year as part of a campaign to create awareness among the masses for rejuvenating the narmada.
;;0.9442;;we have made doing business easier, smarter, cheaper and faster, modi told a huge gathering of national and international delegates from over 100 countries at the mahatma mandir in gandhinagar modi , who faces the crucial test of his development plank in the lok sabha polls after few months, acknowledged it is a challenge to ensure that the benefits of development reaches the needy in an easy and efficient manner.
;;0.5647;;modi said the focus on building new institutions, processes and procedures is important not only for doing business but also to ease the life of people.
;;0.2263;;as a slew of corporate honchos hailed his leadership, modi said his government would continue its reforms and deregulation.
;;0.811;;even as he strongly harped on the global recognition by world bank and other international agencies like moodys, modi said he was still not satisfied with the ranking in ease of doing business improving from 144 to 77 and that the government is working to cement indias place among top 15 by next year.
;;0.4019;;modi said rs 60,000 crore would be spent under the special accelerated road development programme and rs 30,000 crore under the bharatmala project to build a network of highways and roads in the northeast.
;;0.7184;;sporting colourful traditional regalia, representing the three prominent tribes of meghalaya  the khasis, the jaintias and the garos  with the feathers on his headgear fluttering, modi said coming to the abode of clouds always makes him happy.
;;0.7579;;lambasting congress for having done precious little for the development of the state in over 15 years of its rule, modi said the present government has favoured the mining mafia at the cost of the common people.
;;0.34;;patna: deputy chief minister modi asked the graduating students of dexterity school of leadership and entrepreneurship to engage in public service and leadership role.
;;0.4404;;addressing the dexschool students at the graduation ceremony on tuesday, modi said, we need good leaders in science and technology, education, medicine and other fields.
;;0.7579;;according to those who attended the training being held in the parliament premises, modi asked the mps to remain connected with their well-wishers who had worked for their success in their respective constituencies.
;;0.4767;;modi, in a 10-minute meeting at his chamber in parliament, told a delegation led by north goa mp and union ayush minister shripad naik that he would discuss it with union mines minister modi singh tomar, but did not give any concrete assurance for resuming mining activities in the state.
;;0.0;;i also keep myself abreast of related issues in social media, modi had said.
;;0.3818;;patna: deputy cm modi , who tabled the states economic survey report for 2018-19 in the state assembly on monday, said the growth journey of bihars economy continued even in 2017-18 fiscal when it clocked 11.
;;0.3818;;the double digit growth became possible due to sound development strategies marked by high levels of development expenditure, modi said.
;;0.3818;;modi said revenue surplus (amount that remains after revenue expenditure is subtracted from the states total income receipts from central and state resources) helped the state sustain its growth rate.
;;0.3818;;modi said the growth in agro-based industries in the state at 19.
;;0.0;;modi said bihar held sixth position in the country on investment in national and state highways and fifth in terms of other roads.
;;0.2732;;air passenger traffic in bihar was 31 lakh and the per capita consumption of power increased from 134kwh in 2011-12 to 280kwh in 2017-18, modi said.
;;0.4767;;8 years in 2006-10, which implied that both standard of living of people and healthcare facilities had improved, modi said.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi has previously said that the court process will need to play out before any other initiative on the temple can be considered.
;;-0.5574;;cpm state secretary modi said the officers should be dismissed for the serious lapse and failing to discharge their duties.
;;0.5106;;modi announced a 30-day free visa for indonesian citizens and invited the diaspora to travel to their country of origin to experience the new india.
;;0.1531;;i invite you all to come to india for the kumbh mela in prayag next year, modi said.
;;-0.4588;;speaking at chhattarpur in madhya pradesh, pm modi had said the congress was abusing his nonagenarian mother as it was bereft of issues.
;;0.34;;trump had on monday claimed that prime minister modi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir.
;;0.0;;one family either directly or indirectly ruled the country for 48 years, prime minister modi had said in february while addressing a public meeting in puducherry while referring to the governments of jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi.
;;-0.2023;;modi said the state government and the national disaster response force are working on rescue operations.
;;0.4215;;after his talks with abbas, modi said, both sides, through practical cooperation, will work together to build palestine's economy and contribute to improving the lives of its people.
;;0.3182;;modi said, once completed, it will serve as an it hub in palestine offering a one-stop solution for all it-related training and services.
;;-0.0382;;not losing an opportunity to push yoga, modi asked abbas to get palestinians to participate in the international yoga day in june.
;;0.3818;;this is a historic moment, prime minister modi said while inaugurating the bus service as part of the ramayan circuit to promote religious tourism in nepal and india.
;;0.3612;;i thank the pm of nepal shri oli for accompanying me during this visit to janakpur, modi said.
;;0.7506;;today's welcome in nepal shows the affection the people of nepal have towards the people of india, modi told the gathering.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi has asked him to visit flood-hit areas and submit a report.
;;0.6808;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said that governors have a pivotal role in ensuring welfare of tribal communities in states with significant population of sts, in what appeared to be an allusion to the much-ignored constitutional arrangement which gives raj bhavans a special place in the administration of scheduled areas.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said it would be a big mistake to think that pakistan would start behaving after just one surgical strike operation, underlining that it will take a long time to rein in indias western neighbour.
;;-0.7906;;talking about the surgical strikes conducted by armys para-special forces against four terror launch pads in pakistan-occupied-kashmir in the intervening night of september 28 and 29, 2016, modi said he knew he was taking a big risk with the cross-border operation.
;;-0.2235;;but i said i won't be fine till the last man returns, modi said.
;;0.3612;;it was at silchar in assam last month that modi had announced that his government planned on pushing the bill  which seeks to grant citizenship to non-muslim migrants from bangladesh, pakistan and afghanistan  through parliament.
;;0.3182;;granting citizenship under the provisions of the bill is a long drawn out process and will depend solely on the discretion of the state government, modi said at changsari, 30 km from guwahati.
;;-0.8481;;* speaking at the informal meeting, modi said that there is a need to stop all the mediums of support to terrorism and racism.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday asked the party bjp mps to hold padayatras in their constituencies engaging with eminent citizens from each booth and spread mahatma gandhi 's vision on the rural economy.
;;-0.8271;;new delhi: breaking his silence on the kathua and unnao rape cases, prime minister modi on friday said the incidents had shamed the nation and no offender would be spared as the government was committed to ensuring that victims of the crimes received full justice.
;;-0.4588;;bihar deputy cm modi (file photo)patna: bihar deputy chief minister modi on monday claimed that congress leader p chidambaram's recent statement on kashmir was unfortunate and meant to incite the muslims against the government.
;;0.0;;stating that he believed governments must be accountable in democracy and they must give report cards to the people, modi said, an audit and assessment of the performance of the present government in the last three years is happening all over on newspapers, social media or tv for the last 15 days.
;;0.2732;;referring to the upcoming world environment day, modi said the global campaign of connecting with nature on june 5 should become individual campaign as well.
;;0.0;;modi also said his monthly radio programme had made him part of every family in the country, which he had never thought of.
;;0.0772;;we are rapidly moving towards becoming number one in mobile phones manufacturing, prime minister modi said while addressing an indian community event as part of the 13th 'india-japan' annual summit.
;;0.8484;;this story is from october 21, 2018new delhi: a national award in the name of netaji subhash chandra bose will be given every year to police personnel for excellent work in rescue and relief operations during any kind of disaster, prime minister modi announced sunday.
;;0.5423;;modi said the award will be announced on january 23, netaji's birthday.
;;-0.4019;;pm modi (file photo)new delhi: prime minister modi on friday said when space is created for a dialogue, the room for conflict disappears.
;;0.0;;the moment we begin accepting the points of others and provide that space for debate as well as discussion, the room for conflict disappears, modi said.
;;0.7184;;the wise bapu (mahatma gandhi) had cautioned against societies seeking profit at the cost of the other and dreamt of an india that would work for humanity at large, pm modi said.
;;0.8225;;with the karnataka assembly polls round the corner, modi told the gathering that the party will need to work hard to maintain its winning streak and asserted that there was an atmosphere of hope and expectation in the country, kumar said.
;;-0.3182;;likening himself to kaamdaar (worker), modi said rahul is a naamdaar who makes mockery of kaamdaars.
;;0.5719;;we will discuss our respective visions and priorities for national development, particularly in the context of current and future international situation, pm modi said before departing for china last evening.
;;0.0;;addressing a rally at hapta kangjeubung in imphal east, modi said five helipads will be constructed under udan scheme in the state and the imphal international airport will also be expanded.
;;0.836;;talking about empowerment of women, modi said manipur has many women freedom fighters and the iconic boxing champion mc mary kom.
;;0.6705;;praising the 'go to hills' and 'go to village initiatives of the state state government under the initiative of chief minister n biren singh, modi said the centre and the state government are working with a vision of 'sabka saath sabka vikas.
;;0.34;;kumar also played down the controversy over us president donald trump 's claim that prime minister modi asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, saying it is time to move on.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: pm modi on friday announced that india would contribute rs 4,500 crore to bhutans 12th five-year economic plan after a meeting with visiting bhutanese pm lotay tshering, a significant outreach with an important neighbour who occupies a strategic geography between india and china.
;;0.3612;;underscoring the importance of hydropower projects in indias relations with bhutan, modi said work on the mangdechhu project would soon be completed.
;;0.4201;;work on other projects has been happening at a very satisfactory pace, modi said.
;;0.7783;;addressing a public rally at kevadiya, modi said the decision (to revoke the special status to j&k) was inspired by ek bharat, shresth bharat vision of sardar vallabhbhai patel and the government is striving to resolve the problems that have been pending since independence.
;;0.5719;;i am committed to indias unity and growth, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said september 17 was also a historic day as it marks unification of erstwhile princely state of hyderabad into the indian union in 1948.
;;0.0;;in just 11 months since its inauguration, the statue of unity has seen 23 lakh tourists from the country and other parts of the world, modi said.
;;0.4019;;new york: india's experience and capabilities in providing affordable healthcare is available for use to all developing countries, prime minister modi told the first-ever high-level meeting on universal health coverage here on monday, underscoring that a healthy life is the right of every person.
;;-0.5216;;addressing the meeting, prime minister modi said, health does not simply mean freedom from diseases.
;;0.3818;;the onus for this is on our government to make every possible effort to ensure this, pm modi said at the meeting, which will launch new efforts to provide access for all to affordable, inclusive and resilient health systems.
;;0.1695;;pm modi said india's efforts on affordable healthcare are not limited to just its own boundaries.
;;0.2023;;pm modi told the world leaders and ministers at the summit that the global welfare begins with people's welfare, and health is an important component of it and added that india has taken a holistic approach towards the health sector.
;;0.6326;;modi told the high-level meeting that india has opened more than 5,000 special pharmacies where more than 800 varieties of vital medicines are available at affordable prices.
;;0.6597;;highlighting the fourth pillar of mission mode intervention, modi said if mothers and children are healthy, this will lay the foundation for a healthy society.
;;0.4215;;while the united nations has set a deadline of 2030 in its sustainable development goals to ending the tb epidemic, pm modi said the target year that india has set for itself to end tb is five years ahead of the un deadline.
;;-0.8612;;new delhi: the army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers following the pulwama attack , prime minister modi said sunday, asserting that thewill keep inspiring us relentlessly to uproot the very base of terrorism .
;;-0.7584;;in his 53rd and lastbefore the lok sabha elections , modi asked people to rally together to take on the challenge of terrorism facing the country by forgetting barriers of casteism, communalism, regionalism and other differences so that the steps against terror are firmer and more decisive.
;;-0.5267;;paying tributes to security forces, modi said he will dedicate the national war memorial to them on monday and added that not having such a memorial always pained and surprised him.
;;-0.3818;;in this way, morarji bhai ensured that the way democracy was assassinated in 1975 by imposition of emergency could never be repeated again in the future, modi said.
;;0.0;;(prime minister narendra) modi had said tarun gogoi rolled out a red carpet for the foreigners.
;;0.5017;;speaking in lunawada, which has a sizeable 40  population of obcs, modi said congress had made similar promises to muslims, considered one of the most loyal votebanks of the party, in the past but failed to fulfill them.
;;0.0;;, modi asked.
;;-0.4497;;modi said till december 14, congress will spread all kinds of canards but people should not fall into their trap.
;;0.4019;;modi said his government was approached by obc leaders, including those from congress, and a law in this regard was passed in lok sabha where his party had a majority.
;;-0.1695;;congress that was in a majority in rajya sabha did not allow it to be passed despite requests by the government, said modi.
;;0.0;;earlier on saturday, modi had said, in punjab, congress does not even consider the cm as its own.
;;-0.9169;;modi said terrorism and proxy war pose a threat to the entire world today.
;;-0.3612;;recalling the sacrifice of the indian soldiers during the kargil war, modi said it was a symbol of india's might and its security will remain impregnable with dedication of the armed forces.
;;-0.34;;modi said he had also visited kargil when the war was at its peak and it was like pilgrimage to him.
;;0.4019;;modi said the armed forces are being rapidly modernised, and efforts are being made to increase the participation of the private sector for make in india in the defence sector.
;;0.4215;;modi said infrastructure is being strengthened in the border areas.
;;-0.7783;;people of karnataka have disheartened the perverted mentalities indulging in spreading lies, modi said while addressing bjp workers at the party headquarters.
;;0.0;;addressing the 15th pravasi bharatiya diwas, without taking rajivs name, modi said the former had himself acknowledged corruption in his government.
;;0.1779;;when opposition members were criticizing the ruling nda and the pm in the council, deputy cm modi said even mulayam had praised the pm the other day.
;;0.7184;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday said he would reinforce india's strong support to reformed multilateralism at the g20 summit, crucial to preserve rule-based international order.
;;0.8625;;the summit will provide an important opportunity to reiterate and reinforce our strong support to reformed multilateralism, which is crucial for preserving rule-based international order in today's fast-changing world, modi said.
;;0.6908;;on the sidelines, modi said, he looks forward to engaging with leaders of our major partner countries on important issues of bilateral and global importance.
;;0.5106;;earlier, prime minister modi , speaking on behalf of the country, told isro scientists that the entire nation stands with them and expressed confidence that the space agency will go on to achieve many milestones in the future.
;;0.1027;;madurai: prime minister modi on sunday said the centre's aim is to make tamil nadu a preferred hub for aerospace and defence industries in the country.
;;0.3818;;as part of the centre's port-led development initiative, pm modi said the first container mainline vessel was flagged off recently from tuticorin port, an icon and engine for the economic growth of the state.
;;-0.5106;;modi said that the reference was an insult to all women in india and reflected poorly on the opposition leader.
;;0.7964;;in his keynote speech at the shangri-la dialogue, modi had said indias vision for the indo-pacific region was that of a free, open and inclusive region that embraces all in a common pursuit of progress and prosperity.
;;0.0;;modi asked rudraamma in hindi.
;;0.0;;modi then asked the three women whether they made dosas and idlis at home before getting an lpg cylinder.
;;0.0;;modi then asked them whether he would get dosas if he visits their houses.
;;0.6486;;after all, our dream of 'new india' is the one where women are strong and empowered and are equal partners in the development of the country, modi said in his monthly ' mann ki baat ' radio broadcast.
;;0.0;;wherever officials have worked with people and involved them in the development process, the results are transformative, modi said while speaking at the national legislators conference here.
;;0.0;;once we decide to change even one aspect in the districts, we will get the momentum to work on the other shortcomings, modi said.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: prime minister modi said on sunday said that in order to see the beauty and understand people of the country, there can be no better teacher than tourism.
;;0.5859;;during his radio programme 'mann ki baat', prime minister modi said, i appeal to all to visit those tourist spots within our country whose scenic beauty is to behold during the monsoon season.
;;0.128;;speaking about char dham yatra in uttrakhand, modi said, i learned that in uttarakhand , ever since char dham yatra began this year, over 8 lakh devotees have visited kedarnath shrine in just one and a half month.
;;0.5719;;modi said, in india monsoon is celebrated differently by different cultures.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said that he was looking forward to the visit of abe to india later this year for the annual summit.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said he is looking forward to seeing abe again at the eastern economic forum in vladivostok in early september.
;;-0.34;;modi said japan's support in this area is crucial because of its experience in disaster management, rehabilitation and reconstruction.
;;-0.5574;;modi said one of the important projects india and japan are taking forward is setting up a cancer hospital in kenya.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , while addressing kisan morcha karyakartas of karnataka through modi (namo) app, said that a change in the government is needed to bring changes in the farmer's condition.
;;0.0;;a sensitive government, which works for the development of farmers, is needed in the state, prime minister modi said.
;;-0.7003;;our daughters will get justice, culprits won't be spared: pm modi on rape cases breaking his silence on the unnao and kathua rape cases, prime minister modi today said: no culprit will be spared, complete justice will be done.
;;-0.5574;;speaking at a function to inaugurate a memorial to dalit icon b r ambedkar, modi said, the type of incidents that have been talked about in the last two days have shamed us as a nation and as a society.
;;0.9423;;i hope the bold initiatives towards peace taken by president ghani will be respected by all parties, modi said at the summit, also attended by pakistan president mamnoon hussain modi was referring to the afghan government's surprise announcement of the week-long ceasefire with the taliban for eid.
;;0.8689;;on tuesdayon mondayvijayapura/koppal: prime minister modi said the congress had lost faith in its chief rahul gandhis ability to win elections, and has roped in his mother, sonia gandhi , to at least save its candidates deposits.
;;0.0;;addressing an election rally at sarwad village in vijayapura district, modi said he hadwatched an interview of a congress leader who said the son (rahul) will not be able to do anything.
;;0.3182;;hitting back at political pundits for predicting a hung assembly in the state, modi said instead of preparing the survey report sitting in ac rooms, they should come out and see the huge crowds braving the scorching heat at the rally.
;;-0.1531;;stopping short of taking names, modi said, the irrigation minister has looted money conniving with contractors, who travel by helicopters.
;;0.8934;;singapore: describing the indo-pacific as a natural region, prime minister modi has said that india's armed forces, especially the navy, are building and expanding partnerships in the strategically vital region for peace and security as well as humanitarian assistance.
;;0.6249;;ten countries of south east asia connect the two great oceans - the indian ocean and the pacific ocean -- in both the geographical and civilisational sense, modi said.
;;0.34;;inclusiveness, openness and asean centrality and unity, therefore, lie at the heart of the new indo-pacific, prime minister modi said at the prestigious shangri-la dialogue here on friday evening.
;;-0.1027;;expounding his vision of the indo-pacific region in a keynote address, modi said, india does not see the indo-pacific region as a strategy or as a club of limited members, nor as a grouping that seeks to dominate.
;;0.5267;;modi said it was possible for the world to rise above divisions and competition to work together and cited the example of the 10-member association of south east asian nations (asean) as an example and inspiration.
;;0.891;;in conclusion, prime minister modi said, india will engage with the world in peace, with respect, through dialogue and absolute commitment to international law.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi on november 8, 2016, announced a ban on then in use rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination bank notes with immediate effect.
;;0.0;;six mo-us have already been signed in this direction, modi said.
;;0.765;;bpcl kochi refinery has played a crucial role in popularizing the clean fuel, lpg, among masses in kerala and neighbouring states for more than 50 years, modi said.
;;0.8658;;this helped the rescue vehicles and helicopters to continue relief and rescue operations smoothly, modi said.
;;-0.5267;;according to sources, modi had said in the july 2 meeting that arrogance and misbehaviour will not be tolerated irrespective of whoever it may be, whoever's son he may be.
;;-0.7003;;addressing a rally in up's ghazipur on saturday, modi had said loan waivers were a lollipop and accused congress of cheating farmers through doles that benefited only 800 farmers.
;;0.0;;congress can say it also once had chief ministers, modi said.
;;0.5719;;bjp under him has showed that you can achieve success through organisation building, modi said.
;;-0.765;;poorest of the poor tolerated the atrocity with resilience and they have aptly answered with vote against the chot (wounds), said modi.
;;0.4939;;modi said the candidates in tripura were probably among the youngest in the country, a move in the direction of the partys plan to hand over leadership.
;;0.0;;(file photo)new delhi: prime minister modi modi's radio programme  mann ki baat  will resume on june 30 at 11:00 am, modi said on saturday.
;;0.0;;but pm modi said on sunday that april 28, on the evening of which a remote village in the northeast became the last to be connected to the grid, would be remembered as a historic day in the development journey of india.
;;-0.2263;;why did you drag my father, modi asked at an election meeting in vidisha on the last day of his campaigning in mp.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi himself said naidu used polavaram as an atm.
;;-0.3182;;kannauj/hardoi: prime minister modi on saturday went all guns blazing against bsp chief mayawati for her fake obc taunt against him and emphasised his extremely backward caste background during his campaign trail at hardoi, kannauj and sitapur as you are playing the game of forward and backward caste politics and issuing my caste certificate, let me tell you i belong to the most backward caste, which is so miniscule that you may not even trace a single house of my caste in a village, modi said, while addressing a rally in kannauj.
;;0.0;;all this happens when casteism forms your political base, modi said.
;;0.6808;;referring to bhim mobile application launched by the bjp-led nda on the birth anniversary of ambedkar on april 14, 2017, modi said the application was one of the biggest tributes to babasaheb, who was a great economist.
;;0.6808;;can the country be safe in the hands of such political parties, modi asked.
;;-0.34;;addressing a rally in sitapur, modi said: bua (mayawati) and babua (akhilesh) ki dukaan par tala lag gaya to is baar naya counter khol diya (after two poll drubbings, mayawati and akhilesh united) modi said, referring to the gathbandhan.
;;-0.2263;;why did you drag my father, modi asked at an election meeting in vidisha on the last day of his campaigning in mp.
;;0.9073;;prime minister modi in his acceptance speech, said that he felt very honoured and fortunate to be awarded the king hamad order of the renaissance by bahrain.
;;0.7884;;we would like bahrain to partner india more closely for shared progress, modi said.
;;0.631;;talking about the importance of linking the region with transport corridors, modi said connectivity does not only mean geographical link but it should ensure people-to-people contact.
;;0.5994;;and which respects member states' sovereignty and territorial integrity, modi said, in a veiled dig at china's 'one belt one road' ( obor ) project.
;;0.0;;therefore, connectivity with our neighbourhood and in the sco region is our priority, modi said.
;;0.8271;;modi said india would like to extend all cooperation to the sco and that the bloc gives india immense opportunities to enhance friendship with resource-rich central asian nations.
;;-0.9169;;referring to challenges of terrorism, modi said afghanistan is an unfortunate example of the effects of terrorism and extremism.
;;0.34;;noting that only 6 per cent of foreign tourists in india are from sco countries , prime minister modi said this can easily be doubled.
;;0.5859;;technology is defining competitiveness and power in the new world and it is creating boundless opportunities to transform lives, modi said.
;;-0.5994;;we have no problem and we are content with this claim of the naamdar, modi said, addressing an election rally in jodhpur.
;;-0.4939;;bringing up indias first prime minister jawaharlal nehru and first president rajendra prasad , modi claimed that nehru had objected to prasads visit for the consecration of somnath temple, which was destroyed by foreign invaders and renovated by sardar vallabhbhai patel.
;;0.0;;in an indirect but obvious reference to nehru, modi said the leader who wore a rose knew about gardens but not farmers or farming.
;;-0.4497;;he used to wear rose and had the knowledge of gardens but did not know about farmers or farming, due to which the community faced hardship, modi said, without naming nehru.
;;-0.1531;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday announced that india would raise its target for restoring degraded land from 21 million hectares to 26 million hectares by 2030.
;;0.6369;;speaking at the 14th session of the conference of parties (cop) to the united nations convention to combat desertification (unccd), modi said between 2015 and 2017, india's tree and forest cover increased by 0.
;;0.4215;;modi also said india would be happy to propose initiatives for greater south-south cooperation in addressing issues of climate change, biodiversity and land degradation.
;;0.9337;;modi said india takes pride in using remote sensing and space technology for multiple applications, including land restoration and it would be happy to help other friendly countries develop land restoration strategies through cost effective satellite technology.
;;0.3612;;today, the gst system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99  items will attract the sub-18  gst slab, modi said at an event in mumbai on tuesday.
;;0.4215;;(with) the discussions held from time to time, the tax system is improving, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi had said only around 25 auditors had faced action in over a decade and around 1,400 cases were pending, numbers that icai had contested.
;;0.4404;;we will provide tripura the good government that the state deserves, said pm modi.
;;0.3818;;the decision has been taken in such a way that it does not affect dalits, tribals or other backward classes who are already availing the benefits of reservation, modi told a public meeting in madurai .
;;-0.1027;;in what could be the bjps campaign theme for tn for the lok sabha election, modi said his government would come down hard on corruption and those who looted the country.
;;0.0;;this is regardless of whether they are in india or abroad, modi told a public meeting organized by the bjp in madurai shortly after laying the foundation stone for aiims in the city on sunday.
;;0.0;;they have set aside their differences just to keep the watchman (him) away, said modi.
;;0.6908;;for improving the gati and disha (speed and focus) of governance, modi said there should be better coordination between cabinet ministers and ministers of state.
;;0.0;;30 am, modi said some of them are still to heed to his instruction and they should start doing that.
;;0.3818;;modi, who is known for maintaining a disciplined routine, on several occasions had asked his cabinet colleagues to lead by example in terms of discipline, punctuality and commitment to work.
;;0.5106;;before he spoke, prime minister modi said he appreciates abdullahs work towards deradicalisation.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi has said the coming lok sabha election will be one between janata (people) and the opposition alliance (mahagathbandan).
;;-0.6705;;on criticism that demonetisation was a shock to the system, modi said it was first necessary to consider whether the measure was needed.
;;-0.0258;;on cow vigilantism and lynchings, modi said, no such incident reflects well on a civilised society.
;;-0.2732;;after it was reported that modi said, the congress does not even consider their cm their own in punjab, amarinder sarcastically asked the pm on twitter whether the party high command had complained directly to him about it.
;;0.3612;;modi had also said that amarinder marches on, like an independent soldier.
;;0.6808;;south korea is an important partner for our 'make in india' initiative as well as in our 'start up india' and 'clean india' initiatives, modi said.
;;0.0;;25 crore houses, they would have to spend five generations, modi said, adding that under the pradhan mantri aawas yojna, 8 lakh houses in all were being built in maharashtra .
;;0.8225;;appreciating the spirit with which mumbaikars and thanekars live their lives, modi said, everyone carries a dream in his or her eyes, and we want to fulfil those dreams.
;;0.7783;;co/zorduhtrys  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1516624984000davos: prime minister modi told top ceos that india means business and presents an exciting opportunity for global businesses.
;;-0.4588;;this story is from november 5, 2018file photo of swami paramhans das (second from right) with other sadhus (photo pti)download the times of india news app for latest cityayodhya: swami paramhans das , mahant of tapaswi chawni temple in ayodhya, on sunday threatened self-immolation on december 6 if prime minister modi and up chief minister yogi adityanath did not announce the date for the construction of ram temple by december 5.
;;0.8126;;i was impressed by their passion and commitment towards solving problems our world faces, modi said.
;;0.6486;;from india, an 83-member delegation comprising 60 students, 20 mentors and three officials of the aicte visited singapore for the event which modi said is a boost to technology, innovation and youth power.
;;0.0;;modi said in a tweet.
;;-0.1779;;in his first address at moran, in dibrugarh constituency, modi said, the nda government is seriously considering scheduled tribe status for six communities  tai ahom, matak, moran, chutiya, koch rajbongshi and tea tribes.
;;-0.6124;;when we are trying to correct this historical blunder made by congress, they act hurt, as if their own families are being affected, modi said.
;;-0.6597;;reiterating what bjp president amit shah had said in assam days ago, modi said only bjp-led nda can free assam and the country of illegal migrants and terrorists.
;;-0.0258;;any person who has cheated or looted the country, shall be brought to justice, modi said in an apparent reference to economic offenders - vijay mallya nirav modi and mehul choksi who are wanted in connection with defaulting on huge bank loans.
;;0.34;;pm modi says budget lays roadmap for india becoming $5-trillion economy by 2024-25 prime minister modi saturday said his government's budget for 2019-20 lays down a roadmap for nearly doubling the size of the indian economy to $5-trillion in five years by raising per capita income, boosting consumption and increasing productivity.
;;0.6705;;speaking in parliament in february, prime minister modi had said he was pursuing mahatma gandhi's dream of a 'congress-mukt bharat' and accused the grand old party of eulogising the gandhi family when in power, at the cost of the country's development.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: stay fit, play games but do not forget the traditional sports, prime minister modi said on sunday, highlighting the role of physical and mental fitness for all-round development.
;;-0.7003;;the people roared when pm modi said, jo aag aapke dil me hai wahi aag mere dil mein bhi hai ((i feel the same fire which is raging in your hearts).
;;0.0;;paris: prime minister modi on friday said india will achieve most of the cop 21 climate change goals set for 2030 in the next one and half years.
;;-0.2732;;in his address to the indian community at the unesco headquarters here, modi said there was a lot of talk about dangers of climate change but action was not evident.
;;0.3612;;from solar infra to social infra, from technical infra to space infra and from digital infra to defence infra, the india-france alliance is moving forward strongly, modi said.
;;0.5267;;modi said both india and france worked together positively under different circumstances.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi on november 8, 2016, announced a ban on then in use rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination bank notes with immediate effect.
;;0.1027;;tonk: listing out flagship programmes of his government, prime minister modi in his address at tonk on saturday said that it is now believed that modi hai toh mumkin hai.
;;0.4445;;prasad said that modi had asked the party workers not to be shaken by remarks and that people of gujarat would give a reply.
;;0.4767;;prime minister modi said india stands by the people of the island nation and that ships are being rushed with relief material.
;;0.7096;;i had an opportunity to interact with commonwealth medalists in new delhi recently, and also spoke with gururaja, a local lad, about his life and achievements, modi said to loud cheers from the crowd.
;;0.1027;;it is the exploits of youths such as gururaja that enhance the name of the nation, modi said, extolling the rural talent.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi claimed in davos that he was elected by 600 crore people when the population of india is 130 crore.
;;0.7351;;during the last mann ki baat speech of this year, prime minister modi said, im saying it with pride that it was collective efforts that made the swachch bharat mission a successful campaign.
;;-0.25;;according to information accessed from the registrar of companies (roc), in the year after prime minister modi announced demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off, the fifth most in the country after delhi and maharashtra, andhra pradesh-telangana and tamil nadu.
;;-0.4767;;it is an india which is ambedkar's india, of the poor and the backward, modi said.
;;0.0;;years ago, modi said, ambedkar spoke of india's industrialisation as a means to generate new jobs and push development.
;;0.1779;;today, we have adopted in all aspects of governance the mantra of co-operative federalism and going a step further, we have adopted competitive cooperative federalism, modi said.
;;0.9432;;his passion for a strong and united india continues to inspire us and gives us strength to serve 130 crore indians, modi said.
;;0.3182;;during an interaction with the students of utkal university through video-conferencing, modi said, odisha has a rich heritage and a long coastline but it has not achieved much in the tourism sector.
;;0.296;;stopping short of referring to the shah bano case, modi said rajiv gandhi let go of an opportunity due to vote-bank compulsions.
;;0.8214;;the congress (with a brute majority) overturned the sc judgment in parliament, modi said, adding that the grand old party did so to ensure that it remains in power and left women to their fate.
;;0.0;;but for me, i think about 125 crore indians who are my family, modi said, adding this is reflected in the manner in which the congress treated its stalwarts such as d devaraj urs and veerendra patil in karnataka.
;;0.3612;;referring to aicc president rahul gandhis queries on tainted bjp candidates, modi said congress too has fielded corrupt leaders like ladduwalas.
;;0.5574;;modi said that the mining issue started with the supreme court order.
;;0.6705;;replying to shailas question, modi said, it is interesting to see how people of the country have been sharing their experiences of things that have changed during the last five years.
;;0.0;;modi said that five years ago, the world used to perceive india in a different way.
;;-0.5927;;the country has noticed how from fragile five, it has turned into the fastest growing economy, modi said, adding, earlier, national and international headlines were only about scams, but today there are no such stories.
;;0.5574;;chennai: a day after prime minister modi said the bjp was open to aligning with old friends, in an apparent reference to every party in tamil nadu except the congress and the left parties, the dmk and the bjp got into a war of attrition on friday.
;;-0.1695;;modi says: my upbringing does not allow me to take a life.
;;0.0;;the quiz will be conducted on august 1, pm modi said.
;;0.6124;;i especially call upon schools, parents, teachers to strive hard to ensure victory for their respective schools, modi said.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi said that in the last two years - since president donald trump has assumed office - american exports to india have grown by 50 per cent and it is perhaps one of the countries, perhaps the only one, of the top 10 countries with which the us has a trade deficit where the deficit has actually reduced last year and is on course to further reduce this year, gokhale said.
;;0.8201;;prime minister modi said indians when they come to the us not only bring their talent and capacity to innovate, capacity to excel but also they are imbued in democratic values.
;;0.4939;;earlier, prime minister modi , while delivering the keynote address, said that data is the real wealth.
;;0.7351;;the global flow of data is creating big opportunities as well as challenges, prime minister modi had said.
;;0.0;;talking about social media, prime minister modi said, the example of breaking, addition, and twisting of technology is being seen in the form of social media.
;;0.34;;trump had on monday claimed that prime minister modi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir.
;;0.3818;;(ani)talks with russian president vladimir putin on wednesdaytwo-hour tete-a-tete on board a shipvladivostok: india and russia are against outside influence in the internal matters of any nation, prime minister modi said afterduring which they discussed ways to bolster cooperation in trade and investment, oil and gas, nuclear energy, defence, space and maritime connectivity.
;;0.0258;;we both are against outside influence in the internal matters of any nation, modi said in a joint press meet with president putin after their talks.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said a proposal has been made to have a full fledged maritime route between chennai and vladivostok .
;;0.2894;;our special and privileged strategic partnership has not only benefitted our countries but also it has been used for the development of the people, modi said.
;;0.5423;;both of us have taken our relationship to a new level based on cooperation and support which has resulted in not only quantitative changes but qualitative changes as well, modi said.
;;0.9538;;earlier in his opening remarks at the summit held on the sidelines of the eef, which russia has hosted since 2015 to boost partnerships with asian countries, modi said russia is an integral friend and trustworthy partner of india as he praised president putin's personal efforts on expanding the special and privileged strategic partnership between the two countries.
;;0.5994;;fast changing technologies like digitalisation and climate change pose a challenge to the current as well as future generations, modi said.
;;0.8225;;ani photonew delhi: the government has made clear its intention to undertake reform measures to boost growth and highlighted the need to make the indian economy competitive, prime minister modi told a group of economists and sectoral experts on saturday at a meeting ahead of the presentation of the union budget.
;;0.8047;;modi had then said only developing gujarat was not enough but we will have to restore people's trust in democracy (starting) from gujarat, shah said.
;;0.0;;president trump says pm modi asked him to mediate between india & pakistan on kashmir!
;;0.0;;president trump says pm modi asked him to mediate between india & pakistan on kashmir!
;;-0.1779;;the ministry of external affairs has rejected trump's remarks, made during his meeting with pakistan prime minister imran khan, that modi had asked him to mediate in resolving the kashmir issue with pakistan.
;;0.3818;;on his part, modi said creating trust and an environment free of violence and terrorism was essential for fostering peace and prosperity in the region.
;;0.5106;;modi said that this approach had helped the government scale up its social sector interventions, helping it run on two tracks and provide social infrastructure, especially to those left out of the development process, as well as physical infrastructure to everyone.
;;0.4767;;speaking at the first sco summit after india joined the organisation in the chinese coastal city of qingdao , modi said infrastructure programmes should take into account the need to respect the sovereignty of member states .
;;0.5106;;modi said development, trust and big changes in the country have marked the 100 days of his government.
;;0.7003;;modi said that 130 crore indians were the inspiration behind the government's major decisions in various fields from farm sector to national security.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: hinting that the government is not considering an early ordinance to facilitate construction of the ram temple in ayodhya, prime minister modi said the judicial process should take its own course even as he blamed previous congress governments for stalling a resolution.
;;0.0;;modi said the coming lok sabha election was one between janata (people) and the opposition alliance (mahagathbandan).
;;-0.6705;;on criticism that demonetisation was a shock to the system, modi said it was first necessary to consider whether the measure was needed.
;;-0.5095;;in his tweet, prime minister modi said, the incident is extremely tragic.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi has previously said that the court process will need to play out before any other initiative on the temple can be considered.
;;-0.0516;;modi said jagadguru was at the forefront of innumerable community service initiatives and nurtured institutions which transformed the lives of the poor and the downtrodden.
;;0.4588;;in a televised address, modi said that every msme in the 100 selected districts and which are registered under goods and services tax (gst) would be given a rebate of 2  interest on the amount of a new loan or incremental loan of up to rs 1 crore.
;;0.0;;modi also said that msmes would get loans of up to rs 1 crore in 59 minutes.
;;0.2023;;modi claimed the government had made tall promises to farmers, but was now offering only lollipops.
;;0.875;;prime minister modi (afp photo)new delhi: after statue of unity in gujarat was included in time magazine's 'world's 100 greatest places of 2019' list, prime minister modi on wednesday said that he is glad that it is emerging as a popular tourist spot.
;;0.3818;;we can discuss and resolve these issues bilaterally, modi had said.
;;0.9118;;addressing party workers at the bjp office here, modi said the gujarat assembly win was unprecedented as the party had maintained a winning streak since 1989.
;;0.4215;;in a speech that was intended to counter the perception that bjps success was diminished by a sub-par tally, modi said, let us forget who did what.
;;-0.4588;;modi said several forces forged an alliance and conspired to destabilise him with the sole agenda to defeat bjp in gujarat.
;;0.0;;modi asked.
;;-0.296;;targeting the ruling coalition in the state over its contradictions and power struggle, modi said it seemed as if they were in power only to play musical chairs.
;;0.7096;;respecting healthy democratic traditions, the next episode of 'mann ki baat' will be broadcast on the last sunday (may 26) of may, modi said.
;;0.8316;;the plan is aimed at giving incentives such as tax holiday, inspector raj-free regime and capital gains tax exemption, modi said.
;;0.25;;commenting on the issue of fund availability for startups, modi said the government has created a rs 10,000 crore fund of funds.
;;0.8689;;modi said that the indian armed forces draw admiration and appreciation across the world, in un peacekeeping operations.
;;0.8689;;pm modi said, indias pride, a champion who has brought home a gold and lots of glory.
;;0.34;;modinew delhi: pitching for development initiatives in jammu and kashmir , prime minister modi on wednesday asked union ministers to work on schemes and projects for the region, and also called for engaging with officials and students from the state who are currently based in different parts of the country.
;;-0.0772;;traditionally, opposition listens peacefully but the congress and its supporters not only disrupted but also gheraoed me when i was speaking, modi said on friday while expressing anguish at the washout of the second half of the budget session.
;;0.0516;;modi said he had refused to yield to the opposition and completed his one-hour speech to send across a message that the power of democracy was stronger than the whims and fancies of a few irresponsible political parties.
;;-0.0516;;with bjp asking its mps to observe a day-long fast on april 12 in their respective constituencies, modi told them to share with the people the real story for the unprecedented deadlock and disrespect shown to parliamentary democracy.
;;0.0;;modi asked mps to adhere to the campaign schedule and also rope in other political representatives including mlas.
;;0.5719;;it is due to their efforts that we have the honour to serve people all over india and fulfil their aspirations, modi said.
;;-0.5994;;this story is from november 1, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citykevadiya (narmada): prime minister modi said here on wednesday that the 182 metre worlds tallest statue - statue of unity- packed a potential to catapult narmada district on to the global tourism map.
;;0.802;;i am confident that this statue will become a centre to improve agriculture as well as the lives of local tribals here, modi said.
;;-0.1154;;but we know that over the years we have tried to fetch narmada water to you by denying hopes and aspirations of many poor people by cutting allocations who could have been provided good schools, hospitals and food, said modi.
;;0.4588;;modi said that now that narmada water has reached kutch, it promises to change the lives of people in the scarcity-ridden state.
;;0.1779;;the elders who have lived their lives battling water scarcity will bless us, said modi.
;;0.4404;;when people of kutch will come to bhuj, they will take the word about gujarat government's good work to the world, said modi who said that gujarati might should be used only for development.
;;0.836;;during his visit, modi will attend the east asia summit, an asean-india informal meet, the regional comprehensive economic partnership summit and hold meetings with global leaders, including us vice president mike pence before leaving for singapore, modi said in new delhi that his participation in the asean-india and east asia summits symbolised india's continued commitment to strengthen its engagement with asean members and with the wider indo-pacific region.
;;0.7351;;modi also said he was confident that his visit to singapore would impart fresh momentum to new delhi's growing partnership with asean and east asia summit nations.
;;0.3182;;india and singapore are working to connect indian and asean small and medium enterprises, anchored on an indian platform, and expand it globally, modi said in his address on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi (reuters photo)prime minister modi said that even those parties without president should send their representatives to the twin meetings.
;;0.2732;;vladivostok: india is committed to becoming a $5 trillion economy by 2024, prime minister modi said on thursday at the eastern economic forum (eef) summit hosted by russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;addressing the plenary session of the 5th eastern economic forum here, modi said his government with the 'mantra' of sabka saath, sabka vikas aur sabka vishwas is working on building a new india.
;;0.7783;;i am sure here in the russian far east too the indian diaspora will make an active contribution towards the region's progress, modi said.
;;0.3699;;modi said the friendship between india and russia was not restricted to governmental interactions in capital cities, but was about people and close business relations.
;;-0.4767;;it is an india which is ambedkar's india, of the poor and the backward, modi said.
;;0.0;;years ago, modi said, ambedkar spoke of india's industrialisation as a means to generate new jobs and push development.
;;0.1779;;today, we have adopted in all aspects of governance the mantra of co-operative federalism and going a step further, we have adopted competitive cooperative federalism, modi said.
;;0.765;;you deserve a special congratulations for this, modi said.
;;0.4141;;i am told despite a delay of a week, the date of chandrayaan-2 reaching the moon will remain the same, modi said.
;;0.0;;with this, modi said, india will contribute to enhance the knowledge of humankind in the knowledge of the lunar surface.
;;0.0;;talking about aara and keram villages which are located 40 km from ranchi, modi said the residents have set an example through their ''.
;;0.6369;;bengaluru: a day after his predecessor manmohan singh expressed concern over the dipping growth of economy in the country, prime minister modi on tuesday claimed that indias economy is flourishing under his leadership, besides contributing significantly to the growth of the world economy.
;;0.0;;addressing a rally here, modi said, when the country was ruled by the eminent economist (singh), the world used to count india among the fragile five.
;;0.3818;;reacting to singhs concern over the growth rate, modi said the country has clocked 7.
;;-0.4767;;modi said the opposition had raised questions regarding his cleanliness campaign, toilets construction, providing gas connection to all households and opening bank accounts of poor.
;;0.4215;;accusing of the congress for invoking gandhiji and his ideals merely for political gains, modi said, they are ridiculing our swachhata campaign, which has improved the lives of nearly three lakh people.
;;0.0;;claiming that his government has built over 9 crore toilets since 2014, modi said petty-minded people would never understand how toilets have changed the lives of women.
;;0.5423;;enlisting steps his government has taken to revive khadi as well as other cottage and rural industries , modi said the turnover of such entities, which was rs 30,000 crore before 2014, had doubled in the last four-and-a-half years.
;;0.0;;while inaugurating the country's first multi-modal hub on a river bank, which ensures seamless shifting of cargo from vessels to other modes of transport, modi said, the movement of this container vessel means the eastern uttar pradesh , poorvanchal and country's eastern part have been linked to the bay of bengal.
;;0.4019;;addressing a public meeting at the assam rifles ground here, modi said the north east special infrastructure scheme (nesis) would focus on physical infrastructure  water supply, power, connectivity and tourism  and social sector  education and health.
;;0.0;;over the next three years, the northeast will receive rs 5,300 crore, modi said.
;;0.6597;;the centre will be investing an additional rs 60,000 crore under the special accelerated road development programme in the northeast and rs 30,000 crore under the bharatmala project over the next two to three years to build a network of highways and roads in the northeast, modi said, besides promising to bring all state capitals of the northeast on the rail map.
;;0.0;;on 22-23 august 2019, i would have bilateral meetings in france, including a summit interaction with president emmanuel macron and a meeting with prime minister philippe, said modi in a statement before departure.
;;-0.6908;;on the preferential treatment meted out to t p chandrasekharan murder convict and cpm leader p k kunhanandan, modi said an internal cpm probe found that he had been wrongly arraigned.
;;0.836;;here are the key highlights: pm modi in his address said that india is the birthplace of many great men and these men have done some amazing, unforgettable acts for humanity.
;;0.0;;nagpur: prime minister modi may have claimed that all villages in the country have got electrified but state discom msedcl says this target will be achieved in the state only by the year end.
;;0.4404;;in his opening remarks here, prime minister modi said the trilateral meeting in osaka is a useful medium of discussion and coordination on major global issues.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said victory and defeat are integral part of life and he accepts the verdict of the assembly polls with humility.
;;0.0;;pti photomumbai: a day after prime minister modi asked loudmouths to refrain from making statements on the ram temple issue while the judicial process is on, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday said his party's stand on the issue mirrored sentiments of hindus.
;;0.4767;;i want to tell these people with folded hands to have faith in the judicial system, modi said at a rally in nashik on thursday.
;;0.7096;;launching the 'fit india movement', aimed at encouraging people to include physical activity and sports in their everyday lives, here, modi said the initiative is a fitting tribute to major dhyan chand on his 114th birth anniversary.
;;0.0;;where a person used to walk or cycle for kilometres, today mobile apps have to tell us how many steps we walked, modi said in his address to the people gathered on the occasion.
;;-0.34;;modi said the younger generation grappling with lifestyle diseases is a worrying trend.
;;0.7003;;replying to the motion of thanks to the president's address in lok sabha, modi said the congress never spoke about the good work of former prime ministers atal bihari vajpayee and pv narasimha rao.
;;0.4215;;we think differently, we feel each and every citizen has worked for india's progress, modi said.
;;0.7003;;noting that there might be differences between parties, modi said civility and respect should be maintained.
;;-0.2732;;the way rahul gandhi spoke about him recently is shameful, said modi , adding that he not only receives gowda at his doorstep but even opens the door of his car.
;;-0.5994;;rahul is insulting a person of the stature of deve gowda because of his haughtiness, modi said, adding that such people and parties are a threat to democracy.
;;-0.5165;;indicating that bjp has suffered due to ill-considered and out-of-turn statements, modi said, if everyone starts talking, issues get altered, the nation suffers, so does the party.
;;0.0258;;modi said he wanted to make the point while speaking to fellow legislators even as he reiterated the need to focus on technology to reach out to the public as he asked mps to develop at least 3 lakh followers in their constituency.
;;0.0772;;i want to interact with workers of mps who have over 3 lakh twitter followers, modi said.
;;0.3818;;we all have heard about the village of anna hazare in maharashtra where he focused on cleanliness and the village became a model for others to follow, modi said while answering a question asked by ahmedabad mp kirit solanki about how to make people aware about schemes.
;;0.0;;modi asked and rahi nodded in affirmation.
;;0.1779;;though the opposition criticised it as a small initiative, it should share what it contributed to farmers when it was in power, said prime minister modi 's brother modi , vice-president, all india fair price shop dealers federation, during his visit to the sri krishna mutt on wednesday.
;;0.1027;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country, adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities.
;;0.8316;;the plan is aimed at giving incentives such as tax holiday, inspector raj-free regime and capital gains tax exemption, modi said.
;;0.25;;commenting on the issue of fund availability for startups, modi said the government has created a rs 10,000 crore fund of funds.
;;0.7717;;i hope for positive and innovative arguments, modi said.
;;0.9186;;however, modi told nda leaders to focus on positives like indias progress on several fronts, including its jump in the ease of doing business ratings, and reform measures such as gst to underline his governments efficient handling of the economy.
;;0.8481;;soon, we shall win other state polls too, modi said while addressing party mps at the bjp parliamentary party meeting.
;;0.8885;;countless other leaders and workers made huge sacrifices, modi said, exhorting party mps to work with dedication and humility to win people's support.
;;-0.0137;;modi said it was not easy for the bjp in gujarat as several prominent leaders had left but the partys expansion continued.
;;-0.5789;;new delhi: the entire map of rural india on a government website turned green indicating the end of open defecation , as soon as prime minister modi announced in his historic houston event that the country had rid itself of this shameful age-old habit.
;;0.5719;;on sunday, modi had told the gathering of indian americans that when the country celebrates the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi , it will bid farewell to open defecation.
;;0.0;;during his independence day speech in 2015, modi had announced that the requirement of interviews for group d, c and b non-gazetted posts would be done away with to curb corruption.
;;0.0;;modi asked rudraamma in hindi.
;;0.0;;modi then asked the three women whether they made dosas and idlis at home before getting an lpg cylinder.
;;0.0;;modi then asked them whether he would get dosas if he visits their houses.
;;0.4019;;with around 3,000 tigers, india has emerged as of one of the biggest and safest habitats for them in the world, pm modi said as he lauded all the stakeholders involved in the country's tiger conservation exercise.
;;0.4767;;it is just an inaugural flight and that the regular operation of the international flight to sharjah will start from february 16airport activist, rajesh modi said, the air india express is yet to get slot approval for its february 16 flight operations from surat to sharjah and that the inaugural flight will be flagged off on january 30 by pm.
;;0.8807;;ujjwala scheme +10 crore new lpg connections +new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said munshi premchands celebrated short story idgah inspired him to launch the, under which over 4 crore families have got free lpg connections since its launch from ballia in up in 2016.
;;0.6705;;modi said, narrating how the central character of the story, hamid, buys a pair of tongs from an idgah fair to save his grandmother from burns while cooking.
;;0.7003;;and gives strength to our resolve of providing gas connections to every family, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said the bjp government had provided lpg connections to 10 crore households in the span of four years, a task which previous governments could not achieve in decades.
;;0.128;;modi said previous governments were obsessed with helping the classes and not the masses due to which common people were bereft of lpg facility for decades.
;;0.7351;;modi said, if we are able to see a united india now, it was entirely on account of the sagacity and strategic wisdom of sardar patel.
;;0.5859;;we've seen how our army was successful, modi said.
;;0.743;;whether junagadh , hyderabad, travancore, or for that matter the princely states of rajasthan, if we are able to see a united india now, it was entirely on account of the sagacity and strategic wisdom of sardar patel, modi said.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister modi and bjp president amit shah on friday asked party mps to reach out to the people to expose the lies of the opposition parties which have paralysed parliament for three weeks over various issues.
;;0.802;;party leaders should try for instant sharing of information with people by using technology, modi said at the three-hour meeting, the first such gathering at the new party office, ministers gave presentations on the development projects including the focus on 115 least developed districts of the country.
;;0.4404;;stressing on building party offices in every district, modi said bjp operates from offices and not leaders residence, a swipe at the congress party.
;;0.2144;;modi said that the mandate to the party was not merely for governance but for the holistic uplift of the country.
;;-0.7845;;chennithala sought a reinvestigation in the fazal murder case after a former investigator alleged that cpm state secretary modi had asked him stop probe in the case when he was the home minister in the achuthanandan cabinet.
;;0.0;;patna: senior bjp functionary modi on tuesday said rajesh agrawal, the chartered accountant of mishail packers and printers pvt ltd, an alleged shell firm run by rjd chief lalu prasad's eldest daughter misa bharti and her husband shailesh kumar, has confessed to enforcement directorate (ed) that he had converted black money to the tune of rs 1.
;;0.5267;;modi said agrawal has confessed to ed that shares of the firm were sold at the rate of rs 100 in 2008, three years after the firm was closed, and purchased again at the rate of rs 10 per share 11 months later.
;;0.296;;modi said the funds generated from trade of the shares were later used to purchase a farm house in posh bijwasan in south delhi.
;;0.0;;other family members of lalu, including his two minister sons - tejashwi prasad yadav and tej pratap - should also clarify whether other benami properties are theirs or not, modi said.
;;0.6124;;it's been done by a party which is governing the state, modi told a huge gathering at a yuva morcha meet here.
;;0.0;;modi said his government had made efforts to make all kitchens in the country smoke-free.
;;-0.6705;;varanasi/new delhi: in what appeared to be a dig at the opposition, prime minister modi on tuesday asked people to give the right punishment at the right time to those who mocked the countrys first semi high-speed train, vande bharat express , and the governments make in india programme.
;;0.25;;without taking any name, modi said, when our engineers are converting a diesel locomotive into an electric engine and rolling out semi-high speed train, some people are insulting our best scientific brains.
;;0.8591;;applauding the success of railway engineers for this indigenous product, modi said the country is proud of the engineers and their hard work.
;;0.0;;addressing a public rally after taking a round of various tourist facilities, modi said that the statue of unity (sou) has put kevadiya colony on the global tourism map, which is evident from the massive surge in tourist influx at the worlds tallest statue.
;;0.5106;;, modi told a cheering crowd.
;;0.6808;;referring to the dam reservoir reaching its full level, modi said sardar patels dream has come true after decades.
;;0.4939;;i congratulate the organizers for choosing this location, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi had asked him to continue for two weeks.
;;0.802;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday said the achievements of his government in 2018 will fill everyone with glory, and hoped the journey towards the path of development will continue into 2019 as well.
;;0.5423;;the year 2018 would fill everyone with glory, modi said.
;;0.0516;;earlier, prime minister modi had claimed that no government has done more for dalits that bjp while up government said that 25 district magistrates and seven divisional commissioners are from sc or obc categories, making up 33  and 39  of the total posts, respectively.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister modi , while speaking in parliament, said the incident pained him and advocated for the maximum punishment.
;;-0.1027;;none of us has the right to insult jharkhand, modi said in his reply to the motion of thanks to the president's address in rajya sabha on wednesday.
;;-0.2263;;earlier in the day, addressing the media outside parliament before the commencement of the first session of the 17th lok sabha, modi said, when we come to parliament, we should forget 'paksh' (treasury) and 'vipaksh' (opposition).
;;0.8519;;underlining the importance of an active opposition in a parliamentary democracy, modi said he hopes the opposition will speak actively and participate in house proceedings.
;;0.0;;during the campaign, pm modi said former pm manmohan singh attended a meeting at aiyars residence in new delhi with the high commissioner of pakistan and the former pakistan foreign minister.
;;0.3612;;emphasised on healthcare including india's traditional healing measures, yoga and our present efforts like the world's largest healthcare programme, ayushman bharat, modi said on twitter.
;;0.4215;;results will not make any material impact on the stocks and markets but the outcome of karnataka elections will be a crucial event to watch out for before making a move, said modi , founder and ceo, samco securities.
;;0.4019;;the late prime minister never compromised on the ideology of the party, modi said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said vajpayee as a speaker was unparalleled.
;;-0.2023;;though he was away from public glare for nearly a decade due to ill health, the way people gave him a farewell on his demise showed the mark he had created in people's minds, modi said.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said the government was working to bring 50  of the country's crop area under a new insurance scheme in 2018-19 and would complete 50 of 99 targeted irrigation projects by end of this year and the remaining by next year.
;;0.0;;bengaluru chose the infamous trio of kj george roshan baig and na haris , that prime minister modi said were defaming bengaluru.
;;0.7184;;india's armed forces, especially our navy, are building partnerships in the indo-pacific region for peace and security, as well as humanitarian assistance and disaster relief, modi had said on friday.
;;0.7269;;prahlad modi , president of the gujarat fair price shop owners association, on monday said that the association submitted a list of their demands from the state government, including an increase in commission from foodgrain sales to terms at par with other states like rajasthan, delhi, maharashtra, kerala and goa.
;;-0.5106;;we have given them an ultimatum as the government has failed to meet our demands, several of which we had raised in may last year, modi , the brother of prime minister modi , said.
;;0.3182;;modi said the association wanted the software currently being used to operate the annapurna yojana at fair price shops to be replaced as it has many technical glitches.
;;0.0;;the software sometimes fails to read fingerprints and aadhaar card details of beneficiaries, forcing them to return without their monthly quota of subsidised foodgrain, modi said.
;;-0.4767;;modi said shopowners had been deprived of income due to the policy of the central and state governments to reduce use of kerosene and instead supply gas under the ujjwala yojana.
;;0.4019;;in an election rally in chhattisgarh on friday, modi had asked the congress to make a congressman, from outside the nehru-gandhi family, president of the party for five years.
;;0.2023;;i request prime minister modi and union sports minister rajyavardhan rathore to help me, said mohan's father rajendra parmar with tears rolling down his eyes.
;;0.7845;;we will jointly work for an open, independent and prosperous indo pacific region where sovereignty and international laws are respected and where differences are resolved through talks, modi said in a media statement in the presence of the vietnamese president.
;;0.6249;;during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
;;0.4588;;prime minister modi had announced interest subsidy for two categories of middle income groups (migs) in urban areas with annual income of up to rs 18 lakh, which came into effect from january 2017.
;;0.7184;;new delhi: prime minister modi said on wednesday that a grand museum dedicated to all his predecessors will be built in the capital even as he took a dig at congress for trying to erase memories of all former prime ministers who didn't belong to the nehru-gandhi clan.
;;0.0;;modi said if today's generation is asked about morarji desai and lal bahadur shastri, they hardly know about them.
;;0.0;;there is need for new political culture, modi said adding that the museum is an initiative in that direction.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 14, 2018new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday said that financial inclusion has become a reality for 1.
;;0.6705;;addressing a gathering at fintech festival in singapore , pm modi said that digital payments are a gateway to a world of possibilities, adding that they increase the productivity of individuals and our economy.
;;0.128;;modi said through aadhaar and cellphones, his government has launched jan dhan yojana and opened 330 million new bank accounts in three years.
;;0.0;;so today, more than a billion biometric identities, more than a billion bank accounts and more than a billion cell phones give india by far the biggest public infrastructure in the world, modi said.
;;0.891;;appreciating the fintech festival as a celebration of belief, modi said, there is explosion of fintech innovation and enterprise in india and it can be used to make world a better place.
;;0.8225;;at no time in history were we blessed with so many possibilities to make opportunities and prosperity a reality in a lifetime for billions, to make the world more humane and equal between rich and poor, between cities and villages, between hopes and achievements, pm modi said at the event.
;;0.0;;it works on people's mandate), modi said at a rally in cuttack on saturday in an oblique reference to the gandhi family.
;;0.4019;;referring to the show of strength by various political parties at the swearing-in ceremony of karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy, modi said, the fear of our government's move to crack down on black money has brought many to a common platform.
;;0.0;;looking back at the 2014 lok sabha elections, modi said the world was left spellbound when india chose a majority government after a gap of 30 years.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister modi on november 8, 2016, announced a ban on then in use rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination bank notes with immediate effect.
;;0.7884;;you have given your best only and will give us several more reasons to smile, pm modi told scientists in bengaluru.
;;0.8271;;praising isro for taking the country to new heights, prime minister modi said: the isro is recognised by the world as one of the greatest space agencies.
;;0.0;;modi says kcr is an agent of sonia gandhi and congress.
;;0.0;;congress and trs are two sides of the same coin, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said it will be his 12th meeting with abe since he first visited japan as prime minister in september 2014.
;;0.6597;;japanese investors have faith in india's economic future, which is marked with myriad opportunities, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi, in his talk, said, .
;;0.0;;5 lakh jobs, prime minister modi announced at the up investors summit here on wednesday.
;;0.0;;describing the two-day up investors summit as the foundation for building a new uttar pradesh, prime minister modi said the corridor would open up development in the state by linking the agra, aligarh, jhansi and chitrakoot belts.
;;-0.8957;;up has the potential of becoming the growth engine of the country with rich natural resources and vast manpower with more than 66  youth, but unfortunately there was an atmosphere of fear and insecurity which discouraged investors from coming to the state, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi also said the poorvanchal and bundelkhand expressways would transform the economy of the two regions as farmers and traders would get national and international connectivity.
;;0.296;;taking a dig at farm loan waiver schemes in rajasthan and mp where congress had won in recent state elections, pm modi said these agri schemes had fallen flat.
;;0.0;;the schemes announced on friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers, pm modi claimed.
;;-0.9067;;radhakrishnan claimed that modi directly asked him to stop the investigation and it was handed over to crime branch, when he probed the role of karayi chandrasekharan in this murder.
;;-0.8462;;new delhi: prime minister modi said on thursday that the fight against terror should not be seen as a war against islam or muslims but against a mindset that promotes extremism and hatred.
;;0.875;;it gives us confidence about our future and a rich diversity of traditions gives us strength to fight extremism, modi said, addressing a conference on islamic heritage: promoting understanding and moderation, which was attended by jordans king abdullah ii , who is on an official visit to india.
;;0.4019;;every belief professes humanitarian values, modi said, adding that he envisages a future where muslim youth are taught the humanitarian message of islam along with modern scientific and technological developments.
;;0.4939;;muslims must have the quran in one hand and a computer in the other, modi said.
;;0.4215;;modi, at a rally in nashik ahead of maharashtra assembly elections on thursday, had claimed that pawar, at a recent event, said he liked pakistan.
;;-0.6808;;on thursday, alleging that congress leaders' comments were being used by other countries and terror outfits against india, modi said, i can understand the confusion of the congress.
;;-0.9349;;begusarai: prime minister modi on sunday said that he shares the anger and anguish of every indian over the terrorist attack in pulwama.
;;0.7096;;new delhi: the government has been working to free the housing sector of corruption and middlemen to ensure people get their own houses without hassle, prime minister modi said today.
;;0.875;;we have been working to free the housing sector from middlemen, corruption and ensuring that the beneficiaries get their own home without hassles, modi said while addressing beneficiaries of the pradhan mantri awas yojna (pmay) through video conference.
;;0.3818;;modi said the focus is to ensure more women, 'divyang' (differently abled) , people from sc, st, obc and minority communities get access to housing.
;;0.2732;;during his first one-on-one meeting with president xi at the hubei provincial museum, prime minister modi told his host that this was his second visit to hubei province, surprising the chinese officials, who otherwise keep a track of all bilateral and official visits minutely.
;;0.4215;;modi told xi that when he was the gujarat chief minister, he had an opportunity to visit central china's hubei province on a study tour to learn about the massive three gorges dam.
;;0.0;;so i came on a study tour and spent a day at the dam, modi had told xi.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday asked the railways to focus on punctuality of trains and to make the journey safe for passengers.
;;0.0;;during the interaction, modi asked both railways and department of posts to focus on increasing digital transactions across their networks, especially using the bhim app.
;;0.3182;;agra: hitting out at congress , prime minister modi said that the party uses lies for political gains and it is seasonal.
;;-0.4404;;replying to a question of civic body sanitation worker, rajesh valmiki, who asked how to tackle congress partys allegations against the government, pm modi said, when elections were going on in delhi, they spread news about church attacks and intolerance.
;;0.1027;;later addressing a public meeting in the same venue, modi said: the bjp is dreaming of an india which is self-sufficient in defence production.
;;0.7783;;modi said the country will remember the leaders for their courage and heroic legacy.
;;0.4767;;expressing his respect for chandra shekhar azad, prime minister modi said: my humble tribute to the son of bharat mata, chandrasekhar azad, on his birth anniversary.
;;0.296;;modi said the congress and the communists talking about democracy was a big joke.
;;0.4767;;meanwhile, pm modi announced a relief of rs 1 lakh for the victim's family while the delhi government decided to give rs 5 lakh.
;;0.7351;;prime minister modi announced an ex-gratia relief of rs 1 lakh from the pm's relief fund to the next of the kin of the deceased e-rickshaw driver ravinder, 33, for espousing the social cause of swachh bharat.
;;0.4215;;but till that time volatility and whipsaws would persist, said modi , founder and ceo, samco securities and stocknote.
;;-0.9349;;begusarai: prime minister modi said on sunday he shares the anger and anguish of every indian over the terrorist attack in which 40 crpf personnel were martyred at pulwama in jammu and kashmir last thursday.
;;0.0;;i also express my sympathies with their families, modi said.
;;0.6283;;deputy cm modi (sumo) said the pm has assured the country that the sacrifices made by the crpf jawans wont go wasted.
;;0.0;;modi told this correspondent on tuesday that the regular lawyers would be provided digital id card.
;;0.5027;;pm modi , who was at the isro headquarters to witness the historic moment, asked the scientists to not lose hope and be courageous.
;;0.2732;;it is against the mindset that misleads our youth to inflict atrocities against innocents, modi said.
;;0.0;;india considered the entire world its family and built its identity with it, said pm modi , in the presence of king abdullah ii of jordan.
;;0.8481;;first impression is often the last impression, modi told mps, a large number of them first-timers, at the bjp parliamentary party meeting, sources said, as he asked them to work passionately for the development of their areas.
;;0.0;;modi also asked union ministers to carry out their parliament roster duty, when they are meant to be present in one of the houses as a government representative, and said he should be informed if they skip their duty, the sources said.
;;-0.3612;;asked to inaugurate a hospital for lepers, gandhi had said that he would rather be invited to put a lock on it, modi said, stressing on the need to eradicate the disease.
;;0.0;;modi also asked them to work with local authorities for their constituency's development.
;;-0.2263;;hence, we have demanded that the government set up the new port at lakadi port, which is near the existing main harbour, said modi , president of porbandar fishermen's association and a member of porbandar kharva samaj.
;;0.5927;;but with the backing of the rss, jaitley succeeded in getting modi announced as the chairperson of the bjp's election campaign committee.
;;0.6369;;after beginning his speech in yavatmal in the local banjara dialect, paying tributes to the communitys saints like sevalal and speaking for a while in marathi, modi said his government had worked tirelessly for farmers and pointed to the rs6,000 that his government would place annually directly in their bank accounts as income support and the sum of rs3,000 offered to workers in the unorganised sector as pension.
;;0.0;;' (modi said) 'kashmir', trump said during his talks with khan, their first since the latter came to power in august, 2018.
;;0.6476;;jammu: prime minister modi told me to make jammu and kashmir so prosperous that the people of pakistan occupied kashmir ( pok ) would want to come and settle here, governor satya pal malik said on saturday.
;;0.0;;during his political address at churu, modi said that under the scheme, 1 crore small farmers had received rs 2,000 each without any middleman transferred into their bank accounts.
;;0.3818;;modi said up, tamil nadu maharashtra and other governments have submitted the list and their farmers are getting the benefits.
;;0.4588;;i will humbly ask the cm ashok gehlot to provide the required information in the interest of farmers, said modi.
;;0.0;;our government has made it possible for the scheme to happen within 25 days of the announcement, said modi.
;;0.4902;;i urge them to join the ayushman bharat scheme so that benefit can reach to the needy, said modi.
;;0.4404;;taking a dig at leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azads comment that he preferred a better old india, modi said, now they are slamming new india.
;;-0.6908;;in a tweet, prime minister modi said: saddened by the loss of lives due to storms in some parts of the country.
;;0.7096;;and last year, while pushing his idea of new economy-new rules, modi had proudly announced: on every macro-economic parameter - inflation, current account deficit, fiscal deficit, gdp growth, interest rates, fdi inflow - india is performing well.
;;0.1689;;hundreds of women workers had gathered in adalaj near ahmedabad on saturday for a two-day national convention of the womens wing of the bjp for the first time in independent india, most of the flagship initiatives of the government are centred on women, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said that of the 34 crore jan dhan yojana accounts, 18 crore are of women.
;;0.2732;;as for the mera booth, sabse mazboot slogan, modi asked women workers to reach out to all voters in every booth, understand their issues, and convince them that the government is working for their well-being.
;;0.4404;;i commend the initiative of the womens wing to come up with the booklet titled 5 years, 50 schemes, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said that women have been on the forefront of social change.
;;0.5859;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said the opposition hype that bjp will fall short of 200 seats in the 2019 lok sabha polls is just a ploy to win over potential allies for their gatbandhan.
;;0.3612;;they will have to talk big to attract people to themselves, modi said in an interview to ani when asked about the oppositions claims of club 180- that the modi magic had waned and bjp would not get more than 180 seats.
;;0.0;;the narrative continues, modi said.
;;0.0772;;about bjps congress-mukt slogan, modi said, when i say congress-mukt, i want to rid the country of the congress culture of casteism, dynastic politics, nepotism.
;;0.128;;cpm state secretary modi said ldf's election campaign will formally be launched on march 2 in thrissur.
;;-0.9794;;mathura: recalling the horrific 9/11 terrorist attack in the us, prime minister modi said on wednesday that terrorism has now become a global threat and an ideology not confined to any single nation and is deeply rooted and flourishing in pakistan now terrorism has become an ideology which is not confined to the boundary of any nation.
;;0.9186;;of the three exhortations, i hope the fm and her legion of tax officials and investigators heard the pm's second exhortation loud and clear  p. chidambaram (@pchidambaram_in) 1565922470000wealth creators are india's wealth, shouldn't be eyed with suspicion: pm modi in his independence day address, pm modi on thursday said wealth creators should not be eyed with suspicion and that they are country's wealth and should be respected.
;;0.6597;;once people of india decide to do something, there is no force that can prevent them from getting the desired results, said prime minister modi emphasising how the commitment was fulfilled four years in advance.
;;0.4019;;releasing the tiger census report at his official residence on international tiger day on monday, modi said, with around 3,000 tigers, india has emerged as of one of the biggest and safest habitats for them in world.
;;0.8979;;prime minister modi in his keynote address at the shangri-la dialogue in singapore, asia's premier defence and strategic affairs conference, last week had said that asia and the world will have a better future when india and china work together with trust and confidence while being sensitive to each other's interests.
;;-0.3412;;speaking in silchar on friday, modi had said, the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016 is not in favour of anyone.
;;0.4404;;speaking during the supplementary budget debate in the state legislative assembly, adityanath said prime minister modi had asked the state to accept the challenge.
;;0.0;;revealing this at an interactive session with the federation of indian chamber of commerce and industry (ficci) executives, modi said that he has formally put forward the proposal to the government of india, which is going very slow on the project.
;;0.4939;;gujarat, on the other hand, is all equipped for its speedy completion, modi reportedly said.
;;0.4404;;modi also announced that the state government has decided to implement an incentive policy for the defence equipment manufacturing industries.
;;0.5267;;modi said he would come up with encouraging policies for agro-processing industries.
;;-0.9186;;whenever they open their mouths, they fire off lies like ak 47, modi said said, asking bjp workers to counter the disinformation campaign by apprising people of factspm modi sought to assure the cadre that oppositions allegations were finding no resonance among people and on the contrary, such charges have put off members of the general public who were upset with the negativity, the refusal to recognise the good work that has been done and the abuses and insults which have been trained even at the army.
;;-0.4023;;people dont trust such people and you will realise this if you carry out a random survey, modi told bjp workersthe pm was also scathing about the effort to forge an anti-bjp front.
;;0.34;;sco summit +modi will hold bilateral meetings +excited to lead delegation for india's first-ever sco summit as a full member, says pm modi ahead of the two-day shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit beginning tomorrow in china, prime minister modi on friday said he was excited to lead the indian delegation for the grouping's first-ever meeting with the country as a full member.
;;0.6452;;modi answered questions posed by reporters in hindi he (pm modi) actually speaks very good english, he just doesn't want to talk, trump joked when prime minister modi asked reporters to let the leaders talk in privacy.
;;0.6369;;addressing the gathering at a packed pandal at hemchndracharya north guarat university ground, modi said, we have to join the development march together and make it unparalleled so that the coming generation should reap the sweet fruits of the plants we are sowing.
;;-0.802;;prime minister modi , in an address in ranchi, on thursday said development and the fight against corruption and terrorism during the first 100 days of the nda 2.
;;0.0;;in nashik on wednesday, prime minister modi said the decision to revoke provisions under article 370 was a decision for india's unity.
;;0.4756;;lashing out at nationalist congress party leader sharad pawar for not supporting the decision to amend article 370, modi said, he (pawar) likes the neighbouring country.
;;0.6597;;new delhi: on a day when congress president rahul gandhi appointed his younger sister, priyanka, party general secretary, prime minister modi said bjp is the only party that remains democratic while others have been reduced to family fiefs.
;;0.6597;;in most other cases in our country, it is families that have been working as parties whereas in bjp, it is the party that is the family), modi said.
;;0.4019;;ranchi: prime minister modi on thursday said the nda government had shown, within the first 100 days of its second term, the will and determination to send the corrupt where they belong.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi during his recent visit to the diamond city had announced construction of water aerodromes in tapi for seaplane services connecting surat with statue of unity (sou) under udan-3 scheme.
;;0.0;;(aap urban maowadi ke raksha ke liye bayanbaazi karte ho, unke khilaf agar sarkar kanooni karwahi kare to aap unko bachane ke liye maidan mein aate ho), modi told a rally at jagdalpur, his first ahead of elections in maoist-affected areas on november 12.
;;-0.7351;;urban maoists live in air-conditioned surroundings, move in luxury cars and send their children to study abroad, but ruin the lives of children here, modi said and targeted congress for defending naxals who he described as monsters who put guns in the hands of children and burn schools.
;;-0.3919;;modi said the congress-led upa government was at the centre for 10 years, but never paid attention to the needs of chhattisgarh and blocked all development for the state.
;;0.0;;modi asked.
;;0.0;;now, i personally review them with officials concerned every month, modi said.
;;0.3818;;modi said tourism sector has recorded a whopping growth under nda regime.
;;0.34;;the us president had on monday claimed that prime minister modi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir.
;;0.4019;;using his personal app to connect with the partys kisan morcha leaders in karnataka , modi asked his party workers to propagate several farmerfriendly schemes introduced by his government over the past four years.
;;0.3612;;earlier in his departure statement, modi said his visit was reflective of the importance we both attach to our relationship.
;;0.2732;;aurangabad ( maharashtra ): stating that the government is committed to improving the condition of the women through various means, prime minister modi said on saturday that a new big mission has begun which directly affects all the women in the country.
;;0.0;;we have also provided gas cylinders to eight crore families and counting, modi said addressing a meeting of women belonging to self-help groups here.
;;0.936;;very soon, the nation will declare itself open defecation free, i have faith that by 2022 when we will celebrating 75 years of the country's independence, we will be able to fulfill all our promises, modi said.
;;0.5652;;our scientists tried really hard but faced a hurdle, i was amidst them today morning, they were a bit emotional but were also excited to move forward with double pace, modi said.
;;-0.7184;;it is now time for all humanitarian forces to rise above their narrow confines and come together to deal with this danger, said modi , adding that countries which supported terrorism needed to be held responsible.
;;0.6908;;initiatives like the international north-south transport corridor, chabahar port and ashgabat agreement clarify the focus of india on connectivity, modi said.
;;0.6666;;we need an open and all-inclusive trade policy at the wto so that the interests of all countries, specially the developing ones, can be taken care of, modi said.
;;0.5574;;modi said the government will always protect the interests of the state.
;;0.0;;), modi said while addressing a public meeting in silvassa, the capital of the union territory of dadra & nagar haveli.
;;0.0;;, says pm modi when a student, selected through isro's ' https://t.
;;0.2023;;quick edit:mumbai: prime minister modi on saturday said the isro scientists will be undeterred by the setback on the chandrayaan-2 mission, and asserted the nation will achieve its goal of reaching the moon.
;;0.8399;;the dream of reaching the moon will be accomplished isro and those working with it won't stop, get tired or sit down, modi said, speaking at an event in the financial capital later in the day.
;;-0.4767;;modi said the scientists are not the naysayers who shy away from challenges or chicken out at the first sight of difficulty.
;;-0.5423;;the whole nation is with you, modi told the crestfallen scientists.
;;0.34;;surat: referring to the recent study by london-based oxford economics that surat will be the fastest growing city in the world through 2035, prime minister modi said that the future belongs to surat and other nine fastest growing cities of india.
;;0.6808;;congratulating the huge crowd present at the foundation stone laying ceremony of surat terminal building expansion on wednesday, modi said, all top 10 fastest growing cities in the world till 2035 are in india and surat is on the top.
;;-0.7783;;blaming the upa government for their political indifference towards surat, modi said, i remember, surtis had to do protests, dharnas and hunger strike for developing surat airport.
;;0.0;;in just four-and-a-half years, from mere one or two flights, surat airport has 72 flights in a day, said modi.
;;0.7096;;also, the cargo complex at surat airport will boost the exports from surat and people visiting from other countries will save time and money, said modi.
;;-0.1779;;modi, president of gujarat fair price shop owners and kerosene license holder association, said that the gujarat government has continued to turn deaf ears towards their demands, and they are left with no remedy but to go on indefinite strike.
;;0.0;;modi also said that gujarat has 1.
;;0.0;;modi later told reporters that he has submitted representations to the food and civil supply minister- jayesh radadiya, and director of food and civil supply department, but their demands were not considered.
;;0.0;;when i made representation recently, the minister and the secretary told me that they would draw chief minister vijay rupani's attention towards our demands, said modi.
;;0.8779;;if the government gains wisdom and considers our demands, then it would be in interest of fair price shop owners and the people of gujarat, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi had also said he would send gowda to an old age home, sharma alleged.
;;0.0;;this is the section which is called 'professional pessimists', modi said.
;;0.0772;;patna: deputy cm modi , who also holds the finance portfolio, on monday announced a one-time settlement scheme for disposing of disputes releated to the erstwhile value added tax (vat) regime.
;;0.0;;modi, who chaired the third pre-budget meeting with stakeholders here, also announced that the returns submitted for the first quarter of 2017-18 under vat regime would be considered as the yearly return for that fiscal.
;;0.2732;;the turnover limit for registration under goods and services tax (gst) has been increased from rs 20 lakh to rs 40 lakh, modi said.
;;0.0;;provisions have also been made for more than one registration in a state with one pan, but tax cannot be paid without submitting the returns, modi said.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: prime minister modi on thursday said bengaluru represents hindustan on the world stage and said the development of karnataka's capital is his government's utmost priority.
;;0.0;;quizzed by his 'colleague' rajajinagar mla s suresh kumar over the centre's priorities for bengaluru, during a video interaction with bjp workers from poll-bound karnataka, modi said: for me, bengaluru represents not just the state of karnataka but entire hindustan on the world stage.
;;0.2732;;modi said the centre was forever committed towards bengaluru's development and that the recent announcement of rs 7,000 crore in union budget 2018-19 towards the suburban rail network is a prime example of this intent.
;;0.0;;on the industrial front, prime minister modi announced 'make in india', 'startup india', 'digital india' and many more things.
;;-0.6369;;mathura: prime minister modi said here on wednesday that it is unfortunate that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow.
;;-0.7003;;those who are bent upon destroying the nation have left no stone unturned, said modi.
;;0.4939;;modi had announced in new delhi that on his way to singapore, he will make a brief halt in malaysia to meet mahathir and congratulate the new malaysian leadership.
;;0.0;;modi asked.
;;-0.7579;;after listing more than a dozen instances where congress leaders had criticised him, modi said, i was called a monkey, a mentally retarded person, ravan, yamraj, bhasmasur and even napunsak (impotent).
;;-0.2023;;modi asked people what they would do if they were abused like this.
;;-0.2263;;ahmedabad: prime minister modi while speaking at a public meeting in kalol asked the congress and its senior leaders to clarify whether they are advocating for ram temple or babri masjid for the last two days, a top congress leader and an illustrious lawyer who fights anyones case has been speaking (on ram temple case).
;;0.0;;if you cannot speak on this, ask your new leader to speak on this, modi said.
;;-0.0258;;porbandar boat association president modi said, we have told our fishermen to inform security agencies about any suspicious activity.
;;0.875;;speaking at the rally, pm modi said it is an honour that his government had the opportunity of conferring a padma award on narayanan.
;;0.0;;pm modi also said that not one of india's many women chief ministers has been a communist leader.
;;0.0;;modi claimed 100  household electrification in arunachal under the saubhagya scheme and also laid the foundation for a permanent campus of film and television institute of india (ftii) at jote.
;;0.2732;;prime minister modi said he addressed the session where he highlighted india's large scale efforts towards eliminating single use plastic, conserving water, harnessing solar energy and, protecting flora and fauna for a sustainable future.
;;0.0;;in his address to the indian community at the unesco headquarters in paris last week, modi said india will achieve most of the cop 21 climate change goals set for 2030 in the next one and half years.
;;0.9274;;prime minister modi said he hoped that the festival will further the spirit of peace and happiness in the society.
;;0.0;;pm modi himself has said this.
;;0.4005;;pm modi with shinjo abe (r) (ani photo)kobe: prime minister modi on thursday said the bilateral strategic ties between india and japan will become more robust as india aims to be a $5 trillion economy in the next five years.
;;0.0;;there was a time when we were collaborating in building cars and today we are collaborating in building a bullet train, modi said.
;;0.0;;by 2022, india will also launch its first manned mission 'gaganyaan', modi said.
;;0.4939;;addressing the indian community in this japanese city, prime minister modi said japan has played an important .
;;0.3818;;read morekobe: prime minister modi said on thursday the ties between india and japan have become stronger from the time the two countries cooperated to make a car to coming together to manufacture the bullet trains.
;;0.4939;;addressing the indian community in this japanese city, prime minister modi said japan has played an important role in india's economic development.
;;0.4005;;modi said the bilateral ties are going to become more robust as india aims to become a usd 5 trillion economy in the next five years.
;;0.7311;;since modi announced the ambitious project on october 2, 2014, the number of toilets in goa has increased by 16  to 28,637, but this is attributed to the organic growth of toilets.
;;0.7003;;prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping looking on along the east lake, in wuhan (afp photo)the smile diplomacy can be successful, but only within certain limits, said june teufel dreyer, a university of miami political science professor and author of middle kingdom and empire of the rising sun -- a 2016 book on china-japan ties.
;;0.0;;addressing a farmers rally which coincided with the 75th birthday of bjp state president b s yeddyurappa, modi told the massive crowd: this seeda rupaiyya sarkar should not be allowed to continue even for a minute.
;;-0.296;;continuing his rhetorical allegations that the state congress government was corrupt, modi said: no public work in the state happens without paying commission for a project.
;;0.0;;modi said money released by the centre had not been spent by the state government.
;;0.5423;;modi claimed as much as rs 55 crore released towards minimum support price (msp) has been kept pending with the state treasury.
;;0.7906;;appreciating the work of women, who are driving e-rickshaws for livelihood, modi said that these woman have shown that with hard work, a new path can be laid out to inspire people.
;;0.0;;bihar deputy chief minister modi has said the police were directed to take sternest possible action against baitha irrespective of his political affiliations.
;;-0.5106;;in new delhi, the ministry of external affairs rejected trump's claim that modi ever asked for mediation on kashmir.
;;-0.4767;;ahmedabad: unleashing a scathing attack at the opposition during a poll campaign in palanpur, prime minister modi on sunday claimed that congress leaders had held a secret meeting with pakistani envoy and foreign minister of the neighbouring country before mani shankar aiyar had called him a neech person.
;;-0.6369;;if lotus blooms in all the polling booths then no power of the world can defeat the bjp, said modi.
;;0.0;;taking a jibe at congress vice-president rahul gandhi , pm modi said, this region, which was infamous for its dust-storm, has now become famous in the entire country for its potato cultivation.
;;0.0;; blood and water cannot flow together, modi had told a meeting of government officials on the indus treaty 11 days later.
;;0.4588;;modi said the common man had found space in the awards category as a result of changes made in the nomination process in the past three years.
;;0.5859;;he has been trying to get children inspired to conduct scientific experiments using waste; towards this end he has been encouraging children by showing them films made in 18 languages in 3,000 schools across the country, modi said.
;;0.0516;;today, thousands of poor people are treated free of cost in this hospital that has come up through hardwork, modi said.
;;-0.34;;warning the nation against a possible mahagathbandhan rule post the 2019 lok sabha elections, modi said the proposed coalition would be an epitome of misgovernance and cited the example of karnataka.
;;0.4767;;only a few months into power, kumaraswamy is already burdened by the congress and has been reduced to a clerk, modi said, quoting reports in a section of media, which had claimed that kumaraswamy got emotional while addressing the jd(s) legislature party meeting and said he was working like a clerk.
;;-0.4767;;does karnataka need a commission sarkar or a mission sarkar, modi had asked, launching an attack on siddaramaiah in his home turf mysuru.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: power is like oxygen for some people with restlessness setting in if they are out of it for even two or five years, prime minister modi said on monday while taking a jibe at the opposition but without naming anybody or any party.
;;0.0;;releasing a rs 100 commemorative coin in the memory of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee on the eve of his 94th birth anniversary, modi said the late premier spent most of his political life in the opposition benches but always thought of the country and its people.
;;0.4019;;discussing vajpayee's political journey, modi said he always kept the nation and democracy before himself and the party.
;;0.4019;;likewise, when the choice was between remaining in power or comprising on ideology, he left janata party and formed the bjp, modi said.
;;0.6369;;vajpayee's prowess as a speaker was unparalleled, modi said, describing him as among the best orators india had produced.
;;-0.2023;;though he was away from public glare for nearly a decade due to ill health, the way people gave him a farewell on his demise showed the mark he had created in people's minds, modi said.
;;0.3818;;modi said he would go to vajpayee's memorial on tuesday to reiterate his commitment to the ideology and path shown by the statesman.
;;-0.2586;;(ap)mahasamund/ chhindwara : continuing his tirade against congress over appointment of someone outside of the nehru-gandhi family as party chief, prime minister modi on sunday claimed that dalit leader sitaram kesri was not allowed to complete his term and was thrown out of office to the footpath to make way for sonia gandhi addressing an election rally on the last day of electioneering in chhattisgarh , the pm said four generations of gandhi family ruled the country but did nothing to help the people.
;;0.0;;modi said that earlier delhi had a remote-controlled government and the remote was in the hands of a family that was afraid of bjp.
;;-0.4019;;claiming that chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh had to face a lot of problems from congress-led upa at the centre, modi said for 10 years the centre was ruled by a remote-controlled government, which never paid attention to the state.
;;-0.128;;jaipur: prime minister modi on thursday will announce the expansion of ' beti bachao beti padhao ' (bbbp) programme from the existing 161 to 640 districts all over the country and launch the national nutrition mission on the occasion of international women's day, in jhujhunu recently, jhunjhunu attained a remarkable achievement from having the worst sex ratio at birth among rajasthan districts to attaining minimum gender gap.
;;0.2023;;52nd african development bank (afdb) meet in gujarat's gandhinagar +new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said that africa is top priority for india's foreign and economic policy and there isn't a single african country which hasn't been visited by an indian minister.
;;0.8555;;india's partnership with africa is based on a model of cooperation which is responsive to the needs of african countries, pm modi said while speaking at theindia has had strong ties with africa for centuries and the rich swahili language includes some hindi words, he added.
;;0.25;;it doubled in the last five years to reach nearly seventy-two billion us dollars in 2014-15i am proud to say that there is no country in africa that hasn't been visited by an indian minister in the last three years, pm modi said, adding, i along with president and vice president have together visited 16 african countries in the past.
;;-0.6249;;cpm state secretary modi said the operations of rss-bjp resembled the taking over of golden temple at amritsar by khalistan terrorists in the '80s.
;;0.0;;there was a march to the house of state police chief loknath behera in odisha, modi said.
;;0.1779;;on the criticism levelled by union minister k j alphons, modi said alphons should go back and ask prime minister modi to promulgate an ordinance to circumvent the supreme court order if he really wanted to keep his word.
;;0.743;;new delhi: prime minister modi told bjps newly elected mps that they should work hard and improve their constituencies so that they are not dependent on his name and credentials to win in the 2024 elections.
;;0.34;;they have played with sentiments and feelings of people of chitradurga, modi said.
;;0.0;;aaj tak modi modiji ne kabhi nahi kahaan main backward community se hue (pm modi has never said he belongs to a backward community, gadkari said.
;;-0.8788;;this story is from november 27, 2018prime minister modi addresses a rally in bhilwara on mondaydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhilwara: addressing election rallies in poll-bound rajasthan on the 10th anniversary of 26/11 mumbai terror attacks, prime minister modi criticised the congress for teaching patriotism to opposition parties in 2008 and now demanding the proof for 2016 surgical strikes addressing his first election meeting of the day in bhilwara on monday, modi said the nation will never forget 26/11 mumbai and the perpetrators and was waiting for the appropriate time as law would take its course.
;;-0.836;;modi also said that during his four years of rule, terror attacks have been restricted to jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.7964;;amid ruckus in the assembly over recent communal clashes in bhagalpur and darbhanga, tejashwi said, deputy cm modi had categorically said the killing in darbhanga was the result of a land dispute.
;;0.3818;;addressing two rallies in bengal on saturday, modi said the meaning of sabka saath, sabka vikaas was clear in the interim budget that had something for every section of society.
;;-0.5994;;criticising congress poll promise of farm loan waiver as a trick to deceive the people, modi said such schemes had failed to help farmers in the long run.
;;0.0258;;pm-kisan, which will involve a cost of rs 75,000 crore, will eventually enable farmers to increase their income, modi claimed, adding that there would be no place for any syndicate or middlemen as money would be transferred directly into farmers accounts.
;;0.0;;as refunding is a big issue, the gstn decided on complete online refunding from september 24 this year from a single source, either by the central gst or state gst, modi said.
;;-0.4939;;addressing indian community at the unesco headquarters here after inaugurating a memorial in honour of the victims of two air india crashes in france in the 1950s and 1960s, prime minister modi said in 'new india' action is being taken against corruption, nepotism, loot of people's money, terrorism.
;;0.5106;;within 75 days of the new government coming to power, we took many strong decisions, pm modi said.
;;0.0;;asserting that people gave resounding mandate to the bjp government for building 'new india', modi , who is in france on the first leg of his three-nation tour, said that india is moving fast on the path of development.
;;0.5106;;prime minister modi said india will be free of tuberculosis in 2025.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, modi said that nss should keep its aristocratic style to itself.
;;-0.5267;;there is a limit of arrogance, modi said.
;;0.7351;;hope the bcas will initiate survey at surat airport and recommend deployment of cisf personnel to mha on an urgent basis, modi said.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: pm modi on monday asked bjp and its allies to make use of the last full session before lok sabha polls next year, saying their focus should be on making it beneficial for the government, country and people.
;;0.4404;;modi announced a direct flight from san francisco to new delhi during his 2015 speech in silicon valley, chamber members hope the same happens at houston, he said.
;;0.5859;;new delhi: days after seeking to address concerns related to angel tax, prime minister modi on friday said policy-makers should look at start-ups and the new economy with a fresh eye and advised greater sensitivity.
;;0.7003;;a healthy dialogue has happened between the community and the government, and i am told that a further order has been passed to give relief to start-ups, modi told a news website.
;;0.3818;;the notices came two years after modi had announced tax benefits, prompting a tweaking of rules by the department of industrial policy and promotion and the finance ministry.
;;0.8658;;davos: going beyond ease of doing business, prime minister modi has said that the government is focusing on improving the ease of living for the common man, in what is seen as the latest slogan for better governance.
;;0.0;;modi said over the last three years, nearly 1,400 central and state laws have been repealed.
;;0.0;;(ani)president trump says pm modi asked him to mediate between india & pakistan on kashmir!
;;-0.2023;;ahmedabad: in a bid to bring pressure on the state government to consider their demands, members of the fair price shop owners and kerosene license holders association in the state have stopped procuring essential commodities, said modi , the president of the association.
;;0.0;;modi said they made several attempts to meet state functionaries and negotiate, but the gujarat government did not consider it.
;;0.0;;we had been trying to talk to them, but the government is turning a deaf ear to our demands, said modi.
;;0.2023;;modi had earlier announced that fair price shop owners and kerosene license holders would go on an indefinite strike from may 28, if their demands are not met.
;;0.4404;;guwahati: after prime minister modi announced the centre's decision to name the dhola-sadiya bridge after bhupen hazarika, chief minister sarbananda sonowal on sunday announced his government's decision to set up a centre for showcasing art and culture of the northeast, which the legendary bard had popularized through his music, near the bridge.
;;0.0;;modi announced that bihar government would formulate bsapcc before march 31, 2012.
;;0.0;;we are working on increasing bihar's forest cover to 15 , modi told delegates.
;;0.0;;co/wevhymhwxl  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1563820127000president trump says pm modi asked him to mediate between india & pakistan on kashmir!
;;0.2732;;co/zxakhm1ygg  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1563866825000new delhi: donald trump's stunning claim that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue triggered a massive political row on tuesday even as the government asserted that no such request was made to the us president and all issues will have to be resolved with islamabad bilaterally.
;;-0.3678;;not satisfied with the government's statement, congress leader rahul gandhi said if trump's claim that modi asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue is true, the pm had betrayed the interests of the country.
;;0.0;;president trump says pm modi asked him to mediate between india & pakistan on kashmir!
;;0.0;;trump claimed that modi asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue when they met in osaka, japan, on the sidelines of the g-20 summit last month.
;;0.0;;' (modi said) 'kashmir', trump said.
;;0.3612;;minister dharmendra pradhan and cm yogi at city gas distribution programme on mondaycentre uses ujjawala to reach out to mbcsthe announcement comes a fortnight after prime minister modi announced the setting up of a commission to examine the possibility of giving reservation within quota to mbcs.
;;0.4019;;this should be put to an end in the 2019 elections and voters must vote for a single largest party, soma modi said.
;;0.4215;;he was helpful to the media by and large, modi said at a 'shradhanjali sabha' here.
;;0.4939;;his criticism came through a tweet as modi said that kerala was special to him and he visited guruvayur sri krishna temple in the state after winning his second term.
;;0.6369;;modi, who heard out the pleas of the fishing community, told them that the central government did its best in terms of search-and-rescue operations and would continue the same.
;;0.0;;the indian government, however, dismissed president trump's astonishing claim that prime minister modi had asked him to mediate.
;;-0.4939;;addressing party workers at the bjp headquarters in new delhi after the karnataka results were declared, modi said the country must take serious note of the violence in bengal where all leading parties except the one that rules bengal suffered.
;;0.0;;modi asked them about the plans for their daughters and gifted teddy bears to the children.
;;0.34;;modi asked her if she would let her daughter contest elections or play sports.
;;0.4939;;during his address after the session, modi said, i asked the mothers if their relatives had distributed sweets during the birth of their daughters.
;;0.0;;earlier on saturday, modi said, in punjab, congress does not even consider the cm as its own.
;;0.4404;;the three boyssanad baligeri, lekhraj surlakar and sumedh prabhudesaiare now trying to improve their device after modi asked them to incorporate an anti-collision feature.
;;-0.6597;;modi asked us if our parents scold us for coming to the tinkering lab and if our parents feel that we are wasting our time.
;;0.6734;;prime minister modi on saturday asked isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn and better tomorrow.
;;0.5423;;the ldf has to attract all secular forces into its fold as the congress no longer can be trusted in the fight against the rss or the bjp, cpm state secretary modi told reporters after the three-day party state committee meeting here on sunday.
;;0.802;;though the ldf could successfully handle the unique political situation in chengannur byelection by thwarting bjp's strategies, bjp and rss have a significant base in chengannur, which is evident in the 23   vote share it secured, modi said.
;;0.4019;;however, the party has not discussed about having any political alliance with the kc(m), 'which is still with the udf', modi said.
;;0.0;;the committee, however, did not discuss on any cabinet reshuffle, modi said.
;;0.2235;;biarritz: prime minister modi modis meeting with us president donald trump passed off without a hiccup with no offer of mediation on jammu and kashmir cropping up and trump, in fact, saying modi had told him the situation was under control.
;;0.8176;;ranchi: prime minister modi said at a rally in ranchi on thursday that the overwhelming mandate had ensured that his government had the numbers to take strong decisions like getting the triple talaq bill passed and nullifying articles 370 and 35a that guaranteed special status to j&k.
;;0.0;;0 being a kaamdar aur dumdaar (workaholic and strong) government, modi said, it is just the beginning of the five years we have.
;;0.34;;trump had on monday claimed that prime minister modi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir.
;;0.34;;us president trump had on monday claimed that prime minister modi had asked him to play the role of an mediator on kashmir.
;;0.0516;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said 10 crore lpg connections including 4 crore free to poor women, were given in last four years, compared to 13 crore in six decades since independence, as his government stepped up efforts to shield women and children from kitchen smoke.
;;0.7964;;modi said lpg is the cleanest and easily available source of energy that is giving women a healthier lifestyle, saving them time, helping them financially and saving the environment.
;;0.8271;;modi said the government is targeting one lakh lpg panchayats (peer learning platforms to support behaviour change in ujjwala beneficiaries) this year to boost the lpg refill consumption and provide a window for the benefits of cleaner fuel to become visible.
;;0.1695;;modi said he will never forget one of premchand's stories, idgah.
;;0.5499;;but i will continue my work, modi said while interacting with party mps through teleconferencing on the occasion of social reformer jyotiba phules birth anniversary.
;;0.5859;;after the talks, modi said india will continue to support nepal as per that country's priorities, adding both sides have agreed to expedite all connectivity projects.
;;0.2732;;modi also said the two countries agreed on laying a new railway line to link kathmandu with india.
;;0.8625;;the summit will provide an important opportunity to reiterate and reinforce our strong support to reformed multilateralism, which is crucial for preserving rule-based international order in today's fast-changing world, modi said.
;;0.6908;;on the sidelines, modi said, he looks forward to engaging with leaders of our major partner countries on important issues of bilateral and global importance.
;;0.4019;;addressing party workers in varanasi, modi said his government's budget for 2019-20 lays down a roadmap for nearly doubling the size of the economy.
;;-0.8074;;idukki: cpm state secretary modi has said that the iaf strike on terror camps in pakistan on tuesday was part of a bid by the bjp and rss to sabotage the upcoming lok sabha elections.
;;-0.34;;alapuzzha: raising a sharp criticism against nss general secretary g sukumaran nair, cpm state secretary modi said on saturday that there was no need for the party to pacify the nss.
;;-0.4588;;speaking to reporters here as part of the kerala samrakshana yatra, modi said, there is no need for the cpm to go behind feudal lords.
;;0.3818;;addressing a public meeting, modi said by 2022, when india celebrates its 75 years of independence, he wants to cut down on imported petroleum products.
;;0.0;;co/4knpsycrhn  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1567140449000new delhi: there must be enough civility in public life for differing streams to be able to hear each others point of view, prime minister modi said on friday.
;;0.4215;;washington: us president donald trump on monday stepped into the india-pakistan diplomatic minefield, offering to mediate in the kashmir issue between the two sides and claiming that prime minister modi has also asked him to help in the matter.
;;0.1571;;it is not clear how authentic is trump's claim that prime minister modi asked for his help in the matter given that the us president is prone to hyperbole.
;;-0.2732;;this story is from november 12, 2018representative imagebengaluru: barely 90 days after prime minister modi announced a human spaceflight mission isro ) has begun the process of drawing up a shortlist of experiments it will conduct in the low earth orbit (leo), where it intends to send indian astronauts (gaganauts).
;;-0.4767;;modi in his speech in parliament last week had said that those who had fled the country were now crying on twitter, making a veiled reference to mallya.
;;0.2023;;* pm modi in his departure statement said that the osaka summit will witness india addressing issues like women empowerment, artificial intelligence and common efforts to address terrorism as its top agenda.
;;0.0;;referring to water conservation, modi said without people's participation, it is not possible to carry out the task.
;;-0.4019;;pronouncing the word vikas thrice with an emphatic v, modi said the people of the state should reject the congress and elect a performing government in the next elections.
;;0.7184;;sporting colourful traditional regalia, representing the three prominent tribes of the state  the khasis, the jaintias and the garos  with the feathers on his headgear fluttering at the famous polo grounds, modi said coming to the abode of clouds always makes him happy.
;;0.4215;;modi said the congress government has favoured the mining mafia at the cost of the common people for 15 years.
;;0.6249;;saying the bjps only agenda is all-round and speedy development of the state, modi said, the bjp will ensure that meghalaya scales greater heights of development.
;;0.8858;;referring to how development is progressing in assam and manipur, where the bjp is in power, modi said his party will turn meghalaya into the most prized tourist destination in the country and ensure employment and security for all.
;;0.0;;this road will serve as an east-west corridor in meghalaya, modi said.
;;-0.4019;;saying he is only the second pm after morarji desai to have attended a plenary summit of the north eastern council (nec), which is headquartered in shillong, modi said the previous congress governments had been neglecting this premier institution.
;;0.3182;;naming prominent sportspersons from the state, modi said meghalaya has the potential to become a major sporting destination of the country.
;;0.4588;;during his address, prime minister modi said from stage that he was informed by chief minister jai ram thakur about the incident and all those who had suffered injuries would be given good treatment, free of cost.
;;0.6705;;stating that patel had a mix of kautilyas diplomatic skills and shivajis bravery, modi said had patel not annexed junagadh and hyderabad using force, people would have required visas to see asiatic lions in gir, pray at somnath temple or visit the char minar in hyderabad.
;;0.0;;describing how his government was following sardar patels principles of unity, modi said gst (one nation one tax), one nation one grid, e-nam and bharatmala are some of the initiatives for new india.
;;0.4019;;he mentioned that even prime minister modi has said that political parties are the most corrupt in country.
;;0.4939;;tokyo: prime minister modi on monday asked japanese businessmen to engage more with india as he interacted with top business leaders from the two countries at a forum here.
;;0.0;;modi, who arrived here on saturday to attend the 13th india-japan annual summit, said that the inputs offered at the business leaders forum will propel india to achieve global benchmarking.
;;0.0;;besides these sterling qualities, he was also a striking poet and a social reformer who emphasised goodwill and unity, modi said.
;;0.9118;;remembering may 1857 as the month in which indians displayed their strength against the british, and the youth and farmers stood up against injustices, as also for being the month and year in which savarkar was born, modi said, a wonderful account about savarkarji has been given by our dear honourable atal bihari vajpayeeji.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister modi , during a joint statement with russian president vladimir putin in the russian port city of vladivostok on wednesday, said that russia would train indian astronauts for the countrys maiden human spaceflight mission gaganyaan, scheduled for launch by 2021.
;;0.0;;5 lakh since it was unveiled and by october this year, the numbers are likely to cross 25 lakh, modi said.
;;0.5106;;exuding the same confidence in relations as was visible during last months modi-xi informal summit, modi said, our ties will continue to scale newer heights in the coming years.
;;0.7579;;after he was received by putin, modi said, i am happy that today i got the opportunity to be a guest of president putin and that too in sochi.
;;0.4215;;this is a laudable achievement, and is the power of his talent and imagination, modi had said.
;;-0.3612;;some people feel embarrassed in chanting 'bharat mata ki jai', said a combative modi.
;;-0.8442;;accusing congress of wheeling out 'lies after lies', modi said: lord ram too said some people only believed in lies and chewed on lies.
;;0.6096;;it is not possible that modi could have asked something like this as our policy has been established for years that we do not want any third party mediation, he told a tv channel.
;;0.5994;;this story is from october 29, 2018afp phototokyo: india is going through a massive transformative phase and international agencies say the country will drive the growth of the global economy in the coming decade, prime minister modi said monday as he invited the indian community in japan to contribute actively in building a new india.
;;0.1779;;modi said that india is continuously working with the spirit of indian solutions-global applications.
;;0.0;;this data is becoming the tool for service delivery, modi said.
;;0.0;;speaking about 'make in india' initiative, modi said the initiative has emerged as global brand.
;;0.1779;;modi said india is becoming one of the fastest growing big economy due to the development taking place in the country.
;;0.0;;paris: the first rafale aircraft will be handed over to india next month, said prime minister modi here on thursday.
;;-0.4019;;patna: deputy chief minister modi on sunday said the state government would provide 5  reservation to disabled persons in admission in schools and other educational institutes, apart from setting up a separate directorate to handle their problems and implement government schemes meant for them.
;;-0.0516;;speaking at the 18th foundation day function of bharat vikas viklang punarvas kendra cum sanjay anand viklang aspatal evam research centre ( savarc ) organized at gyan bhawan here, modi said the government would also give certificates to them at special camps organized at block headquarters.
;;0.0;;modi said of the 30-50 lakh persons who reported disability in bihar during the 2011 census, around 14 lakh had already been given certificates.
;;0.5574;;at present, the state welfare and health departments take care of the disabled persons, but now the two wings will be amalgamated into one and a separate directorate will be created, modi said.
;;0.7783;;co/fcvmkazw89  modi (@narendramodi) 1568436102000new delhi: prime minister modi on saturday said the hindi language has beautifully incorporated simplicity, spontaneity and elegance that provide meaningfulness to expression.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: prime minister modi said on monday that the ' ujjwala yojna ', a flagship welfare scheme of his government aimed at increasing lpg cylinder coverage among poor families, has led to a social transformation with over 45 per cent of its four crore beneficiaries being dalits and tribals.
;;0.7906;;the clean fuel is leading to healthy india, modi said, citing benefits of lpg fuel.
;;0.2023;;this initiative is playing a central role in social empowerment, modi said.
;;0.4939;;i congratulate the election commission and every person connected with the electioneering process and salute the aware voters of india, modi said.
;;0.0;;it was something in reference to what modi had told me in the assembly (in 2014).
;;0.5719;;plenty of work for pm modi , xi jinping with six meetings in 24 hours xi and modi will have as many as six meetings in a span of 24 hours, including one in a boat on east lake, to discuss major bilateral and global issues from, as modi said in his departure statement, a strategic and long-term perspective and respective visions and priorities.
;;0.4215;;this story is from december 13, 2018prime minister modi (reuters)new delhi: lives of around 840 more children under five years of age are being saved every day, as compared to four years ago because of government-led health interventions, prime minister modi said while inaugurating a global conference on maternal and child health in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.5423;;emphasising on his government's focus on healthcare, modi said ayushman bharat epitomises political commitment and has been hailed globally as an integrated health programme.
;;0.875;;praising the scientists, modi said, today, our resolve to touch and embrace the moon has only become stronger.
;;0.4767;;consoling him and other scientists, modi said, friends, i understood your condition last night.
;;0.8357;;there will be many more opportunities to be proud of and rejoice, modi said in his 23-minute speech.
;;-0.4118;;modi said there is no failure in science but only experiments and efforts, and efforts show new paths.
;;0.743;;recalling the past glories of the space agency, modi said, before chandrayaan-2, isro scientists had successfully completed the mars mission.
;;-0.25;;later, the minister also brushed aside the objections of the bjp to the ysrc governments move to cancel contracts, saying, prime minister modi himself said chandrababu naidu used polavaram project as an atm.
;;0.7717;;congress is the only party which has to be banished from our country, modi said at a rally at nizamabad where he clearly appeared to divide the opposition by targeting only the congress and saying that others were acceptable.
;;-0.128;;new delhi: prime minister modi on thursday said access to medicines is a big concern for the poor and his government's constant endeavour is to ensure affordable healthcare for every indian.
;;0.4404;;modi said several people are benefitting from pmbjp, an initiative of the government to provide medicines at affordable prices.
;;0.7351;;ins kalvari is a fine example of the success of 'made-in-india' project and is also a testimony to growing strategic partnership between india and france, pm modi said.
;;0.0258;;noting that there are many new faces in this lok sabha, pm modi said the first session of the lower house of parliament should begin with fresh zeal and new thinking.
;;-0.6801;;karamjit singh, a resident of gulmohar trends society , said after prime minister modi said that any kind of grievance can be submitted on the mann ki baat portal, a complaint was made there too.
;;0.6249;;new delhi: prime minister modi asked nda leaders to works towards creating an environment in favour of holding simultaneous lok sabha and assembly polls , a bjp ally said after a meeting of the ruling alliance.
;;0.886;;on the issue of simultaneous polls, modi said the leaders can start debating the matter and help create a positive atmosphere in its favour, a leader, who attended the meeting, said.
;;0.4404;;the budget will be prosperous for the economy, empower the poor and provide a better future to the youth of the country, modi said in a statement.
;;0.0;;pm modi said the budget for a 'new india' has a roadmap to transform the agriculture sector of the country.
;;0.4019;;announcing this at a press conference here on thursday, cpm state secretary modi said the party secretary will also unveil the statue of former chief minister ek nayanar.
;;-0.7003;;in another tweet, modi said, forces supporting terrorism need to be defeated.
;;0.3612;;new delhi, feb 27 () pitching for foreign investments, prime minister modi today said india is one of the most open economies in the world and is ready to do business with the world.
;;0.2732;;stating that the government is on a de-regulation and de-licensing drive, modi said validity period of industrial licences has been increased from three years to fifteen years and more.
;;0.7717;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday said his four-nation tour of germany, spain, russia and france beginning tomorrow is aimed at boosting india's economic engagement with these nations and inviting more investment.
;;0.8316;;modi said he and merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
;;0.7798;;i greatly look forward to my visit to st. petersburg in this special year for the bilateral relationship as both countries celebrate the 70th anniversary of our diplomatic relations, modi said.
;;0.4588;;i look forward to meeting president macron and have discussions on issues of mutual interest, modi said.
;;0.0;;while campaigning for the high-stakes gujarat assembly polls, pm modi had claimed that some pakistani officials and manmohan singh met at congress leader mani shankar aiyar's house over dinner on december 6, further insinuating that it was a plot to interfere in the election.
;;0.4019;;however, we should think about how to change the system for which all parties should be unanimous and make a cohesive bid, modi said at the pre-budget session meeting of political leaders.
;;0.6369;;session of the sco summit +qingdao: prime minister modi said today that connectivity with the neighbourhood and in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) region is india's priority as he stressed that his country was committed to extend full cooperation to a successful outcome of the summit.
;;0.0;;therefore, connectivity with our neighbourhood & in the sco region is our priority, modi said.
;;0.802;;citing afghanistan as an unfortunate example of effect of terrorism, modi said he hoped the brave steps towards peace taken by president ashraf ghani will be respected by all in the region, apparently referring to a cease-fire announced by the afghan leader for the eid festival.
;;0.0;;at that time, i urged him to continue in office till there was an alternative arrangement, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi says desh badal raha hai.
;;0.0;;the statue will remind those who question india's existence, that this nation was, is and will remain eternal, modi said.
;;0.6249;;modi said his government has taken up the cause of bringing to life the history and contributions of great personalities.
;;0.7579;;it was the sentiment of crores of indians that the man who united the country should get honour he deserved, modi said.
;;-0.4082;;modi said if patel had not united the country, the countrymen would have needed visas to see lions in junagadh or pay homage at somnath in gujarat or view the charminar in hyderabad.
;;0.5994;;remembering sardar patel's contribution in uniting the country by annexing over 550 princely states, modi said the great leader had successfully foiled a conspiracy to divide india in to piecessardar patel had used force to annex princely states of junagadh ruled by nawab and hyderabad ruled by nizam, both of whom had wished not to merge their states with the india union.
;;0.0;;hailing farmers, modi said lakhs of them from across india came together, gave their tools, parts of their land in order to build the statue.
;;0.802;;i am confident that this statue will become a centre to improve agriculture as well as the lives of local tribals here, modi said.
;;-0.3182;;answering a query of a student about what happened, modi said, the communication was lost with vikram lander.
;;0.5994;;modi said the centre was committed to improving healthcare in the country.
;;0.5719;;modi said that he was happy to learn that tamil nadu was upscaling the tb-free chennai initiative and sticking to eliminate tb by 2023.
;;0.3612;;patna: prime minister modi on tuesday asked bihar deputy cm modi whether his sons marriage was sloemnised peacefully or not as rjd chief lalu prasads son tej pratap yadav had threatened to create nuisance during the ceremony.
;;0.0;;i am saying this after four years of tapasya (rigorous work), i can say the government is run not from janpath (residence of congress leader sonia gandhi) but jan mat (peoples verdict), modi told a rally in cuttack to mark the fourth anniversary of the nda government.
;;0.296;;arguing he had not frittered a big mandate, modi said his government is best placed to meet expectations and aspirations for modern infrastructure.
;;0.0629;;this is not meant to save the country, it is meant to save their families, modi said in a jibe at leaders of rjd, sp, bsp, jd(s), ncp, rld, left parties and congress sharing the dais during h d kumaraswamys swearing-in as karnataka chief minister.
;;0.6925;;ani photonew delhi: prime minister modi on monday said an active opposition is important in a parliamentary democracy and they need not bother about their numbers but speak actively and participate in house proceedings.
;;0.5106;;speaking to the media ahead of the commencement of the 17th lok sabha , modi said he is hopeful that this session will be productive.
;;0.0772;;modi also said the new house has a high number of women mps.
;;0.34;;prime minister modi has announced roll out of several initiatives to get rid of single use plastic (sup) and the government has shared a detailed action plan for all ministries to achieve this goal.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday said that centre was taking initiatives to develop infrastructure for buddhist tourism in an attempt to connect southeast asia to the important buddhist sites in the country.
;;0.5267;;modi said the country has inherited lord buddha's wisdom.
;;0.6908;;i wish people all over the world who revere lord buddha and believe in the principles of his compassion, an auspicious buddha purnima , modi said.
;;0.9022;;today, as we remember lord buddha, you must have heard about the idols of laughing buddha, it is said that laughing buddha brings one good fortune, but very few people know that smiling buddha is also associated with an important event in india's defense history, modi said while pointing out that a nuclear test was conducted in pokhran, rajasthan on buddha purnima on may 11, 1998.
;;0.7845;;prime minister modi , who watched the live telecast of the launch, said: special moments that will be etched in the annals of our glorious history.
;;0.7579;;dear president xi jinping, congratulations on getting re-elected as the president of the people's republic of china, modi said in his message posted on his account on the chinese social media platform weibo today.
;;0.6428;;new delhi: spreading negativity is fairly easy, but people must come together to make positivity viral, prime minister modi said on sunday adding that collective efforts of the people have ensured that india achieved a lot in 2018.
;;0.0;;, pm modi said.
;;0.8658;;the highest united nations environment award, champions of the earth' was also conferred upon india, modi said in his address.
;;0.3818;;they said that the number of fishermen apprehended was likely to increase, modi told toi.
;;0.0;;modi also said the government has been working to make yoga a pillar of preventive healthcare.
;;0.4215;;expressing concern that young people are becoming vulnerable to heart ailments, modi said, yoga can play a huge role in tackling the issue and hence, this year's theme is 'yoga for heart'.
;;0.4215;;yoga is above region, above faith, above everything, modi told the gathering.
;;0.7351;;urging people to make yoga a part of daily life, modi said, peace and harmony are related to yoga.
;;0.6869;;new delhi: prime minister modi on friday said india has rich literature, dating back to thousands of years, on the cures for serious illnesses but the country has had little success in linking this ancient knowledge with modernity.
;;0.0;;drawing attention to the changing eating habits, modi said the food now off the table of many indians is being adopted by several people in the world.
;;0.0;;modi said after ayurveda, yoga, naturopathy , unani, sidda and homeopathy, sowa rigpa is being added to the ayush family.
;;0.1027;;parrikar was the defence minister when prime minister modi , during his visit to france in 2015, announced a government-to-government deal wherein government of india would acquire 36 rafale jets in fly-away condition as quickly as possible.
;;0.6486;;nashik: prime minister modi on thursday said that his government will make efforts to ensure there is access to clean drinking water in each and every household across the country in an apparent reference to the jal jeevan mission.
;;0.3182;;since modi had announced the construction of the second brahmani bridge twice here at rourkela - one before the elections and again one year later while addressing the rsp modernization dedication programme - people of the city were optimistic.
;;0.0;;without naming kapil sibal directly, modi said that a prominent congress leader had questioned even the credibility of the election commission of india (eci) and the democratic process of the country, at a foreign land, by raking up unfounded criticisms on the electronic voting systems.
;;-0.4404;;the eci had to convene a press conference to clarify its stand for the criticism levelled against the election process made by a congress leader in a foreign land, modi said.
;;0.296;;modi said the congress and the left talking about democracy was a big joke.
;;0.0;;, modi asked.
;;0.743;;alleging that the congress and the left had no genuine respect for the rights of women, modi said, if they had respect for women, they would have wholeheartedly supported the bill to end the infamous practice of triple talaq moved by the present government.
;;0.8625;;modi said his government was proud to have received an opportunity to honour narayanan, who was falsely implicated in a case by the congress leaders for settling political score.
;;-0.5859;;scams were only things that were there in newspapers, modi said.
;;0.4019;;pm modi said bike ambulances would help people access medical facilities in time.
;;0.4588;;terming prayagraj as the land of tap, tapasya, and sanskar, pm modi said that this kumbh would see a blend of devotion and technology.
;;0.0;;rs 1,700 crore are being invested to construct stps and nullahs so that sewage is not discharged into the holy river, pm modi said.
;;0.5106;;modi said all villages on the banks of ganga have been declared free of open defecation.
;;0.9105;;despite disappointing news being spread that there will be a hung assembly, karnataka bjp workers have played a key role in maintaining the atmosphere of enthusiasm in favour of the party, modi said.
;;0.7579;;this the era of artificial intelligence andcannot lag behind, modi said as he appreciated yuva morcha workers for increasing the importance of technology within the organisation.
;;0.743;;we want an india where women are revered and youth get a conducive atmosphere to chase their dreams, modi said, addressing a public gathering at the lalbhai contractor stadium on dumas road.
;;-0.8768;;in his remarks, modi said, we have agreed that terrorism should not be supported in any form, and we should put pressure on countries that back terror.
;;0.4019;;some projects, including expansion of barauni refinery, are part of pms special package for bihar, deputy cm modi told toi, adding bihar has ushered in a new era of manifold development with double engine of nda government at the centre and in state.
;;0.5423;;this year, on the 2nd of october, when we celebrate bapu's 150th birth anniversary, we shall not only dedicate to him an india that is open defecation free, but also shall lay the foundation of a new revolution against plastic, by people themselves, throughout the country, modi said.
;;0.7351;;new delhi: describing his visit to nepal as a reaffirmation of his government's neighbourhood first policy, prime minister modi on thursday said the engagement reflects the high priority he attaches to the age-old and friendly ties with the himalayan nation.
;;0.25;;modi said as nepal entered a new era, india would stay a steadfast partner.
;;0.3818;;in his statement, modi said, these high-level and regular interactions reflect my government's commitment to the 'neighbourhood first' policy, in consonance with the motto of 'sabka saath, sabka vikas'.
;;0.0;;all tv channels queued up for his interview, modi said in mangaluru.
;;-0.2057;;however, the vector image has not gone down well with a section of the political arena, which painted it with a communal angle, modi said.
;;0.128;;there is no iota of democracy in the minds of congress members, modi said, and added that such a party does not deserve to rule karnataka even for a day.
;;0.4588;;on friday, modi told the, asia's premier defence forum, that india would work with the association of south east asian nations (asean) to promote a rules-based order in the indo-pacific region.
;;0.6486;;ahmedabad: modi , president of the gujarat fair price shop owners and kerosene license holders association, said the gujarat government has just offered them a lollipop rather then considering their demands in the interest of the people of the state.
;;0.5719;;fair price shop owners can only get commission on distribution of essential commodities so the government should think about giving sufficient commission for that work, rather than showing us a lollipop, modi said.
;;0.2023;;modi on sunday had announced that fair price shop owners and kerosene license holders will go on an indefinite strike from may 28, if their demands are not met.
;;0.6124;;in his remarks, modi said, indian companies are taking active part in the efforts of president ramaphosa to increase investment in south africa.
;;0.7096;;pti photonew delhi: prime minister modi on saturday said bjp drew strength from its ideology and not the legacy of one family and urged party lawmakers to remain connected with the grass-root workers who contributed to their becoming ministers and mps.
;;0.7574;;modi said the party is a parivar (family) and party workers are its most important part.
;;0.0;;taking a veiled dig at congress, modi said, team bjp is an organic entity, not an assembled entity.
;;0.4019;;bengaluru: prime minister modi on friday said india is now moving forward from women development to women-led development, and women first was the mantra of his government and the party.
;;0.0;;today the country is moving forward from women development to women-led development, modi said.
;;0.5859;;capable women have been given important portfolios in his cabinet, modi said adding group photos of foreign ministers and defence ministers at the sco summit in china showed that sushma swaraj and nirmala sitharaman representing india were the only women.
;;0.5267;;lauding the contribution and efforts of women workers, modi asked the karyakartas to concentrate on winning booths.
;;0.9009;;we will win, we will have to win assembly constituency, but as always i urge karyakartas and for me the most important thing is winning polling booths, modi said.
;;0.8934;;wealth creators are india's wealth, shouldn't be eyed with suspicion: pm modi in his independence day address, pm modi on thursday said wealth creators should not be eyed with suspicion and that they are country's wealth and should be respected.
;;0.8979;;exuding confidence of achieving the target of $5 trillion economy, pm modi in his address to the nation from the ramparts of the red fort on the 73rd independence day , said fundamentals of the economy are strong and a stable government coupled with predictable policies can become a catalyst including in attracting other nations to invest in india.
;;0.5994;;modi said he has scrapped obsolete laws to make it easier to do business in the country and is now targeting a position in top 50 nations on the world bank's ease of doing business ranking.
;;-0.0772;;but, modi said he wants farmers to reduce the use of chemical fertilisers by 30-40 per cent to save the mother earth from degradation.
;;0.875;;praising the space scientists, modi said, today, our resolve to touch and embrace moon has only become stronger.
;;0.0;;modi said, the teacher of knowledge is science.
;;0.6808;;while thanking the families of isro scientists for their personal sacrifices for the country's development, modi said, i came here this morning not to give you lecture but to draw inspiration from you.
;;0.2732;;h for healthcare cooperation, e for economic cooperation, a for alternate energy, l for literature and culture, t for terrorism-free society and h for humanitarian cooperation, modi said.
;;0.6908;;initiatives like international north south transport corridor, chabahar port , ashgabat agreement, clarify the focus of india on connectivity, modi said.
;;0.2732;;h for healthcare cooperation, e for economic cooperation, a for alternate energy, l for literature and culture, t for terrorism-free society and h for humanitarian cooperation, modi said.
;;0.6666;;we need an open and all-inclusive trade policy at the wto so that the interests of every countries specially the developing ones can be take care of, modi said.
;;0.7003;;india is also ready to share its experience in generating the additional sources of energy, modi said.
;;-0.8807;;to combat the menace of terrorism, countries will have to come out of their narrow purview to unite against it, modi said.
;;0.5859;;in a televised address after the union budget was tabled in parliament , modi said it is a green budget which focuses on the environment and pitches for green and clean energy and transportation needs.
;;0.926;;this story is from december 6, 2018narendra modisumerpur/dausa:taking on the gandhi family a day after the supreme court ordered it cases against sonia andto be reopened, modi said on wednesday that his government had scored a win thanks to the courage of a chaiwala.
;;-0.2514;;modi said such a confused leadership cannot be good for the party or the country.
;;0.0;;they do not have leader, policy and intention, modi said.
;;0.4939;;look at the courage of a chaiwala who took those running country for four generations to the courts door, modi said in sumerpur in a reference to his chaiwala roots.
;;-0.3182;;continuing his attack against the congress, modi said in dausa that the party was a confused party with confused leadership.
;;0.3182;;jaisalmer: on the occasion of 20th anniversary of two nuclear tests that were conducted in pokhran field firing range on may 11 and 13, 1998, prime minister modi has asked people to celebrate it as yuva shaurya shakti diwas.
;;0.6486;;hailing acharyas half-black, half-vermilion picture of hanuman during an election campaign at nehru maidan here on may 5, modi said, i want to applaud an artist whose art work created ripples across the country.
;;0.891;;as the market zoomed after sitharaman unveiled another clutch of measures to boost the sagging economy, modi said announcements in the last few weeks clearly demonstrate that his government is leaving no stone unturned to make india a better place to do business and improve opportunities for all sections of society.
;;-0.875;;quattrocchi, an accused in bofors scam, was shielded by congress and rahul gandhis father (rajiv) had allowed anderson, the then chairman of union carbide, to flee the country after the bhopal gas disaster, modi said.
;;0.0;;he tells that to a specific religion, modi said.
;;0.0;;on rahuls allegation that several industrialists fled the country, leaving behind debts of thousands of crores, modi said: it was the remote-control government of dr manmohan singh that opened banks coffers to industrialists.
;;0.4404;;(photo via twitter@pmoindia)abu dhabi: prime minister modi on saturday said political stability and predictable policy framework have made india an attractive investment destination.
;;0.6705;;highlighting economic opportunities in india, pm modi said political stability and predictable policies framework are key driving forces for investors and these factors have made india an attractive investment destination in the world.
;;-0.0742;;in an all-out attack on congress, modi said those who worshipped a family could not worship democracy.
;;0.4215;;highlighting the governments focus on building infrastructure, modi said such facilities did not distinguish between caste, religion, faith and class.
;;0.5423;;at the ceremony here, modi said projects worth rs 25,000 crore would either be initiated or inaugurated today in all three regions and it showed the commitment of the central and the state governments towards the speedy development of the state.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday asked bjp mps to nurse their constituency by playing a leading role in its development and advised them to take up a cause of human sensitivity like eradication of leprosy or tuberculosis, parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi told reporters.
;;0.8481;;first impression is often the last impression, modi told mps, a large number of them first-timers, at the bjp parliamentary party meeting, sources said, as he asked them to work passionately for the development of their areas.
;;0.0;;modi also asked union ministers to carry out their parliament roster duty, when they are meant to be present in one of the houses as a government representative, and said he should be informed if they skip their duty, the sources said.
;;-0.3612;;asked to inaugurate a hospital for lepers, gandhi had said that he would rather be invited to put a lock on it, modi said, stressing on the need to eradicate the disease.
;;0.0;;modi also asked them to work with local authorities for their constituency's development.
;;0.6486;;new delhi: prime minister modi on friday said asia has emerged as a promising region for media businesses and offers opportunities for international cooperation.
;;0.8225;;in his departure statement ahead of his visit to russia, modi had said that strong bilateral partnership is complemented by a desire to promote a multi-polar world.
;;-0.4588;;in a major damage-limitation effort following trump's outrageous claim that modi asked him to mediate with pakistan on kashmir, indian officials went back to their records of discussions of the bilateral meeting in osaka on the sidelines of the g20 meeting.
;;0.9552;;best wishes and blessings to the couple for a happy and prosperous life, modi said in the letter shared by yuvraj pokharna with the media.
;;-0.1396;;modi said if i have not done anything wrong, why a congress leader calls me neech only because i was born in a poor and backward family.
;;0.5574;;in milk city anand, modi said, before six years, supreme court had asked the then government to form a sit to find out the sources of black money.
;;-0.1531;;exchange of pleasantries over, modi said, arun ji ke saath bahut bura ho raha hai (whats happening with arun ji is bad), with a sadness that seemed to gnaw at him.
;;-0.0772;;when his condition became serious, modi asked officials to explore if an official aircraft could take him abroad.
;;0.0;;modi had said this aankhon ki gustakhiyan was a new thing he had witnessed as a first time member of the parliament.
;;0.4215;;prime minister modi , please bear in your mind that if you have any plan to betray tamil nadu on the mekedatu project and if you dont take action to save the people of tamil nadu, we will create a situation whereby you will never be able come to tamil nadu, said stalin at a demonstration against the central government for allowing karnataka to prepare a detailed project report (dpr) for the reservoir.
;;0.0;;download the times of india news app for latest citymysuru: it was the heritage city for years before prime minister modi announced the swachh bharat scheme around five years ago.
;;-0.4404;;some people take 'mann ki baat' as a monologue and some criticise it from a political angle, modi said in his radio programme, the first after the completion of three years of his government.
;;0.4588;;i am grateful to akbar sahab, modi said.
;;0.0258;;on monday, pm modi had said that anyone who has blind faith in myths does not deserve to be chief minister.
;;-0.6486;;the dycm, while inaugurating the garib kalyan mela, said, prime minister modi has said that no poor person will be homeless in 2022.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister modi had said that after demonetisation, terrorism will stop but it has not happened.
;;0.7184;;co/5kruhttosx  modi (@narendramodi) 1568985774000new delhi: prime minister modi on friday said that his visit to the us from september 21 to 27 would present india as a vibrant land of opportunities.
;;0.4019;;bharat modi , president of porbandar fishermen association, said, pakistan has completed their nationality verification and by friday, we will get names of the fishermen who will be freed.
;;0.34;;manama: prime minister modi on saturday said the rupay card will soon be launched in bahrain after india and the gulf nation signed a mou to allow the indian expatriates hassle-free money transfer at cheaper costs.
;;0.4019;;ahmedabad/bhabhar: a day ahead of the gujarat assembly elections, prime minister modi asked congress to choose between ram mandir and babri masjid and also explain why the party was linking hearings in the ram janmabhoomi case with the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;modi also asked sibal to clarify whether he was an advocate of the ram temple or babri masjid.
;;0.0;;modi asked.
;;-0.7906;;modi said congress' abuse for him amounted to insults for all members of backward communities, gujarat and the civilised society itself.
;;-0.7579;;after listing more than a dozen instances where congress members had criticised him, modi said, i was called a monkey, a mentally retarded person, ravan, yamraj, bhasmasur and even 'napunsak' (impotent).
;;-0.2023;;modi asked people what they would do if they were abused like this.
;;-0.5267;;brothers and sisters, take revenge on december 9 and 14, modi said.
;;0.7184;;pm modi (ani photo)new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday announced that a grand museum dedicated to all the former prime ministers of the country will be built in delhi.
;;0.6444;;prime minister modi said there is a 'jamat'  a certain section  in the country that made it a habit to tarnish the image of the prime ministers so that their good work would not be remembered.
;;0.6652;;but now i have decided that we will create a museum for all prime ministers and start a new political culture, pm modi said adding, i request family members of all former pms to share memorabilia to be kept in this museum so that their legacy lives on.
;;0.0;;modi said if today's generation is asked about morarji desai and lal bahadur shastri, they hardly know about them.
;;0.0;;mentioning names of i k gujral, deve gowda and manmohan singh, modi said everyone of them contributed and this should be acknowledged.
;;0.0;;a canard has been spread that he (yogi) will be superstitious that given his attire, he cannot have progressive thinking, modi said, referring to the saffron-clad, priest-turned-politician.
;;-0.1901;;faith has its own place but blind faith has no place anywhere, modi said.
;;0.9081;;in a veiled response to the political row which bjp has been embroiled in with aap, which asked why the delhi cm had not been invited to the inauguration, modi said, sometimes even the best development work is also always measured on the scales of benefits of political parties rather than measuring them on the scales of public good.
;;0.4404;;in a 40-minute speech laden with emphasis on good governance  the pm mentioned it at least 15 times  modi said mass transportation systems were the need of the hour as he flagged off the 12.
;;0.4019;;the country has chosen a government which wants to follow policies and work with a clean intention, modi said.
;;0.6486;;to highlight good governance, modi claimed his government had abolished 1,200 laws so far.
;;-0.4588;;puducherry: puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy on saturday said it was unfortunate that prime minister modi did not announce any development scheme for the union territory, during his recent visit here.
;;0.7579;;boosting the morale of scientists of indian space research organisation (isro) after the space agency lost communication with chandrayaan-2's lander, vikram, modi said that india stands in solidarity with them and the country believes that best is yet to come.
;;0.4019;;shah said that prime minister modi has asked aicc president rahul gandhi to step aside and make someone else the leader of the party.
;;-0.4767;;narendra modi has announced 129 schemes for the poor with 5.
;;0.7351;;modi said goals set for the 150th anniversary of mahatma gandhi should be accomplished by october 2 and work should begin in earnest towards the goals for 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
;;0.5023;;modi said the goal of making india a five trillion dollar economy by 2024 is challenging but achievable.
;;-0.3182;;describing water as an important element for life, modi said the poor bear the brunt of insufficient water conservation efforts.
;;0.3818;;reiterating his government's commitment to double the income of farmers by 2022, modi said that this requires to focus on fisheries, animal husbandry, horticulture, fruits, and vegetables.
;;0.0;;on the health sector, modi said that several targets have to be achieved by 2022.
;;0.296;;modi said the country is moving towards a governance system characterised by performance, transparency, and delivery for which proper implementation of schemes and decisions is vital.
;;-0.3089;;addressing the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit, modi said that unilateralism and protectionism has not benefitted anyone.
;;0.4404;;pm modi on thursday said he had an extremely fruitful meeting with xi during which they discussed the full spectrum of bilateral relations and vowed to work together to improve the economic and cultural ties.
;;0.9153;;recalling that he was honoured to be present when prime minister modi signed on to the un environment's clean seas campaign, he said the programme will be stronger with india's support, sending a clear message to other countries, that all of us must come together to tackle the marine litter.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday told floor leaders of different political parties in the parliament to keep political differences aside and not disrupt the functioning of the two houses.
;;0.4019;;co/4y6iemclzs  ani (@ani) 1564373648000new delhi: india, with around 3,000 tigers, is one of safest habitats for the tigers in world, pm modi said on monday as he released the all india tiger estimation report 2018.
;;0.765;;pm modi said that his government is committed to taking all possible steps and supporting all efforts to protect the tiger.
;;0.5994;;going ahead the main trigger for the market would be mid-may election results which could swing the mood either ways for our indices and therefore it is expected that the markets will oscillate in a range-bound manner till clarity emerges in the political conundrum, said modi , founder and ceo, samco securities.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had earlier said that india would become a 5 trillion dollar economy in the next five years.
;;0.6204;;i apologise for the water scarcity, modi said at the very outset, thereby creating an immediate connect with the audience.
;;0.0;;this is the crux of our nationality, modi said.
;;0.0;;calling tagore a global citizen, modi said that it was through his visits that most indians got to see a glimpse of the world, their cultures and tradition.
;;0.0;;sometime ago, even in remote tajikistan, i unveiled a tagore bust, modi said, reminding that tagore even had a close relationship with gujarat where his elder brother was commissioner and where he got his lifes first higher english education at the age of 17 and penned his kshudhito pashan.
;;0.6678;;qingdao: prime minister modi today said only 6 per cent of foreign tourists in india are from the sco countries and this number could easily be doubled as he underlined the need to boost tourism among members of the grouping.
;;0.6705;;speaking at the restricted session of the shanghai cooperation organisation summit, prime minister modi said that increasing awareness of the shared cultures can help boost the number of tourists.
;;0.0;;will you come with me, modi asked m karunanidhi.
;;0.5574;;reaffirming the bjp's commitment to inclusive growth, pm modi , addressing his first election rally in the state, said vote bank politics has harmed development like termites.
;;-0.7783;;he did injustice to the poor people of the state, modi said.
;;0.0;;amid reports that the congress was preparing a manifesto that would envisage separate schools and hospitals for muslims, modi said the only mantra that the bjp followed was sabka saath, sabka vikas and was against vote bank politics.
;;0.7845;;modi had said then, it is a tribute to the great man who united india.
;;0.0;;' (modi said) 'kashmir', trump said during his talks with khan, their first since the latter came to power in august, 2018.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi , during his recent visit to sri lanka, had announced that india's national carrier air india would begin direct flights between colombo and the holy city of varanasi.
;;-0.2177;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said buddhas teachings were very relevant to combat dominance of casteism and dynastic politics.
;;0.4144;;at a time when terrorism, casteism, dynastic politics appear to be overshadowing the teachings of the buddha, the talk of affection and friendship are becoming more relevant and important, modi said while inaugurating buddha jayanti celebrations on monday.
;;0.0;;modi said all ideologies which had originated in india were based on the welfare of humankind and the environment.
;;0.3818;;prime minister modi asked culture minister mahesh sharma to ensure that all works on buddha and studies done by buddhist institutes were compiled and brought on a common platform through a web portal in a time-bound manner.
;;0.0772;;modi said, we are a big nation and we face big challenges.
;;-0.25;;we need to wait and see how many committees will remain when the yatra reaches the final stop in thiruvananthapuram , modi said.
;;0.2263;;taking a dig at the slogan, we discovered india, we will protect india raised by mullappallys janamahayatra, modi said the congress had failed to discover or protect india during the 55 years of its rule.
;;0.0;;during solih's visit, prime minister modi said there are infinite possibilities between the two neighbours.
;;0.0;;4 billion, modi said.
;;-0.5574;;patna: deputy cm modi said on wednesday the state government would try to ban single-use plastic within a year.
;;-0.4588;;addressing an event organized by bihar state pollution control board (bspcb), modi said, seven to eight states have banned plastic use.
;;0.0;;modi also said he would discuss with patna dairy officials to find an alternative for milk pouches.
;;0.0;;modi said developed countries, particularly in europe and the us, produce the highest levels of pollution in the world.
;;0.5574;;after donald trump assumed the office as its president, the us took a step back from all its positive measures undertaken towards pollution control before the paris summit, modi said.
;;0.8658;;prime minister modi says the private sector must continue to believe in the india story, assuring that he will do his best to make india a better place to do business.
;;0.119;;during a 2007 goa assembly poll campaign speech, then congress president sonia gandhi had assured goa that mahadayi river water will not be shared, modi said.
;;0.4019;;i consider this entire exercise healthy, modi said.
;;0.0772;;it provides an opportunity to correct the weaknesses and the drawbacks that may be there, modi said.
;;0.34;;125 crore indians can take pride that people belonging from all communities of the world are present in india who reverberate the message of shanti (peace), ekta (unity) and sadbhavna (goodwill), pm modi said in his monthly radio show.
;;0.4939;;i heartily congratulate afroz shah and his entire team for their efforts in cleaning mumbai's versova beach, modi said in his 'mann ki baat' radio address.
;;0.0;;completing this quartet is bhatt, an iit-bombay graduate, who came out after ten years to say that he was present at the cm's residence on february 27, 2002, where modi allegedly told the officials to go soft on the hindu mobs after the godhra train burning.
;;-0.7579;;prime minister modi had recently told us vice-president mike pence that the planners of the 26/11 terror attack had been mainstreamed in pakistan, the reference was to lashkar putting up candidates in recent elections to the national assembly there.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: prime minister modi on monday released a commemorative coin with face value of rs 100 ahead of the birth anniversary of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee the coin, prime minister modi said, is a small effort to show the governments respect to the former prime minister, whose life is a message for all of us.
;;0.6908;;addressing a gathering at the parliament house annexe, modi said vajpayee never compromised on the ideologies of the party and always spoke about national interest.
;;-0.3506;;he was among those who could die for the nation, but would never compromise on the ideologies, modi said.
;;0.7351;;lauding the former pms commitment to the nation, modi said vajpayee wanted democracy to be supreme.
;;0.6597;;likewise, when the choice was between remaining in power or compromising on ideology, he left janata party and formed the bjp which has become among the largest of political parties, modi said.
;;0.6369;;hailing vajpayee as the best orator, modi said he has not yet come to terms with vajpayees passing.
;;0.7684;;but more or less the same has been factored in and therefore the markets should perform better than what the majority are expecting on the street, said modi , founder and ceo, samco securities.
;;0.0;;we should have sustainable agricultural production and work towards removing regional imbalances, said modi.
;;0.5719;;the success in agriculture needs to be extended to eastern india and scientific and technological interventions are required to make this a reality, said modi.
;;0.7556;;(photo courtesy: doordarshan)new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said an active opposition is important in a parliamentary democracy and they need not bother about their numbers but speak actively and participate in house proceedings.
;;0.5106;;speaking to the media ahead of the commencement of the 17th lok sabha , modi said he is hopeful that this session will be productive.
;;0.0772;;modi also said the new house has a high number of women mps my experience suggests that when the parliament functions smoothly, we are able to fulfil numerous aspirations of the people of india, he said.
;;0.3875;;in a motivational speech, pm modi told the isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn.
;;0.0;;referring to the provisions in the union budget, modi said a new india was on the threshold of racing ahead.
;;0.8402;;noting the gigantic task where over 2/3rd of countries face impact of desertification globally, modi announced to set up a centre of excellence at dehradun to help developing countries in addressing land degradation issues and offered help to friendly nations for developing land degradation strategies through indias cost effective satellite and space technology.
;;-0.9246;;addressing a seminar in kannur on thursday , modi said the indian army had indulged in excesses whe never it was given blanket powers and had even abducted, raped and killed.
;;0.25;;responding to the centre's proposal that army officers should be given a freehand to take decisions in warlike situations, modi had said clashes between the people and the army would happen if the army was to be deployed in kannur, a cpm stronghold.
;;0.8957;;the result season has almost come to an end which brought some cheers to the market, but the short-lived euphoria seems to be over as now the domestic issues of state elections will shift the focus back to indian politics, said modi , founder and ceo, samco securities and stocknote.
;;-0.4215;;in february this year, prime minister modi had announced to set up aiims at manethi in rewari district at a programme held in kurukshetra and the provision of budget of rs 1,300 crore for aiims in manethi has also been made in the interim budget presented in lok sabha but the forest department has refused to allot the marked space for aiims.
;;0.0;;pti photoaurangabad: prime minister modi on saturday said rs 3.
;;0.2732;;we worked on providing toilets to women and ensuring water supply, modi said.
;;0.0;;out of the 20 crore loans distributed under the mudra scheme, around 14 crore was given to women, modi said, adding that out of the 1.
;;0.5719;;on the occasion, modi asked women to create awareness about the triple talaq bill passed recently by his government to protect muslim women.
;;0.2732;;we worked on providing toilets to women and ensuring water supply, modi said in aurangabad.
;;0.0;;out of the 20 crore loans distributed under the mudra scheme, around 14 crore were given to women, modi said, adding that out out of 1.
;;0.6542;;inaugurating the administrative headquarters of the smart city, auric hall, modi said aurangabad is not only becoming a new smart city but is also going to become a centre of the nation's industrial activities, and once fully operational, it will create lakhs of jobs.
;;-0.4767;;at another function, modi announced that the ujjwala scheme, under which the government gives subsidized cooking gas connections to poor families, has crossed the 8 crore mark much ahead of targeted timeline.
;;0.6734;;prime minister modi on saturday asked isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn and better tomorrow.
;;0.0;;india is with you, modi said in his address at the isro centre in bengaluru.
;;0.8658;;new delhi: prime minister modi today asked youngsters to join the 'swachh bharat summer internship 2018' launched by his government and announced incentives, including credit point by the ugc, for participants, saying it is an opportunity for those who want to make a change in the society.
;;0.5106;;noting that india had carried out nuclear tests on buddha purnima on may 11 in 1998, when bjp stalwart atal bihari vajpayee was prime minister, modi said youths need to imbibe vajpayee's mantra of 'jai vigyan' (hail science) to make india modern and strong.
;;0.8481;;not just that, those interns who accomplish their tasks well will be awarded two credit points each by the ugc , modi said.
;;0.0;;his life taught people to walk the path of equality and brotherhood, modi said.
;;0.836;;lord buddha believed in peace, harmony and brotherhood and these values are needed the most in the world today, modi said.
;;-0.4939;;new delhi: a day after prime minister modi said in an interview that there were no allegations against him personally in the rafale deal, congress president rahul gandhi said this is not the case and emphasised that it was the pm alone who needs to answer questions about the deal.
;;-0.4404;;while inaugurating the new block, modi had said when mps are newly elected, they have to stay in hotels and this makes headlines.
;;0.8807;;prime minister modi in a special message said that observing the vaisakhi festival abroad is a glowing sign of the traditions and the values that the sikh community continues to cherish.
;;0.4019;;kampala: india is emerging as a global manufacturing and start-up hub and many of the 'made-in-india' products, including cars and smart phones, are today exported to nations from whom the country used to import, prime minister modi said today.
;;0.0;;addressing the indian diaspora in the ugandan capital, pm modi also said that rail tracks, metro train coaches and satellites are being manufactured today in india itself by using indian steel.
;;0.0;;india is becoming a manufacturing hub, modi told the indian community event which was also attended by ugandan president yoweri museveni noting that samsung recently opened the world's biggest mobile phone manufacturing plant in uttar pradesh, modi said, it's possible that when you buy a smartphone in uganda next time, you will get the one made in india.
;;0.6369;;noting that the trade between india and africa has witnessed a 32 per cent increase, modi said asia and africa are better positioned in the new world order.
;;0.3182;;prime minister modi said there are immense possibilities for the uk and india which would increase prosperity in both countries, the spokesperson said.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister modi will soon inaugurate the diesel locomotive factory at marhowra in saran district, deputy cm modi said on friday.
;;0.128;;it is cms political innovation, modi said, asking if the congress had run out of leaders to contest the polls against bjp where there is congress rule, all roads to development are blocked.
;;-0.5583;;modi said there is no law and order in the state and even the lokayukta is not safe.
;;-0.6705;;modi said the culture of political killings had reared its head in the state under the congress government.
;;-0.7906;;modi said his government has acted decisively in providing for capital punishment to those who sexually assault minors.
;;0.3753;;prime minister modi says the dreams of the gorkha community are mine, yet the dreams have not been fulfilled, he said, referring to the demand for a separate state.
;;0.6124;;i urge you all to join the yoga day programmes in your respective nations and enrich the yoga programmes with your participation, modi said in a tweet.
;;0.6369;;25 billion people can take pride in the fact that people from all communities and faiths are available here, modi said in his ' mann ki baat ' radio programme.
;;0.0;;a gentleman called afroz shah started this mission from october 2015 whole heartedly with all his might, slowly people started joining his bandwagon and turned into a people's movement, modi said.
;;0.6369;;modi said akbar did not take a single rupee and transformed 'mann ki baat' into art as a gesture of his love.
;;0.0;;modi had said it was time for change, time for bjp  the partys election pitch this time.
;;-0.0;;majority of houses sanctioned under pmay scheme in the name of women: pm about 70  houses sanctioned under the pm awas yojana (pmay) for the poor are in the name of women, prime minister modi said on tuesday while linking his government's flagship programme to the dignity of people.
;;0.7096;;after delegation-level talks, modi said, i had called upon the netherlands to join the international solar alliance and i am happy to tell you that the country has become a member of it today.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: prime minister modi on tuesday said the government had given loan to 12 crore beneficiaries under the mudra yojna , totalling rs 5.
;;0.0;;modi announced that he would open the  ambedkar national memorial  here on the eve of the dalit icon's birth anniversary on april 14.
;;-0.891;;last month, prime minister modi said that a lynching incident in jharkhand has pained him and the guilty must be severely punished.
;;0.7845;;we will jointly work for an open, independent and prosperous indo pacific region where sovereignty and international laws are respected and where differences are resolved through talks, modi said in remarks to the media.
;;0.0;;modi said india and vietnam will also look for a trilateral partnership in the oil and gas sector.
;;0.4019;;co/zgxkwdsuf4  ani (@ani) 1520144658000tumakuru (karnataka): hailing the bharatiya janata party (bjp)'s victory in the north-east states' polls, prime minister modi on sunday said that radicalisation can only be answered through integration.
;;0.6369;;kannur: cpm state secretary modi said the cpm is ready to support a common candidate against the bjp for the presidential election.
;;0.0;;stockholm: india is going through a period of change and the government in the last four years has worked towards building a developed and inclusive country, prime minister modi said here tonight.
;;-0.6597;;addressing the indian diaspora at the stockholm university here, modi said earlier removing poverty was limited to just words and slogans, but his government was committed to poverty alleviation and was using empowerment as a tool to achieve its goal.
;;0.7351;;presently, there is a government in india which for the country's prestige, self respect and taking it to new heights in the 21st century, is working day and night, modi said amidst loud cheers from the audience.
;;0.0;;modi also said that in india, the government is using technology for accountability and transparency.
;;0.0;;modi said the perception about the way the govt functions was changing.
;;0.6486;;it is easier to do business in india and the country has jumped 42 ranks in ease of doing business index, modi said.
;;-0.0516;;these were allowing welfare schemes to reach their intended targets and had saved usd 12 billion from ending up in wrong hands, modi said.
;;0.0;;bengaluru re-elected congress' k j george, roshan baig and na haris, who prime minister modi said were defaming bengaluru and bjp national president amit shah had pledged to rid the city of.
;;0.0;;prime mininster modi , through video conferencing, asked, namaskar.
;;0.0;;co/swbgpcmqmk via @timesofindia  chiraag devyani (@chirag_goud) september 28, 2015at the same function on friday, modi claimed he has extra political will and exhorted bureaucrats to work together as a team for transforming the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi said even before the budget that there should be affordable housing for everyone by 2022.
;;0.6728;;new delhi: prime minister modi on friday said almost every conversation he has with a world leader starts with yoga and there is scarcely any dignitary who has not spent five-10 minutes discussing the wellness regime with him.
;;0.0;;but there is a change now, modi said in his address to the gathering.
;;-0.6369;;on wednesday, prime minister modi had said that it is unfortunate that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow.
;;-0.7003;;those who are bent upon destroying the nation have left no stone unturned, said modi.
