Speaking on the occasion , Nitishkumar said several new buildings based on modern technology have been constructed in the state and they have grabbed attention at the international level .
During 2017-18 , a total grant of RS 189 crore has been provided to the e-governance department , RAM said .
Health minister Harshvardhan said the health ministry is providing all logistical and technical support to the state government in terms of surveillance and diagnostic kits to strengthen their efforts in addressing je .
South Korea is an important partner for our 'Make in India ' initiative as well as in our 'Start up India ' and 'Clean India ' initiatives , Modi said .
Ndmc chairperson RAM said the portal would be divided into various sections such as best practises adopted in the field of E-Mobility , education , energy saving , e-governance and physical social health .
We hope to get a 15M-20M high model of the PSLV or the Gslv by April next year , science centres project coordinator RAM told this newspaper on Thursday .
Make in India ' happening in Karnataka : Siddaramaiahbengaluru , Jan 7 , 2016 , ( Ians ) 13:45 Istchief minister RAM has said that make in India is happening in Karnataka , citing the investments the state has attracted .
At UIDAI , we are very strict on the privacy issue .
Speaking about 'Make in India ' initiative , Modi said the initiative has emerged as a global brand .
Siddaramaiah told the audience the state , especially Bengaluru , has Indian Institute of science and Indian Institute of management and headquarters of ISRO , Drdo and many It-Bt companies .
We plan to more than double the software robots to over 500 by end of this fiscal , Chandakochhar , MD and CEO , ICICI bank , said .
On the Demonetisation drive , Arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash , as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media .
Centre will decide IIT location : Cmapril 12 , 2015 , Hubballi , Dhns : 2:33 Istchief minister RAM said on Saturday that the state would recommend the names of Raichur , Hubballi-Dharwad and Mysuru for setting up the Indian Institute of technology ( IIT ) in Karnataka and the union government may choose a place after its team visits these places to study the feasibility .
Recently , the government had increased FDI in the sector to 49 per cent and last week prime minister Narendramodi had said that MNCs could go in for majority ownership , provided they transfer the technology .
Aadhaar project would use today 's latest and modern technology , said Dr. Singh .
As a master systems integrator , we will provide leading edge technology solutions including high end analytics , mobile surveillance and high-tech tools like drones , said s N RAM , deputy managing director and president , Larsen & Toubro .
India is not only looking at increasing its manufacturing share in GDP to 25 per cent , but also eyeing high value manufacturing to graduate out of low-tech , low value-added manufacturing , said N.R . Bhanumurthy of the National Institute of public finance and policy .
New Delhi , Dhns : 2:25 Istprime minister Narendramodi on Saturday said his forthcoming visits to France , Germany and Canada next month were primarily aimed at promoting the Make-In-India initiative , seeking investment and creating job opportunities for youths .
Siddaramaiah said it is also proposed to establish artificial intelligence and robotics Centre at Iiit , Bengaluru at a cost of RS five crore .
Noting that India had carried out nuclear tests on Buddha Purnima on May 11 , 1998 , when BJP stalwart Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the prime minister , Modi said youths need to imbibe Vajpayees mantra of Jai Vigyan ( hail science ) to make India modern and strong .
Dalwai said on the authority 's part , new technical parameters had been introduced .
Hyderabad : the state government is planning to develop a mobility engineering cluster in Hyderabad , it minister KT RAM said .
It also requires a software that is supported by a bank , which is used by a merchant to take payments .
Authorization through postal department would not be accepted officially but if there is no choice , then one can go for such process also , said Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general ( technology centre ) , UIDAI .
Noting that the start-up policy covered information technology , biotechnology and manufacturing sectors , RAM said a start-up Council under his chairmanship would review implementation of the policy on a regular basis for feedback and suggestions .
Speaking at the youth convention on innovation and technology , which marked the inauguration , Modi said , I had a dream and for that , I was looking for the right people .
We believe that we need to own and control the primary technologies behind the products that we make , TimCook told investors back in 2009 .
No Load-Sheddingchief minister RAM said that there was no need for Load-Shedding in the state as the technical snag at the Bellary and Udupi power plants had been rectified .
Terming Prayagraj as the land of tap , Tapasya , and Sanskar , PM Modi said that this Kumbh would see a blend of devotion and technology .
Centre will decide IIT location : Cmapril 12 , 2015 , Hubballi , Dhns : 2:33 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah said on Saturday that the state would recommend the names of Raichur , Hubballi-Dharwad and Mysuru for setting up the Indian Institute of technology ( IIT ) in Karnataka and the union government may choose a place after its team visits these places to study the feasibility .
We will make available our space assets and technology , Modi said while also promising to work to reduce digital divide within Africa and between Africa and the rest of the world .
Siddaramaiah said that Karnataka was the only state to set up a vision group on science and technology , currently headed by Bharat Ratna C N R Rao .
Mayor Souminijain said that the implementation of the e-governance project is very important .
Municipal commissioner Mukeshkumar told mirror , the software has been developed and the data entry is largely completed .
Technology has impacted the print , electronic and social media immensely , Modi said .
By Ptilondon : prime minister Modi today announced doubling of India 's contribution to the commonwealth fund for technical cooperation and stressed the need to focus on providing developmental assistance to small island states , the external affairs ministry said today .
On the occasion , Union minister M Naidu said that the Demonetisation was also a part of the digital India .
Modi said he and Lofven would also interact with top business leaders of both the countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment , science and technology , clean energy and smart cities .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless , had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0 .
The startups and entrepreneurs will be provided free space , Internet , and other infrastructure at the Bhamashah techno hub , said Akhilarora , principal secretary , Department of it and communication .
Asserting that every issue related to the construction of the project was being executed based on clearances given by technical committees , Polavaram project authority , central water commission and as per the designs prepared by engineers and experts , Naidu said that the so-called intellectuals should know all these issues .
With the hi-tech research institute equipped with a state-of-the-art laboratory , a significant step had been taken in that direction , Modi said .
Bbrains Scholastic centre chairman RAM said experts would discuss various Sub-Themes such as energy , food processing and conservation technology , Agro-Electronics , nano-technology , nano-electronics , solid waste management as part of the conference .
Attempting to assuage their sentiments , RAM said in future events it would be ensured to have the picture of the prime minister on display boards and banners of smart city project .
Voicing concern over weak governance structures in most of the member countries of the region , Naidu said that over the last two years , the government has taken several initiatives to improve technical , planning and managerial capabilities of city governments in India .
About 40 mobile phone making plants have started since Modi announced make in India in September 2014 .
Our special Correspondentpatna : deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi on Friday announced that the Labour resource , and information technology departments had been directed to assess the employment requirement in the coming 10 years so that youths could attain skills accordingly to get employment .
Naidu said the sub-group has been studying various revenue models for operation and maintenance of community and public toilets and best practices in solid and liquid waste management technology .
The software identifies the words which find an entry in the dictionary and translates them into Marathi , said Deepak , the officiating controller of the examination .
Chetana is an initiative to empower the girl child with technology , exposure and mentoring , said Siddaramaiah , after inaugurating Karnatakas flagship event on it and electronics Bengaluruite .
In the 26th edition of Mann Ki Baat programme , Prime Minister Modi said , I know cashless economy is different .
Addressing a press meet on Tuesday , Vedike state president K s RAM said that it is a shame that such superstitious beliefs are being promoted even in the present technological era .
During his budget speech , finance minister Arunjaitley announced that Niti Aayog would spearhead a national programme on AI ; with the near doubling of the digital India budget , the it ministry also announced the setting up of four committees for AI related research .
Unveiling the budgetary proposals in the assembly , Siddaramaiah announced a total allocation of RS 299 crore to it , BT and science and technology department .
Stressing that his government was not attempting to infringe upon an individuals religious beliefs or faith , RAM said the proposed bill would work towards instilling a scientific temper in people .
The technological demonstration flight of the reusable launch vehicle ( Rlv ) is scheduled for September at Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh , Indian space research organisation ( ISRO ) chairman a s Kirankumar told reporters here .
Naidu said a consensus would be arrived at providing concessions from the state governments and the centre to private entrepreneurs to set up power plants to generate energy from waste .
Modi also said the collaboration and relationship between royal Bhutan University and IITs of India and some other top educational institutions are in line with todays requirements for education and technology .
Experts from the company were present when biometric data had been collected to programme the machine , said Rajeshkumar , the technical cell chief of Rmc .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy .
In a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear Grylls , Modi said .
Modi said , you have rightly said that we , as responsible leaders , represent 40 per cent of the worlds population , and this is not just a meeting of two leaders , but I see it from the perspective of a historic and cultural legacy world is witness to this , and there has been in-depth study on this that in the last 2,000 years of history , India and China have given momentum or pace to world economy and our two countries contributed 50 per cent of the world economy rest of the world was restricted to the remaining 50 per cent so much impact and influence for 1600 years , its a big thing and it had an impact on social , religious , economic , cultural , scientific , in every sector , it had a positive impact .
And I myself try my level best to update myself with technology and if you want any information in real time about India , me and the selfies that you took along with me today , and for all information , please download the Modi app , Modi said .
Kenya 's climate , Modi said during a lecture at the University of Nairobi during his visit , provides the right ecosystem for appropriate technology and Innovation-Led growth .
We also collect a fire compliance report for the annex building from the agency In-Charge of installing the equipment in July and December every year , said g P Shukla , deputy engineering officer of the Pwd , adding that the equipment was last tested on June 5 .
Speaking at the event , Manoharlalkhattar also said , industrial organisations have to play an active role in bridging their gap with the technical Institutes of the state .
By September 30 , 2018 , my government will go cashless , Manoharparrikar said while speaking at a seminar organised by Nabard ( National Bank for agriculture and rural development ) at a function here .
Last year , Prime Minister Modi had said that in ancient times , India had opened new frontiers in the field of science .
Dh Photokarnataka government proposed to set up a centre of excellence in data science and artificial intelligence and cyber security centre here , chief minister RAM said in the state 2017-18 budget today .
4 crore , making Karnataka the leading state for its e-governance initiatives , chief minister RAM said at an event here on Monday .
These are all priority sectors under 'Skill India ' and 'Make in India ' programmes , which require large workforce with advanced technical skills , India 's high commissioner in Singapore Jawed Ashraf said here on Friday .
Arguing the state 's case further , Amarindersingh said with the establishment of tissue culture and Aeroponic technology at the centre of excellence for potato , at Dhogri in Jalandhar , the whole seed potato producing area in the state shall come under certified seed potato in the coming 4-5 years .
Dh Photokarnataka government proposed to set up a centre of excellence in data science and artificial intelligence and cyber security centre here , chief minister Siddaramaiah said in the state 2017-18 budget today .
Dho Dr RAM said that the Endosulfan victims are provided cashless treatment at the Super-Speciality hospitals in the district .
I seek your support to transform India , Modi told the scientific fraternity .
On the Demonetisation drive , Arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash , as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media .
After the ceremony , Mamatabanerjee said , Chandrima will take charge of health and e-governance and Ujjwal will take care of the jail ( correctional administration ) department .
Mayor Anantanarayanjena said promotion of Non-Motorised transport was one of the important agendas of the smart city proposal .
It seems that Shinzoabe had told visiting Ex-Defence minister Arun Jaitley that he was convinced that North Koreas missile technology had been obtained from Pakistans AQ Khan , who had stolen the designs from various Western countries .
R RAM , head , ocean observation systems , said the device was primarily developed for scientific applications like studying the surf zone and collecting real-time ocean parameters like temperature , salinity and depth .
Municipal commissioner RAM said , we will pay for the services of the two machines from our smart city funds .
Siddaramaiah said the government has asked National Institute of technology , Karnataka , in Suratkal and the minerals exploration corporation limited to identify the extent of iron ore extracted from these mines illegally .
Codissia would own the land and the building , while a section 8 company and a special purpose vehicle ( SPV ) would be formed under the title Codissia defence innovation and incubation centre , RAM said .
Investigations at nearly 415 accident sites across Haryana have been conducted in the past 11 months and 270 engineering changes have been implemented in these areas , said Sarika RAM , head , integrated transport , WRI India .
Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of an industry exhibition on technology and material sciences in Navi Mumbai , Manoharparrikar said during the past 23 months that I have been in charge , we have signed contracts worth RS 2 .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley has said that the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
Modi asked the students on the usefulness of the Atal innovation mission .
Smart city projects executive engineer Maheshsharma said that they will be finalizing an agency for the same soon .
Mayor Anantanarayanjena said that while taking up the terminal 's renovation , they would follow the same procedure in which they were executing the smart city projects .
Inaugurating the summit with the theme 'Innovation for inclusive growth ' , Karnataka chief minister RAM said .
Prime Minister Lofven had participated in our 'Make in India ' programme in 2016 along with a big business delegation , Modi said .
When asked about data privacy , Gandhi said it companies have understood that India and China has large data .
Jain said he had suggested to the Discoms in the first meeting with them to shut down the plants that have become obsolete in technical terms .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
Modi said , the teacher of knowledge is science .
Pm Modi said , we in the government understand that youngsters may face shortage of funds for their startups .
New Delhi , June 21 , 2015 , ( Ians ) 10:27 Istyoga is both an art as well as a science and has amazing curative and preventive powers for the well-being of humanity , president Pranabmukherjee said on international yoga day on Sunday .
Communist Party of India-Marxist ( Cpi-M ) leader RAM said his party had objections at the way the US was denying India complete flow of technology despite signing the deal in 2004 .
Noting that the start-up policy covered information technology , biotechnology and manufacturing sectors , Siddaramaiah said a start-up Council under his chairmanship would review implementation of the policy on a regular basis for feedback and suggestions .
25 crore were first-time entrepreneurs , Modi said .
From students to entrepreneurs , we have allowed self-certification of documents and processes , Modi said .
At the summit attended by the who 's is who of the India Inc , particularly the it sector , Modi also said India is committed to protecting intellectual property rights of all innovators and entrepreneurs .
In the run-up to the Bihar assembly elections last year , chief minister Nitishkumar had announced his seven resolutions related to development - power connections , Wi-Fi in schools , tap water for all , road and drainage system in every village , toilets in every house , new engineering and medical colleges etc .
Once the commercial negotiations are through , the company will have the right to use the technology , RAM said .
Asked about defence trade and technology initiative ( Dtti ) with the US , Manoharparrikar said it is already there .
Speaking on use of technology in agriculture , RAM said , Karnataka is in the forefront .
Modi 's visit will focus on investments and technology sharing with these three countries , external affairs ministry spokesperson Syedakbaruddin said .
Speaking to Deccan Herald , co-operation minister H s RAM , who is the In-Charge minister of Chamarajnagar district , said several industries including those involved in Agro-Processing , coconut processing , textile , general engineering , electrical Motors , automobile sector , have evinced interest in setting up their base at the proposed industrial park .
Lucknow has been given RS 119 crore , while RS 107 crore each has been given to Agra , Kanpur and Varanasi , Naidu said , adding that RS 2 crore have been given to Meerut and RAE Bareli for sending a proposal under the smart city mission .
Modi said he assured Wickremesinghe of India 's continuing commitment to its development partnership - in infrastructure , railways , energy , community development projects , agriculture , capacity building , science and technology , space and civil nuclear field .
Referring to the Newton-Bhabha programme of scientific collaboration between the UK and India , Modi said , science is universal , but technology has to be local .
Talking about one of the governments pet Projects- the make in India initiative , Modi said that the RBI can help in that project as well by concentrating on printing our currency locally .
While discussing many new defence projects with Putin , Modi has asked for the alignment of India-Russia defence relations with India 's own priorities , including 'Make in India ' .
Vasco : chief minister Manoharparrikar on Friday said that the union government can look at Italy , Russia and South Korea for transfer for technology ( tot ) to build 12 mine counter measure vessels ( Mcmv ) for the Indian Navy at the GOA shipyard Ltd ( Gsl ) .
On Indo-German ties , Modi said India sees Germany as an important partner in the National flagship programmes of make in India , skill India , start-up India , clean India and smart cities .
Speaking on use of technology in agriculture , Siddaramaiah said , Karnataka is in the forefront .
Briefing about the cabinet meeting , finance minister Arunjaitley said the preference to the domestic manufactured goods would be given under the government procurement preference to make in India order 2017 .
On Yettinaholeasked whether the state government will go ahead with the proposed Yettinahole project in the wake of a recent report by the Indian Institute of science that not more than nine Tmcft of water was available , Siddaramaiah said experts have told the government that more than 24 Tmcft of water was available .
On defence cooperation , Modi said a broad range of new defence projects were discussed that covered how to align our defence relations to India 's own priorities , including make in India .
On the industrial front , Prime Minister Modi announced 'Make in India ' , 'Startup India ' , 'Digital India ' and many more things .
When asked about his response on the Indian Institute of science , which had recently given a report that not more than 9 Tmcft of water would be availed as against 24 Tmcft of water from the Yettinahole project , RAM said , the project was taken up as experts had given the opinion that more than 24 TMC of water can be lift if the project materialises .
New Delhi : commerce and industry minister RAM said the union budget for 2017-18 provides renewed impetus to the governments make in India initiative , manufacturing , and export infrastructure .
Modi said the Mudra scheme of his government had given out crores of rupees in loans to support youths who wanted to be entrepreneurs .
As part of the operation clean money launched on January 31 , 2017 , Arunjaitley said the I-T department would leverage technology and data analysis for E-Verification of cash deposits made during the Demonetisation period .
Pm Modi said that both countries decided to collaborate on defence production and transfer of technology .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general of UID authority of India , Bangalore , told toi on Tuesday : the authority has completed all requirements as outlined by the centre on the technical front .
2 1/2 yrs back , Prime Minister Modi asked everything to join Swacch Bharat , the drama continued for a few days ; then make in India , skill India .
It was in January this year , while speaking at the state credit seminar 2018-19 organised by the National Bank for agriculture and rural development ( Nabard ) , Manoharparrikar said the state government would go cashless by September 30 .
In November 2016 , post demon , Manoharparrikar had announced that GOA would be the first state in the country to go cashless and would achieve this by December 31 , 2016 .
My government will come out with a comprehensive national energy policy and focus on the development of energy related infrastructure , human resources and technology , president Pranabmukherjee said in his address to the joint sitting of parliament today which outlined the vision of the newly elected government .
Bhopal , March 25 : Union home minister Rajnathsingh today said the country 's porous border with Bangladesh and Pakistan would soon be sealed to end infiltration by terrorists , asserting that technology would be used where physical barricades were not feasible .
The government will hold a meeting with its legal and technical teams before attending the meeting , Siddaramaiah said .
Speaking to toi , RAM said this was the first defence innovation hub to come up in the country .
Referring to space technology , Modi said India 's gift of a dedicated satellite for the Saarc region has been planned for launch in 2016 .
