also read | gsp, trade tariffs 'already happened', time to move on, pm modi tells trumpin his opening remarks here, prime minister modi said that the trilateral meeting in osaka is a useful medium of discussion and coordination on major global issues.
also read | punish congress for treachery against farmers, honest taxpayers, says pmsix crore women belonging to all sections and categories were provided with lpg connections under the centre's ujjwala scheme in the last 32 months, modi said, adding, all the welfare schemes are being implemented in a balanced way to benefit all.
more than rs 130 crore in cash and jewellery has been seized and approximately rs 2,000 crore of undisclosed income has been admitted by the taxpayers, it addedin a major assault on black money and terror funding, prime minister modi on november 8 announced demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes and asked holders of such currencies to deposit it in bank accounts by december end.
repatriation and comprehensive tax reform are important to the economy, apple inc ceo timcook said earlier this month on cnbc.
i also propose to increase excise duty on indian made foreign liquor by 4 per cent to raise additional revenue for meeting the budget expenditure, said mr kumaraswamy.
giving reasons for lowering the tax rates, finance minister arunjaitley had said the objective was to maintain equivalence to the existing taxation level.
presenting the state budget proposals, chief minister ram said the present system of excise duty on liquor is unable to capture the value addition that takes place in the retail sale of liquor in bars and clubs.
political obstructionism is being used to ensure it does not come on the agenda of parliament, arunjaitley said at the annual general meeting of industry chamber ficci adding that the select committee of the rajya sabha had approved raising the fdi cap in the insurance sector to 49  from the current 26 the fm said there were enough safeguards, and the constitutional system can deal with and effectively defeat this policy of political obstructions.
i have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the gst stabilizes itself, we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden, the then finance minister arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the punjab municipal corporation law (extension to chandigarh) amendment bill 2017.
i also propose to increase the additional excise duty on beer from 135  to 150 , ram said.
in most consumer products, excise duty is applied on mrp (maximum retail price) less abatement of 30-35%," said pratik jain, leader, indirect tax, pwc.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
its like, no, no, i actually im paying for all of this, barackobama said as he contradicted the general impression that he lived on taxpayers money and had never had to use his wallet.
the finance minister raised the service tax rate to 12% from the existing 10% and also raised the excise duty to 12% from 10%.
last month, barackobama announced his intention to reinstate preferential treatment for myanmar under the generalised system of preferences (gsp) programme, a preferential tariff system.
naidu said besides gst, the government will push for passage of three bills replacing ordinances on combined entrance exam for medical and dental colleges as well as the one seeking amendments to the enemy property act.
i also propose to increase the additional excise duty on beer from 135  to 150 , siddaramaiah said.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president rahulgandhi said the note ban cost 1.
the department has focused on e-governance initiatives to meet the challenges of the rapidly changing economic environment and the expectations of the growing numbers of taxpayers, pranabmukherjee said in his address at the concluding ceremony here of the year-long celebrations commemorating 150 years of the income tax department.
in a letter to oil minister dharmendra pradhan, naidu said the centre had between november 2014 and january 2016 hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel nine times to take away gains arising from a slump in global oil prices.
speaking in the house on the last day of the second part of the budget session, modi said the retiring members would have felt much more satisfied if these two legislation  relating to goods and services tax (gst) and compensatory afforestation fund management and planning authority (campa)  had been passed by the rajya sabha during their tenure.
notebandi (demonetisation), prohibition and goods and services tax (gst) were very courageous steps, but many times i feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than demonetisation, deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said at de-addiction day celebrations in patna in the presence of nitish and prohibition, excise and registration minister bijendra prasad yadav.
(source: pti)continuing his protest against 1 per cent excise duty on non-silver jewellery introduced by the centre, chief minister arvindkejriwal said the bjp and the congress were no different.
in a letter to oil minister dharmendra pradhan, babu said the centre had between november 2014 and january 2016 hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel nine times to take away gains arising from a slump in global oil prices.
by ptinew delhi: hitting out at the opposition, prime minister modi on monday said nearly 8 crore fake beneficiaries were getting government aid during previous dispensations but opposition leaders have gathered now to abuse him as he has stopped their means of looting taxpayers' money.
it is a coincidence that i was the finance minister when value added tax (vat) was introduced and now when gst is going to be introduced, i hold the finance portfolio, ram said.
referring to disruptions in parliament due to which several bills, including the crucial gst legislation is stuck, modi said house is not allowed to function due to inferiority complex (of the opposition leadership).
tax advocate jain , who presented a paper on developing tax culture in india at the event, said the problems faced by taxpayers regarding assessments, rectifications and refunds needed to be addressed.
by ptine delhi: prime minister narendra modi-led government in its second term will implement more economic reforms, raise investment in the farm sector, provide collateral-free loans to entrepreneurs and further simplify gst to boost economic growth, president ram said on thursday.
the goods and services tax (gst)," said pollyanna de lima, economist at ihs markit and author of the report".
taking a strong exception to the cheap political gimmicks of the opposition, manoharlalkhattar said that the opposition earlier criticised me for not meeting the prime minister on the vital issues of the syl canal, gst and the issues of farmers.
