Asked whether his criticism of the centre appeared to be hypocritical , given that the Telugu DeSam party ( TDP ) , of which he is the president , had been part of the National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government till March this year , Naidu said , I was against the Demonetisation of the high-value currency notes , and said so after the move was announced .
Further explaining his stand against Demonetisation , the former union minister said , 80 per cent transactions in Germany and Austria is cash-based , in Australia it is 60 per cent , Canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent , and prime minister Narendramodi says India will go 100 per cent cashless .
Punjab Congress president captain Amarindersingh says the RBI orders prohibiting cooperative banks from Exchanging/Accepting old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes are to blame for the state of affairs in rural Punjab .
Speaking in Lok Sabha after Prime Minister Narendra Modis fiery speech earlier in the day in the house , Shashitharoor said , even the RBI has said that Demonetisation did not bring the change as promised by the government .
Instead , Modi chose not only to go ahead with the ill-conceived move but aggravated the chaos and the woes of the people by getting the finance ministry and the RBI to issue new Diktats every day , he pointed out .
Emphasising that the move destroyed the economy , lives and livelihoods , CPI ( M ) general secretary Sitaram Yechury said : Modi and his minions claimed Demonetisation will end black money , finish corruption , terminate terrorism , and bring only digital transactions .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the note ban on November 8 last year , and Rjd chief Lalu Prasad on Monday said the decision destroyed the country 's economy .
People still suffering due to note Banpeople across the country continue to suffer three months after the unexpected implementation of Demonetisation on November 8 , West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee said , Dhns reports from Kolkata .
Explaining what he called the real reason behind the note ban , Gandhi said , only 6 % of the black money is in cash and the rest 94 % is in real estate , gold and Swiss bank accounts .
New Delhi : West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee and his Delhi counterpart Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday asked the government to scrap the Demonetisation decision in three days or face a revolt .
Says a banker who recounts the last ten days in his life , post Demonetisationfrom the minute prime minister Modi announced the breaking , heart-breaking ( for the hoarders ) and Nation-Shaking news on the fateful night of November 8 about the note ban , the banker in me became restless .
Chandigarh : a day after four militants were killed in Kashmir , Punjab Congress president captain Amarinder Singh pointed out on Monday that the `` much touted '' move to Demonetise RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes had failed to check the inflow of terrorists or fake currency from Pakistan to India .
Earthquakeduring the winter session last year , which was washed out because of ruckus over the governments note ban move , Gandhi told reporters outside parliament that he had information about personal corruption by the prime minister and there would be an earthquake if he was allowed to speak in Lok Sabha .
It is common sense that if 86 % of the cash is taken out of the market , there will be problems , said , adding that the government should have prepared itself better before making the announcement .
Read|Demonetisation has been monumental management failure , says Manmohanchidambaram castigated Modi for quoting from Madhav Godboles book in which the former bureaucrat claimed that former PM Indira Gandhi had rejected the idea of Demonetisation telling then finance minister Yb Chavan about electoral compulsions .
Modi said he wanted to fight against black money so that ordinary citizens get RS 15 lakh each but what came was RS 3 .
Tmc MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy at the parliament house express photo TMC MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy at the parliament house express Photopointing out that Prime Minister Narendramodi had said that hardships will last only 50 days after Demonetisation of high-value currency on November 8 last year , opposition parties , led by the Trinamool Congress ( TMC ) , on Wednesday slammed the government for continuing restrictions on cash withdrawal from banks and ATMs even 90 days on .
Kolkata : Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) on Friday alleged that the state 's BJP unit knew about the Demonetisation beforehand and deposited RS 1 crore in RS 1000 and RS 500 currency notes in the party account of a nationalised bank just hours before prime minister Modi announced scrapping of high value notes at 8 PM on Tuesday .
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir , Punjab Congress chief captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims , note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan .
Also read : Pm-Kisan scheme an insult to farmers , says Priyanka Gandhiduring the Demonetisation , no thief or person with black money , but farmers , youths , unemployed , and people of Bundelkhand stood in the queues , said Gandhi .
Making similar demand , CPI ( M ) general secretary RAM said that in the meeting they told the government that there should be discussion on Demonetisation for two days as it has severely impacted the people across India , who have suffered due to this irrational move .
Otherwise , the mass anger due to agrarian distress , Demonetisation or rising fuel prices among others will not have led to humiliation for the BJP in the assembly polls , Omarabdullah said at an event here .
Dipak Mishrapatna : opposition parties are gearing up to observe November 8 - which marks a year since prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation - as black day .
Speaking in a public rally in GOA , a few days after announcing Demonetisation on 8 November , 2016 , Prime Minister Narendramodi had asked for 50 days from the people of India for Note-Ban related hardships to Endit has been 100 days since Modi announced the scrapping of 86 of Indias currency in circulation .
If they ( the Akalis ) are allowed to continue with their uninhibited control over the States administration till the completion of the polls , they will not only plunge the state into further lawlessness but will misuse the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak committee ( Sgpc ) to convert their black money into white , said Amarinder .
Taking on prime minister Narendra Modi over last Novembers Demonetisation exercise , senior Congress leader P Chidambaram said on Saturday he would have quit as finance minister if forced to implement the measure .
Home minister g RAM said , Modi , who falsely promised he will change the 70-year-old economy in 50 days , does not have answers on how much black money is present in the country and how much is with terrorists .
All restrictions should be withdrawn immediately # Demonetisation , Mamatabanerjee said in a Tweet on Monday .
Ani Byraebareli : Congress president Gandhi on Saturday said that no prime minister except Narendra Modi took foolish decisions such as Demonetisation and goods and servies tax ( GST ) in the past 70 years .
Maken also recalled that Prime Minister Modi , during his Lok Sabha election campaign , had said that if the black money is brought back , each citizen will have RS 15 lakh while home minister Rajnath Singh , who was then BJP president , had promised to bring back black money within 100 days .
Chief minister Mamatabanerjee claimed the victory was a result of public ire against Demonetisation and said the party will launch district and Panchayat-Level Agitations in Bengal from Wednesday against the move .
As a result what is happening is that the benefit of withdrawal of cash is getting restricted to smaller number of people .
Donning a Himachali cap with dry followers atop , Rahulgandhi in his forty minute speech said , `` Demonetisation is a move against the poor .
A buyer Mukeshkumar had such an experience on Thursday when new Indian express visited Kankarbagh for a Month-After assessment of what has been wrought by the big D.Having received the expected response from Prasadji , Mr Mukeshkumar told me his party of the story : the ATMs are still giving this note only .
As early as 11am , the state bank of India ( SBI ) ATM at Bomikhal had run out of cash , reminding the kiosk 's security guard of the initial days after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
Terming such acts as blatant fraud and cheating on the people , Amarinder once again demanded a review of the Demonetisation policy to minimize the woes of the people '' .
What of people who have already exchanged thousands through their employees ?
Kolkata : West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee on Wednesday said people have been forced to accept the scrapping of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes not willingly but out of fear , taking a dig at prime minister Narendra Modis vehement justification of Demonetisation of higher value notes in parliament on Tuesday .
In a written reply to the Rajya Sabha , Meghwal said : no high quality Ficn has been recovered post Demonetisation .
Making political hay of data released by the central statistics office and taking a swipe at economists some like Harvard professor and Nobel laureate Amartya Sen called Demonetisation a despotic action that has struck at the root of economy based on trust while Manmohan Singh who went to Oxford described it as organised loot and Legalised plunder Modi told election rallies in Maharajganj and Deoria that Ek Taraf Woh Vidhwano Ki Jamaat Hai Jo Harvard University Ke Naam par Baat Karte Hain , Ek AUR Garib MA ka beta Hai Jo hard work Ke Dwara Desh Ki Arth-Neeti Badalne par Laga Hua Hai ( on the one hand , there are intellectuals who speak in the name of Harvard University , and on the other , a poor mothers son is trying to change the economic policy of the country ) .
In Punjab 's context , Amarindersingh said the agriculture sector , which was largely dependent on cash transactions , had been hit hard , along with the informal sector .
I dont know what the note contains but the conclusion I believe was that Demonetisation is not a wise step , RAM told Ht .
Donning a Himachali cap with dry followers atop , Gandhi in his forty minute speech said , `` Demonetisation is a move against the poor .
Jharkhiholi had made news in November when , days after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of high-value currencies , he had conducted an extravagant wedding for his son on the lines of former BJP minister and mining baron g Janardhan Reddys daughters wedding the same month .
His plans were pushed back when Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
Referring to the latest U-turn by the RBI on deposit of old notes under the Demonetisation policy , Amarinder said Modi and his team were pushing the country into a state of financial anarchy and chaos by not following any rules in the matter of Demonetisation .
Reacting to union finance minister Arun Jaitleys claim that the Post-Demonetisation situation in the country would stabilise in another two to three weeks , Amarindersingh said he did not see the situation improving even in the next one year .
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state , Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban .
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state , Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban .
Siddaramaiah said the cooperative sector that is so critical in servicing the farmers and the rural folk virtually came to stand still because of Demonetisation .
The Reserve Bank of India had warned the government about Demonetisation hours before prime minister Narendramodi announced the move on November 8 , 2016 , Congress leader Jairan Ramesh said at a press conference on Monday .
Dipak Mishrapatna : opposition parties are gearing up to observe November 8 - which marks a year since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation - as black day .
In a bid to expose Modi 's double speak , Nitishkumar said : Modi had promised to bring back black money after being elected to power .
The issue came for discussion at the last meeting of the union cabinet during which prime minister Manmohansingh had said that it was not possible to make specific details such as about black money parked in Swiss banks .
In a statement issued here , Amarindersingh said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake RS 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi .
The impact of Demonetisation was bound to show up on the growth figures , said DK RAM , chief economist of CRISIL , while forecasting 7 .
Some have plenty ( of new currency ) , and there are some who have nothing , it said .
Pointing out that a few days ago the finance minister Arunjaitley had said the economic decline had nothing to do with Demonetisation , Rahul said the entire world is saying the Demonetisation has wrecked Indian economy .
Attacking the centre over currency ban , Akhileshyadav said it was not only that the people who suffered due to Demonetisation , note ban had hit the countrys economy equally hard .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 , 2016 , there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent .
If Demonetisation is beneficial for the common man , then why are the shopkeepers , farmers and labourers suffering so much , Mamatabanerjee asked the crowd present at the meeting .
During the budget debate in the parliament , finance minister Arunjaitley too had said that the demand for perishables had been affected due to Demonetisation .
Not much has been done to address the adverse impact of Demonetisation , Naveenpatnaik said and added that specific concerns of Odisha relating to development of KBK region , opening of bank branches in unbanked gram Panchayats and meeting of developmental aspirations of SCS and STS have not been addressed .
Senior lawyer Kapil Sibal , who appeared for one of the petitioners , told the bench that people are starving in the streets as there was no cash at all .
Still , the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since October 2016 , endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of Demonetisation and GST , Dodhia said .
As early as 11am , the state bank of India ( SBI ) ATM at Bomikhal had run out of cash , reminding the kiosk 's security guard of the initial days after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
In a statement issued here , Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake RS 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi .
Congress MP Shashitharoor ( PTI photo ) Congress MP Shashitharoor ( PTI photo ) attacking the government over Demonetisation , Congress leader Shashitharoor Tuesday said there has been no positive impact on the economy due to note ban .
In a statement issued here , Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake RS 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi .
Prime Minister Modi announced the Demonetisation on November 8 , a decision that sucked out 86 of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and ATMs for cash .
Chennai : the textile sector nearly hit a standstill during the first few weeks after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation .
I fail to understand it ) , said Akhileshyadav while trying to bring home the point that the BJP had used Demonetisation as a tool to Befool people in the name of checking black money and curbing corruption .
Blaming Modi of misusing powers by implementing Demonetisation , Gandhi said : Demonetisation had taken money out of people 's pockets and the prime minister gave that amount to his industrialist friends .
However , Anand Pawar , a businessman from Fort , does not believe that the introduction of indelible ink will make a difference .
In a statement issued here , Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake RS 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi .
Speaking on Mondays protests against Demonetisation , Siddaramaiah said they were not opposed to taking action against hoarders or eliminating fake currency .
Still , the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since October 2016 , endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of Demonetisation and GST , '' Dodhia said .
Siddaramaiah said Demonetisation has hit tax collection , but the commercial taxes department will meet the revenue target of RS 51,338 crore for the current financial year .
The government and opposition parties were Thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister Arun Jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend Demonetisation while Congress president Gandhi said the note ban cost 1 .
Pt RAM , assistant general manager , SBI main branch , Hubballi , said their ATMs are not facing any virus threat , but admitted to a cash crunch .
Modi claimed that while all political parties stood together on the issue of corruption , both Mayawati and SP patriarch Mulayam Singh Yadav were both angered by his note ban decision .
Prior to November 8 , the day prime minister Modi announced scrapping of RS 500 and RS 1,000 banknotes , around RS 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 Atms.Read | 50 days of Demonetisation : ATM queues shorter but ripples to remain in Januarythough cash situation is better , queues can still be seen outside several ATM kiosks , primarily due to withdrawal restrictions RS 4,500 per day and RS 24,000 a week .
In a statement issued here , Amarinder said Sunday 's encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake RS 2,000 notes into India via Bangladesh were `` proof '' that the decision was ill-conceived and not helping curb terror .
Questioning the governments move to replace RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes with new ones , Shashitharoor said it has only added to corruption .
Talking about GST and Demonetisation , Gandhi claimed : due to GST and Demonetisation , small and medium businesses have been destroyed .
Jo Kataarein ATM Ke Bahar Lagi Hai wo polling booth Ke Bahar Lagegi ( polling booths will see long queues like ones outside ATMs now , Akhileshyadav told PTI in an interview .
Need for maximum Oppn Unity , note ban a diversion : Nitishnew Delhi , Feb 10 , 2017 ( PTI ) 21:23 Istthere is need for maximum opposition unity against BJP based on a proper agenda , Bihar chief Nitishkumar said today in comments that were also critical of Demonetisation which he felt was done without preparation .
Gandhi claimed that Lakhs of youth lost jobs because of Demonetisation and GST as production in factories stopped due to lack of demand in the market .
Accusing Modi of being totally arrogant , Mamatabanerjee claimed alleged that he was responsible for over 120 deaths owing to Demonetisation .
Addressing the Mediapersons on the spot , Amarinder said : people of Punjab were facing unprecedented financial crisis , but the state government led by chief minister Parkash Singh Badal was completely unconcerned about their plight since they had control of various institutions and businesses to transform their own black money into white .
Highlighting Modi governments failure in almost all sectors , Mamata said : Modi said Demonetisation would bring down terrorism , instead it had grown during his tenure .
Since prime minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation of high value currency notes on November 8 , there have been long queues outside banks and Atms.In his written communication to RBI and SBI , Prakash Chand ( controller of accounts - Pao ) said that Nowdays public was visiting the bank branches for withdrawal of money from their accounts and also depositing and exchanging their old notes .
Despite his opposition to Demonetisation , RAM said there was no evidence that majority of the Jan Dhan accounts were used for money laundering Post-Currency withdrawal .
You will have the currency squeeze that will take place because a lot of static currency is not going to come back into the market .
It is the same as encouraging cashless initiatives without creating infrastructure Post-Demonetisation and recalling old notes without calibrating ATMs , said Jamshedpur petroleum dealers association general secretary Rajivkumar and owner of an HP fuel outlet in Sakchi .
Asked about the budget being hailed as a surgical strike , Gandhi said , surgical strikes will happen on Mr Modi one after the other over the next two months on issues such as Rafale , jobs and Demonetisation .
Bengalureans have been depending on various jugaad methods since the day prime minister Modi announced a surgical strike on black money .
Ani Byraebareli : Congress president Rahulgandhi on Saturday said that no prime minister except Narendra Modi took foolish decisions such as Demonetisation and goods and servies tax ( GST ) in the past 70 years .
It is a fact that perhaps the Demonetisation process , as was pointed out , may cause a momentary setback or momentary slowdown ( to the country 's exports ) , commerce secretary Rita Teaotia said .
Gandhi said that he would continue to fight for the salaried class and put pressure on the government which works for a selected group of industrialists and those with black money .
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir , Punjab Congress chief captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims , note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan .
Private sector activity dipped for the first time since the Demonetisation shock and to the greatest extent since early 2009 , mirroring the sales trend , '' said Pollyanna de Lima , principal economist at IHS Markit .
Raising his pet poll issues , Gandhi said : prime minister Narendra Modi ruined the country 's economy by implementing Demonetisation and 'Gabbar Singh tax ' ( GST ) .
Pm Narendramodi with BJP chief Amit Shah PM Narendramodi with BJP chief Amit Shahformer sp youth wing president of Baghpat district , Tarun Deo Yadav , has announced appropriate reward for those who would behead prime minister Narendramodi and BJP chief Amit Shah for creating an Emergency-Like situation through Demonetisation and being responsible for the 2002 Godhra riots .
It has been three days since prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , and people have been running helter-skelter to get their currency exchanged .
District In-Charge minister RAM said Demonetisation has affected the country massively in terms of declining growth rate .
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state , Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban .
Noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his new year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban , Amarinder said Modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the Congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from Punjab and Uttar Pradesh farmers seeking relaxation .
Hyderabad : days after AP chief minister Chandrababu RAM said people are fast losing faith in the banking system , the two Telugu-Speaking States Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have joined hands on the cash crunch , contesting union finance minister Arun Jaitleys claims that the cash shortage is only a temporary phenomenon .
Union minister RAM said that the Congress is indulging in fear-mongering on Demonetisation .
The government seems to have reached its levels of desperation to overcome the initial blunder it created through the unplanned and Unthought process of Demonetisation , Gandhi said on Facebook .
On the other hand , MP and former JD ( U ) president Sharad Yadav sits on a Dharna with Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee , demanding a rollback of the Demonetisation decision , senior BJP leader Modi said .
A woman displays a bank coupon issued for collecting cash on Tuesday .
Talking to reporters outside Rashtrapati Bhavan after leading a delegation of some opposition party leaders to meet President Pranab Mukherjee , Mamatabanerjee said her party was for tackling black money and accused the central government of implementing the Demonetisation move without proper planning .
( express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi ) accusing prime minister Narendra Modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the RBI , Congress vice president Rahulgandhi said on Monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on Demonetisation just a day before the move .
Pms address disappointing : Jakharmeanwhile , state Congress vice-president Sunil Jakhar said Modis address to the nation on the new year eve has left the people suffering from the Demonetisation move disappointed .
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir , Punjab Congress chief captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims , note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan .
By Ptiwashington : Demonetisation and the goods and services tax ( GST ) are the two major headwinds that held back India 's economic growth last year , former RBI governor Raghuramrajan has said , asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country 's needs .
Amid criticism over the Demonetisation move affecting many people and its overall benefits , RAM claimed that while the whole nation stood with the prime minister , the opposition chose to be with the corrupt people .
Rohatgi said , several cases are filed each passing day in various high courts on various aspects post Demonetisation and it is not possible to deal with cases simultaneously in Kerala , Kolkata , Jaipur and Mumbai .
By Ptiwashington : Demonetisation and the goods and services tax ( GST ) are the two major headwinds that held back India 's economic growth last year , former RBI governor RAM has said , asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country 's needs .
He appealed to the judiciary to stop the Modi government from playing a fraud with the people , saying these changing rules were wreaking havoc with the lives of the people already reeling under immense hardship as a result of the currency ban .
Kolkata : West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee today asked prime minister Narendra Modi about how many more lives would be lost in the country in the wake of the Demonetisation move .
Hitting out at the government on Demonetisation , Gandhi said , last year I dont know what happened on November 8th Narendra Modi got an idea , he came on the TV and said Bhaio , Behno Im going to ban the notes in your pockets .
In Bhilwara , Gandhi said Demonetisation and GST left Lakhs of people unemployed .
Chandigarh : Punjab Congress president Capt Amarindersingh on Sunday said the party will move the court over the Demonetisation related deaths , even as he extended his full support to the proposed strike by the industries over the issue on December 16 .
Accusing prime minister Narendra Modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the RBI , Congress vice president Rahulgandhi said on Monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on Demonetisation just a day before the move .
( express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi ) accusing prime minister Narendra Modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the RBI , Congress vice president Gandhi said on Monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on Demonetisation just a day before the move .
While announcing RS 2 lakh compensation for the families of Demonetisation victims , chief minister Akhileshyadav on Wednesday said the government would give RS 5 lakh to the family members of the woman who Immolated herself after allegedly failing to exchange scrapped currency notes in Aligarh district .
A day after finance minister Arunjaitley said it will be erroneous to attribute the slowdown in economic growth in the last quarter of 2016-17 solely to Demonetisation , Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said the best way to describe the governments reaction was utter confusion , perplexity , hypocrisy , bewilderment and bemusement .
Modi said we will give RS 15 lakh in every bank account ( by bringing back black money stashed away abroad ) , but didnt even deposit RS 5 .
In a statement issued here on Tuesday , the Congress leader said from the war hysteria whipped up two months ago to the Demonetisation shocker that it unleashed against the people of India , the Modi government seemed to be moving Concertedly in the direction of triggering unrest in the country in order to further their political interests , and to protect their friends in the industry and in their party .
Lalu said that Modi may claim that it was his bold decision but in reality , Demonetisation has taken the country back by many years .
Punjab Congress chief captain Amarinder Singh on Sunday asked prime minister Narendra Modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his Demonetisation move .
( file photo ) at a public meeting on Monday , West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee asked corporate houses and businessmen why they were keeping quiet about Demonetisation and urged them to come forward and speak out against it .
In a statement issued here , Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake RS 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi .
Commenting on the Demonetisation process , Manmohansingh had said yesterday that it was responsible for the slowdown in Indias economy and cited a collapse in private sector investment and the reduction of the Industrys gross value added growth .
Reminding him of his poll promise , Mamatabanerjee said : he has not been able to bring back the black money stashed abroad but has snatched away peoples money slyly by Demonetizing the high value notes .
( express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi ) accusing prime minister Narendra Modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the RBI , Congress vice president Rahulgandhi said on Monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on Demonetisation just a day before the move .
West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee said on Thursday she was correct in opposing the Demonetisation move by the centre , a day after data showed a weaker-than-expected economic growth that may have been hit by the ban on High-Denomination banknotes .
When customers told her that the banks were unable to give RS 100 denomination notes , Mamatabanerjee told them to insist on the same .
Jharkhiholi had made news in November when , days after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of high-value currencies , he had conducted an extravagant wedding for his son on the lines of former BJP minister and mining baron g Janardhan Reddys daughters wedding the same month .
When you change design of notes , it is a laborious process , he said , adding that if the government had decided in favour of simultaneous release Ofrs 1,000 notes , more designers would have to be engaged , thus putting the secrecy element at risk .
The then finance minister Arunjaitley had told Rajya Sabha in response to a question on December 18 , 2018 that according to information available three officials of state bank of India and one of its customers died during the period of Demonetisation .
The Demonetisation step is irreversible , RAM said .
Rajkot : assailing prime minister Narendra Modi over Demonetisation , senior Congress leader P Chidambaram today said he would have quit as finance minister if forced to implement the measure .
It 's not a satisfactory number , we have to remember that the sector itself is going under a major structural reform .
During the 40-minute long meeting , Mamatabanerjee claimed to have spoken about the problems faced by the common people due to the Demonetisation move .
After prime minister Modi announced that RS 500 and RS 1,000 currencies have no legal tender from midnight of November 8 , the black money holders have been finding various way to change their money into white .
This is an attempt to break the unity of the opposition on the issue of Demonetisation , Congress general secretary C P RAM told reporters in New Delhi .
Before taking the decision , proper exercise to know whether the nation has sufficient notes of lower denomination to compensate the old ones was not done , said RAM Babu .
We are also struggling a lot because of the Demonetisation , said Kumarravi , who wanted to go to Chennai from Mysuru road satellite bus station .
Demonetisation was a bad idea implemented badly and GST was a good idea implemented badly , Shashitharoor said .
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir , Punjab Congress chief captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims , note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan .
Those who implemented Demonetisation should be asked the rest of the things , Nitishkumar said .
Finance Minister RAM claimed there was no record of the cabinet meeting of November 8 which , according to the government , had taken the Demonetisation decision .
Earlier , attacking the Narendra Modi government on Demonetisation , Congress president Gandhi on Wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers .
In the video of the programme , which surfaced on media , Jalil is heard telling the crowd that Prime Minister Modi had said if he fails to end people 's woes within 50 days of Demonetisation , then he would be ready to face any punishment .
It is common sense that if 86 % of the cash is taken out of the market , there will be problems , said , adding that the government should have prepared itself better before making the announcement .
The Supreme Court on Thursday asked the centre how crores in new currency were being seized every day , even as banks have expressed their inability to dispense RS 24,000 to each account holder the weekly withdrawal limit set after Demonetisation .
In yet another attack at the Narendra Modi-Led Bhartiya Janata Party ( BJP ) government , Chidambaram said , the economy has slowed down because of Demonetisation .
Earlier , attacking the Narendra Modi government on Demonetisation , Congress president Rahulgandhi on Wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had said that after Demonetisation , terrorism will stop but it has not happened .
In a speech laced with barbs and humour , Modi said opportunities were given to those with black money to come clean .
Seeking to debunk the exaggerated claims of the prime minister , RAM said instead of targeting black money and corruption , the government has targeted the poor .
Further action is being taken by the tax department and it is not an aimless fishing expedition , '' Das said .
Gandhi said finance minister Arunjaitley had recently said economic decline had nothing to do with the Demonetisation .
New Delhi : Note ban has hit the National Capital 's economic growth and forced the city government to cut spending on various developmental projects by about RS 4,100 crore , deputy chief minister Manishsisodia said today .
According to information accessed from the registrar of companies ( RoC ) , in the year after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off , the fifth most in the country after Delhi and Maharashtra , Andhra Pradesh-Telangana and Tamil Nadu .
According to information accessed from the registrar of companies ( RoC ) , in the year after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off , the fifth most in the country after Delhi and Maharashtra , Andhra Pradesh-Telangana and Tamil Nadu .
2:30 PM speaking about Congress plans to launch a black day drive on November 8 , the anniversary of Demonetisation move , PM Modi said , theyre going to celebrate 8 Nov as black day & burn my effigies .
Announcing the use of indelible ink , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said : We have received reports that certain unscrupulous elements , who are trying to convert black money into white , have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another to exchange notes and get RS 4,500 each .
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir , Punjab Congress chief captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims , note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan .
Denouncing Demonetisation , Shashitharoor said that there was no positive effect of Demonetisation on the economy .
Tmc MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy at the parliament house express photo TMC MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy at the parliament house express Photopointing out that Prime Minister Modi had said that hardships will last only 50 days after Demonetisation of high-value currency on November 8 last year , opposition parties , led by the Trinamool Congress ( TMC ) , on Wednesday slammed the government for continuing restrictions on cash withdrawal from banks and ATMs even 90 days on .
With the BJP focusing on boosting his image as a Pro-Poor PM , Modi also asked the MPs to promote and market Bhim , the governments digital payment application .
The Reserve Bank of India had warned the government about Demonetisation hours before prime minister Modi announced the move on November 8 , 2016 , Congress leader Jairan Ramesh said at a press conference on Monday .
P RAM said that the Demonetisation move would hit the GDP .
Referring to the latest U-turn by the RBI on deposit of old notes under the Demonetisation policy , Amarinder said Modi and his team were pushing the country into a state of financial anarchy and chaos by not following any rules in the matter of Demonetisation .
Further action is being taken by the tax department and it is not an aimless fishing expedition , '' Das said .
Modi could easily have rolled back the Demonetisation decision within the first few days of its announcement , as soon as it became evident that far from meeting its objective of curbing black money and corruption it was actually creating unprecedented problems for the innocent people , '' said Amarinder .
Referring to defence minister Manohar Parrikar 's claim that Demonetisation had a positive impact on the Kashmir situation , Omarabdullah said , instead of continuing to invest in delusions and Deflections , there is a need to understand real issues so that a solution can be worked out .
At a separate briefing Thursday , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said that 50 per cent worth of the withdrawn currency would be in circulation by the end of the month .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 announced the scrapping of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , which formed about 86 per cent of total currency in circulation , with an aim to curb Blackmoney and corruption .
Attacking Modis policy , Gandhi said that two months after the conclusion of Demonetisation drive , the government has failed to provide even estimate of black money unearthed .
West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee , a strident Modi critic , told journalists after the opposition meeting that all parties criticised the governments handling of Kashmir , caste clashes in Saharanpur , Demonetisation and incidents of cow vigilantism .
( file ) hitting out strongly at the centre over its unplanned and inhuman Demonetisation move , Punjab Congress chief Amarinder Singh on Tuesday said that the step would backfire on the Modi government .
Lashing out at the prime minister for taking refuge in histrionics and falsehoods to cover up his failure in managing Demonetisation , Amarinder said contrary to Modis claims , poor of the country were suffering the most from the move .
The finance ministry has urged people to withdraw only as much cash as they need from ATMs , and the ministry is looking into complaints about ATMs running dry , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said here on Wednesday .
This is ridiculous , said Rajkamal Das , who is a bank employee himself .
Announcing the use of indelible ink , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said : We have received reports that certain unscrupulous elements , who are trying to convert black money into white , have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another to exchange notes and get RS 4,500 each .
The govt seems to have reached its levels of desperation to overcome the initial blunder it created , through the unplanned and Unthought process of Demonetisation , Gandhi said in his Facebook post .
Accusing prime minister Narendra Modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the RBI , Congress vice president Gandhi said on Monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on Demonetisation just a day before the move .
West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee ( file photo ) West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee ( file photo ) West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee on Wednesday said the centre must announce a farm loan waiver across the country and claimed that the farmers were in distress due to Demonetisation .
Modi could easily have rolled back the Demonetisation decision within the first few days of its announcement , as soon as it became evident that far from meeting its objective of curbing black money and corruption it was actually creating unprecedented problems for the innocent people , said Amarinder .
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state , Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban .
Asked if it was now clear that Demonetisation led to lower growth , Arunjaitley said : what you think is very clear is not very clear .
West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , however , termed the Byelection result as a mandate against the centre 's decision of Demonetisation .
Scuttling the debate on Demonetisation for than two weeks and not allowing parliament , staging Dharnas , going to the well of the house , abusing the prime minister , raising slogans is in no way going to help democracy , Naidu said .
Even countries which are technologically far more advanced than India with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place , said Mukherjee , while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions .
Despite those problems , Prime Minister Modi says his November 8 Demonetisation decree has succeeded in uncovering tax evasion and cracking down on graft .
The Supreme Court on Thursday asked the centre how crores in new currency were being seized every day , even as banks have expressed their inability to dispense RS 24,000 to each account holder the weekly withdrawal limit set after Demonetisation .
Watch video : Demonetisation : Supreme Court refuses to stay Proceedingsthe apex court had on November 18 dubbed as a serious issue the long queues outside banks and post offices and expressed its reservation on the centres plea seeking a direction that no other court in the country should entertain petitions challenging the November 8 notification Demonetising RS 1,000 and RS 500 currency notes .
No quick result : PM prime minister Manmohansingh today said there was no instant solution to bring back black money .
West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee , a strident Modi critic , told journalists after the opposition meeting that all parties criticised the government 's handling of Kashmir , caste clashes in Saharanpur , Demonetisation and incidents of cow vigilantism .
The Congress has already decided to raise Demonetisation as a poll issue .
On the controversial Noteban decision , former prime minister Manmohansingh said scars and wounds caused by Demonetisation are getting more visible with time and second anniversary is a day to remember how economic misadventures could roil the nation .
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir , Punjab Congress chief captain Amarindersingh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims , note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan .
In a statement issued here , Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake RS 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi .
79 million followers and other Twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against Demonetisation , which prime minister Modi had announced on November 8 last year .
We welcome the Demonetisation move .
Digital payments will help fight corruption and proliferation of black money , said PM Modi .
Buoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi today said he was committed to root out corruption .
The government believes that this decision has been welcomed everywhere .
Prem Nath Pandeynaik Mahendra Singh , 30 , was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in Siachen when Prime Minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 last year .
Gst , he said , will also check tax evasion and help in increasing the revenue of centre as well as states .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the Demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on November 8 .
In a bid to promote digital transactions , Modi said , for entrepreneurs dealing in such transaction , tax will be calculated at 6 per cent , not 8 .
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places .
After the government 's decision of withdrawing RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 banknotes to curb black money , corruption and counterfeit currency , Arunjaitley said that Higher-Denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies .
Modi said that immediately after coming to power in May last year , the BJP government constituted a special investigation team ( sit ) on black money and later enacted a black money ( undisclosed foreign income and assets ) and imposition of tax act , 2015 .
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir , Punjab Congress chief captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims , note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan .
Modi said Demonetisation would curb terrorism , but it is maximum under his government , she said .
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues , it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place , Das said .
( express photo by Vishal Srivastava ) attributing Demonetisation of higher denomination notes to the economic thinking of Babasaheb Ambedkar , Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath today said the centre displayed immense political willpower and courage in Demonetising the currency notes of RS 1,000 and RS 500 .
By-Elections for four Lok Sabha seats - Cooch Behar and Tamluk in Purba Medinipur district in West Bengal , Shahdol in Madhya Pradesh and Lakhimpur in Assam will be held on November 19 .
While announcing the Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till December 30 .
Jain said there would be a distance of 400 meters between two water ATMs which could be adjusted according to the convenience of people .
To mitigate their hardship , the RBI has started distributing high security RS 500 notes from yesterday .
Devoting considerable attention to Demonetisation and its aftereffects , Arunjaitley said the surplus liquidity in the banking system created by the note ban decision will lower borrowing cost and increase access to credit .
New Delhi/Kolkata/Lucknow : with his government under opposition fire over Demonetisation both within and outside parliament , Prime Minister Modi has asked BJP MPs to publicise the benefits of the exercise and steps taken for mitigation of their problems .
Slamming Congress and left parties for focusing only on difficulties seen after Demonetisation drive , Jaitley said they were completely ignoring the economic and moral objectives behind the move .
Participating in the debate , Naresh Agarwal ( SP ) said former prime minister Manmohansingh , who was in the house , had earlier said that GDP growth will slowdown by 2 percentage points due to the impact of Demonetisation .
All that Modi said in 2014 is Jumla bringing back black money , giving employment to two crore people , implementing the recommendations of the Swaminathan committee report to help resolve farmer woes .
Prime Minister Modi had told a rally in Agra yesterday said that political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by Demonetisation , indirectly referring to Mamata Banerjee .
After the note ban , Modi made honest and hardworking citizens to stand in queues outside banks , Gandhi said .
The Congress has already decided to raise Demonetisation as a poll issue .
Economic Affairs secretary Subhashchandragarg said the Reserve Bank will increase five-fold the printing of RS 500 notes to about RS 2,500 crore a day to deal with the cash shortage .
Speaking in a public rally in GOA , a few days after announcing Demonetisation on 8 November , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi had asked for 50 days from the people of India for Note-Ban related hardships to Endit has been 100 days since Modi announced the scrapping of 86 of Indias currency in circulation .
We must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side , Andhra Pradesh chief minister Naidu , who heads the panel , said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Referring to government 's decision of Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Modi said the decision has not been taken to harass people but to help poor , marginalised and honest people .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the note ban on November 8 last year , and Rjd chief Lalu Prasad on Monday said the decision destroyed the country 's economy .
Das further said all government offices have been asked to use only digital payment methods for making payments to stakeholders , contractors and employees .
In last November , after the decision ( Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes ) to fight black money and corruption , many lies were hurled , rumours were created and allegations were levelled that everything will disintegrate now and the economy will finish , Modi said .
Sharing the pain and miseries of the people are facing due to Demonetisation of high value currency notes , Modi said that history would not remember which prime minister enforced Demonetisation but it would certainly remember how the people fought war on black money braving all troubles .
In response , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said that there is no shortage of funds as RS 100 notes are in circulation and the ATMs needed to be re-calibrated to issue new currency notes of RS 500 and RS 2,000 .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Thursday said Demonetisation resulted in Formalisation of economy and increased tax base , prompting the government to earmark more resources for the poor and infrastructure development .
Gujarat leads the pack in seizures of fake RS 2,000 notes between November 9 last year , a day after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , and March 7 this year , followed by Delhi and Karnataka .
In a letter to chief election commissioner Nasim Zaidi , Amarinder said that , given the time constraints , the matter needed urgent attention of the EC and the RBI , to facilitate fair play of democratic processes .
( source : PTI photo ) stating that Demonetisation has had no impact on GDP , Prime Minister Modi citing testimonials by Apple chief Tim Cook , Microsoft founder Bill Gates , World Bank chief Kristalina Georgieva , Nobel laureate for economics Muhammad Yunus and others , on Tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect .
The mother-son Duo should not forget that it was due to the Demonetisation that several shell companies were busted and because of this , your company was caught , Modi said .
Asked whether he would support yoga guru Baba Ramdev in his fight against black money and corruption , Nitishkumar said every person has the right to express his views in a Democratic manner , which is a step in the right direction .
Modi also said that political and business leaders globally have supported the Demonetisation move .
Being a Delhi girl , I challenge you to fight the last two phases of the Lok Sabha elections on the issues of Demonetisation , GST , women 's security and the false promises made to people of the country , Priyanka Gandhi had said during the roadshow .
Cash crunch : finance minister Arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain States is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation .
Reacting to Congress claim that note ban brought hardship to the farmers , Arunjaitley said the opposition should stop bringing in farmers on every issue .
Saying that he supports digital payment , Chidambaram also said that high value transitions should be digital but we should not force grocer to accept card payment .
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places .
Bhubaneswar : Union finance minister Arunjaitley on Thursday said prime minister Narendra Modi has created a 'New normal ' for the country 's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his Demonetisation move .
( file photo ) finance minister Arun Jaitley today said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of ATMs on a daily basis to sort out operational issues .
The DEA secretary revealed that the finance ministry has received reports of many trying to convert their black money by sending people in groups to swap currency at Bank counters .
There may even be riots , observed a bench of chief justice TS Thakur and justice a R Dave .
Officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the Calcutta police area since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of the two categories of notes on November 8 .
On November 8 ( when Modi announced Demonetisation ) Modiji told you that I am your PM and listen to my Mann Ki Baat .
Not much has been done to address the adverse impact of Demonetisation , Naveenpatnaik said and added that specific concerns of Odisha relating to development of KBK region , opening of bank branches in unbanked gram Panchayats and meeting of developmental aspirations of SCS and STS have not addressed .
It is January 12 , 2017 , 66 days since prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
After December 30 scheme ( the last date for depositing Demonetised notes ) if you feel that there will be no action , there is no guarantee that something new will not be introduced to punish you ( Thikane Lagane Ke Liye ) , Modi said .
In future , the proportion of hard currencies in India is set to become less just like the other developed nations .
Agra , Nov 20 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:32 Istprime minister Narendramodi today said political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by Demonetisation , in remarks seen as sharp attack on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee .
Now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency , Jaitley said .
So more black money will not be generated , Modi said in an interview to network 18 .
Referring to Demonetisation , Modi said he will not stop until and unless he recovers the black money and said it was Congress which has a problem with the ban .
Rs 1,000 currency notes to be back soon : Centrenew Delhi , November 11,2016 , Dhns : 0:58 Istthe Union government plans to re-introduce RS 1,000 currency note with a new design and additional security features once the dust settles on the decision to Demonetise high denomination bank notes .
Say 'Yes to digital payment , no to cash ' : PM Modi in a fresh push towards digital payments , Prime Minister Modi on Thursday told businesses to shun cash and go digital to bring transparency and root out black money .
Dubbing Demonetisation as a shameless flop show , Mamatabanerjee asked the common people to rise in protest even as TMC activists staged Dharnas in front of RBI office in Kolkata as well as CBI office besides many places in the districts in West Bengal .
After that , the sufferings of the masses will lessen , and the real problems will begin for those handful of people indulging in corruption and black money hoarders , Modi said .
Citing an example , Rohatgi said petrol pumps deposited mostly RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes in banks when the exemptions were allowed .
A shift to digital payments has huge benefits for the common man it has a transformative impact in terms of greater Formalisation of the economy and mainstreaming of financial savings into the banking system , Arunjaitley told parliament .
Asked whether his criticism of the centre appeared to be hypocritical , given that the Telugu DeSam party ( TDP ) , of which he is the president , had been part of the National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government till March this year , Babu said , I was against the Demonetisation of the high-value currency notes , and said so after the move was announced .
Obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks , but that can not be an alibi that India continues to live ( with black money and parallel economy ) , Jaitley said '' .
Vijayawada : the decision of Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 currency would help both the centre and states garner more revenue , but the black money hoarders would search for alternatives to protect their illegal money and the centre should be well prepared to deal with it , finance minister RAM said here on Friday .
Patna , may 5 : the Rjd has raked up the issue of Demonetisation again , even though its ally JDU 's chief Nitishkumar had said the note ban had found resonance among the poor .
Indias economic growth of 7 during October-December has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after Prime Minister Modi announced on November 8 the Demonetisation exercise , which weeded out 86 of the currency notes in circulation .
Kochi : chief economic advisor RAM has said Demonetisation can be called successful only if the amount of currency in circulation comes down over time and there is an increase in tax compliance .
It would be good if the banks make some arrangements to ensure smaller denomination notes are made available in Atms.Voicing similar opinion , Subitha Kumar from Shantinagar said , we have been struggling ever since prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation .
Admitting that Demonetisation has affected finances of the state , finance minister RAM said that there is a decrease in tax revenues for the last four months -- from November , 2016 to February , 2017 .
Normalcy has returned to the currency system post Demonetisation and the pace of cash withdrawls has come down , said R Gandhi who retired as deputy governor of Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) on Monday and was in charge of the currency management division .
Agreeing to the fact that Jan Dhan accounts had been misused by high and mighty to convert their black money into white , Akhileshyadav said even his government was against such corruption .
In remarks apparently aimed at former Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan , who Friday blamed the goods and services tax roll-out along with Demonetisation for lower GDP growth , Arunjaitley said the economy recovered fast from the limited Disruptionist impact of the tax reform .
To be honest , even December and January was good , but there were few sectors in which industries like Hindustan Unilever and others saw a decline because of Demonetisation but the trend now is upwards , said Modi , president , federation of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh chambers of commerce and industry ( Ftapcci ) .
Captain Amarindersingh says , NRI money has come in despite Demonetisation through some channels , but , I am more concerned with the ideology of the extreme left and the Khalistanis who are supporting the AAP .
Prior to November 8 , the day prime minister Narendramodi announced scrapping of RS 500 and RS 1,000 banknotes , around RS 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 Atms.Read | 50 days of Demonetisation : ATM queues shorter but ripples to remain in Januarythough cash situation is better , queues can still be seen outside several ATM kiosks , primarily due to withdrawal restrictions RS 4,500 per day and RS 24,000 a week .
It is a fact that perhaps the Demonetisation process , as was pointed out , it may cause a momentary setback or momentary slowdown ( to India 's exports ) , '' commerce secretary Rita Teaotia said .
New Delhi , Nov 14 , 2016 , PTI : 14:02 Istallaying fears of shortage , the finance ministry today said there is enough cash in the system and delivery channels are being augmented across the country to help Cash-Starved citizens .
However , with effect from tomorrow individuals can exchange invalid 500 and 1,000 rupee notes totalling RS 2,000 , as against RS 4,500 earlier , only once till December 30 .
On Demonetisation , Pranabmukherjee said the move may have led to a temporary slowdown in the economy , but would bring more transparency into the system .
Modi said this was necessary to combat corruption , black money and terror funding .
In his television address , Modi had said : honest citizens want this fight against corruption , black money , Benami property , terrorism and counterfeiting to continue .
Q3 growth negates negative speculations about note ban Impactnew Delhi , Feb 28 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 20:46 Istelated at the GDP numbers , finance ministry today said the 7 per cent growth in the third quarter has negated the negative projections and speculations about the impact of Demonetisation on growth .
Indias economic growth of 7 during October-December has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced on November 8 the Demonetisation exercise , which weeded out 86 of the currency notes in circulation .
Speaking about Demonetisation , Modi said it was not an unexpected jolt , as the government had given warnings over a period of one year to hoarders of black money to declare their assets and pay penalties .
The number of ATMs which will be recalibrated and which can dispense RS 2,000 notes will be stepped up .
On the occasion , Union minister M Naidu said that the Demonetisation was also a part of the digital India .
A large number of Micro-Atms will also be deployed across the country to facilitate disbursement of new currency .
With regard to the impact of Demonetisation on Rabi sowing , Das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks .
( source : file ) in a stern warning to black money hoarders , the finance ministry today said those indulging in money laundering activities and converting their ill-gotten money into white will not be spared as law-enforcement agencies are already chasing such trails .
Modi government will tackle black money issue : Amitshah Delhi , may 26 , 2015 , ( Ians ) 11:23 Istthe Narendra Modi-Led central government is determined to tackle the black money issue , BJP president Amitshah said here on Tuesday .
The centre had submitted an affidavit last week on the Demonetisation move in the Supreme Court , saying it is an attempt to unearth black money stashed over the last seven decades .
In an address to the nation on December 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption , black money , terror funding and fake currency .
Despite all odds , the people of the country have accepted this reality with enthusiasm and have shown greater maturity .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Thursday said it will be erroneous to attribute the sharp slowdown in economic growth in the fourth quarter of 2016-17 solely to Demonetisation since several factors , including the global situation , pulled down the GDP growth to 6 .
Expressing serious concern over the fallout of Demonetisation in terms of its impact on the common people , Amarinder said his personal view was that its objective to eliminate black money was good , but implementation was poor .
The prime minister redefined the new normal though his bold initiative of Demonetisation of high currency notes .
His plans were pushed back when Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
Prime Minister Modi while announcing the Demonetisation decision on November 8 had said there will be some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out .
Watch video | Nitishkumar , Sitaram Yechury , Kapil Sibal in an engaging discussion at P Chidambarams book Launchcalling Demonetisation a big blunder , Chidambaram said it is possible that popular silence is being interpreted as popular support .
Sack Gandhi , says Gandhi Delhi , June 16 , 2015 , Dhns 23:29 Istcongress vice-president Gandhi on Monday asked prime minister Narendra Modi to sack external affairs minister Gandhi Swaraj for helping former IPL chief Lalit Modi who is the symbol of black money .
Punjab Congress chief captain Amarinder Singh on Sunday asked prime minister Narendra Modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his Demonetisation move .
Long queues have been seen outsides banks since prime minister Modi announced scrapping of banknotes of RS 500 and RS 1,000 to curb black money .
When you make comments on steps we are taking on black money , please honestly consider your track record , Arunjaitley said attacking the Congress whose vice president had last week alleged in Lok Sabha that the disclosure scheme was fair and lovely to allow conversion of black money into white .
Expressing serious concern over the fallout of Demonetisation in terms of its impact on the common people , Amarinder said his personal view was that its objective to eliminate black money was good , but implementation was poor .
In his address , Pranabmukherjee said that Demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless , it will improve the transparency of the economy .
Bal Thackeray would 've backed Demonetisation : PM to Sena Mpsmumbai , Nov 22 , 2016 ( PTI ) 21:45 Istamid Shiv Sena 's growing criticism of centre 's Demonetisation move , Prime Minister Modi today told the party MPs had former party patriarch Bal Thackeray been alive , he would have supported the move .
The move had branded 86 per cent of the currency in circulation black money and everyone a criminal , he said adding when Modi announced the plan it was expected that adequate arrangements would be made for dispensing new notes .
Responding to a question on the present NDA government bringing back black money , Shashitharoor said what the current government has brought back is the money that the previous government was already in the course of getting back .
Bal Thackeray would 've backed Demonetisation : PM to Sena Mpsmumbai , Nov 22 , 2016 ( PTI ) 21:45 Istamid Shiv Sena 's growing criticism of centre 's Demonetisation move , Prime Minister Narendramodi today told the party MPs had former party patriarch Bal Thackeray been alive , he would have supported the move .
Hitting back at Singh , who had called Demonetisation an organised loot and Legalised plunder , Modi said , he ( Manmohan ) had perfected the art of bathing under a shower with raincoat on and so there was no blot on him despite all the scams that occurred during his tenure .
The contraction in industrial production in December as per the latest data is the fallout of Demonetisation and expansion is expected in the coming months , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Friday .
