Finance secretary Ashok Lavasa had earlier said withdrawal limits will be reviewed after December 30 .
Many ATMs , which reopened four days after Prime Minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of two higher value currency notes , ran out of cash in few hours , leaving people frustrated .
A persons , as per the revised guideline , is allowed to exchange old notes totalling up to 4,500 on a single day .
Atms , which reopened two days after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of two biggest currency notes , had people queued up since early morning .
Watch video : Demonetisation : banks provide new RS 500 Notesthe DEA secretary revealed that the finance ministry has received reports of many trying to convert their black money by sending people in groups to swap currency at Bank counters .
After the government 's decision of withdrawing RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 banknotes to curb black money , corruption and counterfeit currency , Jaitley said that Higher-Denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies .
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a Tweet .
A day after Prime Minister Modi announced ban on RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes to tackle corruption and black money , government had on November 9 said that no toll fee would be collected on national highways till November 11 midnight .
In a bid to promote Aadhaar-Based payment system , especially in rural pockets , UIDAI has favoured incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions , in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents .
With the impact of Demonetisation largely over and the GST unlikely to substantially derail consumer spending , IHS Markit forecast real GDP growth to hit 7.3 per cent for 2017- 18 as a whole , '' Lima said .
After the government 's decision of withdrawing RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 banknotes to curb black money , corruption and counterfeit currency , Jaitley said that Higher-Denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies '' .
It has come to notice of the government that in many places the same people are coming back again and again and we have also received reports that certain unscrupulous elements who are trying to convert black money into white have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another branch to exchange notes and get RS 4500 , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters .
In order to ease cash situation , the government has formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor on regular basis the shortage of the currency .
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth RS 8000 crore collected by Dccbs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) .
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth RS 8000 crore collected by Dccbs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Babu in a televised address to the nation had announced Demonetisation of the old high-value currency value notes .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley today in his talk on note ban to NDTV said that security printing of currency is a time-consuming exercise , however , RBI is calibrating release of currency .
B'Union finance minister Pranabmukherjee on Saturday said that the government has sent notice to 17 persons in connection with stashing black money in foreign banks but it was not possible to reveal their names .
On disclosure of names of black money , Arunjaitley said , we can not make the names of black money holders public at will .
There is a move to set up a new agency for probing anomalies in income tax returns filed by 18 lakh people after Demonetisation , Union minister Radhamohansingh said on Wednesday .
On other measures to boost digital transactions , Mr. Das said the telecom regulator TRAI has decided to reduce the USSD ( unstructured supplementary service data ) charges from the current RS . 1.50 per session to 50 Paise per session for transactions relating to banking and payments .
On augmenting delivery channels , Das said cash availability with the district central cooperative banks ( Dccbs ) and 1.3 lakh post offices has been enhanced which should be able to meet the requirements of rural population .
He said over RS 3 lakh crores have been deposited in various banks thus far and the government is expecting more RS 11 lakh crores by December end .
While announcing its quarterly result , SBI chairperson Arundhatibhattacharya also said that the bank has got deposits worth RS 53,000 crore and has exchanged currency worth RS 1,500 crore after Demonetisation move .
And central government employees , up to type C , can withdraw their salary in advance up to RS 10,000 , Das said .
Earlier in the day , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was noticed that the same people were coming back again and again to exchange notes , causing the long queues and creating hassles for genuine people to get their cash .
Gujarat leads the pack in seizures of fake RS 2,000 notes between November 9 last year , a day after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , and March 7 this year , followed by Delhi and Karnataka .
Each joint secretary has been assigned three or four states to make action plans , Das said .
In a few months , RS 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market , said economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das while addressing the economic editor 's conference here today .
The over-the-counter exchange of RS 500/1,000 in return of new currency will be available `` once per person till December 30 '' '' .
We have also noticed that people are trying to convert black money by sending many people to different branches , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said .
Each joint secretary has been assigned 3-4 States and banks for constant monitoring of currency supply situation and make action plan , Das said .
Taking Cognisance of the hardship faced by small traders , the government has decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to RS 50,000 per week .
On November 8 , Prime Minister Modi in a surprise move announced Demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes and since then , long queues before banks and post offices are seen to deposit or exchange these currencies .
Addressing the media in New Delhi about prime minister 's meeting on Sunday to review , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said Monday that the ATM re-calibration has started and some of the ATMs will start dispensing higher denominations , including 2000 rupee notes , from today or tomorrow .
For over the counter exchange of old RS 500/1000 notes , with effect from Nov 18 , RS 4,500 limit will be reduced to RS 2000 , DEA secretary Shaktikanta Das said .
Various wings of the government , the RBI and banks are working to ensure that the situation eases fast .
Rohatgi said that the centre had filed a reply in the Supreme Court in compliance with the top courts earlier order on the issue .
To make this whole process faster , a task force was decided to be set up under the chairmanship of the RBI deputy governor , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here on Monday .
The RBI has infused more than RS 5 lakh crore of currency notes into the banking system since November 8 .
A total of RS 450 crore had been deposited in the branch since November 8 , the day prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1 .
Many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation exercise on November 8 .
Gandhi said that in parliament he had asked Modi four questions on his promises of bringing back black money and depositing RS 15 lakh in everybody 's bank account , the recent budget proposal of turning black money to white , Rohith Vemula 's suicide , Kanhaiya Kumar and Jnu and finally about the number of youths employed as a result of his 'Make in India ' scheme .
To help small traders meet their business requirements , Das said the government has decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to RS 50,000 per week for small businesses '' .
Earlier on December 9 , the apex court asked the centre whether its decision to bring in Demonetisation was taken in absolute secrecy while hearing a bunch of petitions questioning the Narendra Modi governments rationale behind the implementation of the policy .
Addressing the media in New Delhi about prime ministers last night meeting to review the Demonetisation and its impact , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said the ATM re-calibration has started and some of the ATMs will start dispensing higher denominations , including 2000 rupee notes , from today or tomorrow .
Explaining the reason for holding back the release of RS 1,000 currency notes , Das said maintaining secrecy about the entire exercise was topmost priority , prompting the government to rope in only two to three people for designing the new notes .
Seized notes are also being put into circulation as soon as possible .
The RBI has already pumped in RS 5 lakh crore worth 500 and 2,000 rupee notes and by month end about 50 per cent of the RS 15 lakh crore worth Demonetised currency would be injected into the system , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here '' .
New Delhi , Feb 3 , 2017 ( PTI ) 14:36 Istthe exercise of Remonetisation that began after scrapping of the old RS 500 and 1,000 notes on November 8 is `` nearly complete '' as practically there are no restrictions on withdrawals , said economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das '' .
Together , these 2.5 lakh delivery points , mostly in rural areas , would be able to give bigger quantum of cash to the public , he added .
India vs England live Scorewatch Videoearlier , the government has introduced the use of indelible ink at select metro cities to deter unscrupulous element from sending honest people in groups to convert black money to white .
Replying to Thakur , Rohatgi said that some bank managers are allegedly involved in illegal activities and the government is acting against the culprits .
New Delhi , Nov 17 , 2016 , PTI : 15:43 Istwith the Demonetisation creating hardships in the middle of marriage and sowing seasons , government today allowed Witdrawals up to RS 2.5 lakh for weddings and up to RS 50,000 for farmers but more than halved the limit of exchange of defunct notes to RS 2,000 .
With regard to indelible ink mark , Das said the operational guidelines would be decided by the banks .
To solve this problem we have decided to use indelible ink marks , similar to the one used in elections , at cash counters , Das said .
Das said the Remonetisation process has reached near completion in less than 90 days of announcement of the Demonetisation by the prime minister on November 8 '' .
It should make public how much money has been pumped back into the economy and the amount of money states have received post Demonetisation , Mamatabanerjee said .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi announced the withdrawal of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Prime Minister Narendramodi announced about the Demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 PM on the same day after cabinets approval .
In order to ease cash situation , the government has formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor on regular basis the shortage of the currency .
With opposition parties alleging that top BJP leaders knew about Demonetisation in advance and protected their ill-gotten gains , Prime Minister Modi asked all his party MPs and union ministers to share their bank transaction details from November 8 to December 31 with party chief Amit Shah .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of RS 1,000 and RS 500 on November 8 , 2016 , ATMs across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of RS 2,000 and RS 500 .
Thomas said the PAC has asked Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) to come out with the exact number of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes which were Demonetised and deposited with banks after Prime Minister Modi announced the move on November 8 .
Gandhi said finance minister Arun Jaitley had recently said economic decline had nothing to do with the Demonetisation .
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared , '' economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a Tweet '' .
On the issue of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said the Congress government had not initiated any step against black money .
The emphasis now is to provide cash to rural areas from where reports of inadequate availability of cash are coming in , economic affairs secretary Shaktikant Das told reporters .
What Jaitley is not telling you is that Modi did not even asked him about Demonetisation that is the way government of India is being run .
Citing an example , Rohatgi said petrol pumps deposited mostly RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes in banks when the exemptions were allowed .
The Pmo direction came after it emerged that RS 1,238 crore was deposited in these entities during the November-December period after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation .
These are being replaced with new currency bills of RS 500 and RS 2,000 '' .
Das said it had been decided to constitute technology teams to hasten the pace of recalibrating the ATMs for the new High-Denomination notes .
B'For promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise Rupay card among people , Bihar cm Nitishkumar said .
In a surprise move on November 8 , Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
In an attempt to weed out black money , Prime Minister Modi had announced the decision to scrap old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 last year .
Soon after Prime Minister Modi announced that RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes would be scrapped , prices touched RS 32,500 ( 24 karat ) and RS 31,500 ( 22 karat ) .
It is January 12 , 2017 , 66 days since prime minister Narendramodi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
New Delhi : battling the oppositions criticism on its sudden move to ban the big currency notes to check black or untaxed money , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das on Friday said the people who are indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared .
79 million followers and other Twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against Demonetisation , which prime minister Narendramodi had announced on November 8 last year .
So the RBI has given necessary instructions to connected banks to give necessary cash required by royal monetary authority of Bhutan , '' he said .
Bengaluru : Demonetisation has been the talk of every home , street and By-Lane of the country since prime minister Modi announced the withdrawal of RS 500 and RS 1000 notes on November 8 .
Also , over RS 25,000 crore in cash was deposited in dormant bank accounts , while nearly RS 80,000 crore of repayment of loans was done in cash since November 8 , 2016 when Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation .
2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
In less than 90 days , the whole process of Remonetisation is almost complete .
Prime Minister Narendramodi on November 8 last year had announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikant Das Tuesday announced that banks will be using indelible ink , similar to the one used in elections , to deter unscrupulous people from making multiple visits to cash counters in a day .
While announcing the Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till December 30 .
The misery of artisans like Hakak ended when Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 .
Demonetisation , doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent India that shook the entire nation , was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister Modi had claimed India would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days .
Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the Demonetisation on November 8 , a decision that sucked out 86 of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and ATMs for cash .
Referring to his November 8 announcement cancelling the legal tender status of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Modi said the government had not done it all of a sudden .
Ever since prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , 2016 , there has been talks of a new denomination of currency possibly being introduced .
Meanwhile , the government has set up a special task force headed by deputy governor of RBI to expedite the process of Re-Calibrating the ATMs to make them fully functional , which will work with different banks in this direction .
In Delhi , economic affairs secretary Das also said that the government was keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan accounts as , in many cases , such accounts are being misused for deposit of black money .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on November 8 .
Answering questions as to why the RBI has not yet come out with the amount of scrapped notes deposited with the banks , Jaitley said they were computing and will not hurriedly give the numbers as it concerns their reputation .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced on November 8 last year the governments decision to scrap RS 500 and RS 1000 bank notes , in a move aimed at tackling black money .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 last year under which the old RS 500 and RS 1000 note were rendered illegal tender .
In his November 8 speech announcing the Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-Rupee notes in their bank accounts till March 31 .
In a few months , RS 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market , said economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das while addressing the economic editors conference .
In a surprise move on November 8 , Prime Minister Modi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
It was this deposit made three days after Prime Minister Modi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-Rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities , who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the November 8 Demonetisation announcement .
In the last about five weeks , the lower denomination notes of RS 100 , RS 50 , RS 20 and RS 10 have been supplied three times more than their normal yearly supply .
To enable larger number of people to get benefit of over-the-counter exchange of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , the existing limit of RS 4,500 will be reduced to RS 2,000 with effect from tomorrow , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters .
Data showed black money holders started Couriering cash just two days after Prime Minister Modi announced the invalidation of the higher denominations .
Speaking on `` Indian economy : the new normal '' in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges .
Speaking on Indian economy : the new normal in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Jaitley said for the first time , such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it .
Prime Minister Modi on Tuesday night announced the surprise Demonetisation of higher denomination notes .
Finance Ministry , RBI and enforcement agencies are working in tandem so that situation eases out .
An MP recalled that last year when Urjit Patel faced angry members over Demonetisation , former prime minister Manmohansingh told Patel that he can skip answers to questions he considers uncomfortable .
The Supreme Court on Thursday said that the centre should adhere to its notification allowing withdrawal of RS 24,000 per week from bank accounts after Demonetisation of high-value currency notes .
Rohatgi said there were approximately one lakh branches of various banks and two lakh ATMs besides the post offices across the country to dispense cash to common people and the restriction on withdrawal is there to ensure that the money be paid to maximum number of people .
Among other measures , it has allowed up to RS 2.5 lakh cash withdrawal from bank account of a bride or groom or their parents for a marriage during the ongoing wedding season '' .
Asked about recalibration of ATMs and banks , Meghwal said out of total 2.18 lakh ATMs across the country , around 1.98 lakh have been recalibrated as on January 4 , 2017 .
Giving details of the high-level meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi late last night , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was decided to activate all channels for dispensing cash .
This landmark move is being hailed as the biggest currency conversion in the world both in terms of value and quantity .
Addressing the media in New Delhi about prime ministers last night meeting to review the Demonetisation and its impact , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said the ATM re-calibration has started and some of the ATMs will start dispensing higher denominations , including 2000 rupee notes , from today or tomorrow .
Besides , the religious organisation or temple trust are encouraged to deposit smaller denomination of notes which usually come to them , he said , adding that it will help increase supply of lower denomination currency into the market .
New Delhi : advocating for cashless transactions , the prime minister Modi has said that the large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money .
To combat evils of black money , corruption , counterfeit currency and terror financing , Pranabmukherjee said the government took the decision on November 8 to Demonetise old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes .
Mangaluru : December 8 , 2016 , Dhns 0:09 Ista month after Demonetisation , getting change a problem for Citizensit will be one month on Thursday since prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at ATMs has been increased to RS 2,500 per day by the RBI .
There will be no charge on use of debit Cardsthe move will help in greater penetration of digital transactions into our economy and hope that more and more people will move to digital transactions , said Das .
Its been just over a month since prime minister Modi announced that RS 14 lakh crore worth of RS 500 and RS 1,000 denomination notes will be taken out of circulation , in a surprise move to unearth piles of illicit cash hoarded by the citizens via tax Non-Compliance/Evasion , corruption , criminal activities etc .
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth RS 8000 crore collected by Dccbs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) .
Rohatgi told the court that black money Destabilises economy and the country .
We can 'Clean ' India : Modimumbai , Nov 20 , 2016 , Dhns 1:09 Istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time , Prime Minister Modi said on Saturday night , sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the Mega-Drive against black money and corruption .
Admitting that the Demonetisation drive has caused some short-term pains to the public , Modi said this will bring in benefits in the long-term .
Lucknow : in a message to those criticising note ban , Union home minister Rajnathsingh today said they should show patience for the 50-day period as the decision has been taken keeping national interest in mind and the situation will normalise after that .
Modi said his drive against black money had caused consternation among his enemies and made them come on a common platform .
Collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how Demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups , Rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural 51st post-independence Dgps/Igps Conference-2016 at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel national police academy in Hyderabad on Friday .
Watch Videoaddressing a press conference today , Das announced that families celebrating weddings can withdraw cash up to RS 2.5 lakh per wedding .
In the coming few months , RS 1,000 notes will be brought in with a new design , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 last year had announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Indias economy should get a lift from the launch of the goods and services tax ( GST ) , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Thursday , putting a brave face on a slowdown in growth that followed a government crackdown on black money .
There were 17,165 million pieces of RS 500 notes and 6,858 million pieces of RS 1,000 notes in circulation on November 8 , 2016 , the day prime minister Modi announced Demonetising the two high denomination notes .
If the money is legitimate which had been previously withdrawn from bank or earned legally and saved and had been disclosed , there is nothing to worry about , '' he told DD .
After the government 's decision of withdrawing RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 banknotes to curb black money , corruption and counterfeit currency , Jaitley said that Higher-Denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies '' .
We explained to him about the critical issue going on in the country ( after Demonetisation ) , Mamatabanerjee said after meeting the president .
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth RS 8000 crore collected by Dccbs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) .
The government believes that this decision has been welcomed everywhere .
Lauding prime minister Narendra Modi for his decisiveness , Arunjaitley said unlike the previous prime minister ( Manmohan Singh ) , Modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to Demonetisation , surgical strike against Pakistan and the goods and services tax ( GST ) .
New Delhi : the withdrawal limit of savings bank account of RS 24,000 per week will soon go , and the government is in discussions with the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) to issue Lower-Denomination notes , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said here on Friday .
Stating that none of the objectives mentioned by the centre for note ban have been achieved , Modi said campaign would expose the real motive behind Demonetisation scheme .
New Delhi : advocating cashless transactions , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money .
Those who did not consider the generation of so much black money and scams during their regime as blunder are now finding the crusade against black money as blunder , Arunjaitley said .
It has come to notice of the government that in many places the same people are coming back again and again and we have also received reports that certain unscrupulous elements who are trying to convert black money into white have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another branch to exchange notes and get RS 4500 , '' economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters '' .
A task force has also been set up that will draw a plan of action for shifting of the old notes and storing of the old notes in other place so that banks and post offices continue to get new notes .
Speaking on Indian economy : the new normal in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Jaitley said for the first time , such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it .
On November 8 , Modi announced scrapping of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes as part of the combat against the menace of black money , corruption and terror funding .
In a few months , RS 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said while addressing the economic editor 's conference in New Delhi on Thursday .
96 lakh in Malda district since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 2016 culling 86 of the currency in circulation on November 8 last year .
Economic Affairs secretary Subhashchandragarg said that the government will step up printing of RS 500 notes by five times in order to meet an unusual spurt in demand for cash .
New Delhi : the Reserve Bank was fully prepared to deal with currency shortages post Demonetisation and has enough currency in its chests to last far beyond December 30 , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
All restrictions have been removed except on savings bank account of RS 24,000 per week .
Mangaluru : December 8 , 2016 , Dhns 0:09 Ista month after Demonetisation , getting change a problem for Citizensit will be one month on Thursday since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at ATMs has been increased to RS 2,500 per day by the RBI .
Indian prime minister Modi on November 8 had announced the Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes .
To further bolster the cashless transactions , Arunjaitley said that Sidbi will refinance merchants and businesses based on transaction history .
In his November 8 speech announcing the Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-Rupee notes in their bank accounts till March 31 .
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi told the apex court bench headed by chief justice of India TS Thakur that he had placed the affidavit on record in connection with the Demonetisation issue .
Of these , 21,000 ATMs were functional and the rest are Cdms , SBI chairman Arundhatibhattacharya said .
To solve this problem we have decided to use indelible ink marks , similar to the one used in elections , at cash counters , Das said .
While announcing the Demonetising the RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , Prime Minister Modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit them in banks .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless , had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0 .
To enable larger number of people to get benefit of over-the-counter exchange of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , the existing limit of RS 4,500 will be reduced to RS 2,000 with effect from tomorrow , '' economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters .
Jaitley and his team of officers in the finance ministry had their task cut out , especially after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of 50 days on November 8 , 2016 .
The government and opposition parties were Thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister Arun Jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend Demonetisation while Congress president Rahulgandhi said the note ban cost 1 .
Taking up four Pils filed against the controversial scheme , which has caused massive upheavals across the nation , the apex court asked the union government as to what further steps it is exploring and considering to address the inconveniences caused to people .
Prime Minister Modi tonight announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes with effect from midnight , making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless , had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0 .
Prime Minister Modi announced about the Demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 PM on the same day after cabinets approval .
The bench led by chief justice of India T s Thakur was hearing a bunch of petitions challenging the Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Speaking on `` Indian economy : the new normal '' in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges .
Prime Minister Narendramodi , on November 29 last year , had asked BJP MPs and Mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between November 8 , the day he announced Demonetisation , and December 31 to party chief Amit Shah on January 1 .
Thomas said the PAC has asked Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) to come out with the exact number of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes which were Demonetised and deposited with banks after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the move on November 8 .
Two categories of people have not changed - politicians and media people .
The defunct currency ( file photo ) the defunct currency ( file photo ) the Supreme Court on Friday said that it will on December 2 hear all pleas including the transfer petition filed by the centre on the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1000 currency notes .
Considering the cash availability , ( for ) the business entity having current account for past three months , the limit has been increased to RS 50,000 per week to pay wages and meet sundry expenses , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said .
As part of the operation clean money launched on January 31 , 2017 , Arunjaitley said the I-T department would leverage technology and data analysis for E-Verification of cash deposits made during the Demonetisation period .
Modi said that global universities would come to do research on results of the digital transaction programme .
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi told the apex court bench headed by chief justice of India TS Thakur that he had placed the affidavit on record in connection with the Demonetisation issue .
In a separate reply , when asked how much old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes ( Sbns ) were Deposited/Exchanged upon being De-Legalised , Meghwal said specified bank notes ( Sbns ) worth RS 12.44 lakh crore were returned to currency chests of RBI by December 10 , 2016 .
Atm limit has also been increased to 2,500 rupees , however it will be disbursed only by the re-calibrated Atms.Saying that there is no need for public to panic , Das assured that there is enough cash available in the system and situation will ease in coming days .
Many Jan Dhan accounts are reportedly getting deposits of RS 49,000 , against the limit of RS 50,000 .
It is people 's mandate for the prime minister 's decision of Demonetisation , Sonowal told reporters .
Months before prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country , a low level government Karmachari in Jharkhands Latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction .
A Mysore company , the only recognised producer of indelible ink or voters ink in India , is scrambling to ramp up production on a war footing after the centre Tuesday asked banks to start tagging those exchanging old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes to prevent unscrupulous elements from sending people to exchange money multiple times at different branches .
Sharma said prime minister Modi , during BJP 's poll campaign , had claimed that black money was to the tune of RS 85 lakh crore .
The beneficiaries would be able to get cash through banks , ATMs and even mobile banking when the projects take off .
Notebandi ( Demonetisation ) , prohibition and goods and services tax ( GST ) were very courageous steps , but many times I feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than Demonetisation , deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi said at De-Addiction day celebrations in Patna in the presence of Nitish and prohibition , excise and registration minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav .
Das said the currency notes continued to be airlifted to Non-Metro cities and rural areas .
Depositing the old currency notes in the banks will not provide any relief from taxation , '' said Jaitley '' .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 announced the Demonetisation , effective that midnight , of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes .
The withdrawal limit from ATMs has been increased to RS . 2,500 but this will apply only to the recalibrated ATMs , Mr. Das said .
Trinamool MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy said Wednesday marked the 90th day since Modi announced the Demonetisation decision .
While acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post December 30 , Jaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before November 8 , when Prime Minister Modi announced the so-called Demonetisation .
5 ( PTI ) : underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance , Prime Minister Narendramodi today asked G20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders , unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt .
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places .
The currency notes of lower denomination of RS 100 and RS 50 will continue to be the legal tender , he said , adding the Reserve Bank will come out with new series of such notes with new design and added security features .
After prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 , 2016 , there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent .
The arrangements made by the banks were poor , said Naidu , a tea shop owner from Akkayyapalem , after exchanging RS 500 notes to get a new RS 2,000 note .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley earlier in the day had said that deposits of the now defunct RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax .
A day after Prime Minister Modi announced ban on RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes to tackle corruption and black money , the government had on November 9 said no toll fee would be collected on national highways till November 11 mid-night .
Minister of state for finance Arjun RAM Meghwal told the Rajya Sabha that RS 15.44 lakh crore in high-value notes were in circulation when the prime minister announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 .
Prime Minister Modi announced about the Demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 PM on the same day after cabinet 's approval .
Jaitley told Yadav that the government was ready for discussion on both Demonetisation and terror attacks .
96 lakh in Malda district since prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 2016 culling 86 of the currency in circulation on November 8 last year .
During an emotional address to the people in GOA , Prime Minister Modi said he left his family and home to serve the nation and added that he understands the pain of the people who have been waiting in long queues to exchange their currencies .
On Demonetisation and the GST implementations , Gandhi claimed that people have confusion about these .
This is the Demonetisation period and compared to November , December was more challenging for the reason that in many areas old currency was allowed to operate , Arunjaitley told CNBC Tv18 in an interview .
After prime minister Modi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of RS 1,000 and RS 500 on November 8 , 2016 , ATMs across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of RS 2,000 and RS 500 .
With the existing RBI norms allowing only RS 24,000 withdrawal a week from savings account and RS 1 lakh from current account , it is not possible for the candidates to defray their expenditure given the two weeks they would have for campaigning , from January 21 ( when final list will be announced by EC after scrutiny of nominations ) to February 2 ( the last date for electioneering ) , he wrote in the letter .
The government applied fresh curbs on over the counter exchange of old RS 500 , RS 1000 notes on Thursday , by reducing the limit from RS 4,500 to RS 2,000 .
Prime Minister Modi had announced on November 8 , 2016 that RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes , which constituted about 86 per cent of total currency in circulation , will cease to be legal tender .
When prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation , he had said the new year would see new India .
New Delhi , Nov 15 , 2016 , ( PTI ) : 18:21 Ista small mark of indelible ink , used mostly during elections to prevent multiple voting , will be put on the right hand finger of those exchanging banned 500 and 1,000 rupee notes for new ones from tomorrow to prevent crowding at banks by repeat exchangers .
The Pmos directions came after it emerged that RS 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in November-December 2016 , soon after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of High-Denomination notes .
The centre in its affidavit told the apex court that Demonetisation is a step to reduce ratio of cash transactions , adding the objective is to unearth illegal parallel economy .
Rohatgi told the bench that various petitions have been filed challenging the Demonetisation move before different high courts across the country and these matters should be transferred to the apex court or one of the high courts .
The emphasis will be on providing lower denomination notes .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 .
The government also has plans to introduce RS 100 and RS 50 currency notes with a new design and enhanced security features .
The new notes come loaded with enhanced security features , besides having peculiar colour , theme and size which differentiate the new bills from the earlier series .
Many ATMs have not been dispensing money since four days and the others run out of cash in no time , said Kumarravi who was waiting for money at the ICICI bank , Akkayyapalem .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi in a televised address to the nation had announced Demonetisation of the old high-value currency value notes .
The decision to ban cash transactions beyond a threshold is based on the recommendation of the special investigation team on black money that was set up by the Supreme Court , Arunjaitley said while presenting union budget 2017-18 in parliament .
However , he clarified that the higher cash withdrawal limit of RS 2,500 is only for recalibrated Atms.Additionally , a large number of Micro-Atms will be deployed to help people withdraw cash through debit cards .
Das said , Jan-Dhan account holders should not allow other people to use their accounts to convert their black money into white .
While acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post December 30 , Arunjaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before November 8 , when Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the so-called Demonetisation .
New Delhi : all automatic teller machines ( ATMs ) will be re-calibrated in the next few days to ease the flow of currency notes and to reduce the inconvenience faced by the public , says the economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das .
Modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of Bhim app , a digital payment application , by educating the masses about it and helping them download it .
In a few months , RS 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market , '' said economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das while addressing the economic editor 's conference here today .
For the urban population , Das said recalibration of ATMs has already started and they will start dispensing the new RS 2,000 currency notes from today or tomorrow .
Prime Minister Modi , in a sudden address to the nation on Tuesday , announced that RS 500 and RS 1,000 denomination notes are being withdrawn from midnight and will now become mere paper .
Answering questions as to why the RBI has not yet come out with the amount of scrapped notes deposited with the banks , Jaitley said they were computing and will not hurriedly give the numbers as it concerns their reputation .
The government should Regularise ATMs so that banks are made to store maximum cash in the machines , Jain said .
The Department of financial services is collecting details about money in ATMs . there might be a few operational issues in some locations I get report on a daily basis we are monitoring it so that these kinds of situations do not arise .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 announced the junking of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes and replaced the currency with new RS 2,000 and RS 500 notes .
2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
Demonetisation to push digital economy , says Nilekaninew Delhi , Nov 28 , 2016 , PTI : 22:21 Istdemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country , although there will be some amount of short term pain in the coming weeks , former UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said today .
In respect of private banks , Arunjaitley said : Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) has informed that 11 employees have been placed under suspension where bank employees have been found involved in irregular exchange of transaction of specified bank note ( SBN ) during the phase of Demonetisation .
New Delhi : dispelling rumours that finance minister Arun Jaitley was unaware of Demonetisation , power minister Piyushgoyal today said he knew it and kept it as secret despite being very friendly and open .
