During an election rally in Varanasi on Thursday , Arunjaitley said that banks have been asked to procure more point of sale machines and make it available to traders in order to facilitate digital payments .
In the next 100 days , Lakhs of families are going to receive crores of rupees as gift , but you will be entitled to this gift only if you make use of mobile banking , e-banking , Rupay card , UPI ( unified payment interface ) , USSD ( unstructured supplementary service data ) for digital payments , Modi said .
Antalya ( Turkey ) , Nov 16 , 2015 ( Ians ) 16:19 Istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Monday , the second and final day of the G20 summit here .
Stating that the previous upa regime has left behind a legacy of of policy paralysis , indecisiveness and No-Doing approach , Jaitley said the prime minister had taken a very courageous decision as he wanted to transform India .
Economic Affairs secretary Subhashchandragarg said Demonetisation and GST reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms .
Promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money , Prime Minister Modi told his party MPs Tuesday that the decision to Demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor .
This is indeed a game changer , Chidambaram asserted and said that banks have already floated tenders for 20 lakh Micro-Atms which once become operational will help the government in directly transferring the cash in the beneficiaries accounts .
Mumbai : since the Demonetisation of high currency notes terror funding has come down to zero and there has n't been Stone-Pelting on security forces , defence minister Manoharparrikar said here today .
Terming the decision historic , Jaitley said : What was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the prime minister has created a new Normaltoday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty .
Today , I challenge them to spell out a single step that they had taken during 10-year of their rule against black money , finance minister Arun Jaitley said while replying to the debate .
Agra : in Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh , Prime Minister Modi today said his Demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls , in a veiled attack on BSP chief Mayawati who has been facing such allegations .
When American President Barack Obama fought his first election ( 2008 ) , he had taken only small donations through digital payments , Arunjaitley said .
Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said , will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy , and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the GDP and make it cleaner .
While inaugurating the Pune Metro , Modi , in a veiled attack on the Congress for opposing Demonetisation , said the sins of Benami properties would not have happened and people would not be standing in queues now had necessary decisions been taken in the past .
A day before , on Tuesday , Modi while speaking at Lok Sabha ( the lower house ) said that the Note-Ban was possible because the countrys economy was in good shape .
Agra , Nov 20 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:32 Istprime minister Modi today said political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by Demonetisation , in remarks seen as sharp attack on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee .
Repeating remarks he made in Lok Sabha a day earlier , Modi said Demonetisation should have happened in 1971 when Indira Gandhi was the prime minister .
New Delhi : issuing a veiled warning , finance minister Arunjaitley today said one can not convert black money into white by merely depositing unaccounted cash in bank accounts as taxes are required to be paid on them .
Speaking on Indian economy : the new normal in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Jaitley said for the first time , such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it .
Talking about Demonetisation , Modi claimed that it had not caused any harm to the common man , but it is Congress which felt the pinch .
When Modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments Demonetisation move , Kumar took on the cudgels to make Palnar cashless .
During the interaction , Modi asked both railways and Department of posts to focus on increasing digital transactions across their networks , especially using the Bhim app .
On Tuesday , Arunjaitley was replying to a supplementary question from CPI ( M ) Rajya Sabha MP C P Narayanan on why the banks were starved of the new notes for such a long time , as Arunjaitley had earlier told the house that Demonetisation came after nine months of preparations by the government and the RBI .
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues , it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place , Das said .
Roughly whatever has been taken out by the end of the month , about at least 50 per cent of the notes which were in circulation , which were actually in circulation , at least 50 per cent of the notes would have been supplied in another 10-15 days , Das said .
Watch what else is making Newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the Demonetisation move , Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers .
The misery of artisans like Hakak ended when Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 .
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency , '' Jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals .
In a surprise move , Prime Minister Modi last night announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes with effect from Wednesday to fight the menace of black money , fake currency , corruption and terror financing .
New Delhi : asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future , Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people .
Pti photo by Manvender Vashist expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , Digidhan movement .
On November 8 last year , Prime Minister Modi announced the decision to Demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption .
Obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks , but that can not be an alibi that India continues to live ( with black money and parallel economy ) , Arunjaitley said .
In an interview for a TV news channel , Modi said people voted on Demonetisation during the 2017 assembly election in Uttar Pradesh and on GST in the 2018 assembly election in Gujarat .
Referring to the show of strength by various political parties at the swearing-in ceremony of Karnataka chief minister H D Kumaraswamy , Modi said , the fear of our government 's move to crack down on black money has brought many to a common platform .
Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said that the Demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , 'Digidhan ' movement , PM said that it is a brave act against corruption and black money .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 had announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
Finance Minister Arun Jailtey ( file photo ) finance minister Arun Jailtey ( file photo ) the implementation of the goods and services tax ( GST ) , coupled with a digitised economy ushered in by Demonetisation , will make Indias economy look much cleaner and bigger , said union finance minister Arun Jaitley at the vibrant Gujarat global summit Wednesday .
Even countries which are technologically far more advanced than India with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place , said Pranabmukherjee , while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions .
Earlier , it was so much in cash and cheque .
Now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency , Jaitley said .
Stressing that Rupay was bringing a revolutionary change in digital payments , Modi said the card was also being used abroad and narrated how he used it to buy some items on his visit to Singapore .
Asking people not to fall prey to rumours like shortage of salt and bankers going on strike , Das said the government will ensure adequate availability of cash as well as essential commodities '' .
Citing a book , Modi told BJP MPs that when then finance minister Y B Chavan went to Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and supported the recommendations on Demonetisation , she had asked if the Congress did not have to fight elections .
Jaitley said the Demonetisation , coupled with the implementation of GST , will make India a single market instead of 30 different markets in the States , Facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country .
Forget Demonetisation , I will keep taking tough actions , one after another , to get rid of these termites who resurface at new places every time their holes are plugged , Modi said at a function in Jharkhands backward Sahebganj district .
The government has also constituted a special Taskforce to keep a watch on the infusion of fake currency in vulnerable areas , Mr. Das said , adding that a technology team has also been formed to popularise the use of e-wallets and also to ensure that ATM recalibration progresses apace .
Tax collection data is real and not an estimation , Arunjaitley said , while dismissing apprehensions of slowdown in following currency squeeze post Demonetisation .
In milk city Anand , Modi said , before six years , Supreme Court had asked the then government to form a sit to find out the sources of black money .
In Delhi , economic affairs secretary Das also said that the government was keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan accounts as , in many cases , such accounts are being misused for deposit of black money .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley in his budget speech had announced that the government would come out with a new law to effectively deal with the black money stashed abroad .
A key issue for me ( at the G-20 summit ) would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money , Modi said , a day before he is scheduled to leave New Delhi for a Nine-Day-Long tour to Myanmar , Australia and Fiji , where he is likely to meet over 40 leaders from Asia , Africa , Europe , North America , South America and Pacific region both in multilateral format as well as on the sideline of the conclaves .
Commenting on the data , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said this year growth figures are on a high base of last fiscal and numbers do not show much negative impact of Demonetisation .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley earlier in the day had said that deposits of the now defunct RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax .
Presenting his first full-year budget , Arunjaitley said the first and foremost pillar of his tax proposals is to enacting a new law to effectively deal with the problem of black money which eats into the vitals of our economy and society .
Union minister Nirmalasitharaman said that the Congress is indulging in fear-mongering on Demonetisation .
5 ( PTI ) : underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance , Prime Minister Modi today asked G20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders , unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt .
In the wake of new currency noted of a higher denomination of RS 2,000 being introduced , such a cap on cash transactions would ensure that it does not become easy for hoarders to stack illicit savings in the higher denomination notes .
Explaining why the government decided to go for Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said if people had to buy property , they were asked as to how much money would be paid in cash and how much by cheque , and such immoral practices continued .
Its the law on black money , Modi said in Bhopal .
Replying that the government can not sit in every bank , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years .
It 's just beginning , says PM as BJP MPs endorse his 'Crusade'New Delhi , Nov 22 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 13:09 Istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long , deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man , Prime Minister Modi today said as the BJP parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade .
New Delhi : asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future , Union finance minister Arunjaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people .
The left parties have compromised their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders Jyoti Basu and Harkishan Singh Surjeet had supported the idea of Demonetisation , Modi said .
( photo | Ani ) Agra : prime minister Modi on Sunday said political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by Demonetisation , in remarks seen as a sharp attack on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee .
Quelling fears over security of digital transactions , Babu said that the SBI had left no stone unturned to ensure that the data of the users were not compromised .
With regard to the impact of Demonetisation on Rabi sowing , Das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks .
Coming back to Demonetisation , Modi said that cashless would take India step-by-step , slowly in the direction of a clean economy .
Speaking on Indian economy : the new normal in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges .
Asking the people to prefer digital transactions instead of cash transactions , Modi told the shopkeepers : you already have a board outside your shops that reads : Aaj Nagad , Kal Udhar .
On ways to prevent black money menace in the future , Arunjaitley said the global community is moving towards automatic exchange of information .
All the 125 crore people of the country have equal value and importance , Modi said in his monthly radio programme Mann Ki Baat in which he also pushed for more digital transactions , informed about the launch of South Asia satellite on May 5 and spoke about some other issues .
Jaitley said that cash can be gradually substituted through digital Payments/Transactions .
Prasad said , the higher the linkages with the Aadhaar number , the more we have in terms of seamless digital transactions .
The BJP leaders from across the country said that there is an overwhelming support for the governments bold move to fight black money and corruption , Union minister M.Venkaiahnaidu said .
But our objective is to wipe out black money and end terror financing , Mr. Rohatgi said .
Terming the criticism , that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post Demonetisation , as ill-informed , Arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of Demonetisation .
However , finance minister Arunjaitley said the Pmgky response should not be seen in isolation as it was introduced after the income disclosure scheme ( IDs ) and Demonetisation exercise were carried out in the previous fiscal .
The Pmos directions came after it emerged that RS 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in November-December 2016 , soon after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of High-Denomination notes .
With regard to rural areas , he said the cash holding limit for 1.2 lakh banking correspondents ( BCS ) has been increased to RS 50,000 and banks have been given flexibility to increase this limit on case to case basis .
When asked about Demonetisations effects on the public banking sector , Vijaya bank executive director B s RAM said , it is a temporary phenomenon , which does not affect the demands of the corporate sector .
Further explaining his stand against Demonetisation , the former union minister said , 80 per cent transactions in Germany and Austria is cash-based , in Australia it is 60 per cent , Canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent , and prime minister Modi says India will go 100 per cent cashless .
Minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju said there has been a big impact in attempts to pump in fake Indian currency notes ( Ficn ) into the country and no such incident was reported ever since prime minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation decision .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley has said that the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
Prime Minister Modi had said that after Demonetisation , terrorism will stop but it has not happened .
The number of new jobs due to be created this year will be dependent on how Demonetisation affects sector , for which we have to wait till the financial year end , said Modi , president of Federation of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh Chamber of commerce and industry ( Ftapcci ) , who runs an SME .
However , the prime minister has redefined the old normal in India where black money , corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal , Jaitley said , adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque .
We would like to focus all our resources to bringing back black money to the books , Arunjaitley said .
Stressing that all the political parties opposed to each other were together on the issue of corruption , Modi said both Mayawati and Mulayam Singh Yadav had never been one of any issue but both were angry with him on his note ban decision .
Modi said this was being done to tackle the menace of black money in the country , which has sapped the economy .
With regard to opposition 's criticism over Demonetisation , an issue that led to washout of the last winter session , Modi said from day one , the government has been saying that it is ready for a discussion on it .
Modi said history would not remember which PM enforced Demonetisation but it would certainly recall how the people fought a war on black money .
The left parties have compromised with their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders Jyoti Basu and Harkishan Singh Surjeet had supported the idea of Demonetisation , Modi said .
Nobody , not this government , not you , not the previous government knows exactly how much black money is stashed abroad , Modi said in the second episode of his radio talk , Mann Ki Baat .
Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was too early to assess the impact of Demonetisation .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said eight of the 10 directors of the RBI board were present at the November 8 meeting which made an independent final recommendation with regard to Demonetisation to government .
As far as search and seizure operations against black money hoarders is concerned , PM Modi had confidently said in a public rally : we knew and now they are being caught .
Hitting out at Congress for raising the issue of change of rules 150 times on Demonetisation , Modi said the previous upa government had changed rules regarding Mnrega 1035 times during its implementation over six years .
Pti Photoaddressing party MPs at the Bjps parliamentary party meeting , finance minister Arun Jaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the Demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities .
Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath at Gorakhpurs Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath at Gorakhpursthe Uttar Pradesh government will award contracts through E-Tendering to remove Mafia and criminal elements , chief minister Yogiadityanath said today as he pitched for digital payments to eliminate corruption .
Hyderabad : Union minister M M.Venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in India will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax ( GST ) is Implementedaddressing the Icai international conference 'Jnana Yagna ' here , the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money .
Meghwal said that about 23.2 per cent of the economic activity is shadow economy and government 's push to cashless transactions will widen the tax bracket .
In the same year , nearly a month after Prime Minister Modi announced the decision to scrap old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , it was reported that a record number of 564 Maoists surrendered in the last 28 days .
We would like to urge the other parties to do the same and prove their intentions against corruption , he said .
On the eve of the first anniversary of the November 8 Demonetisation of 500- and 1000-Rupee notes that wiped out 86 per cent of the currency in circulation then , Arunjaitley said the government has met its objective of reducing cash in the economy , ending anonymity of cash , bringing in more individuals in the tax net and dealing a body blow to black money .
Demonetisation , doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent India that shook the entire nation , was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister Narendramodi had claimed India would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days .
Union minister Naidu union minister Naidu Naiduwith the opposition seeking Narendra Modis participation in the debate in parliament over Demonetisation , Union minister Naidu on Tuesday said the prime minister will intervene in the issue as and when required and appealed to rival parties to resume the discussion .
( PTI ) Kullu/Palampur : prime minister Narendramodi has said that Effigy-Burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money , alluding to the Congress 's call for protests on November 8 , the first anniversary of the Demonetisation .
In the next Brihanmumbai municipal corporation elections , nobody will be left with power to bribe voters , Manoharparrikar said , without naming the ally Shiv Sena which has been critical of Demonetisation .
It is people 's mandate for the prime minister 's decision of Demonetisation , Sonowal told reporters .
Taking a cue from Advani , Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal said , a big issue has come up in the country NDA chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have .
On Demonetisation , Modi said there was chaos amongst the corrupt after note ban was announced as they were forced to deposit the ill-gotten money in bank accounts .
Finance Minister T.M . Thomas Isaac told the assembly on Tuesday that the government hoped to overcome the impact of Demonetisation and GST on the States economy in another six months .
Earlier in his address to the nation over radio , Modi said that bringing back black money from outside the country is an article of faith for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so .
More than RS 130 crore in cash and jewellery has been seized and approximately RS 2,000 crore of undisclosed income has been admitted by the taxpayers , it Addedin a major assault on black money and terror funding , Prime Minister Modi on November 8 announced Demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes and asked holders of such currencies to deposit it in bank accounts by December end .
In this context , Arunjaitley said Demonetisation has created a new normal replacing the old order of cash and parallel economy , which has been eliminated .
Justifying Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said it will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy , and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the GDP and make it cleaner .
As the centre is keen to strengthen the digital payment infrastructure and grievance handling mechanisms , Arunjaitley said the focus would be on rural and Semi-Urban areas through post offices , fair price shops and banking correspondents .
Referring to the benefits of Demonetisation , Modi said , the money hidden by many people in their homes under their beds , in Almirahs and sacks has been brought back to banks .
Modi said that the Demonetisation move was a fight against corruption and targeted those who amassed wealth by unfair means .
Modi said before claiming the reason was his fight against black money .
Kanpur : Lucknow : announcing a bonanza to reward cashless transactions , Prime Minister Modi said that all those using e-payments since November 8 , especially the small spenders , will be offered an incentive of RS 1000 .
The new encryption adds another security layer to the hardware at a time when such devices are all set to take the centre stage in biometric-based digital payments .
It was this deposit made three days after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-Rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities , who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the November 8 Demonetisation announcement .
Yet even though the cash crunch has inflicted the most pain on the poor , Modi has said in his campaign speeches it would punish the venal rich .
Pti Photoaddressing party MPs at the Bjps parliamentary party meeting , finance minister Arun Jaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the Demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities .
Watch video | PM Modi Modis scathing attack at Congress in Lok Sabha : heres what he Saiddefending his November 8 decision to Demonetise RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes , Modi said the step was to empower the honest .
Modi said he was aware of the problems being faced by the people Post-Demonetisation .
The Commerce Ministry had entered into a consultative process with all the export promotion councils to understand the level of adaptation to the effects of Demonetisation , Teaotia said .
Modi to stress on black money at G-20 Summitnew Delhi , Nov 11 , 2014 , Dhns : 0:29 Istprime minister Modi on Monday said that he would stress on international cooperation against black money in his interventions at the G-20 summit in Australia .
Commenting on the data , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said this year growth figures are on a high base of last fiscal and numbers `` do not show much negative impact of Demonetisation '' .
Taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions , Modi said that while on one hand they claimed that Rajiv brought about the telecom revolution , on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions .
Regarding Demonetisation , Modi said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in TV bytes and not debates .
When poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment , now they ( middlemen ) have started spreading new rumours , Modi said .
Black money used to be parked in the real estate sector , but with decisions like note ban and Rera , we put a check to it , Modi said .
The thinking and system that remained the rule for 70 long years was changed and the status quo was given up , as the country is set to move away from being a developing nation to emerge as a developed country , he said , adding that confronting the new normal in India was not easy .
Fadnavis said the results are an ample indication that people have accepted prime minister Narendra Modi 's note ban move and the state government 's transparency plank .
In his speech to the joint sitting of both houses , president Ramnathkovind said , the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace .
Das said the focus of the government is to activate all channels of distribution to ensure that cash is dispensed to the public '' .
Responding to questions over the final tally of deposits received during the Demonetisation period , Arunjaitley said it will be announced by RBI after every note is counted .
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places .
Attacking the Samajwadi party ( SP ) and the Bahujan Samaj party ( BSP ) , Modi said these arch-rivals had joined hands on the note ban issue .
On the Demonetisation drive , Arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash , as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media .
The Demonetisation exercise , which has led to a surge of low cost funds into the banking sector , will not only help in expanding the size of the formal economy but also eventually push up tax collections , Arunjaitley said in the Lok Sabha on Thursday .
Rohatgi told the apex court that general rule is that the cash transactions in the market should not be more than four per cent of the GDP but it is 12 per cent in India .
Buoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
Both because it is desirable , ( and ) also to tackle the problem of black money and things like that , chief economic adviser RAM said .
The drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to Indians and will bring them in formal financial system , Naidu said .
Seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions , Modi said for every person you introduce to the Bhim app , you will get a cash back of RS 10 .
Stating that replacement of around 86 per cent of old currency notes was bound to be a gigantic task involving time and difficulties , the finance minister said despite all these , honest people in the country now felt that honesty was finally beneficial .
( source : PTI photo ) around 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Modi said in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy .
In the long term , this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy , Jaitley said .
New Delhi : the prime minister Modi on Tuesday told the parliamentary board meeting of the BJP that the decision on Demonetization is just the beginning of a long battle against black money and corruption .
After the government 's decision of withdrawing RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 banknotes to curb black money , corruption and counterfeit currency , Jaitley said that Higher-Denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies '' .
Last month on this date , Prime Minister Modi announced his battle against black money on national television by Demonetising , in one fell swoop , all RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Speaking at a book launch event here -- a day after the opposition launched a massive attack on the government over the issue -- Modi said there has been little criticism of the Demonetisation decision .
Stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money , farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money , said Arunjaitley in Lok Sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes ( cessation of liabilities ) bill , 2017 .
Prime Minister Modi and the government had earlier claimed that Demonetisation will put an end to black money , fake currency and terrorism .
New Delhi : Union minister Mukhtarabbasnaqvi today said Congress was running away from a discussion on Demonetisation in parliament even when the government wanted a positive debate and was open to suggestions .
Attempts by some political parties and a section of the media to provoke people against the government have proved futile , Jaitley said .
Dr Shoeb S. Katrawala , who runs Katrawala diagnostic centre on Astodia road , says , Mr Modi has said that this is all being done to cut down black money , to cut off funds to terrorists and stop the flow of counterfeit money in the economy .
Mocking the BSP and the Samajwadi party , Prime Minister Modi said both came together against the Demonetisation scheme though they usually oppose each other on most topics .
Giving details of impact of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said the number of income tax return filers has gone up to 6 .
Referring to recent rumours about shortage of salt in the country , Modi said this is being done by those whose black money is being rendered useless .
The minister further said the government 's move will promote more and more digital transactions '' .
We must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side , Andhra Pradesh chief minister Babu , who heads the panel , said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Talking to his crackdown on black money , Modi said three lakh companies had shut their shops after the note ban , that too without any backlash .
( PTI photo ) Demonetisation has narrowed the gap between rich and poor and will help boost GDP growth , minister of state for finance Arjun RAM Meghwal told Lok Sabha Monday .
Antalya ( Turkey ) , Nov 16 , 2015 ( Ians ) 16:19 Istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption , Prime Minister Modi said on Monday , the second and final day of the G20 summit here .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Wednesday said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of ATMs on a daily basis to sort out operational issues .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
In fact PM Modi is setting a new example of propriety in public life , by asking all MPs & Mlas of BJP to submit their bank account details post Demonetization .
Watch what else is making Newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the Demonetisation move , Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers .
Rohatgi said a total of RS 7.5 lakh crore , including RS 5 lakh crore in new currency notes , was available for transaction , and the cash problem should be resolved soon .
Prime Minister Modi had claimed the decision ( note ban ) was targeted at black money hoarders .
Modi said the terrorists derive funding from a variety of criminal activities which include smuggling of narcotics , bank robbery , vehicle thefts , fake currency or from state sponsored activities in failed states .
Reiterating his pitch for a cashless economy , Modi said , we also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions .
Terming the proposed goods and service tax as the biggest tax reform since independence , Modi also said he has warned those with black money to declare it before the given deadline of September 30 , as stern action might be taken after that .
Speaking on hardships faced by the people in wake of Demonetisation , Modi said : many people in this country are uneducated , but we should be proud that they are ready to suffer problems to help the country get rid of corruption .
Modi said the Demonetisation process is a great move but not as big as the surgical strike .
Chief minister Naveenpatnaik has already announced his support for Demonetisation move of the centre .
Stressing that Demonetisation decision will have a positive impact on the economy , Arunjaitley said , this ( the move ) will have positive impact as far as the medium and long terms are concerned .
Calling Demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision , Arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , 2016 , chief minister Nitish Kumar was among the few None-Bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering Anti-Bjp forces .
Modi said the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency was to target those with unaccounted cash .
Banks had at least hoped that a rally in bond markets since Modi announced Demonetisation would boost Treasury gains , given lenders own around half of government debt .
Agra , Nov 20 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:46 Istin Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh , Prime Minister Modi today said his Demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls , in a veiled attack on BSP chief Mayawati who has been facing such allegations .
The prime minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption .
Kobe : prime minister Modi on Saturday said he was aware of the hardship people were facing in India because of the Demonetisation move , but emphasized that it was necessary in the larger interests of the nation .
Prime Minister Narendramodi and the government had earlier claimed that Demonetisation will put an end to black money , fake currency and terrorism .
Watch video : people que up at banks to exchange RS 500 & RS 1000 notes : heres what they Saidon whether the Demonetisation of RS 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money , Jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including GST roll out .
Karnataka milk Federation ( Kmf ) director , who looks into co-operative societies , Dr Babu said the societies started putting money directly to the Farmers/Producers account after Demonetisation move .
After Demonetisation , the poor are enjoying a sound sleep while rich are running from pillar to post to buy sleeping pills , Modi said as he tried to rally public support in Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh , picking up from where he left yesterday in his speeches laced with emotion and aggression in GOA and Belagavi .
Talking about Demonetisation , Modi said some people are still not able to sleep and are very upset because all their black money business is now accounted in banks .
Bhubaneswar : Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said prime minister Narendra Modi has created a new normal for the countrys economy by breaking all stereotypes of the past through his Demonetisation move .
Black money fight against big people , not small traders : Pmghaziabad , Feb 8 , 2017 ( PTI ) 20:13 Istprime minister Narendramodi today said the government 's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big Babus and that small traders need not worry .
Modi and his minions claimed Demonetisation will end black money , finish corruption , terminate terrorism , and bring only digital transactions .
Addressing the Indian diaspora in Japan , Modi said people back home were hailing his decision of rendering RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes invalid but some of them were being prodded to speak against the government because of politics .
Urging youngsters to adopts and download the Bihm app , PM Modi said the money saved on printing of notes , transportation and ATMs among others could be used for the betterment of the poor .
Pti file Photoa day after data showed Indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing , finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said Demonetisation did not see a 2 dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended .
The constitution 122Nd constitutional amendment bill was passed by the parliament on August 8 , marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister Modi said was 'Crucial ' for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making the consumer 'King ' .
Modi said the country had over the past few months witnessed an atmosphere in which people had in large numbers participated in the Digidhan movement for digital payments .
The economy was doing well and thus our decision was taken at the right time , a combative Modi said , peppering his speech with stinging attacks on the Congress for opposing the Demonetisation move .
( representational image ) the drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to Indians and will bring them in formal financial system , Naidu said .
India growing at 7-8 per cent is fairly reasonable in the current global context , finance minister Arunjaitley said today while maintaining that the decline in fourth quarter GDP print can not be attributed to Demonetisation alone .
( file photo ) finance minister Arun Jaitley today said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of ATMs on a daily basis to sort out operational issues .
Annapurna Singh , New Delhi , DH news service may 2 2017 , 14:20 Ista day after data showed India 's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing , finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said Demonetisation did not see a 2 dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended .
In his monthly radio address to the nation 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Modi on the occasion of Christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of RS 1,000 each by a lucky draw .
He said the impact of Demonetisation was temporary and was limited to consumption .
The way Nitish Kumar has acted out of the dotted line of politics and supported surgical strike and Demonetisation , he can similarly play a historic role by adopting a constructive attitude on the Ayodhya issue , said Modi .
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues , it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place , Das said .
Speaking on Indian economy : the new normal in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges .
Addressing a rally ahead of the second phase of voting in Chhattisgarh on November 20 , Modi claimed the people did not have issues with Demonetisation , but only a family .
Countering the submissions , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth RS 8000 crore collected by Dccbs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) .
Modi said after Demonetisation around 50 lakh workers started getting their pay by cheque and around one crore new Provident fund accounts were opened .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitely told the BJP MPs that the Demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy .
Prime Minister Modi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 last year , and said it was aimed at checking fake currency .
Prime Minister Modi told the NDA meet that the credit for Demonetisation will not go to him personally , but to all parties which stood with the govt , Naidu said .
Modi stated that the economy would come out much stronger after the implementation of the decision on Demonetisation .
Defending the Demonetisation drive , Arunjaitley said , even when there was global stress , we still manage to have respectable growth rates and we had the courage because of leadership of the prime minister .
Modi said he is happy that note ban has exposed the 'Kala Dhan ' ( black money ) as well as 'Kale Mann ' ( Ill-Intentions ) of many .
Asserting that the budget reflects commitment to eliminate corruption and black money , Modi said it provides for a comprehensive package of digital economy which will reduce tax evasion and help control black money .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency , Arunjaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals .
Notes hoarded by Anti-Nationals will be worthless notes hoarded by Anti-Nationals will be Worthlessmaking one of his boldest moves since assuming power , Prime Minister Narendra Modi Tuesday announced that RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes will be withdrawn from circulation at midnight , saying this decision was taken to break the grip of corruption and black money .
Bjp 's victory in Bypolls is a clear indication that people are fully supporting the decision to Demonetise RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes .
In Kanpur , Modi said Demonetisation is a step to promote digital transactions to check black money .
Modi said his government believes that efforts should be made to bring back black money and the government was doing that .
Our overall emphasis has been on faster decisions , bolder decisions , a cleaner economy , freedom from black money , freedom from corruption and a friendly environment for doing business so that the larger returns that come to the economy in terms of taxes can be spent on the poor of this country , Arunjaitley said , adding that it is the prime ministers approach which has been followed in the recently presented budget .
On black moneys link to terrorism , Modi said that enemies from across the border were running their operations using fake currency notes .
Modi said the note ban had disturbed the sleep of Congress leaders and their anger had not cooled .
These must be challenging times for the Congress wont to using black money during elections , Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal told et magazine .
Bhubaneswar : Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said prime minister Narendra Modi has created a 'New normal ' for the country 's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his Demonetisation move '' .
In his speech at a function in Pune , Modi said , enemies took advantage of the 14 lakh crore of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes in circulation .
Fm cites higher tax mop up to dismiss economic slowdown Fearsnew Delhi , Jan 9 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 13:42 Istdismissing concerns of slowdown due to Demonetisation , finance minister Arunjaitley today said both direct and indirect tax collections have shown robust increase during the April-December period , indicating uptick in economic activity including manufacturing .
Tough rules against black money have sent shivers down the spines of many who have come on one platform , Modi said in an oblique reference to the opposition parties who are grouping against the NDA .
The black money problem , Arunjaitley said , is a problem confined to few individuals .
Committed to attack graft : PM after BJP show in civic Pollsgonda ( up ) , Feb 24 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 15:50 Istbuoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi today said he was committed to root out corruption .
Earlier in the day , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was noticed that the same people were coming back again and again to exchange notes , causing the long queues and creating hassles for genuine people to get their cash .
Pushing for digital economy , Modi asked the youngsters at the rally to download the Bhim app and contribute to a cashless economy .
We find that many people are not able to reach the counter and same persons are visiting the counter multiple times and other people are not getting the benefits , '' Das said .
Mr. Das said the bold and decisive step to fight black money and the use of fake currency notes to finance terrorism was backed by analysis of Indias currency trends .
Special : experience the first 50 days after Demonetisation through 50 exclusive stories from Tnieterming the criticism , that almost the entire cash got deposited in the banks post Demonetisation , as ill-informed , Arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of Demonetisation .
Guwahati : prime minister Modi today said the Demonetisation drive was a tough decision to take in view of the opposition parties ' constant efforts to turn people against it .
Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the scrapping of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , 2016 , with an aim to weed out black money , counterfeit currency and terror funding .
In his speech to the joint sitting of both houses , president RAM said , the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace .
Hospitals should get cashless transaction system , says Parrikarmangaluru , DEC 26 , 2016 , Dhns : 23:36 Istdefence minister Manoharparrikar said that a cashless system should be introduced in all government and private hospitals across the country .
In his speech on the November 8 , Modi had said : to break the grip of corruption and black money , we have decided that the RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes presently in use will no longer be legal tender from midnight tonight , that is 8th November 2016 .
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax , excise tax and realisation of VAT by states , with the exception of two states , have gone up post Demonetisation .
New Delhi : vowing to carry forward the war against corruption and black money Post-Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi today said the government will soon Operationalise a strong law to effectively deal with 'Benami ' properties and this was just the beginning .
At a separate briefing Thursday , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said that 50 per cent worth of the withdrawn currency would be in circulation by the end of the month .
Taking a cue from Advani , Punjab chief minister park said , a big issue has come up in the country NDA chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
Prime Minister Narendramodi ( source : PTI photo/file ) prime minister Narendramodi ( source : PTI photo/file ) as part of his push for digital payments , Prime Minister Narendramodi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments Bharat interface for money ( Bhim ) app for transactions .
When prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation , he had said the new year would see new India .
While appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which Demonetisation has shaped , PM Modi in his speech said the following : the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop , central bank .
On criticism that Demonetisation was a shock to the system , Modi said it was first necessary to consider whether the measure was needed .
Das said the RBI has a particular plan of action with regard to currency supply .
The impact of the Demonetisation and the GST is well behind us , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Thursday after the numbers were announced .
( PTI ) Kullu/Palampur : prime minister Modi has said that Effigy-Burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money , alluding to the Congress 's call for protests on November 8 , the first anniversary of the Demonetisation .
Spelling out advantages of Demonetisation , Meghwal said that it will help lower interest rate .
The common men suffered for 70 years on account of black money , corruption and terrorism , Modi said .
People are happy about the fact that even Modi 's RS 1,000 notes are not usable anymore , Modi said .
The prime minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption , he said .
Terming the decision historic , Jaitley said : What was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the prime minister has created a new Normaltoday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty .
Which is great for cashless economy , the PM said today in Nagpur , even as he mimicked Millennial users often portrayed with their heads downward flicking their fingers over their smartphones .
Demonetisation was a bold and decisive strike in a series of measures to arrive at a bigger , cleaner and real GDP , Arunjaitley told PTI at Karnali village , around 72 km from here .
And at a BJP parliamentary party meeting , Modi said his government had given prominence to Janshakti ( peoples power ) over Rajshakti ( state power ) through the Demonetisation decision .
Thanking the 125 crore citizens ( who have ) proved that for them truth and honesty is important despite inconveniences post Demonetisation , Modi said corruption , black money and counterfeit currency had crippled the common man .
Besides , a task force has been constituted to monitor circulation of fake currency notes in vulnerable areas and to keep a watch on black money being deposited in the system '' .
New Delhi , Aug 15 , 2015 , ( PTI ) : 10:31 Istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said RS 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'Side effects ' .
Kumar had unambiguously praised Demonetisation hours after Prime Minister Modi announced the move on November 8 evening , even though the two other ruling allies in Bihar Rjd and Congress had been critical of it .
Meghwal said that after the Demonetisation move , the digital transactions at petrol pumps have shown a remarkable increase .
In an address to the nation on December 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption , black money , terror funding and fake currency .
Prime Minister Modi announced the scrapping of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , 2016 , with an aim to weed out black money , counterfeit currency and terror funding .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced on November 8 last year the governments decision to scrap RS 500 and RS 1000 bank notes , in a move aimed at tackling black money .
Billing it as a major step to check corruption and tax evasion , Arunjaitley in his budget speech said that the government has accepted a suggestion by the special investigation team on black money in this regard .
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a Tweet .
700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation : Pmnew Delhi , Feb 8 , 2017 ( PTI ) 21:29 Istaround 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Narendramodi said in Rajya Sabha today , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
Jaitley said the Demonetisation , coupled with the implementation of GST , will make India a single market instead of 30 different markets in the States , Facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country .
Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said that one of the main reasons for the long queues outside banks was that people were lining up several times to exchange notes , frustrating the efforts of others who have n't been able to change their notes even once since the shock announcement .
New Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said small traders and businesses will get a tax advantage of more than 30 per cent for digital transactions .
I say what they are observing is a 'Black money support day ' , Naidu said .
In the same year , nearly a month after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the decision to scrap old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , it was reported that a record number of 564 Maoists surrendered in the last 28 days .
Govt doing everything on black money Issuenew Delhi , Feb 23 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:47 Istthe government is determined to take all possible steps to stop generation of black money , both domestically and globally , president Pranabmukherjee told a joint sitting of parliament on Monday .
By Iansshahdol : stepping up his attack on the Congress and the Gandhi family , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said the Gandhis are crying even two years after Demonetisation as they have lost ill-gotten money .
New Delhi : Union urban development minister Naidu on Thursday said that by creating a ruckus in parliament , the Congress was trying to wriggle out of the discussion over Demonetisation .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , 'Digidhan ' movement .
However , there will not be any problem with regard to ATMs functioning , RAM told reporters .
This will make digital payments easy even for those who can not read or write , thus realizing Ambedkar 's vision of social and financial empowerment for all , said Modi .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
It is looking for banks far and wide , Modi said in an apparent swipe at Thw BSP , which has come under scanner for alleged huge bank deposits post Demonetisation .
Watch video | find out what PM Narendra Modi told cabinet over Demonetisation Decisionannouncing these measures , finance minister Arunjaitley said there has been a movement towards digital transactions from cash transactions since the government announced its decision to cancel the old notes .
Describing Demonetisation as a very important decision , Modi said it worked wonders despite attempts by some quarters to derail the move .
Pti Photoasserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future , Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people .
Speaking at the first meeting of the BJP parliamentary party in the winter session , Modi said the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money , fake currency and corruption and his government is working to rid the country of these evils and make the economy stronger .
Prime Minister Modi had announced on November 8 last year the governments decision to scrap RS 500 and RS 1000 bank notes , in a move aimed at tackling black money .
It 's just beginning , says PM as BJP MPs endorse his 'Crusade'New Delhi , Nov 22 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 13:09 Istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long , deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said as the BJP parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade .
Alluding to Rajiv Gandhi 's remark , Modi said Demonetisation brought back the 85 Paise which were disappearing due to corruption .
Das said the Remonetisation process has reached near completion in less than 90 days of announcement of the Demonetisation by the prime minister on November 8 .
Apart from continuing incursions from across the border , there was sufficient ground to believe that black money remained a serious concern despite a 86 old currency getting frozen overnight following the Demonetisation , said Amarindersingh , citing reports of frequent seizures of large sums of unaccounted for , new currency .
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday asked bankers to help realise prime minister Narendra Modis appeal for a cashless economy .
The Indian economy was in good health when the government decided to scrap RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Modi said .
Speaking to express , park said , there is a myth , just like the myth post Demonetisation that prices would fall , that there is no demand for real estate .
To questions regarding change of rules 150 times after Demonetisation announcement , Modi said it was done to find ways to ease problems of people .
New Delhi : as the central governments financial agencies are going behind the people using rogue bank accounts to park their black money ; prime minister Modi on Sunday said that action would be taken against those guilty under Benami law .
The centres Demonetisation drive did not have any impact on Rabi sowing and prices of crops like paddy , SOYABEAN and maize , Niti Aayog member RAM has said .
Prime Minister Modi had announced Demonetisation of the RS 500/1000 notes on the night of November 8 .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi announced the withdrawal of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes to flush out High-Denomination fake currency , mostly printed in Pakistan .
Addressing a rally at Bandra Kurla complex here , Modi said while his government has launched the war from day one of assuming power , on November 8 at 8 PM it stuck a fatal blow to corruption and black money hoarders in the form of Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes .
Modi in his independence day speech had said that the government 's efforts to deal with the menace of black money were working and people have declared undisclosed income of about RS 6,500 crore .
Modi said the return of black money into the banking system had brought along with it a treasure trove of data that would help his government punish wrongdoers .
Last month , Prime Minister Modi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings , post Demonetisation .
In last week of December , during the Demonetisation period , Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , 2016 , chief minister Nitish Kumar was among the few None-Bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering Anti-Bjp forces .
Replying to a debate on demand for grants ( general budget ) , which the House passed by voice vote , Meghwal said the opposition has been questioning Demonetisation but the verdict in up and other states had proved people stood with PM Narendra Modi .
New Delhi : new measures to ease the impact of Demonetisation continued to trickle in on Wednesday even as prime minister Modi claimed that over 93 per cent of people who took his smartphone -based survey supported the move in his fight against black money .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
The decision would bring more transactions under tax net and both direct and indirect taxes would move up .
On the second day of the summit here , Modi said : fighting corruption , black money and tax evasion were central to effective financial governance .
Defending Demonetisation , Modi said the governments fight against corruption is not political .
Anta Poril Kola Dhonor Bepar ( the business of black money has come to end ) , Deshdrohir Uporot Poril Madho Mar ( traitors of the country have got beaten up ) , Anuprabeshkari Sokole Polabo Simapa ( infiltrators will have to flee across the border ) , Modi said as thousands cheered .
In its efforts to fight the black money menace as well as curb corruption , Prime Minister Modi on November 8 last year announced cancelling old RS 500 and 1,000 notes .
Sonowal said cashless payments have the potential to root out corruption from the system and urged the citizens to adopt cashless transactions as a way of life .
Ghazipur ( up ) : pummelling the Congress and other parties which are opposing Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi today said the corrupt were upset while the poor were enjoying a sound sleep after his decision and urged people to bear some inconvenience to root out graft .
Prime Minister Modi ( source : PTI photo/file ) prime minister Modi ( source : PTI photo/file ) as part of his push for digital payments , Prime Minister Modi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments Bharat interface for money ( Bhim ) app for transactions .
Last month , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings , post Demonetisation .
Pti Photoaddressing party MPs at the Bjps parliamentary party meeting , finance minister Arun Jaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the Demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities .
Watch what else is making Newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the Demonetisation move , Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
Referring to the November 8 Demonetisation of `500 and `1,000 notes , Modi said he knew that people with ill-gotten wealth will become his enemies but the people are with him .
( representational image ) on November 8 , Prime Minister Narendramodi announced his ambitious Demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption , black money and fake currency .
Let us accept the challenge , plan accordingly and make a cashless economy possible , Mr. Fadnavis said while addressing an Urgently-Convened meeting of the state level bankers committee ( Slbc ) in Mumbai .
In the long term , this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy , Jaitley said .
Last week , SBI chairperson Arundhatibhattacharya said that the merger of associate banks with SBI itself is on track and remains unaffected by the Demonetisation move .
Bharataiya Janata Party president Amitshah said on Friday that the Demonetisation has not affected the common people and only some politicians .
During an emotional address to the people in GOA , Prime Minister Modi yesterday said that he left his family and home to serve the nation , adding he understands the pain of the people who have been waiting in long queues to exchange their currencies .
According to the police , on November 8 when Prime Minister Modi announced the ban on RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Neel sunder had prepared fake bills worth RS 28 crore which was accumulated from his other associates in the guise of converting black money for 30 percent commission .
In his rally at Moradabad today , Modi said he was being targeted for cracking down on those with black money .
Terming the decision historic , Jaitley said : What was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the prime minister has created a new Normaltoday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty .
Speaking at the meeting , Modi said Demonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long , deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man .
Justifying the 2016 Demonetisation , Modi said it unearthed huge black money .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley today said the purpose of Demonetisation is served as it had led to larger and cleaner GDP .
On Demonetisation , Modi said his decision to ban notes has shaken Congress to the core after the black money that they had hoarded turned valueless and was taken away in one stroke .
Br Ambedkars grandson and former MP Prakash Ambedkar alleged that a major chunk of black money was deposited in the banks before November 8 , the day Modi announced Demonetisation .
On November 8 , Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of currency notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Launching a stinging attack on the opposition party over corruption at an election rally in Sundernagar , Modi said the Congress campaign against Demonetisation was driven by its attempts to mislead the people and create an atmosphere against him before he can raise a storm over Benami assets .
Buoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption .
B'Cash crunch : finance minister Arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain States is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation .
Chief minister Akhileshyadav had announced financial assistance of RS 2 lakh for kin of economically backward families who die while waiting in queues at ATMs or banks .
Modi also said he used the bitter medicine of Demonetisation to bring back money into banking system and to give proper treatment to deep-rooted corruption system in the country .
With opposition parties questioning the government over benefits of the Demonetisation process , Arunjaitley said that tax authorities are conducting big data mining to zero in on those with income disproportionate to cash they deposited during the 50-day process .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitely told the BJP MPs that the Demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy .
Demonetisation will help us achieve an honest economy and help improve the lots of the poor , said Modi .
This law will enable confiscation of Benami property and provide for prosecution , thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of Benami property , especially in real estate , Arunjaitley said .
Govt wo n't go soft on pursuit of black money : Jaitleynew Delhi , SEP 9 , 2015 , PTI : 12:51 Istrefusing to relent on the pursuit of black money , finance minister Arunjaitley today said the government will not go soft on bringing unaccounted wealth back into the formal system .
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax , excise tax and realisation of VAT by states , with the exception of two states , have gone up post Demonetisation .
Pm Modi announced Demonetisation in his address to the nation on November 8 claiming that the aim of the exercise was to hit at the heart of black money problem in the country .
Das said the government is keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan account as in many cases such account are being misused for parking black money '' .
December 25 , 2016In this year 's last radio address to the nation 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Modi on the occasion of Christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of RS 1,000 each by a lucky draw .
( source : PTI photo ) stating that Demonetisation has had no impact on GDP , Prime Minister Narendramodi citing testimonials by Apple chief Tim Cook , Microsoft founder Bill Gates , World Bank chief Kristalina Georgieva , Nobel laureate for economics Muhammad Yunus and others , on Tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect .
He said more than RS 5 lakh crore of new currency have been circulated since November 8 .
On November 8 , Prime Minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation of RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 notes , thereby withdrawing 86 per cent or RS . 14 lakh crore worth currency from circulation .
However , the prime minister has redefined the old normal in India where black money , corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal , Jaitley said , adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque .
Speaking on Mondays protests against Demonetisation , RAM said they were not opposed to taking action against hoarders or eliminating fake currency .
There was some slowdown visible given the global situation even prior to Demonetisation in the last year , Arunjaitley said .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy .
On November 8 , Prime Minister Modi announced the government 's decision to withdraw legal tender status of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , a move aimed at eliminating black money and curbing terror financing .
If there is state funding of elections the use of black money will stop , Mamatabanerjee said in her first address to the assembly after taking charge of the state for a second term .
Responding to criticism of government on Demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy , Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal .
Defending the centres decision , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said the Demonetisation move had empowered the common man in the fight against black money , while taking a swing at the opposition and critics saying they were flustered as they were caught off guard .
The centre in its affidavit told the apex court that Demonetisation is a step to reduce ratio of cash transactions , adding the objective is to unearth illegal parallel economy .
Modi , who was speaking at the centenary celebrations of the Karnataka Lingayat education society here , said his government did not want to trouble the honest , but would not spare the dishonest as he defended the fight against black money and promised more steps to tackle the menace .
Addressing a rally here , Modi said , my justice is a little 'Karak ' ( strong ) - referring to the Demonetisation move to uproot corruption .
Black money fight against big people , not small traders : Pmghaziabad , Feb 8 , 2017 ( PTI ) 20:13 Istprime minister Modi today said the government 's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big Babus and that small traders need not worry .
Referring to Demonetisation , he said it has not impacted the economy as apprehended by experts and added that even during the stress period ( of November and December ) , the size of the formal economy was increasing .
The government has taken significant steps to check corruption and menace of black money in a short span of time , Modi said at the inauguration of sixth global focal point conference ( Gfpc ) on asset recovery here at Vigyan Bhavan .
Defending government 's decision to Demonetise RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Arunjaitley said cash is the biggest facilitator of crime even though he agreed that there will be crime even if there is less cash .
Modi said there was no going back on his fight against corruption and hoarders of black money and alleged that those hit by his actions , including the Demonetisation move , are conspiring to hit back at him .
700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation : Pmnew Delhi , Feb 8 , 2017 ( PTI ) 21:29 Istaround 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Modi said in Rajya Sabha today , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
Naidu said the biggest achievement of Demonetisation was that money which was hiding in bed , bathrooms and iron safes had come back to banks .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
Read Morenew Delhi : the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace , president RAM said in his address to parliament on Thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective .
Read Morenew Delhi : the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace , president Ramnathkovind said in his address to parliament on Thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective .
Modi said that while making the announcement to ban RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , he was aware that people will face inconvenience but I had requested the people of India to bear this short-term Painfor long-term gain .
In his budget speech on Wednesday , Arunjaitley said the move was based on a proposal made by a special investigation team ( sit ) on black money .
Stating the move was essential in the fight against black money , Modi said the public could deposit their old notes at banks or post office accounts till December 30 .
Taking the nation by surprise , Prime Minister Modi on the night of November 8 announced Demonetisation of high-value notes with effect from midnight , in what he said was a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Responding to criticism of government on Demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy , Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal .
In a Facebook post on the second anniversary of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said in first four years of the National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government , the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6 .
The BJP leaders from across the country said that there is an overwhelming support for the governments bold move to fight black money and corruption , Union minister Naidu said .
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax , excise tax and realisation of VAT by states , with the exception of two states , have gone up post Demonetisation .
Responding to criticism of the number of notifications during implementation of the Demonetisation exercise TMCs Saugata Roy pointed out that rules were changed 150 times Modi said the upa government had changed rules of Mgnrega scheme 1,035 times in six years .
( source : Ani_News/Twitter ) former finance minister P RAM on Wednesday said the GDP of India would take a hit of at least one per cent if not two owing to the Demonetisation move by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks , but that can not be an alibi that India continues to live ( with black money and parallel economy ) , Jaitley said .
Lauding Modis move against black money , chief minister Parkashsinghbadal said that the drive would eradicate black money from India .
These must be challenging times for the Congress wont to using black money during elections , '' Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal told et magazine .
When asked if the government has any plans to push digital payments for funding of political parties , Arunjaitley said : can I tell you this would inevitably will be a future course .
The poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money , counterfeit currency and corruption , said Modi .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
He pointed out that the issue of his alleged foreign assets was first raised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he ( the Ppcc president ) was pitched against BJP 's Arun Jaitley in Amritsar during the 2014 Lok Sabha elections .
We can 'Clean ' India : Modimumbai , Nov 20 , 2016 , Dhns 1:09 Istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Saturday night , sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the Mega-Drive against black money and corruption .
Digital payments are the future of financial transactions , Jaitley said at the Punjab National Bank app launching ceremony held here .
Bhubaneswar : Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said prime minister Narendra Modi has created a 'New normal ' for the country 's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his Demonetisation move .
Replying to a debate in the Rajya Sabha on the Benami transactions ( prohibition ) amendment Bill 2016 , which was later passed by voice vote ( the Lok Sabha had passed it last week ) , Arunjaitley said a law alone could not solve the problem of black money but efforts would have to be made to create fear of law .
Collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how Demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups , '' Rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural of the 51st post-independence Dgps/Igps Conference-2016 at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel national police academy in Hyderabad on Friday .
Replying that the government can not sit in every bank , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years .
Committed to attack graft : PM after BJP show in civic Pollsgonda ( up ) , Feb 24 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 15:50 Istbuoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption .
New Delhi , DEC 2 , 2016 , ( PTI ) : 12:39 Istin a stern warning to black money hoarders , the finance ministry today said those indulging in money laundering activities and converting their ill-gotten money into white will not be spared as law-enforcement agencies are already chasing such trails '' .
Speaking after releasing two books on constitution in New Delhi , Prime Minister Modi said those who are criticizing the Demonetisation move do n't have problem with the government 's preparedness , but they are having problems because they did n't get time to prepare for turning their black money into white .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Arunjaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
The Demonetisation pulled them out and now the money is being used for your development , Modi said , pointing towards the crowd .
Replying that the government can not sit in every bank , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years .
As a result , what is happening is that the benefit of withdrawal of cash is getting restricted to a smaller number of Peopleto prevent such kind of misuse , the branches of banks will take recourse to the use of indelible ink marks for disbursement of cash .
Replying to a query about opposition parties attacking the government over the issue , he said , Prime Minister Modi while announcing the decision to invalidate RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 had said there will some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out .
In response , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said that there is no shortage of funds as RS 100 notes are in circulation and the ATMs needed to be re-calibrated to issue new currency notes of RS 500 and RS 2,000 .
In the backdrop of the industry 's demand to reduce the proposed GST rates of 5 per cent , 12 per cent , 18 per cent and 28 per cent after Demonetisation , Cbec chairman Najib Shah said the centre and the States collected RS 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes , minus customs duty , and the same level of revenue had to be collected in the GST regime .
Earlier , Modi also said his governments war against corruption and black money was not a political fight and said it was meant to empower honest people .
Addressing his first public rally in Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh post the Demonetisation drive , Modi said : I want to assure you that your inconveniences will not go in vain .
Talking to reporters later , Manoharparrikar said those who sponsor terror will be affected by the Demonetisation .
New Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said that axis bank management has assured the government that it is taking action against the erring officials who are suspected to be involved in irregularities post Demonetisation .
Around 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Modi said in Rajya Sabha today , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
Extending his support to the Chamber of industrial and commercial undertakings ( Cicu ) , Ludhiana , Amarindersingh said the impact of Demonetisation on the States industries , already in the doldrums because of the Badal governments antagonistic policies , had been devastating .
Modi said the Demonetisation -- -- which has made the BJP unpopular , particularly in the rural areas -- - had led to the closure of many shell companies that were tools of the Congresss corruption .
Speaking to select media on the completion of two-and-a-half years rule of Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS ) government on Friday , RAM said the government would try to overcome the Demonetisation problems and speed up the government activities in the second half of the rule .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley told Rajya Sabha on Tuesday that the Remonetisation process moved smoothly after Demonetisation was announced and that there was no shortage of currency supply , even for a single day .
New Delhi : even while the opposition stayed adamant in attacking the manner of rollout of Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi told an all party meeting on Tuesday evening that the decision on scrapping old high denomination notes is a crusade against corruption and black money .
Promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money , Prime Minister Narendramodi told his party MPs Tuesday that the decision to Demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor .
( PTI ) presenting an early budget will have certain advantages and the move is part of prime minister Modi Modi 's economic reforms after Demonetisation , BJP leader Modi said today .
Responding to Noteban critics , Arunjaitley said Demonetisation has strengthen the economy and increased the government resources to fund poverty alleviation and infrastructure development programmes .
Around 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Narendramodi said in Rajya Sabha today , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax , excise tax and realisation of VAT by states , with the exception of two states , have gone up post Demonetisation .
Speaking after releasing two books on constitution in New Delhi , Prime Minister Modi said those who are criticizing the Demonetisation move dont have problem with the governments preparedness , but they are having problems because they didnt get time to prepare for turning their black money into white .
Modi said opposition played all types of games in the last three months raking up issues like Demonetisation and surgical strike .
Months of meetings before note ban : Jaitleyfeb 8 , 2017 , New Delhi , Dhns 1:31 Istdemonetisation was not an easy decision for the government and it took several months and a number of closed-door meetings to decide on the note ban , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Tuesday .
Prime Minister Modi on Tuesday announced Demonetization of RS 500 and 1000 currency notes with effect from midnight , making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
In his speech announcing Demonetisation in November 2016 , Modi had said that banning certain currency notes would curb black money and circulation of fake notes by terrorist outfits .
It clearly indicates that our target to integrate black money economy with the formal economy is happening , Arunjaitley said .
On the criticism that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of Demonetisation .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley told the BJP MPs that the Demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy .
The number of persons under the tax net has increased by 91 lakh as unaccounted cash lost anonymity post note ban , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said on Wednesday the philosophy behind his budget is to spend more on identified success stories and carrying on with the governments campaign against black money , hours after unveiling measures to assure the country that the impact of Demonetisation would wear off soon .
Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said that the Demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years .
Agra , Nov 20 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:46 Istin Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said his Demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls , in a veiled attack on BSP chief Mayawati who has been facing such allegations .
In an attempt to weed out black money , Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the decision to scrap old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 last year .
I am getting your invaluable support for the second cleanliness drive , Modi said referring to the Demonetisation decision of his government aimed at tackling black money , corruption and terror funding as he addressed the global citizen festival here .
Mayawati and Mulayam Singh who were opposed to each other , came together on one issue when I waged a war on black money as they found that the ground was slipping under their feet , Modi said .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the withdrawal of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes to flush out High-Denomination fake currency , mostly printed in Pakistan .
Watch video : people que up at banks to exchange RS 500 & RS 1000 notes : heres what they Saidon whether the Demonetisation of RS 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money , Jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including GST roll out .
The government has also formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor the supply of currency .
( source : PTI photo ) around 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Narendramodi said in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
He emphasised that despite the difficulties being faced after Note-Ban , people were welcoming the move as they realised that the prime minister has displayed the required courage while taking a tough decision , aimed at curbing black money and getting it implemented .
By providing POS machines to traders , we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash , Fadnavis said .
Only those holding huge stashes of untaxed black money need worry , Modi said .
This will make digital payments easy even for those who can not read or write , thus realising Ambedkars vision of social and financial empowerment for all , Modi said .
Notebandi ( Demonetisation ) , prohibition and goods and services tax ( GST ) were very courageous steps , but many times I feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than Demonetisation , deputy chief minister Modi said at De-Addiction day celebrations in Patna in the presence of Nitish and prohibition , excise and registration minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav .
The decision on Demonetisation is a movement to clean India , Modi told lawmakers .
Watch what else is making news : in an apparent reference to criticism of Demonetisation by opposition parties , Arunjaitley also said there would have been complaints even before cash or currency was invented and even if it gets eliminated tomorrow .
( representational image ) on November 8 , Prime Minister Modi announced his ambitious Demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption , black money and fake currency .
On November 8 last year , Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the decision to Demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption .
New Delhi : hitting out at those accusing the government of not being prepared for Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi said they are actually pained that they themselves did not get time to make any preparation .
Reiterating the need to move towards a cashless economy , Modi said once black money is eliminated from the system , it is essential to ensure that fresh black money is not generated .
In a statement to the media , Jaitley said , political parties have not been granted any exemption or privilege , post Demonetisation and introduction of taxation amendment act , 2016 .
Responding to allegations on the governments failure to bring back black money , Modi said had the upa government set up the special investigation team ( sit ) in 2011 as per a Supreme Court directive , the process would have started by now .
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency , Jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals .
Watch video | find out what PM Narendramodi told cabinet over Demonetisation Decisionin the worlds largest democracy the Demonetisation was revolutionary : it called into question the States promise to pay the bearer the face value on every BANKNOTE .
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis has asked district collectors to set up camps to educate the public about the benefits of cashless economy and train them in using this mode of transaction .
Prime Minister Narendramodi prime minister Narendramodi Modiprime minister Narendramodi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours , if any , undertaken by them during the last three months , an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted Demonetisation and other initiatives , sources said .
Replying that the government can not sit in every bank , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years .
In an interview to PTI , finance secretary Ashok Lavasa said over 1.7 lakh POS machines have already been installed at public distribution system ( PDS ) shops and more will be done in next few months .
The government has allowed citizens to deposit in their bank accounts old currency of RS 500 and RS 1,000 , which has been declared invalid in the countrys biggest crackdown on black money , corruption and counterfeit notes , between November 10 and December 30 .
In order to make transaction through cards cheaper , Das said RBI has asked national payments corporation of India to waive its various transaction charges .
And those who do n't have phones need simply use their Aadhar cards to make payments at Micro-Atms , Nilekani said .
In the long term , this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy , Jaitley said .
Watch video | find out what PM Modi told cabinet over Demonetisation Decisionin the worlds largest democracy the Demonetisation was revolutionary : it called into question the States promise to pay the bearer the face value on every BANKNOTE .
Modi said his government was investing the money recovered Post-Demonetisation on carrying out public works and funding welfare schemes .
Replying that the government can not sit in every bank , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years .
My governments aim is to realise that dream , Modi said while speaking at the prize distribution function of the month-long Digidhan contest launched in December for users of the digital transaction mode .
In last week of December , during the Demonetisation period , Prime Minister Modi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all .
He said the government had reason to believe that the old notes were exchanged at a premium .
Bhubaneswar : Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said prime minister Narendra Modi has created a new normal for the countrys economy by breaking all stereotypes of the past through his Demonetisation move .
Months before prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country , a low level government Karmachari in Jharkhands Latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction .
Ghaziapur : prime minister Modi on Monday said that the inconvenience faced by the common man due to Demonetisation will not go in vain .
After Modi announced the Demonetisation last year , Haasan had tweeted that this has to be lauded transcending party lines .
Defending the decision on Demonetisation , Modi said the menace of fake currency could not have been checked if such a big offensive was not initiated .
Modi at a rally in Agra yesterday said that political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by Demonetisation , indirectly referring to Mamata Banerjee .
Referring to black money , Arunjaitley said the government is proceeding as per the rulebook , and added making public Defaulters names via a process other than judicial would indirectly benefit those stocking black money abroad .
Pti Photoaddressing party MPs at the Bjps parliamentary party meeting , finance minister Arunjaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the Demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities .
Earlier , Arunjaitley in a Facebook post said Demonetisation has helped in formalising the economy , expanding tax base and earmarking more resources for the poor .
The Modi government is determined to tackle the black money issue , said Amitshah while addressing the media on the completion of one year of NDA government .
In the coming times more steps will be taken against black money , said Modi .
He had said the government has declared a decisive war against black money and corruption .
New Delhi : even as BJP MPs hailing from Uttar Pradesh claimed that the momentum in favour of the saffron outfit was sliding ahead of the assembly elections due to Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said that the nation is above party interests .
Addressing a rally in Ambikapur in Chhattisgarh ahead of the second phase of voting on November 20 , Modi claimed people did not have issues with Demonetisation , but only a family .
Prime Minister Modi in Rajya Sabha prime minister Modi in Rajya Sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in Rajya Sabha , Prime Minister Modi on Wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political .
The government also has plans to introduce RS 100 and RS 50 currency notes with a new design and enhanced security features .
Demonetisation curbed use of black money in the sector , Modi said , adding his decisions face problems in the beginning as he works ahead of time .
Even as there were reports that BJP leaders would stay away from the wedding that has come at a time when Prime Minister Modi has announced war on black money , there was a lineup of leaders of the party at the event .
The centre had submitted an affidavit last week on the Demonetisation move in the Supreme Court , saying it is an attempt to unearth black money stashed over the last seven decades .
It has been decided that for wedding ceremonies which are going on , up to RS 2.50 lakh will be permitted to be drawn from the bank account .
He expressed hope that the government would increase the number of Micro-Atms in the country to one million from the current 130,000 , and said cashless transactions will completely remove bureaucracy from the country .
Referring to Demonetisation , he said it has not impacted the economy as apprehended by experts and added that even during the stress period ( of November and December ) , the size of the formal economy was increasing .
New Delhi , Aug 15 , 2015 , ( PTI ) : 10:31 Istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money , Prime Minister Modi today said RS 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'Side effects ' .
Digital Pushpushing for digital transactions , Modi said , everyone has right to use his or her money and no one stops them .
Buoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption .
New Delhi : asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future , Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people .
Responding to criticism of government on Demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy , Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal .
Lauding Modis move against black money , chief minister park said that the drive would eradicate black money from India .
