;;0.0;;(ye file hai ddca ka file jiske andar arunjaitley phas rahe hain), the delhi chief minister claimed.
;;0.4019;;the team is expected to tomorrow meet finance minister arunjaitley , who was nominated by the bjp along with arun singh, for negotiating with parties in the state for government formation, sources said.
;;0.4703;;singh also slammed finance minister arunjaitley for his alleged statement that more ex-servicemen were satisfied with the orop scheme announced by the government.
;;0.4576;;referring to the allegations of delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal against finance minister arunjaitley , naidu said the allegations are highly motivated to divert people's attention from the serious cases against aap government.
;;0.7579;;ideal choicefinance minister arunjaitley is too young and the prime minister needs him in the cabinet and, among other things, he is an effective speaker in parliament.
;;0.25;;the proposals came as finance minister arunjaitley created history by moving as many as 40 amendments to the finance bill.
;;0.0;;moving the bill for discussion in the lok sabha, arunjaitley also proposed amendments to the representation of the people act since, he said, a lot of election funding across the spectrum came from unknown sources.
;;0.7783;;in his budget on february 1, arunjaitley had proposed that the legal limit for cash transactions would be rs 3 lakh, in line with the recommendation of the supreme court-constituted special investigation team (sit) on black money in 2014.
;;0.6369;;5 lakh per month has been recommended by the commission, headed by justice a k mathur, that presented its 900-page report to finance minister arunjaitley here.
;;0.6597;;at a meeting attended by mps of bjp and its allies, except shiv sena, arunjaitley spoke in detail about the budget, underscoring that it also seeks to give a fillip to economic growth by improving infrastructure and business and investment climate.
;;0.0;;tax sops likely in modi govt's 1st full year budget tomorrownew delhi, feb 27, 2015 (pti) 18:49 istfinance minister arunjaitley will present tomorrow the first full year budget of the nda government, which is termed as a 'make or break' fiscal exercise widely expected to unveil pro-common man measures and push forward 'make in india' campaign.
;;0.6486;;however, this time around arunjaitley , according to experts, may choose only one of them as he looks at additional revenue to boost public spending and push economy to high growth path.
;;0.5106;;the about hour-and-half long speech of finance minister arunjaitley was littered with farmers word at least 32 times, infrastructure 27 times and middle-class either once or twice  lending strong indication of the agrarian thrust to the economic direction.
;;0.0;;rs 100 cr for 'ek bharat shreshtha bharat'new delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns: 1:17 istfinance minister arunjaitley earmarked rs 100 crore each for birth centenary of jana sang ideologue pandit deendayal upadhyaya and for 350th birth anniversary of guru gobind singh.
;;0.7579;;recently, finance minister arunjaitley renamed the clean energy cess as clean environment cess and doubled its magnitude.
;;-0.5719;;azad, who has been suspended by bjp after his allegations of corruption against union finance minister arunjaitley , has been trying to expose the alleged irregularities of the ddca for many years.
;;-0.128;;while delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has called for a probe on ddca matters, arunjaitley has not only rubbishesd the charges but also filed a 10 crore defamation suit against kejriwal and a few other aap members.
;;-0.5574;;new delhi, dec 25, 2015, dhns 1:22 istfinance minister arunjaitley on thursday launched a counter attack on the aap for lowering the political discourse and said the right to vulgarity was not available to delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
;;0.0;;the gst bill, 2011 said that all decisions of the gst council will be based on consensus but it did not specify what would consensus mean, arunjaitley noted.
;;-0.501;;bjp almost begging me for an apology: kejrinew delhi, dec 29, 2015, dhns 1:14 iststepping up the heat against finance minister arunjaitley , chief minister arvind kejriwal said he would not apologise for targeting the bjp leader on the ddca issue as his governments panel did not give anybody a clean chit.
;;-0.4767;;on thursday, nitish wrote a letter to finance minister arunjaitley and alleged that the centre is pruning schemes and the state is being deprived of its due.
;;0.0;;the meeting was attended among others by finance minister arunjaitley , home minster rajnath singh, external affairs sushma swarah, parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu.
;;-0.3182;;finance minister aurn arunjaitley and congress president sonia gandhi also mourned the deaths.
;;0.5423;;may the departed souls rest in peace, arunjaitley wrote on his twitter-handle.
;;0.5267;;'falciani should share info sans pre-conditions'new delhi, nov 4, 2015, dhns: 1:49 istfinance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said that herve falciani, former hsbc bank employee-turned-whistleblower, should share information with the government about illicit funds flowing out of india without putting any pre-condition.
;;0.2023;;the survey report, tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday, recommended that electronic record of the arrival and departure of the primary school teachers be maintained for each scheduled class, lecture or session.
;;-0.9524;;jaitley says modi worst victim of intolerancenew delhi, nov 2, 2015, dhns: 1:09 ist'opposition projecting india in bad light'responding to growing criticism against the centre over rising intolerance in the society, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday claimed that prime minister narendra modi has been the worst victim of ideological intolerance since 2002.
;;0.0;;at this, finance minister arunjaitley interjected, saying every word read out by irani has been authenticated by the registrar of the university.
;;-0.7351;;new delhi, dec 20, 2015, (pti) 16:52 istformer finance minister p chidambaram today said it was unfair to drag congress president sonia gandhi in an alleged attempt to fix finance minister arunjaitley during the upa regime and accused the modi government of acting with ulterior motives in the national herald case.
;;0.0;;chidambaram was commenting on an interview given by arunjaitley to a newspaper in which he had alleged that a bjp mp had met sonia gandhi during the upa tenure and they said they will fix jaitley.
;;0.0;;though arunjaitley did not name the mp, the newspaper suggested it was kirti azad, who has been running a campaign against alleged corruption in the delhi cricket body ddca.
;;-0.2732;;about two months after notifying hike in the post-graduate scholarship, the hrd ministry witnessed a steep cut in its allocations when finance minister arunjaitley presented the budget for 2015-16 in parliament.
;;0.0;;modi is learnt to have nominated finance minister arunjaitley to the panel to select the cic and three information commissioners.
;;0.0;;earlier railway minister suresh prabhu had written a letter to finance minister arunjaitley seeking rs 32,000 cr as grant from the exchequer's for implementation of the commission recommendations and has cited the difficult financial position that the railways is passing through.
;;0.2023;;in his fourth budget, finance minister arunjaitley had limited donations to political parties from a single anonymous source to 10 per cent of the current rs 20,000 cap.
;;0.0;;95 tonnes of pulses from four states on friday, importers rushed to meet finance minister arunjaitley seeking exemption from adherence to stockholding limits.
;;0.0258;;importers told arunjaitley that they have contracted 25 lakh tonnes of lentils from international markets and that it will reach indian shores shortly.
;;0.0;;the budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley on february 1 was closely watched as it was the last full-year budget of the nda government before the 2019 general elections.
;;0.0772;;finance minister arunjaitley , through an amendment to the finance bill for 2017-18, had made aadhaar mandatory for filing income tax returns and provided for linking of pan with aadhaar to curb tax evasion through use of multiple pan cards.
;;0.6369;;import duty on arecanuthe said that he would impress upon the union minister for finance arunjaitley to increase import duty on arecanut from 115 per cent to 175 per cent.
;;-0.5267;;it had refused to respond if the views of finance minister arunjaitley or chief economic advisor were taken before demonetisation was announced, it had also refused to disclose reasons behind the sudden move, among others.
;;0.0;;the aap has been targeting finance minister arunjaitley , alleging that wrongdoings took place in the ddca during his 13-year tenure till 2013 as its head.
;;-0.3182;;when asked if giving statutory status to the aayog was discussed in the meeting, arunjaitley replied in negative.
;;-0.6808;;falling oil prices have saved billions of dollars in subsidy spending across the economy, but finance minister arunjaitley is under pressure to prevent the fiscal deficit from busting a target of 3.
;;0.743;;earlier, finance minister arunjaitley repeatedly nudged the central bank for monetary policy easing to help spur economic growth.
;;0.0;;the g-20 meeting at ankara was attended by arunjaitley and rajan.
;;-0.6249;;oppn should fight bjp politically, says jaitleynew delhi, nov 4, 2015, dhns: 1:58 istfinance minister arunjaitley categorically dismissed the ongoing debate over rising intolerance in the country on tuesday, saying opposition parties should fight their battle with the bjp politically instead.
;;-0.6808;;hundreds of protesters were detained at the protest spot near race course metro station and tughlaq road residence of arunjaitley , before being released.
;;0.0;;the proposal to come out with a new law on the black money was announced by arunjaitley in his budget speech last month.
;;0.7269;;articulate and suave, finance minister arunjaitley has been considered for the defence portfolio, another high-profile role that is crucial to modi's geopolitical ambitions and plans to boost indian industry.
;;0.25;;on the economy, arunjaitley observed that india has its own challenges despite being the fastest growing large economy in the world.
;;0.3612;;senior congress leader p chidambaram on saturday termed as absurd allegations levelled by finance minister arunjaitley that maoists and jihadists have earned the sympathy of congress president rahul gandhi.
;;-0.8176;;in a hard-hitting article on facebook, arunjaitley on friday had said that terrorists and the jihadis were threatening the human rights of the citizens in jammu & kashmir.
;;0.3818;;with only a few days to go before finance minister arunjaitley presents the budget for fy2018-19, the common man is busy wondering the benefits he may expect in what will be the last full budget of the present incumbent government.
;;0.0;;last week, union finance minister arunjaitley ruled out farm loan waiver by the centre and said states could utilise their own resources for that purpose.
;;0.3182;;congress leadership lacks legislative literacy: jaitleynew delhi, may 17, 2015, (pti) 14:25 istfinance minister arunjaitley today hit back at the congress for its new-found aggression in parliament and outside, saying that the party leadership lacks legislative literacy and needs to directly read the fine print instead of depending on others.
;;0.0;;with the land bill now referred to a joint committee, arunjaitley remarked: the course we have now adopted is the fastest way of getting the law passed.
;;-0.5423;;at the same conference where arunjaitley had made the controversial remarks, congress leader and chairman of the public accounts committee k v thomas had asked the cag to limit its audits to probing financial impropriety and not come out with astronomical figures of notional losses.
;;0.0;;25 cr cars have been soldfinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said that indian society was largely tax non-compliant and predominance of cash in economy made it possible for people to evade taxes.
;;0.0;;the council, headed by arunjaitley and comprising representatives of all states, decided to levy a 5 per cent gst (2.
;;0.1531;;finance minister arunjaitley had accused yechury of taking up the lalitgate issue for the sake of tv opportunity.
;;0.0;;the issue which had prompted arunjaitley to make the remark against yechury was the latters objection to the minister reading out the notice of congress deputy leader anand sharma on july 23.
;;0.0;;yechury had objected that arunjaitley should not have read the notice as the chair had not given any ruling on it.
;;0.0;;the issue of whether arunjaitley did the right thing in referring to notice was also debated on monday.
;;-0.34;;however, the discussion again became interesting when arunjaitley remarked that the interpretation made in the house would be violence to the english language.
;;-0.4404;;in an apparent dig at finance minister arunjaitley , shourie questioned delayed tax and banking reforms, and his aggressive stand against the judiciary and chief ministers.
;;0.5994;;bankers welcome rs 10k cr capital infusion for recapitalisationumesh m avvannavar, feb 2, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 1:38 istwelcoming the move by finance minister arunjaitley to infuse rs 10,000 crore into public sector banks in the next fiscal, and more being provided if required, bankers have hailed it as a morale booster.
;;-0.5574;;spectrum auction belie zero loss presumptions, says jaitleynew delhi, mar 25, 2015, (pti) 19:04 istwith the telecom spectrum auction fetching a record rs 109,874 crore, finance minister arunjaitley today took a jibe at congress leader kapil sibal, saying the 'zero loss' theory has been belied.
;;0.2316;;earlier in the day, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arunjaitley had sought to downplay the issue, saying it was not serious and would be resolved.
;;-0.5719;;bjp leaders visitsenior bjp leaders l k advani, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley on wednesday visited tihar jail to meet sudheendra kulkarni, the man they described as a mere whistleblower in the cash-for-vote scam.
;;0.8271;;speaking on the ddca controversy involving finance minister arunjaitley , naqvi said the senior bjp leader was clean and honest and lashed out at the aam aadmi party, which he said was indulging in drama.
;;0.6478;;to make this scheme more attractive, arunjaitley proposed certain changes in the scheme.
;;0.7096;;stating that the new capital for andhra pradesh is being constructed by land-pooling mechanism without use of the land acquisition act, arunjaitley proposed to exempt from capital gain tax, persons holding land on june 2, 2014, the date on which the state was reorganised, and whose land is being pooled for creation of capital city under the government scheme.
;;-0.34;;the arrest comes weeks after finance minister arunjaitley had indicated that mallyas extradition would feature in his talks during his visit to the uk.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley has already convinced investors in the us that the parliament will pass the bill in the coming three weeks.
;;0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech had announced that the government would come out with a new law to effectively deal with the black money stashed abroad.
;;-0.3612;;in addition, 12 per cent of the fleet is in the 15-19 years bracket, while the ship-breaking sector continues to be in turmoil, the economic survey for 2015-16, tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley , said today.
;;0.0516;;deadlock continues on gst even as govt breaks bread with oppnnew delhi, dec 14, 2015, pti: 19:54 istdeadlock continued on the gst bill after finance minister arunjaitley today held inconclusive talks with congress leaders to sort out differences to ensure its passage and the two sides will meet again later.
;;-0.5994;;that despite today's meeting there was no let up in the confrontation between the two sides was clear with arunjaitley remarking after the luncheon that the current session is also threatened with a washout.
;;-0.3252;;opposition not prepared for discussion, says jaitleynew delhi, july 22, 2015, (ians) 16:14 istunion finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the opposition was not prepared for a discussion in parliament and was changing stance on the issues raised by it.
;;-0.1779;;aap hits back at jaitleynew delhi, may 19, 2015, (pti) 19:23 istthe aap today hit back at arunjaitley for his comments that the people of delhi were now paying the price for electing the party to power, saying that it exposed the bjp's deep frustration and anti-democratic stance.
;;-0.521;;taking a jibe at arunjaitley , senior aap leader ashutosh said the man who had lost badly in amritsar should not bother about delhi since they will never understand the city.
;;0.1681;;at a party function arunjaitley had said, the people of delhi experimented with a new party in the elections, but it is a very costly experiment because governance is not their political agenda, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6369;;the historic election results in february which have made the bjp and congress irrelevant in the electoral politics of national capital are reverberating in the words of political leaders like mr arunjaitley , the party said in a statement.
;;-0.2732;;earlier, finance minister arunjaitley had warned irs officers against expressing their reservations over gst.
;;0.836;;those returning awards are rabid anti-bjp elements: jaitleypatna, oct 29, 2015 (pti) 15:34 istfinance minister arunjaitley today hit out at those creative personalities returning awards as rabid anti-bjp elements and said some of them had gone to varanasi to campaign against narendra modi in the last general elections.
;;0.6705;;on the students of ftii withdrawing agitation and resuming academic activities in the campus, arunjaitley welcomed the move and said the government wanted to make ftii an institution of excellence.
;;0.0;;parrikar to discuss orop with jaitleynew delhi, june 3, 2015, dhns: 1:29 istdefence minister manohar parrikar is likely to meet finance minister arunjaitley later this week to iron out the differences on the implementation of the one rank one pension (orop) for the ex-servicemen.
;;0.2263;;soon after receiving news of the governor sending his report to the rashtrapati bhavan, the party top brass called an emergency meeting here, attended by senior leader l k advani, opposition leader in lok sabha sushma swaraj, opposition leader in rajya sabha arunjaitley and others.
;;0.128;;the partys legal luminaries including arunjaitley and soli sorabjee were also in constant touch with the bjp state leadership, including chief minister b s yeddyurappa.
;;-0.7351;;earlier in the day, arunjaitley wrote a facebook post thrashing the congress for complaining a bit too much and accusing the bjp of stealing the mandate in goa.
;;-0.1027;;annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service, apr 28 2017, 13:46 istallaying fears of rising prices of goods and service once gst rolls out, finance minister arunjaitley on friday promised there will be no surprise in fixing tax rates under the proposed indirect tax law.
;;0.4767;;annapurna singh, dh news service, new delhi, may 28 2017, 0:05 istracing against time to meet the july 1 deadline for gst rollout, when finance minister arunjaitley presented the last bit of four enabling gst laws for parliaments approval on march 27, the opposition first desisted from discussion and called it a midnight listing by the government without any prior information.
;;-0.5499;;but arunjaitley emphasised that the bills had to be passed in the budget session itself or else the centre and states would lose their right to collect indirect taxes after september 15.
;;0.861;;jaitley attacks cong for stand on black moneynew delhi, nov 02, 2014, dhns: 1:56 istunion finance minister says party does not want evidence to come outfinance minister arunjaitley on sunday accused the congress of taking a stand for unmasking black money hoarders as it does not want evidence to be forthcoming in support of the names available with the sit, referring to the special investigation team headed by former supreme court judge justice m b shah.
;;0.3565;;it does not want evidence to be forthcoming in support of the names available with the sit, said arunjaitley in a write-up.
;;-0.7269;;suspended bjp rajya sabha member ram jethmalani attacked arunjaitley directly for not doing enough to bring back black money.
;;-0.3818;;in his articleconfidentiality clauses and the battle for tracing black money outside india arunjaitley said the us has legislated the foreign account tax compliance act (fatca) of 2010, which also contains a confidentiality clause.
;;-0.6705;;apart from the direct tax avoidance treaty (dtat) with several countries, which bars premature disclosure of names, arunjaitley wrote that the rbi has already informed the centre about the serious and adverse consequences of non-compliance of fatca by india.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi, dec 22, 2015,(pti) 19:16 istopposition today claimed that prime minister narendra modi has signalled to finance minister arunjaitley to quit in the wake of ddca row by drawing a parallel with l k advani in the hawala case, a suggestion bjp rejected outright.
;;0.4357;;today i heard prime minister saying that arunjaitley will come out of this like l k advani in the jain hawala case.
;;0.6486;;i will remind arunjaitley that advani had then resigned and had not come back till he got clean chit from the supreme court, leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad told reporters.
;;0.4767;;so the prime minister seems to be telling arunjaitley that he should not continue as finance minister till he gets cleared, he said addressing a joint press conference with party leaders anand sharma and randeep surjewala.
;;0.1027;;striking a similar note, cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury said by drawing a parallel with advani, the prime minister is giving a hint to arunjaitley that he should resign, get himself cleared and come back.
;;0.0;;i read it as a signal to arunjaitley that you also do the same thing, he said talking separately to reporters.
;;0.765;;in a strong show of support for arunjaitley , modi today said at bjp parliamentary party meet that he will come through with flying colours against charges of corruption levelled against him by the opposition in a same way advani did in the hawala case.
;;0.6124;;senior congress leader digvijay singh also tweeted, modi: 'i am sure arunjaitley would come out clean as advaniji did in hawala case'.
;;0.34;;oil minister tells colleagues to give up subsidised lpgnew delhi, jan 11, 2015, dhns: 2:06 istwith finance minister arunjaitley taking the lead in voluntarily giving up the use of subsidised cooking gas (lpg) cylinders, oil minister dharmendra pradhan is calling upon his ministerial colleagues and members of parliament to follow suit.
;;0.0;;shortly after arunjaitley gave up his subsidised lpg connection, attorney general mukul rohatgi also voluntarily done the same.
;;-0.8658;;new delhi, dec 22, 2015 (pti) 21:23 istmounting a fierce attack on prime minister narendra modi, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today demanded his resignation over what he termed was a flop raid by the cbi at the delhi secretariat to protect finance minister arunjaitley in the alleged ddca scam.
;;-0.5267;;the chief minister, against whom arunjaitley has filed both civil and criminal defamation suits, further alleged that the cbi was specifically looking for a file containing a note with incriminating details.
;;-0.4019;;besides, governor h r bhardwaj had given a copy of petitions filed by some advocates seeking permission to prosecute the chief minister to arunjaitley during his recent visit to raj bhavan.
;;0.8316;;presenting the budget in parliament, finance minister arunjaitley also pledged the creation of an innovation fund to be utilised in ensuring universal access, gender parity and improvement in the quality of secondary education.
;;0.0;;this is a budget for the future - for farmers, underprivileged, transparency, urban rejuvenation, rural development, enterprise, modi said while commenting on the document presented by finance minister arunjaitley in the lok sabha.
;;0.765;;lauding arunjaitley for presenting a good budget, he said it will speed up the development of the country, create new employment opportunities, double farmers' income.
;;-0.3818;;aap again seeks jatiley's ouster over ddcanew delhi, dec 20, 2015, (ians) 18:57 istdelhi's ruling aap on sunday again demanded the sacking of finance minister arunjaitley from the government after accusing him of corruption in the city's cricket board.
;;-0.2732;;another aap leader, kumar vishwas, wanted to know if modi would continue to retain arunjaitley in his cabinet even after knowing the details of the alleged corruption charges against him.
;;-0.2732;;kirti azad has made it clear that arunjaitley is the head of the (ddca) scam.
;;-0.6124;;kejriwal continues tirade against centre for cbi misusenew delhi, dec 16, 2015, dhns: 0:35 istthe aam aadmi party (aap) government attacked the centre for the second day on wednesday with chief minister arvind kejriwal and his deputy manish sisodia sticking to their claim that the cbi raid on chief ministers office (cmo) was aimed at saving finance minister arunjaitley in the alleged delhi cricket body scam.
;;0.3612;;wadhwa said one of their demands is to bring tds provisions on transport trade in pre-finance act 2015, and finance minister arunjaitley has assured them to call a meeting with chairman, cbdt on this.
;;0.2023;;with regard to growth arunjaitley said, slowdown in china has impact on india but fall in prices of commodities have been favourable to india.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns 2:28 istairlines operating udan flights to connect regional towns have something to cheer with finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday announcing that service tax will not be deducted from the viability gap funding (vgf) given to them.
;;-0.296;;by the orop definition, revision should be done every year, which finance minister arunjaitley ruled out because of administrative difficulties.
;;-0.0305;;one rank, one pension plan still being worked outnew delhi, may 22, 2015, dhns: 1:33 istthe issue over one-rank-one-pension (orop) scheme may not be resolved in the near future as finance minister arunjaitley on friday said the methodology of calculation was still being worked out in consultation with the defence ministry.
;;0.1043;;new delhi: dec 22, 2015, dhns 1:57 istcalling a special session of the assembly on tuesday to discuss the delhi & district cricket association (ddca) scam, chief minister arvind kejriwal said he was not scared of defamation cases filed by union finance minister arunjaitley against him.
;;-0.743;;defamation casethe decision to call a sitting of the assembly came hours before arunjaitley filed both criminal and civil defamation cases at patiala house district courts here seeking rs 10 crore damages from kejriwal.
;;0.2565;;the aam aadmi party leader responded with an angry tweet: arunjaitley should not try to scare us by filing cases.
;;0.3818;;kejriwal also suggested that arunjaitley should cooperate with the commission of enquiry and prove his innocence there.
;;-0.0258;;finance minister arunjaitley led the government charge targeting mainly congress over its campaign on the new bill, saying the need to create industry and infrastructure has become the biggest offence now.
;;0.0;;it was already mentioned by (finance minister arun) mr arunjaitley that this is one issue which is still pending before the gst council, and it will take a decision.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley , who is the chief of the gst council, had earlier met the club members regarding the issue.
;;0.0;;we had earlier met arunjaitley , the chairman of gst council.
;;0.0;;the interaction was coordinated by finance minister arunjaitley , and the opening remarks were made by niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariya.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley , home minister rajnath singh, transport minister nitin gadkari and information and broadcasting minister venkaiah naidu were among those who attended the meeting, sources said.
;;-0.34;;asked whether singh and bharti should resign following the charge sheet in the case, arunjaitley shot back, saying if that is the criteria then some of the current congress chief ministers will have to quit.
;;0.3182;;to eliminate the scope for discretionary exercise of power and provide a hassle-free structure to the tax payers, arunjaitley proposed to increase the threshold limit from rs 5 crore to rs 20 crore.
;;-0.8588;;in an article posted on bharatiya janata party's (bjp) website, arunjaitley wrote: i was deeply disappointed with mamata didi's reaction to the interrogation and arrest of some of tmc leaders in the sharada hit fund scam.
;;0.3612;;kejriwal and five others of his party have already been dragged to the high court by finance minister arunjaitley for issuing allegedly false and defamatory statements against him and his family members.
;;0.7005;;taking a jibe again at the government's proposed amnesty scheme on black money, announced by arunjaitley in the union budget for the next fiscal, the congress vice president said that the relief should be given to the employees and not to the thieves.
;;0.0258;;finance minister arunjaitley in his 2016-17 budget speech has proposed that 60 per cent of withdrawal from contribution to epf made after april 1 this year will be subject to tax.
;;0.0258;;boycotting niti aayog meeting against federalism: jaitleynew delhi, july 15, 2015 (ians) 15:07 istfinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said that certain non-bjp chief ministers skipping the niti aayog meeting in new delhi was against the spirit of federalism.
;;0.0;;bansal said the association had written to finance minister arunjaitley and petroleum minister dhamendra pradhan about the same.
;;0.0;;this is the second time arunjaitley will be meeting the zonal heads of i-t after he met them during their annual conference here in june.
;;0.7845;;mehbooba off to delhi after jaitley's promisezulfikar majid, srinagar, mar 15, 2016, dhns: 0:51 istpeoples democratic party (pdp) president mehbooba mufti on tuesday left for new delhi a day after union finance minister arunjaitley promised in parliament that the centre will implement every project announced as part of the special package to jammu & kashmir on priority.
;;0.8271;;budget gives lion's share to infra to spur economic growthnew delhi, feb 28, 2015, pti: 14:27 istasserting that india's infrastructure is a mismatch with its growth ambitions, finance minister arunjaitley today proposed a sizeable rs 70,000 crore increase in investment in the sector besides a slew of steps to spur its growth.
;;0.5083;;we want to rationalise our direct tax system in order to make it one of the most competitive regimes in the world comparable with what competitive economies elsewhere have, arunjaitley added.
;;0.0;;union road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari on thursday said that he will urge finance minister arunjaitley to bring down the gst rate on hybrid vehicles and other automobiles that run on alternate fuels.
;;0.0;;karnataka minister for large and medium industries r v deshpande also wrote a letter to arunjaitley , urging the latter to relook the gst on hybrid cars.
;;-0.0772;;the chief minister also launched a fresh attack on finance minister arunjaitley , saying he had misled parliament by saying that the cbi did not raid the chief minister's office.
;;0.0;;union ministers venkaiah naidu and rajnath singh, two members of the panel apart from finance minister arunjaitley , will meet congress chief sonia gandhi on friday as part of efforts to evolve a broad consensus on the presidential candidate.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley will address the inaugural function whereas a small concluding session will take place next day afternoon.
;;0.0;;flanked by union ministers sushma swaraj, naidu, arunjaitley among others, the prime minister administered the oath of unity to participantsmodi also offered floral tributes to the statue of sardar patel at patel chowk which was decked up for the occasion.
;;0.7783;;jaipur, jan 25, 2015, (pti): 19:07 istsenior supreme court lawyer and former bjp leader ram jethmalani today said that modi needs to dismiss union finance minister arunjaitley if he wanted to succeed in recovering black money.
;;-0.1779;;the lawyer said he had written to arunjaitley in october last year accusing him of taking an ill-advised stand on the issue in the apex court.
;;0.34;;kolkata, jan 8, 2016 (pti) 16:38 istafter sparring over the ddca issue, union finance minister arunjaitley and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today shared stage at the bengal global business summit here.
;;0.0;;while arunjaitley left after his speech at the programme at around 12.
;;-0.3182;;the raid had led to a confrontation between the two with kejriwal alleging that it was meant to seize some files purportedly containing details of alleged corruption in ddca when arunjaitley was its president between 1999 and 2013.
;;0.8658;;making it clear that he was not targeting finance minister arunjaitley , he sought to drag congress leaders in the row, alleging that the previous upa government did not take action because many of its nominees like rajeev shukla, naveen jindal and arvinder singh lovely were working as ddca directors and were party to wrongdoing and remiss in their duties.
;;0.0;;he said he and others had written over 200 letters to arunjaitley about the financial irregularities in the cricket body when he headed it but nothing happened.
;;0.0;;the meeting, which lasted for over two-and-a-half hours, was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , and top-most officials from the ministry of finance, prime ministers office and the cabinet secretary.
;;0.8641;;shemin joy, oct 20, 2014, dhns: new delhi: 1:24 istthey took care of him like any other patient, but finance minister arunjaitley had a surprise gift for them when he left hospital.
;;0.6801;;i shall be eternally grateful to you for the extremely competent and professional manner in which you handled me as a patient, said arunjaitley in the letter.
;;0.8658;;bishop on monday met finance minister arunjaitley and reviewed the progress in negotiations with regard to a comprehensive economic cooperation agreement (ceca), which is expected to significantly boost bilateral trade, investment and economic ties between india and australia.
;;-0.2448;;aap accuses centre of trying to 'save' arunjaitley from ddca probenew delhi, jan 8, 2016 (pti) 16:06 istaam aadmi party today claimed that the centre wanted to save finance minister arunjaitley by declaring as illegal the delhi government ordered inquiry into alleged ddca scam and was trying to ensure his role during his tenure as head of the cricket body was not exposed.
;;-0.291;;the step taken by the bjp government is aimed at saving arunjaitley and just to make sure that his role in ddca scam does not get exposed.
;;0.4939;;despite such attempt, they would not be able to save arunjaitley , aap leader ashutosh said at a press conference.
;;0.0;;the aap government last month had appointed former solicitor general gopal subramanium to probe alleged irregularities in the ddca which was headed by arunjaitley from 2000 to 2013.
;;-0.1779;;the aap has been accusing arunjaitley of wrongdoings during his tenure as ddca chief.
;;-0.1027;;kirti azad, a bjp parliamentarian, has been suspended by the party for training guns on arunjaitley over the ddca affairs.
;;0.0;;the meeting, chaired by union home minister rajanth singh, was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , vice-chairman niti aayog arvind panagariya, union minister of state for agriculture sanjeev kumar balyan, agriculture secretary siraj hussain and other senior officers.
;;-0.2023;;new delhi: dec 22, 2015, dhns 2:01 istdefying the bjp gag order, party mp kirti azad dared union finance minister arunjaitley to file a defamation case against him for leveling charges of corruption in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) under his presidentship.
;;-0.6808;;also, arunjaitley , who said in parliament that the charges against him were baseless since he has not taken a single penny, avoided dragging the name of azad in a legal battle, bjp sources added.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah are backing arunjaitley in the case.
;;0.34;;azad by publicly taking on arunjaitley in the ddca case has exposed another deep-routed faultline in the party which had barely managed to silence internal dissent post-bihar poll debacle.
;;0.0;;those things need to be decided, mani told reporters after meeting finance minister arunjaitley during the day.
;;0.3612;;in the budget 2015-16, arunjaitley had promised that gst would be rolled out from april 1, 2016.
;;-0.2263;;new delhi: aug 31, 2015, dhns: 1:54 istfinance minister arunjaitley on monday has ruled out annual revision of the ex-servicemen pension, as demanded by the retired armed forces personnel who are on the street for the last 78 days seeking immediate implementation of the one rank, one pension scheme.
;;-0.4767;;the veterans, however, accused the government of creating a red herring in the name of three per cent annual pension and blamed arunjaitley as the fountainhead of the controversy.
;;0.0;;azad, who spoke after finance minister arunjaitley even when many bjp leaders were seen asking him to sit down, said if everything was all right about ddca's functioning, the cbi would not have given a notice to it on october 23.
;;0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley will begin the press conference series by listing out steps taken to make doing business in india easy.
;;0.7003;;home minister rajnath singh would follow arunjaitley on saturday, while piyush goyal, whose power, coal, new and renewable energy ministries won the adulations of the business community, would speak to the press on may 29.
;;0.0;;banks, oil marketing companies are discussing, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan told reporters after meeting finance minister arunjaitley on the issue.
;;0.3612;;union minister arunjaitley , however, hit back at those returning awards, saying they were rabid anti-bjp elements and called it a manufactured rebellion.
;;0.0;;budget belies public expectations, say congress, jd(s)feb 2, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 2:14 istthere has been a mixed reaction in the political circles in the state to the budget proposals presented by union finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday.
;;0.34;;i also propose to collect tax at source at the rate of 1 per cent on purchase of luxury cars exceeding value of rs 10 lakh and purchase of goods and services in cash exceeding rs two lakh, arunjaitley added.
;;0.4588;;soft drinkssoft drinks and mineral water will also be dearer as arunjaitley proposed to hike excise duty on water including mineral water, aerated water containing added sugar or sweetening matter to 21 per cent from 18 per cent earlier.
;;0.0772;;legal services to cost moreavailing of legal services through senior advocates or legal firms will cost more as such activity will no longer be exempted from service tax with arunjaitley proposing a levy of 14 per cent.
;;-0.6361;;jaitley hints at more spending cutsmumbai, feb 6, 2015 (pti) 12:48 isthaving already crossed the fiscal deficit target in november, finance minister arunjaitley today hinted at more cuts in spending so as to contain it within limits for the current fiscal, saying he does not believe in living on borrowed money.
;;-0.4767;;ahead of the budget 2015-16 to be unveiled later this month, arunjaitley hinted at a stable tax regime, saying that 'no unfair effort' will be made by states and the centre to mop up revenues.
;;-0.0258;;he said the note shared by the ddca official mentioned that finance minister arunjaitley , in a meeting with ddca functionaries, assured them that he would get the matters raised by the serious fraud investigation office compounded.
;;-0.2263;;since they have control over the police, arunjaitley also assured the ddca officials that he would get criminal cases registered by the police dropped, he said.
;;-0.4588;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal had yesterday called prime minister narendra modi a psychopath and coward after the raids and targeted finance minister arunjaitley over alleged corruption in delhi's cricket body under his watch.
;;-0.2732;;targeting arunjaitley , who is one of the in-charges of bjp affairs in karnataka, he said he was not talking about the corruption charges faced by yeddyurappa.
;;0.0516;;there is no clear vision, no idea, congress vice-president rahul gandhi said soon after finance minister arunjaitley presented the budget.
;;0.0;;budget will be presented by finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday.
;;0.0;;the other names include union ministers arunjaitley , venkaiah naidu, smriti irani, nitin gadkari, piyush goyal, mukhtar abbas naqvi, mahesh sharma, ljp chief ram vilas paswan, a bjp ally, hema malini and v k singh.
;;-0.7227;;but, he noted, the bjp had opposed it and blocked it for three years with finance minister arunjaitley , then in the opposition, even justifying blocking parliament as a strategy.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: dec 24, 2015, dhns 2:23 istcricketer-turned-mp says bad for party, not mecracking the whip on dissenters, the bjp on wednesday suspended cricketer-turned-mp kirti azad for indulging in anti-party activities by dragging finance minister arunjaitley into the delhi & district cricket association (ddca) corruption case.
;;0.6597;;the party cracked the whip a day after prime minister narendra modi defended arunjaitley and said the finance minister would come out clean in the same manner as patriarch l k advani had in the hawala case.
;;0.0772;;the bjp decided to take action as party chief amit shah had warned azad about a week ago not to publicly hit out at his old rival arunjaitley , but he went ahead and held a press conference on sunday revealing details of corruption in the construction of the feroz shah kotla stadium.
;;0.8074;;earlier in the day, sinha, who hailed azad as hero of the day, suggested that arunjaitley should resign and emerge clean like advani.
;;0.1027;;earlier, while replying to the debate, finance minister arunjaitley strongly defended the government's endeavour to make aadhaar compulsory for access to various benefits, saying it was necessary to check frauds, including tax evasion.
;;0.3182;;former finance minister p chidambaram's suggestion that the satisfaction note should be shared without disclosing the source of information was rejected by arunjaitley , who argued that sharing of the note could be used to track the source of information.
;;0.4019;;besides azad, the meeting was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , cpm leader sitaram yechury, jd(u) leader k c tyagi and leaders from other political parties.
;;0.3818;;over the medium run, the implementation of the gst, follow-up to demonetisation, and enacting other structural reforms should take the economy towards its potential real gdp growth of 8 per cent to 10 per cent, said the survey tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley ahead of union budget 2017-18 to be unveiled tomorrow.
;;0.4215;;a group of ministers headed by finance minister arunjaitley considered the bill and approved it for the consideration of the cabinet.
;;-0.296;;jnu row: arunjaitley targets rahul in rsnew delhi, feb 25, 2016 (pti) 19:54 istwith government under intense attack over jnu issue, finance minister arunjaitley today trained his guns at rahul gandhi, suggesting that his visit to the campus in the aftermath of the controversial protest amounted to providing respectability to a movement whose charter was to break india.
;;-0.926;;referring to slogans which called for war for destruction of the country and lauded terrorists who had been convicted by the highest judiciary, arunjaitley questioned: can hate speech be called free speech?
;;-0.7543;;asking the opposition not to sidetrack the main issue, arunjaitley condemned the violence in patiala house but also reminded the house of the serious anti-indian nature of the protest at jnu and also at the jadavpur university.
;;0.7003;;when asked whether the poll sops will be like another jumla (hollow promises) made during lok sabha elections, arunjaitley took strong objection to the charge and cited the track record of bjp-ruled government to buttress his point.
;;0.4588;;flanked by union minister ananth kumar and former bihar deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, arunjaitley took a jibe on grand alliance of the jd (u), congress and the rjd.
;;-0.6486;;there is no case against amit shah, said arunjaitley , in response to lalus charge that the court had made him a tadipar in a fake encounter case.
;;-0.4215;;he is expected to meet arunjaitley and has also sought an appointment with advani, who was firmly opposed to yeddyurappa's continuance in office after he was found guilty by the lokayukta.
;;0.0;;as regards bankruptcy law, finance minister arunjaitley had earlier indicated that the government would endeavour to bring the bill in the ongoing winter session of parliament.
;;-0.34;;leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, arunjaitley picked up alterations made in the draft at the instance of the law minister to argue that these were extremely major changes, contrary to kumars assertion that he merely suggested grammatical changes.
;;0.0;;major jewellery associations, including all india gems and jewellery trade federation, india bullion and jewellers association and gems jewellery export promotion council took the decision after meeting finance minister arunjaitley regarding the 1  excise duty on jewellery.
;;0.5719;;additionally, finance minister arunjaitley proposed that category i and ii foreign portfolio investors (fpis) should be exempted from taxation on indirect transfers, which made investors a happy lot.
;;0.0516;;sentiment was boosted after arunjaitley cleared the air on the fiscal deficit road map.
;;0.3818;;71 per cent after arunjaitley announced a whopping rs 1 lakh crore hike in credit target for the next fiscal to rs 10 lakh crore as part of efforts to double farm income in the next five years.
;;0.7994;;mistry described the union budget of finance minister arunjaitley as antipoor and said that it mentioned nothing for the poor and the middle-class rather it focused to benefit the corporates.
;;-0.4019;;in a brief intervention, finance minister arunjaitley also admitted that at the time of division of the state, the issue of revenue and finances has been unfair to andhra pradesh, which has to be compensated.
;;0.0258;;noted poet ashok vajpeyi, who was among at least 37 writers those who had returned their state awards in protest against the alleged rising intolerance in the country, referred to recent allegations by ministers including by finance minister arunjaitley terming the protests by writers as manufactured.
;;-0.5423;;the intensified attack by the writers came on a day arunjaitley filed a fresh salvo to counter the protest, accusing congress, left thinkers and activists of practising ideological intolerance towards the bjp and prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.3818;;it is clear now that (finance minister) arunjaitley misled parliament saying that the cm's (kejriwal's) office was not raided.
;;-0.296;;new delhi, dec 21, 2015, (pti) 12:19 istlok sabha proceedings were adjourned for nearly 20 minutes this morning amid slogan- shouting by congress members seeking resignation of finance minister arunjaitley over allegations of corruption in ddca.
;;-0.6369;;bjp seeks apology from kejriwalnew delhi, dec 28, 2015, dhns 1:30 istthe bjp on sunday demanded an apology from delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal for targeting finance minister arunjaitley in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) scam, saying the probe report does not name its leader.
;;0.2144;;at a press conference, party spokesperson m j akbar said kejriwal made use of a report of the probe committee to target arunjaitley but it did not name him.
;;0.3818;;the delhi chief minister, we believe, should apologise to arunjaitley for his allegations.
;;0.4019;;the aap said arunjaitley and bjp were misinterpreting the findings of the committee and trying to project that the report gives him a clean chit.
;;-0.4588;;akbar said kejriwal had attacked arunjaitley claiming that the recent cbi raid at the delhi secretariat was carried out for the ddca files.
;;-0.296;;his own team has found no allegation against arunjaitley , he said.
;;-0.1326;;aap leaders said arunjaitley could not escape responsibility and only a further probe would bring out all facts.
;;0.3818;;bjp national secretary srikant sharma said arunjaitley would go ahead with his defamation suit even if kejriwal chooses to apologise.
;;-0.1531;;sources said arunjaitley in his letter to kumar termed as misleading the contention that reduction in budgetary assistance in the 2015-16 budget has led to insignificant overall increase in the share of central taxes.
;;0.0;;the speaker first asked arunjaitley whether he could consider the opposition plea.
;;0.0387;;if you do not use this chance, then we will take strict action, arunjaitley warned.
;;-0.7506;;new delhi, dec 17, 2015, (ians) 18:22 istescalating his attack on union finance minister arunjaitley , delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today demanded that he resign or be removed from the union cabinet to enable holding of an independent probe into alleged corruption in ddca.
;;-0.7269;;hitting back at kejriwal over the delhi and district cricket association row, arunjaitley accused him of spreading false propaganda, saying he seems to believe in untruth and defamation and delivers a language that borders on hysteria.
;;-0.4588;;the aap, quoting from reports of serious fraud investigation office (sfio), ddca's internal probe committee and a delhi government-appointed inquiry panel, accused arunjaitley of giving direct and indirect consent to massive corruption in the cricket body.
;;0.2263;;the bunglings had happened under direct or indirect consent of arunjaitley during his tenure as ddca chief.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendra modi must ask arunjaitley to resign to ensure fair probe as some of the competent agencies to invstigate the are under finance ministry, said aap spokesperson raghav chadha, flanked by a number of other leaders.
;;0.4939;;india should be turned into more insured society: jaitleychennai, dec 20, 2015, (ians) 16:34 istunion finance minister arunjaitley on sunday said the recent floods in tamil nadu's four districts should be viewed as a challenge to improve insurance coverage and make india a more insured society.
;;0.5423;;yesterday, kejriwal claimed that action amounts to unjustified interference as the inquiry is perfectly legal and union minister arunjaitley should cooperate with the inquiry commission and stop misusing the lg office.
;;0.0;;the state cricket body had been headed by arunjaitley for around 13 years from 1999 to 2013.
;;-0.0258;;finance minister arunjaitley has already made out a case for such a cut, citing easing inflation and a possible rise in oil prices.
;;0.4215;;in his letter dated december 21, 2015 to finance minister arunjaitley , raju had said air india was operating under turn around plan and financial restructuring plan approved by the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) for its financial and operations turn around.
;;0.0;;amid all these developments, modi continued to dig out old hidden details to take pot shots at arunjaitley , congress leader rajeev shukla and former bcci chief n srinivasan.
;;0.0;;modi tweeted that even arunjaitley met him at a london hotel when he was leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha.
;;-0.4215;;he also said that srinivasan met arunjaitley three times after he became finance minister but accused the media for not highlighting the fact.
;;0.1779;;in the budget 2017-18, finance minister arunjaitley had stated that the government plans to bring in a law to confiscate the assets of such persons till they submit to the judiciary.
;;0.0;;jaitley family goes for yellownew delhi, july11, 2014, agencies: 2:13 istyellow was the colour for the arunjaitley family when finance minister arunjaitley presented his maiden budget in the lok sabha on thursday.
;;0.0;;while 61-year-old arunjaitley wore a yellow jawahar jacket over his usual off-white kurta pyjama, his wife sangeeta and their daughter, who were watching the budget presentation from the speaker's gallery, too came wearing yellow-coloured suits.
;;0.4019;;the family of finance minister arunjaitley was present on the spot to givehim moral support on thursday as he read out his maiden budget speech in the lok sabha.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley wrote a piece, which stated: if kejriwal were still a revenue service officer and a case of such money conversion through sham companies resulting in donations to a political party had landed on his table, what he would have done?
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley called a meeting of the ministry officials to discuss the changes in the bill.
;;0.3612;;modi apparently discussed the issue with finance minister arunjaitley and bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah following criticism of the party and the government.
;;0.0655;;with arunjaitley saying that the government and the bjp had nothing to hide and the congress had more reasons to worry if the names were revealed, political circles have been agog with speculation about the identity of the foreign account holders.
;;0.2584;;in a tv interview on tuesday, arunjaitley did not deny the possibility of a former minister being on the list.
;;0.7269;;eminent figures like finance minister arunjaitley , former hrd minister kapil sibal, supreme court judge rohinton nariman, former uttar pradesh chief minister mayawati and former chhattisgarh chief minister ajit jogi are among the the faculty of law alumni.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had made a case for extradition of mallya when british prime minister theresa may dropped in on a meeting between him and his uk counterpart in london last month.
;;-0.1531;;creating domestic demandmeenakshi rajeev, feb 4, 2017 23:55 istfarm sector in budget : how far some of budget's initiatives will be beneficial to small farmers facing severe crisis, depends on the process of implefinance minister arunjaitley presented the union budget amidst what he stated as high global uncertainty in terms of oil price increase, changing monetary policy stance and rise of protectionism policies of certain nations.
;;0.0;;in this round of the meeting to be headed by finance minister arunjaitley , the council is scheduled to finalise the rates of different commodities and services.
;;-0.4767;;this is only to divert the attention of the opposition from raising other issues, about ddca, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said after congress disrupted proceedings in both the houses demanding resignation of finance minister arunjaitley for alleged graft in delhi and district cricket association.
;;0.0;;in his budget 2016-17 proposals, arunjaitley sought to raise additional duty of excise on cigarettes for filter and non- filter not exceeding 65 mm to rs 215 from rs 70 per 1,000 sticks.
;;0.0;;we are carrying out a mid-term review of the 12th plan, said finance minister arunjaitley adding that some suggestions on the status of the plan were made during the meeting.
;;0.4019;;the meeting of the committee, held on wednesday in the prime ministers office in parliament, was attended by finance minister arunjaitley and leader of the congress party in lok sabha, mallikarjuna kharge, sources said.
;;-0.5267;;pti file photoa day after data showed indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
;;-0.3182;;he said, the recent decision of finance minister arunjaitley to give tax concessions to the tune of five to 10 per cent, resulted in a loss of rs 1.
;;-0.1027;;bjp sources said the notice is a standard follow-up to suspension of a party leader and a decision on expulsion of azad, who has continued to attack finance minister arunjaitley over the delhi cricket body (ddca) affairs, will depend on his reply.
;;-0.0772;;an undeterred azad has continued to target arunjaitley over the alleged corruption in delhi and district cricket association and also attacked party mp and bcci secretary anurag thakur besides rajeev shukla of congress over alleged irregularities in cricket administration.
;;0.8225;;the first bjp parliamentary party meeting in the session in which members of its allies were also invited had finance minister arunjaitley speak in detail about india's strong growth amid the global slowdown and members were also briefed about government's developmental agenda in the coming years.
;;0.6705;;new delhi, feb 28, 2015 (pti) 13:59 istasking rich and wealthy to pay higher tax, finance minister arunjaitley today abolished the wealth tax but increased the surcharge to 12 per cent on individuals earning rs 1 crore and above annually and on firms with an annual income of rs 10 crore or more.
;;-0.7717;;finance minister arunjaitley on friday said that congress move to impeach the cji is a revenge petition after the sc verdict on judge b h loya death case.
;;0.0;;new delhi, mar 25, 2015 (pti) 20:22 istthe suspense over fate of the ordinance that amended the land acquisition act continued today, with finance minister arunjaitley saying the cabinet will take a call on it.
;;0.5423;;new delhi: dec 26, 2015, dhns 2:20 istbjp mp seeks proof of his 'anti-party' activitiesbjp mp kirti azad, suspended for publicly taking on finance minister arunjaitley in the ddca corruption case, wrote to party chief amit shah demanding proof of his anti-party activities and asserted that he remained a loyal party soldier.
;;-0.5859;;in his letter to shah, azad reiterated his earlier position that the suspension order was silent on charges against him, which as per reports was for criticising arunjaitley in the ddca case.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi, dec 17, 2015, pti: 14:48 istkeeping up the attack on finance minister arunjaitley , aap today alleged huge financial bunglings in ddca during his 13 year-old tenure as its chief, saying large amounts were siphoned off through fake companies besides other irregularies including in team selection.
;;-0.4588;;at a press conference here, the aap leaders, quoting from reports of serious fraud investigation office (sfio), ddca's internal probe committee and a delhi government-appointed inquiry panel, accused arunjaitley of giving direct and indirect consent to massive corruption in the cricket body.
;;0.2263;;the bunglings had happened under direct or indirect consent of arunjaitley during his tenure as ddca chief.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendra modi must ask arunjaitley to resign to ensure fair probe as some of the competent agencies to invstigate the are under finance ministry, said aap spokesperson raghav chadha, flanked by a number of other leaders.
;;0.2732;;the aap leaders repeated their allegations that arunjaitley was behind the cbi raid at delhi secretariat on monday as well as take over of delhi acb from delhi government by the centre to scuttle probe into ddca affairs.
;;0.0;;the ddca was a den of corruption under arunjaitley , said chadha.
;;0.128;;they alleged that arunjaitley had turned ddca into an exclusive club of elites and had institutionalised corruption.
;;0.0;;ahead of budget presentation, scheduled at 11 am in the lok sabha, arunjaitley met president pranab mukherjee, who was himself a finance minister, and was also present at the customary meeting of the cabinet, presided over by prime minister narendra modi inside parliament house.
;;-0.6712;;after fema in which the punishment is really fine and penalties, you have to investigate that offence and arrive at what is called a predicate offence, he said pointing out that arunjaitley had mentioned that phrase in his reply.
;;0.5106;;gst to be 5  on footwear below rs 500, 18  on restpress trust of india, new delhi, jun 3 2017, 19:20 istthe gst council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising his state counterparts, today decided on tax rates for six goods including footwear, textiles, biscuits and gold.
;;0.0;;the gst council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising his state counterparts, today decided on tax rates for six goods including footwear, textiles, biscuits and gold.
;;0.0;;in a facebook post last week, finance minister arunjaitley had called young indian a real estate company, a statement that has made its way to the faqs.
;;-0.7269;;new delhi, dec 17, 2015, (pti) 18:12 isthitting back at arvind kejriwal over the ddca row, finance minister arunjaitley today accused him of spreading false propaganda, saying he seems to believe in untruth and defamation and delivers a language that borders on hysteria.
;;0.3182;;with the heat and dust of the cbi search on an ias officer's room having settled now, arunjaitley questioned why two chief ministers are lending their support to kejriwal's blatant falsehood.
;;0.5499;;can't have annual pension revision, says arunjaitley on oropnew delhi, aug 31, 2015, (pti) 13:08 istfinance minister arunjaitley today virtually ruled out annual revision of pension as demanded by agitating ex-servicemen under 'one rank, one pension' but said government will safeguard interests of soldiers retiring at an early age through higher pensions.
;;-0.5574;;talking to reporters in patna, arunjaitley earlier in the day stepped up attack on those returning awards by calling them rabid anti-bjp elements and stuck to his guns that their protest is a manufactured rebellion.
;;0.3412;;new delhi, dec 21, 2015, pti: 18:21 ista defiant delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today asserted that the aam aadmi party will not be scared by civil and criminal defamation suits against him and five other aap leaders by finance minister arunjaitley and asked him to prove his innocence before the inquiry commission.
;;0.0;;kejriwal suggested that arunjaitley should instead cooperate with the commission of inquiry formed by the delhi government to probe the alleged irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association.
;;0.1531;;the chief minister's decision to brazen it out became clear last night itself as the other aap leaders named by arunjaitley in his defamation suit had stuck to their guns and continued to target the finance minister.
;;0.0;;kejriwal and the five aap leaders have publicly been making allegations against arunjaitley with regard to the ddca affairs although some of the allegations have gone beyond that.
;;0.25;;top leaders of the bjp hit back, accusing aap of attempting to reduce the stature of arunjaitley in public life and hailed the finance minister for maintaining an impeccable standard of probity.
;;0.0;;real estatedelhi deputy chief minister manish sisodia, however, wrote to arunjaitley for bringing real estate under the ambit of gst.
;;-0.8834;;jaitley blames 'alliance of subversion' for campus violencelondon, feb 25, 2017, pti: 22:26 istfinance minister arunjaitley today blamed an alliance of subversion for university campus violence and argued that separatists and the ultra-left were speaking the same language in certain campuses.
;;0.8004;;more incentives in budget for start-ups: jaitleynew delhi: jan 17, 2016, dhns: 1:16 istpromising more start-up friendly measures in the budget, finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said the initiative that aims to create over 3 lakh entrepreneurs in the next two years is a final break from the licence raj.
;;0.25;;by funding trading or manufacturing establishment of this segment, almost 3,00,000 new entrepreneurs over the next two years will be created, arunjaitley added.
;;0.0;;union finance minister arunjaitley , however, today disapproved of his remark saying people should be aware of their responsibilities.
;;-0.34;;jaitley rakes up bofors case to hit back at rahulnew delhi, mar 10, 2016 pti) 17:04 istfinance minister arunjaitley today raked up the bofors case reminding rahul gandhi of ottavio quattrocchi's escape to hit back at him for his attack on the government over liquor baron vijay mallya leaving the country despite owing over rs 9,000 crore to banks.
;;0.0;;rahul had earlier said, we asked mr arunjaitley to tell us how mallya ran away from india.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley earmarked nearly rs 78,000 crore funds for the ministry for 2017-18 against rs 72,394 crore in 2016-17.
;;0.0;;the selection committee led by prime minister narendra modi, which includes union finance minister arunjaitley and leader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjuna kharge, had on wednesday selected mathur for the post.
;;0.5267;;96 lakh crore for infrastructure development and terming the sector the top priority of the government, finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the magnitude of investment in the field is bound to spur growth.
;;-0.6187;;jaitley's 'clean chit' to raje's son a 'cover-up': congnew delhi, jun 22, 2015, (pti) 20:51 istcongress today attacked finance minister arunjaitley in lalit modi controversy over his alleged clean chit to rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and the former ipl boss, terming it as a clear-cut cover-up but stopped short of seeking his resignation.
;;0.0;;he asked arunjaitley , who is also leader of the rajya sabha, how he could describe as commercial transaction the rs 11 crore dealing between dushyant and lalit modi.
;;0.7003;;only a full time defence minister can draft full time strategy towards growth and security, he said referring to finance minister arunjaitley , who also holds the defence portfolio.
;;-0.0516;;new delhi: dec 22, 2015, dhns 2:15 istfinance minister arunjaitley filed a defamation suit in the delhi high court on monday seeking rs 10 crore in damages from chief minister arvind kejriwal and five aam aadmi party (aap) leaders for leading a false, malicious and defamatory campaign against him.
;;0.0;;in a separate petition, arunjaitley also sought action from a city court against kejriwal and the five aap leaders for making defamatory statements relating to alleged financial irregularities during his role as delhi & district cricket association (ddca) president.
;;-0.1068;;reacting to the development, kejriwal said arunjaitley should not threaten by filing cases and said his fight against corruption would continue.
;;0.0;;he asked arunjaitley to cooperate with the commission of inquiry set up by the delhi government.
;;-0.296;;in the petitions, arunjaitley has named, besides kejriwal, aap leaders kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh, raghav chadha and deepak bajpai as accused and defendants.
;;0.0;;accompanied by several ministers, including m venkaiah naidu, smriti irani and dharmendra pradhan, arunjaitley approached chief metropolitan magistrate sanjay khanagwal to file the suit.
;;0.0;;senior advocate siddharth luthra, appearing for arunjaitley , urged the court to record the ministers statement.
;;0.2732;;with regard to bogus or excess payment to certain companies in the reconstruction of ferozeshah kotla stadium here, arunjaitley asserted, this is a stadium with modern facilities, built in india for a most economical amount of rs 114 crore.
;;0.3612;;modi, who made a brief appearance at the all-party meeting hosted by parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu, assured the opposition leaders that finance minister arunjaitley will talk to them to address their concerns, if any, on the key reform measure.
;;0.0;;'reduced allocations to affect child nutrition'new delhi, may 19, 2015, dhns: 0:26 istwomen and child development minister maneka gandhi has written to finance minister arunjaitley that reduction in the budgetary allocations for the current financial year will affect schemes which are focusing on nutrition of children and the pregnant and lactating mothers.
;;0.4118;;importantly, arunjaitley noted that there would be many others like him who enjoy what happens in the evening (tv shows) but i think it is also taking its toll and therefore it is time for conventional media to stand up and strike.
;;0.2023;;the issue of privilege motion against irani had created a brief uproar in the lok sabha yesterday before finance minister arunjaitley started presenting the union budget 2016-17 with opposition members seeking to know the status of their notices against irani for misleading the house on the rohith vemula issue.
;;0.0;;banks and oil marketing companies are discussing this, pradhan told reporters after meeting finance minister arunjaitley to address the question.
;;0.296;;an avid tennis player, he is expected to assist arunjaitley in finance ministry.
;;-0.743;;new delhi, jan 5, 2016 (pti) 14:59 istfinance minister arunjaitley today recorded his statement in a delhi court in a criminal defamation complaint filed by him against chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders, accusing them of making false statements against him and his family members.
;;-0.7878;;finance minister arunjaitley dismissed sonias charges and said those rejected by the electorate did not want a popularly elected government to discharge its mandate.
;;0.0258;;the gst council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley , will now have an informal meeting on november 20 to find a political solution to an issue that threatens to derail the governments plans to implement unified indirect taxes from april 1 next year.
;;0.4019;;while azad refrained from naming anyone for the alleged bungling, delhi's ruling aam aadmi party (aap) again sought the sacking of finance minister arunjaitley , who for years headed the ddca.
;;-0.4404;;azad repeatedly underlined that he was not targeting any individual and that he had nothing to do with the attacks on arunjaitley by the aap, which he said was born the other day and was only echoing what he had been saying for eight long years.
;;0.0;;soon after azad detailed what he said was the financial wrongdoing in the ddca, the aap asked modi to sack arunjaitley from the government.
;;-0.2732;;another aap leader, kumar vishwas, wanted to know if modi would continue to retain arunjaitley in his cabinet even after knowing the details of the corruption charges.
;;-0.2732;;kirti azad has made it clear that arunjaitley is the head of the (ddca) scam.
;;0.0;;even the government is taking notefinance minister arunjaitley , while presenting the budget 2017-18, announced that the government will soon formulate new rules for regulating medical devices, a sunrise sector.
;;0.2732;;jaitley defends sushma's help to lalit modinew delhi, june 17, 2015, dhns 23:18 istmodigate: finmin says external affairs minister's intentions were goodfinance minister arunjaitley on tuesday broke his silence over the controversy involving sushma swaraj and lalit modi, defending the external affairs minister, who he said acted bona fide in helping the ipl ex-chief get travel documents from britain.
;;0.0;;while shah and the home minister had commented on sunday itself, arunjaitley had not made any remarks on the issue till now, while bjp mp kirti azad had tweeted about aasteen ka saanp (snake in the sleeves), suggesting that the controversy was an insider's job.
;;0.0;;next question, arunjaitley quipped when asked about the identity of the back-stabber whom azad, who is against jaitley's camp in the india's cricket administration, was referring to.
;;-0.8271;;in an attack on the previous upa government, arunjaitley stressed on how scandals such as the spectrum and coal field allocations are a thing of the past.
;;0.5106;;speaking at another function launching the union bank of india (uk), a subsidiary of the union bank of india, arunjaitley noted that india is emerging as one of the fastest growing economies and said that this year the gdp growth rate will be 7.
;;0.5574;;the gst council, the top decision-making body headed by finance minister arunjaitley , approved the model sgst bill at its 12th meeting on march 16.
;;0.1779;;don't blackmail us, says cong on blackmoney issuenew delhi, oct 22, 2014, (pti) 19:18 istcongress today launched a blistering attack on finance minister arunjaitley over his remarks that disclosure of names of those holding illicit foreign accounts will embarrass the opposition party and dared him to come out with full information instead of half truths and selective leakage.
;;-0.4215;;dismissing it, aicc general secretary digvijay singh accused arunjaitley of bluffing while youth congress chief rajiv satav wondered what is stopping the finance minister from naming those people.
;;0.5423;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, however, has claimed that the action amounts to unjustified interference as the inquiry is perfectly legal and union minister arunjaitley should cooperate with the inquiry commission and stop misusing the lg office.
;;0.0;;the state cricket body had been headed by arunjaitley for around 13 years from 1999 to 2013.
;;0.3612;;he added that one of their demands is to bring tds provisions on transport trade in pre-finance act 2015, and finance minister arunjaitley has assured them to call a meeting with cbdt chairman anita kapur on this.
;;0.3612;;cm seeks rs 500 crore from centre for next year's masthakabhishekajan 20, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 1:12 istchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday urged union finance minister arunjaitley to grant rs 500 crore for organising the mahamasthakabhisheka at shravanabelagola in hassan district in february next year.
;;0.4391;;bjp was absolutely clear in its intention that we wanted probity of highest order, we wanted probe by highest body and this was articulated by none other than finance minister arunjaitley and home minister rajnath singh.
;;-0.765;;aap, bjp spar over charges against finance ministernew delhi, dec 17, 2015, dhns: 7:58 istkejriwal trying to shield corrupt officer, says bjpthe war of words over accusation against finance minister arunjaitley of his involvement in glaring irregularities in delhi district cricket association (ddca) intensified on thursday, with the bjp coming all out in his defence, describing him as a man of impeccable political record.
;;-0.5106;;the bjp resolutely stands behind arunjaitley and publicly condemns the malicious intent of the aap to deflect public attention from a corrupt officer working with (delhi chief minister) arvind kejriwal, union minister for human resource development smriti irani told reporters at a press conference.
;;0.0;;she also made a comparison between arunjaitley and kejriwal in terms of their contributions so far, saying the finance minister had written his name in golden letters in history with his dedication and work.
;;0.4019;;refuting the allegations, arunjaitley had filed a defamation suit against kejriwal and other aam aadmi party leaders.
;;-0.1027;;finance minister arunjaitley took to facebook to hit back at rahul, saying the more he hears him, the more he wonders how much does he know and when will he know while home minister rajnath singh accused him of misleading the parliament over the naga peace accord.
;;0.0;;the proposal to come out with a new law on the black money was mooted by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley allocated rs 35,983.
;;0.0;;it is not a manufactured revolt as finance minister arunjaitley described.
;;0.0;;both inside and outside parliament, finance minister arunjaitley and external affairs minister sushma swaraj have maintained that the only option is to proceed with the extradition of lalit modi, congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala told the media on friday.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley called a media conference within hours of the news break.
;;-0.5563;;now, this could have been the most disturbing news for moody's, whose upgrade decision came much before arunjaitley spoke his mind in singapore.
;;0.7579;;finance minister arunjaitley has defended chief economic advisor saying his advice to the government from time to time has been of great value.
;;-0.6486;;delhi govt inquiry report on ddca has no mention of jaitleynew delhi, dec 27, 2015, (pti) 14:53 ista delhi government inquiry report on the affairs of the capital's cricket body ddca does not even mention the name of union finance minister arunjaitley who has been under opposition attack over the alleged irregularities during his tenure as its chief.
;;-0.6433;;without any mention of arunjaitley anywhere in the report, the committee made host of observations about alleged irregularities by ddca which include construction of the corporate boxes without prior approval of the authorities and complaints of forgery in age-verification certificates.
;;-0.1027;;new delhi, dec 23, 2015 (pti) 18:58 istbjp mp and former cricketer kirti azad was today suspended by party chief amit shah for publicly targeting finance minister arunjaitley with allegations of irregularities in delhi's cricket body ddca.
;;0.4019;;azad had defied the party chief and went ahead with a press conference on sunday highlighting corruption allegations linked to the delhi and district cricket association(ddca) of which arunjaitley was the president for 13 years till 2013.
;;0.0772;;the bjp mp, who has been backed by former india cricket captain bishen singh bedi and sulking bjp mp shatrughan sinha, followed up the presser with an open dare on social media and barbs in parliament targeting arunjaitley , prompting the party to crack the whip.
;;-0.6124;;though azad has been unrelenting in his attack, arunjaitley has chosen not to proceed against him even as he dragged delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aam aadmi party (aap) leaders, slapping civil and criminal defamation suits against them in the delhi high court and the patiala house court.
;;0.0;;but even the appointment of finance minister arunjaitley to oversee the campaign while he is writing this month's national budget may not be enough.
;;0.0;;the raid had stoked a clash between the two with kejriwal alleging that it was meant to seize some files purportedly containing details of alleged corruption in ddca when finance minister arunjaitley was its president between 1999 and 2013.
;;-0.296;;the meeting, chaired by bjp president nitin gadkari and attended by senior leaders, including arunjaitley , felt that there should be no harakiri or ruffled feathers and the exit of yeddyurappa, if needed, should be a smooth affair.
;;0.6369;;ready to talk to cong on gst: jaitleynew delhi, nov 5, 2015, dhns: 2:19 istfinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said introduction of the goods and services tax (gst), is only a question of time and he is ready to meet congress leaders to resolve a parliamentary deadlock.
;;0.0;;he said if a jpc probe is held in the ddcas financial irregularities when bjp leader arunjaitley was its president, then bjp mp kirti azad should also be included in the jpc probe committee.
;;0.0;;while the cbi claimed the raid was to probe alleged corruption by a bureaucrat and kejriwal aide rajendra kumar, the chief minister claimed the searches were meant to scan files allegedly containing details of alleged corruption in ddca when finance minister arunjaitley was its head for over a decade till 2013.
;;-0.6124;;denying any cover-up in the probe, he submitted that the panel was set up to probe the scam on the suggestion of finance minister arunjaitley , who wanted the inquiry to be free from interference of the board of control for cricket in india (bcci).
;;0.0;;a bench of justices t s thakur and f m i kalifullah, which resumed hearing on the mudgal panel report, took exception at sibal naming arunjaitley as he was not represented.
;;0.0;;you are repeatedly naming arunjaitley , who is not represented here.
;;-0.4404;;newspapers register 8 pc growth in indianew delhi: dec 30, 2015, dhns 0:41 istunion finance minister arunjaitley has expressed dissatisfaction with the coverage of news in media, saying the dividing line between news and opinion has weakened much amid shrill debates on televisions channels.
;;0.0926;;winter session of lok sabha ends, 13 bills passed amid dinnew delhi, dec 23, 2015, (pti) 15:29 istthe winter session of lok sabha came to an end today after passing 13 bills despite persistent uproar created by opposition congress over various issues, including certain allegations against finance minister arunjaitley in connections with ddca affairs.
;;-0.1513;;ddca row: bjp must listen to its allies at times, says senamumbai, dec 26, 2015, (pti) 14:07 istasserting that finance minister arunjaitley is suffering the backlash of backing arvind kejriwal during his anti-corruption movement against congress alongwith anna hazare, the shiv sena today said the bjp should at times listen to its ally, which had opposed any sort of support to the aap leader then.
;;0.0;;5 crore will be assessed 50:50 between the centre and the states, arunjaitley added.
;;0.0;;cabinet defers decision on 3p india institutionnew delhi, mar 4, 2015 (pti) 21:10 istthe union cabinet today deferred a decision on setting up of rs 500-crore institution 3p india as finance minister arunjaitley was not in town.
;;-0.4019;;in his 2014 budget, arunjaitley sought to set up the 3p india to address various various problems being faced by the ppp projects.
;;-0.3338;;finance minister arunjaitley promised the states to compensate their entire revenue losses for the next three years and also agreed on the most contentious demand of leaving petroleum products in the hands of states.
;;-0.1779;;the reporter also asked arunjaitley if raje would resign and why prime minister modi is silent on the issue, and will dushyant be expelled from the party.
;;0.0;;in a memorandum to union finance minister arunjaitley , the kcma has sought an immediate roll back of this duty.
;;0.7783;;finance minister arunjaitley described vajpayee as my guide and mentor and said: may god bless him with good health.
;;-0.6808;;new delhi, dec 21, 2015, pti: 15:43 istunion finance minister arunjaitley today filed a criminal defamation complaint against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other leaders of aap for allegedly defaming him in the ddca controversy before a delhi court which took cognizance on his plea.
;;0.128;;senior advocate siddharth luthra, who appeared for arunjaitley , told the court that the accused aam aadmi party (aap) leaders have made completely baseless and defamatory allegations against the finance minister regarding alleged financial irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
;;0.0;;mr. arunjaitley has not drawn a single penny from the ddca.
;;0.2023;;during the 35-minute long hearing, arunjaitley and various other top leaders of bjp, including union ministers m venkaiah naidu, j p nadda, smriti irani, dharmendra pradhan, piyush goyal and rajyavardhan singh rathore were present in the court.
;;-0.296;;besides kejriwal, arunjaitley has filed the complaint against aap leaders -- kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh, raghav chadha and deepak bajpai -- for their alleged defamatory remarks.
;;0.0;;luthra told the court that they have made defamatory statements against arunjaitley not only in a press conference but also on their twitter accounts.
;;-0.296;;during the hearing, luthra said that these aap leaders have made false allegations regarding arunjaitley about his alleged association with a firm, 21st century media pvt ltd.neither arunjaitley nor any of his family members have any connections with 21st century media pvt ltd. records of registrar of companies can be summoned to see that arunjaitley has no connection whatsoever with this firm, he said.
;;0.128;;luthra argued that these leaders had deliberately and with a malafide design made false allegations regarding arunjaitley to create an impression that money has been siphoned.
;;-0.7845;;these defamatory statements have damaged the reputation of arunjaitley and have caused irreversible damage to him, the lawyer said.
;;-0.4767;;cong protests over arunjaitley forces two adjourns in rsnew delhi, dec 22, 2015, (pti) 13:58 istcongress today continued to press for the resignation of finance minister arunjaitley in rajya sabha over alleged irregularities in delhi cricket body ddca for the second day, forcing two adjournments before noon.
;;-0.0772;;soon after the papers were laid, deputy chairman p j kurien disallowed kumari selja (cong) from raising the issue of a ruling bjp mp levelling serious allegations against arunjaitley over the functioning of ddca.
;;-0.6808;;bjp mp azad, who has been leading a campaign against finance minister arunjaitley on alleged corruption in the ddca, was yesterday suspended by the party which charged him for anti-party activities and accused him of colluding with congress and aap to bring it into disrepute.
;;-0.6486;;the action of the bjp parliamentary board to suspend him from the party's primary membership with immediate effect came three days after his press conference attacking arunjaitley and subsequent acts of defiance both inside and outside parliament.
;;0.0;;while finance minister arunjaitley briefed the mps about de-regulation of diesel prices, jan dhan yojana and coal and gas pricing, rural development minister nitin gadkari made a presentation on the initiative under which a mp is expected to identify a village and turn it into a model village.
;;-0.4588;;javadekar also attacked delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal after the latter asked finance minister arunjaitley to cooperate with the commission of inquiry ordered by his government into the affairs of ddca.
;;0.0516;;in varanasi, arunjaitley to reach out to trading communityvaranasi, mar 3, 2017, dhns: 0:59 istthe bjp has deployed finance minister arunjaitley to reach out to the trading community in prime minister narendra modis constituency of varanasi.
;;0.5574;;hrithik kiran bagade bengaluru: feb 2, 2017, dhns 2:33 istthe announcements made by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech, meant to boost transport infrastructure in the country, have been hailed by industry players.
;;0.6478;;to make this scheme more attractive, arunjaitley proposed certain changes.
;;-0.5574;;in the 2017-18 budget, arunjaitley had proposed to ban cash transactions of over rs 3 lakh.
;;0.0258;;finance minister arunjaitley in the 2016-17 budget has proposed that 60 per cent of withdrawal from contribution to epf made after april 1 this year will be subject to tax.
;;0.4767;;govt to give entire black money list to sc todaynew delhi, oct 28, 2014, dhns: 0:52 istjaitley mum on whether names will be made publicresponding to the supreme courts directive to the centre to disclose names of all the account holders in the black money case, union finance minister arunjaitley put up a brave face, saying that the government has no problem in disclosing the names.
;;0.128;;the aam aadmi party has accused finance minister arunjaitley , who for years headed the ddca, of corruption in the cricketing board.
;;0.4939;;on the other hand, the ruling tmc is trying to chart out its (own) course, arunjaitley added referring to the other major political force in bengal.
;;0.1027;;the rs 1,300 crore aeronautical test range (atr) set up in chitradurga in karnataka for testing unmanned and manned aircraft being developed locally, would be inaugurated by defence minister arunjaitley tomorrow.
;;-0.7184;;defeat in delhi polls will not slow down eco reforms: jaitleynew delhi, feb 12, 2015 (pti) 15:56 istthe defeat of the bjp in the delhi assembly elections will not slow down the pace of economic reforms, finance minister arunjaitley asserted today.
;;0.34;;jaitley's car separated from convoy on way to dalmiya's housekolkata, sept 26, 2015, (pti) 17:33 ista communication gap between kolkata police and security accompanying union finance minister arunjaitley today led his car to be separated from the convoy on way to former bcci president jagmohan dalmiya's house in the city.
;;0.0;;the convoy began journey from n s c bose international airport after arunjaitley boarded his car on way to dalmiya's house to meet his family members, a senior city police officer said.
;;0.6486;;finance minister arunjaitley had personal meetings with congress leaders sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and manmohan singh as he invited them for his daughters wedding, to ensure congress support for the smooth conduct of parliament.
;;0.4019;;presenting the first general budget of the nda government, arunjaitley on thursday announced that tumkur will have one of the three industrial smart cities to be developed in the proposed chennai-bangalore industrial corridor region.
;;0.4404;;road transport sector open to private playersajith athrady new delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns 0:47 istaiming to provide better public transport system, finance minister arunjaitley on monday said road transport sector will be opened to private sector and entrepreneurs will be able to operate buses on various routes.
;;0.0516;;finance minister arunjaitley had hit back at the congress saying it would be embarrassed if the list of black money holders was made public as a big name from the opposition party figured in it.
;;0.0;;there are reports that the big name referred to by arunjaitley was a minister in the upa government.
;;-0.2732;;finance minister arunjaitley explained that the restriction was essentially to draw investors towards pooling pension fund.
;;0.128;;it is learnt that arunjaitley has informally conveyed to leaders of major political parties what the proposal was all about to sort out confusion prevailing since last afternoons announcement in the lok sabha.
;;0.2263;;referring to her plea for an immediate release of rs 2,000 crore made with union finance minister arunjaitley here on sunday to sustain the vigour of restoration operations, she urged the prime minister to instruct the finance ministry to expedite its release.
;;0.3818;;the follow-up actions to minimise the costs and maximise the benefits include fast, demand-driven remonetisation, (and) further tax reforms, the survey, presented in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley , said.
;;0.802;;he, however, thanked finance minister arunjaitley for accepting his recommendation on removing import duty on braille paper which will help the visually impaired.
;;0.5994;;in a joint press conference, singh, along with finance minister arunjaitley announced additional package of rs 2,437 crore for jammu and kashmir to help it in relief and rehabilitation works after last year's floods caused huge damage to people and property in the state.
;;0.2732;;finance minister arunjaitley had in budget 2015-16 proposed to levy a swachh bharat cess of up to 2 per cent on all or certain services, if need arises.
;;-0.765;;new delhi, mar 25, 2017, (pti) 17:11 istdelhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders were today put on trial in a criminal defamation case filed by union minister arunjaitley in the ddca controversy, amid chaotic scenes in a court room here.
;;-0.3612;;advocates from both the sides indulged in a heated argument over non-appearance of arunjaitley after chief metropolitan magistrate (cmm) sumit dass started the proceedings.
;;-0.4215;;a civil defamation suit has also been filed by arunjaitley before the delhi high court in the matter seeking rs 10 crore as damages.
;;0.0;;road building gets priority with rs 97k crnew delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns 0:45 istfinance minister arunjaitley has announced an outlay of rs 97,000 crore for building national highways and rural roads.
;;0.0;;in his budget speech, union finance minister arunjaitley stated the project would cost rs 4,200 crore and take six years to complete.
;;0.0;;three of the five players -- sudhindra, mishra and bali -- attended the meeting today to present their points of view before the panel whose other members are board vice-presidents arunjaitley and niranjan shah.
;;0.8625;;improvements will bring in visitors, says tourism sectorhrithik kiran bagade, feb 28, 2015, dhns: bengaluru: 3:02 istthe tourism sector was in glee on saturday, as finance minster minister arunjaitley earmarked a set of heritage sites to be improved in the country.
;;-0.8442;;however, finance minister arunjaitley dismissed the allegation against katheria that there were 27 criminal cases against him including one of attempt to murder.
;;0.3818;;new delhi: july 31, 2015, dhns 2:00 istfinance minister arunjaitley said it was to the credit of indias highest judiciary that it chose to hear the plea of mumbai blast convict yakub memon at 3 am on thursday.
;;0.0;;the budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley once again shows a disconnect with the economic survey.
;;0.5267;;the cabinet secretary will receive an emolument of rs 2,50,000 a month, according to the recommendations of the commission headed by justice a k mathur, which was submitted to finance minister arunjaitley late on thursday.
;;0.0;;last year, finance minister arunjaitley had called for reconsideration of the 2013 supreme court ruling that held homosexuality, under section 377 of the indian penal code, illegal.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in the budget for 2015-16 had announced that he would look at reducing corporation tax from the current 30  to 25  in the next four years.
;;0.3818;;maintain confidentiality in gst regimenew delhi: dh news service, may 9 2017, 0:20 istfinance minister arunjaitley all india tax advocates forum (aitaf) has urged finance minister arunjaitley to ensure confidentiality of the details furnished by the assesses with the tax authorities under the new tax regime of the goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendra modi wanted to relieve finance minister arunjaitley of the additional charge of defence.
;;-0.5423;;this was long overdue, and the economic slowdown post-demonetisation made it necessary that arunjaitley concentrated on addressing the economic woes confronting the country.
;;0.0;;but arunjaitley was unwilling to relent.
;;0.4939;;addressing a press conference to highlight the achievements of narendra modi government in its first year, finance minister arunjaitley termed the land and gst bills as government's top priorities for the coming year, saying decisiveness even in the face of obstructionism is the hallmark of this regime.
;;-0.4767;;suspended bjp mp kirti azad too alleged there were financial irregularities in the ddca when arunjaitley was at its helm.
;;-0.2023;;finance minister arunjaitley explained the government's stand on the jnu row and spoke about the slogans and posters related to the controversial event, calling them highly objectionable.
;;0.1779;;jaitley slams congress on ishrat jahan casenew delhi: march 9, 2016, dhns: 1:41 istfinance minister arunjaitley on tuesday targeted the congress on the ishrat jahan case, accusing it of unbaring the entire security apparatus to fix a leader narendra modi.
;;0.3612;;intervening in the debate in the rajya sabha on the motion of thanks to the presidents speech, arunjaitley also countered opposition criticism of the government on issues like intolerance and foreign policy even as he sought their cooperation, saying it is not the time when one needs an obstructive environment.
;;0.4767;;leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad countered arunjaitley , saying intelligence agencies are not sacrosanct.
;;-0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley had met shah and the prime minister on friday and discussed the party's strategy in view of the opposition's relentless attack on raje.
;;0.0;;we will soon meet finance minister arunjaitley to draw his attention towards it.
;;0.0;;in the 2016-17 budget, arunjaitley had proposed public listing of public sector general insurance entities.
;;-0.3818;;kharge hits back at arunjaitley over parliament session washoutbengaluru, dec 24 , 2015, pti: 19:59 isthitting back at union finance minister arunjaitley who blamed congress for the washout of parliament session, leader of the opposition party in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge today said people who don't believe in nehru's philosophy have no right to talk about his legacy.
;;0.1779;;on arunjaitley criticising the language used by delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, kharge said, bjp is indirectly responsible for the creation of kejriwal.
;;0.6705;;not willing to react on reports that bjp's margdarshak mandal is seeking inquiry against arunjaitley on ddca row following the suspension of party mp kirti azad, kharge said it was an internal matter of their party.
;;0.0;;replying to the bill in the house, finance minister arunjaitley sought to address the concerns of the manufacturing states, saying taxes on manufactured goods will be brought down from as high as 30  at present.
;;-0.0516;;modis comments on swamy assume significance in the context of finance minister arunjaitley and the bjp distancing themselves from his recent rants on rajan and other bureaucrats, including chief economic adviser arvind subramanian and economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das.
;;0.128;;in delhi, finance minister arunjaitley met prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah to discuss the legal implications and the political fallout of the controversy.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns 2:36 istheralding massive reforms in electoral funding, finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said donations to political parties above rs 2,000 will have to be made either by cheque or digital mode of payment.
;;0.34;;this reform will bring about greater transparency and accountability in political funding, while preventing future generation of black money, arunjaitley stated.
;;0.0;;he said that this and some other policy tweaks may be expected in the budget to be presented by finance minister arunjaitley on february 29.
;;-0.4019;;jaitley slams cong for hurting economy, in power and as oppnnew delhi, nov 23, 2014, pti: 19:16 istfinance minister arunjaitley today praised prime minister narendra modi for his successful three-nation visit and the work of his cabinet colleagues while attacking congress, accusing it of damaging the economy both while in government and in opposition.
;;0.6486;;india's food security programme has been protected from the imperfection of the bali draft as a result of the indo-us arrangement, arunjaitley wrote.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had some time back hinted at a possible consensus on the issues.
;;0.1531;;dr singh also said arunjaitley met him to invite him for his daughters wedding.
;;0.0;;alleging political vendetta, kejriwal said the agency checked files in his office to scan a probe report of an inquiry he ordered against the corruption-riddled delhi district cricket association in which finance minister arunjaitley has served as an office bearer for many years.
;;0.0;;the reverberations were also felt in parliament with arunjaitley clarifying that the cbi action was targeted at the 49-year-old ias officer for his alleged corrupt acts during the years preceding kejriwals tenure as chief minister.
;;0.0;;the issue was discussed again yesterday at a meeting with finance minister arunjaitley and karnataka higher education minister basavaraja rayareddi.
;;0.5106;;new delhi, jan 13, 2016, dhns: 1:25 istseek budget estimations and allocations to the schemeover 100 prominent citizens, academicians, economists, editors, social activists and artists, have written to finance minister arunjaitley , urging him to accord the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act (mgnrega) programme the highest priority.
;;0.7269;;an open letter addressed to arunjaitley on providing time bound and adequate budgetary support to the mgnrega has been signed by personalities like aruna roy, girish karnad, n ram, nirmala laxman, jayati ghosh, abhijit sen, t m krishna, shailesh gandhi, e a s sarma, romila thapar, kuldip nayar, achin vanaik, and jean dreze among others.
;;0.128;;finance minister arunjaitley emphasised that the government would take action on the illicit fund menace and said government offered a reward in exchange for information to falciani.
;;0.2023;;they also raised their pitch for expediting the introduction of the goods and services tax (gst) in the meeting attended by finance minister arunjaitley , senior cabinet ministers, top policy-makers and bankers led by reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan.
;;0.2177;;it is a big opportunity for india as the cost of building infrastructure is going to be far less due to lower prices of coal, steel, cement and other commodities, arunjaitley quoted the prime minister as saying.
;;0.3818;;kejri hints at more raidsnew delhi, dec 18, 2015, dhns: 1:18 istdelhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has expressed fears of more cbi raids against opposition parties after the aam aadmi party (aap) posed five questions to union finance minister arunjaitley over financial irregularities in delhi cricket body.
;;0.0;;he also maintained that arunjaitley was the brain behind the raid so that the probe agency could read files related to an inquiry ordered by delhi government into wrongdoings in the delhi and district cricket association.
;;0.6705;;accusing arunjaitley of financial bunglings in ddca, aap leader ashutosh said the association allowed a private firm 21st century to sub-lease 10 corporate boxes at feroz shah kotla stadium, and claimed the firm owned by a friend of arunjaitley was extended financial benefit to the tune of over rs 5 crore for the deal.
;;0.296;;the aap also called arunjaitley a master of half truth and beautiful lies and accused him of not revealing the full facts in his blog about a probe panel clearing him of wrongdoings.
;;-0.4588;;aap leaders also alleged that the web of corruption around arunjaitley stretched to hockey india chief narendra batra and threatened to spill the beans on saturday.
;;0.2263;;the mpc, exactly a year-old now, has not given in to the clamour of finance minister arunjaitley , industrialists and their lobbies, and the banks for an interest rate cut.
;;-0.0772;;kejriwal also launched a fresh attack on finance minister arunjaitley , saying he had misled parliament by saying that the cbi did not raid the chief minister's office.
;;-0.5719;;in the run-up to the elections, union finance minister arunjaitley had alleged that the aap was caught red-handed in receiving dubious funds from companies that did not have any business, and accused its leadership of adopting diversionary tactics to deflect attention.
;;0.0;;though he said he was only referring to the events of 1933 in germany, arunjaitley was apparently citing similarities to actions during indira gandhi's regime when it was said 'indira is india, india is indira'.
;;0.1027;;no law can ensure to maintain this, arunjaitley added.
;;-0.4019;;talking about repealing of the fundamental right to own and acquire property in 1970s, arunjaitley urged members to ponder over whether one should be transient in thinking and be overswayed and tinker with the fundamental rights as the same issue had come back to haunt during the discussion on land bill.
;;-0.1548;;amid doubts being raised over the circumstances of singh's death, finance minister arunjaitley has also favoured a very fair inquiry into the matter.
;;0.5994;;bulk of black money still in india: jaitleynew delhi, oct 05, 2015, dhns 1:36 istfm outlines measures to check itafter a clampdown on overseas unaccounted wealth and assets, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday said the bulk of black money is still within india.
;;0.0;;the government has been working with various authorities to incentivise this change, said arunjaitley in a facebook post.
;;0.296;;all facts, including facts in relation to certain entities which have been named, i am not consciously using those names because these matters are under investigation, arunjaitley noted.
;;-0.0772;;so i am therefore both in law and at the matter of propriety constrained from placing the details of those investigations, arunjaitley noted.
;;-0.6486;;ed should probe jaitley: kirti azadnew delhi, june 23, 2015, dhns: 1:37 istformer india cricketer and bjp mp kirti azad has demanded a probe against union finance minister arunjaitley and other bcci members for foreign exchange violations during the ipl t20 season two league.
;;0.5719;;but, arunjaitley , who is official tour of the united states, insisted in washinton that lalit modi's rs 11 crore transaction with raje's son dushyant singh was a commercial one.
;;-0.7783;;jaitley running away from probe, misinterpreting report: aapnew delhi, dec 27, 2015, pti: 19:23 istcontinuing its attack on union finance minister arunjaitley , the aap today accused him of running away from probe and challenged him to face an inquiry by an independent agency into charges of corruption in delhi's cricket body, ddca.
;;0.5106;;the party also said arunjaitley and bjp are misinterpreting the findings of the three-member committee, constituted by the delhi government to look into the charges of corruption in delhi & district cricket association (ddca), and trying to project that the report gives arunjaitley a clean chit.
;;-0.4404;;earlier in the day, the bjp demanded a public apology from kejriwal for levelling allegations against arunjaitley regarding delhi & district cricket association (ddca), saying a report of the city government has found no evidence against the finance minister.
;;0.0;;the aap also fielded ashutosh, deepak bajpai -- one of the leaders sued by arunjaitley for defamation -- to counter the bjp's claims.
;;0.0;;why is arunjaitley running away from enquiry and investigation.
;;-0.5719;;stung by the caustic remarks of finance minister arunjaitley , who had on monday wondered whether the congress' guest list was influenced by its depleting fortunes, the congress hit back at the government, accusing it of acting petty and trying to stop the conference from taking place.
;;0.34;;union finance minister arunjaitley in his budget 2014-15 speech had said that the requirement of the built-up area and capital conditions for fdi is being reduced from 50,000 sq mt to 20,000 sq mt and from $10 million to $5 million respectively.
;;0.1531;;jaitley meets rahul, sets off gst buzznew delhi, nov 19, 2015, dhns: 1:04 istunion finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday met congress vice president rahul gandhi to invite him to his daughters wedding.
;;-0.5423;;govt stubborn on gst: chidambaramnew delhi, jan 2, 2016, dhns 1:01 istdays after finance minister arunjaitley blamed the congress for holding back reforms and raising fresh issues with gst bill, the main opposition party on friday hit back saying it was stubborn and unbending attitude of the government which obstructed the passage of gst and many other reform legislations.
;;0.0;;globalisation, tech driving change in practice of law: jaitleybengaluru, july 24, 2016, dhns 23:42 istunion finance minister arunjaitley said on saturday that when he was a student of law, it was considered the last option for a degree.
;;0.7096;;4  in capital expenditure announced by finance minister arunjaitley reflects the governments intent to reinvigorate the growth cycle.
;;0.5574;;according to sources, the informal cabinet committee headed by finance minster arunjaitley disapproved of the proposal of the wcd ministry to only appoint retired judges of the supreme court or the high court as the chairman of the ncw.
;;-0.2023;;railways seeks rs 32k cr for 7th pay panelnew delhi, jan 2, 2016, dhns: 1:21 istrailway minister suresh prabhu has written to finance minister arunjaitley seeking rs 32,000 crore during the next three to four years for implementing the seventh pay commission recommendations.
;;0.6597;;new delhi/mangalore, jan 3,dhns: 23:28 istsenior leader arunjaitley to attend state executive meet in bloreshobha, a close confidante of yeddyurappa, met party national president nitin gadkari and opposition leader in rajya sabha arunjaitley here on tuesday and discussed the party affairs in the state.
;;0.0;;senior leader arunjaitley will attend the state executive meeting to be held in bangalore soon, and later gadkari will also visit the state to address the partys senior leaders who are at loggerheads.
;;0.4019;;at a time when the ruling party is about to face a series of state assembly elections this year and early next year and has to face the general elections by mid-2019, finance minister arunjaitley has tried to perform a balancing act in his budget for 2018-19, addressing the ruling establishment's political needs while not letting public finance slip out of control.
;;-0.836;;cong attacks arunjaitley on commercial transaction remarknew delhi, jun 23, 2015 (pti) 18:46 istcong attacks arunjaitley on commercial transaction remarkcongress today remained unrelenting in its attack on finance minister arunjaitley over his alleged remark in the us that the deal between rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje's son and former ipl chief lalit modi was a commercial transaction.
;;-0.1027;;besides, the senior congress spokesman alleged that arunjaitley has also given clean chit to external affairs minister sushma swaraj despite her act of gross impropriety.
;;-0.0772;;the party had yesterday attacked arunjaitley with leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad saying, it is a clear-cut cover-up.
;;0.128;;while bjp chief amit shah refused to comment on the episode, finance minister arunjaitley gave a clean chit to leaders involved in the controversy.
;;-0.6124;;surjewala also accused finance minister arunjaitley of virtually dictating the verdict to the rajya sabha chairman by dubbing the impeachment motion submitted by 64 members of the upper house of parliament as a revenge petition.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley , who presented the budget before the lok sabha on wednesday, proposed to raise the allocation for the sectors from rs 1,51,115 crore in 2016-17 to rs 1,87,223 crore in 2017-18.
;;-0.2023;;the prime minister's comments assume significance in the context of finance minister arunjaitley and the bjp distancing themselves from swamy's recent attacks on rajan, cea arvind subramananian and economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das.
;;0.0;;swamy also had made some carping comments about arunjaitley without taking his name.
;;0.4939;;cong puts govt on tenterhooks; seeks fresh date for gst talksnew delhi, dec 14, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istthe congress on monday kept the modi government on tenterhooks over the goods and services tax (gst) bill by deferring discussions with finance minister arunjaitley to resolve the standoff on the issue.
;;0.6808;;the saffron party also hit out at ncp supremo sharad pawar apparently over hosting finance minister arunjaitley in his hometowm baramati last week.
;;0.0;;singh, finance minister arunjaitley , urban development minister m venkaiah naidu and transport minister nitin gadkari were present at the meeting.
;;0.6124;;government had yesterday said that it will take a measured and responsible decision on the issue, with union finance minister arunjaitley making it clear that the decision of the government in the matter will not be based on the opinions of individuals.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi, feb 28, 2015 (pti) 13:06 istfinance minister arunjaitley today pegged fiscal deficit for 2015-16 at 3.
;;0.8779;;as these efforts would start yielding results in the next few years, arunjaitley exuded confidence that india would enter a phase of double digit growth from what he hoped a eight per cent growth this year.
;;0.128;;5 per cent this year, arunjaitley in response to a question said the feeling in india is this is not our real potential.
;;-0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley denied cbi raided kejriwal and said the target was the officer who was attached to his office.
;;-0.1027;;continuing the trend set by his predecessors, finance minister arunjaitley today came down heavily on smokers and tobacco consumers by imposing up to 15 per cent excise duty on all tobacco products.
;;0.4588;;soft drinks and mineral water will also be dearer as arunjaitley proposed to hike excise duty on water including mineral water, aerated water containing added sugar or sweetening matter to 21 per cent from 18 per cent earlier.
;;-0.0516;;availing of legal services through senior advocates or legal firms will cost more as such activity will no longer be exempted from service tax with arunjaitley proposing a levy of 14 per cent.
;;-0.25;;low cost houses will also become even more affordable as arunjaitley did away with service tax on construction services on dwelling units not exceeding 60 square metres under pradhan mantri awas yojana and any housing scheme of state government.
;;0.6124;;dh news service, new delhi, jun 2 2017, 0:36 istsome slowdown visible prior to note banfinance minister arunjaitley on thursday sought to play down the fall in economic growth, attributing it more to global factors such as shrinking trade and increasing protectionism.
;;-0.5574;;while presenting the budget on february 1, finance minister arunjaitley had proposed to make any cash transaction beyond rs 3 lakh as illegal with effect from april this year.
;;0.0;;while defending the move to make amendments, arunjaitley invoked the first lok sabha speaker g v mavalankar.
;;0.0;;as arunjaitley moved the finance bill for discussion, n k premanchandran (rsp) said the government is pushing the amendments to the house and not following the rules.
;;0.7845;;govt to focus on heritage sites to boost tourismnew delhi: feb 28, 2015, dhns: 2:57 istfinance minister arunjaitley on saturday promised to clean up the core of varanasi  the lok sabha constituency of the prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.1779;;finance minister arunjaitley introduced 'the undisclosed foreign income and assets (imposition of tax) bill, 2015,' proposing that it would come into effect from april 1, 2016.
;;0.0;;the proposal to come out with a new law on the black money was announced by arunjaitley in his budget speech last month.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: nov 10, 2015, dhns 1:39 istdismissing apprehensions that bjps defeat in bihar will be a setback to economy, finance minister arunjaitley on monday said that the reforms programme will continue and that the government will go ahead with the process of enacting goods and services tax (gst) law.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has explained the position.
;;0.1531;;recently, finance minister arunjaitley signaled the government's displeasure over the regulators being less accountable than politicians, saying it was peculiar only to the indian system of governance.
;;-0.4767;;shourie's comments personal: jaitleynew delhi: oct 29, 2015, dhns 1:30 isttwo days after former nda minister arun shouries sharp attack on the modi government, finance minister arunjaitley describes it as individual reaction made for purely personalised reason.
;;0.2235;;i dont think critics really say that, these are individual reactions for purely personalised reasons, arunjaitley commented.
;;-0.4588;;congress yesterday attacked arunjaitley with leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad saying, it is a clear-cut cover-up.
;;0.0;;in his budget speech, arunjaitley proposed leveraging information technology and launching swayam  indias own massive online and open courses (moocs) platform with at least 350 online courses to start with.
;;-0.3612;;azad, who has continued to attack finance minister arunjaitley over the ddca affairs, said the ddca is cricket matter and has no relation with party.
;;-0.2732;;as arunjaitley chose to be the ddca president, he was opening himself to all associated risks that are entitled in running an organisation and that he could not claim the shield of party position if he got implicated in any mismanagement, fraud and irregularity, azad said in his reply.
;;-0.296;;finance minister arunjaitley had no compunction in mixing politics with economics.
;;0.144;;new delhi, dec 30, 2015, (pti): 13:52 istsuspended bjp mp kirti azad today targetted more politicians, including party mp and bcci secretary anurag thakur, involved in cricket governance and claimed the sfio probe report had recommended prosecution of finance minister arunjaitley in the ddca affairs.
;;-0.5023;;at a press conference here, azad quoted from the report of serious fraud investigation office, which had gone into the delhi cricket body affairs, to claim that it had recommended prosecution of arunjaitley among others but it has not been done in the last three years.
;;0.0;;27 executive members, including arunjaitley , were not assigned any role.
;;0.0;;24 of them including arunjaitley did not compound.
;;0.0;;hitting back at arunjaitley who had called him a trojan horse, he said, these were the trojan horses who did not let it come.
;;-0.5994;;bjp has charged him with anti-party activities over his consistent attack on arunjaitley over the alleged financial irregularities in the ddca when he headed it.
;;-0.7269;;ptirastriya janata dal mp ram jethmalanis criticism against finance minister arunjaitley in the rajya sabha on tuesday on black money gave anxious moments for bjp members who protested in the house demanding an apology from him.
;;0.1027;;a compromise was reached after an over hour-long meeting between finance minister arunjaitley and finance ministers of seven states, including punjab, haryana, gujarat, tamil nadu, maharashtra, karnataka, and jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7003;;the witness statement came into circulation just hours after finance minister arunjaitley backed swaraj saying whatever she had done was in good faith and bona fide.
;;-0.5264;;jaitley not happy with wb's india rankingnew delhi, nov 2, 2015, dhns: 0:32 ist'ease of doing biz' position should have gone up: fmfinance minister arunjaitley on sunday expressed dissatisfaction with indias 12-rank jump in the world banks ease of doing business index, saying it should have gone up significantly higher than what was pegged at given the number of steps taken by the narendra modi government in the last 17 months.
;;0.0;;he also sought the sacking of finance minister arunjaitley over corruption in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) during the latters tenure in office.
;;0.6705;;let modi sack arunjaitley and prove his innocence before the commission of inquiry, kejriwal said, adding that his governments aim is to improve cricket.
;;0.0;;india becomes the highest fdi destination for greenfield projects, arunjaitley tweeted.
;;-0.5267;;congress has accused arunjaitley of doing a clear-cut cover-up on the entire issue and of influencing the enforcement directorate (ed) probe in dushyant singh and modi's case.
;;0.1179;;finance minister arunjaitley admits that the budget has not created job.
;;-0.2732;;arun arunjaitley was thinking of countrys fiscal health, even at the risk of annoying those who control the bhartiya janata party (bjp).
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 1 had announced the scrapping of the inter- ministerial body, which comes under the ministry's department of economic affairs.
;;0.1436;;visiting us treasury secretary jack lew minced no words in conveying that he expected finance minister arunjaitley to announce fewer subsidies in the budget to be presented on february 28, so that it does not distort the economy.
;;0.0;;lew was replying to a query at a joint press conference with arunjaitley at the end of the 5th indo-us economic and financial partnership meeting here.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley will present the general budget on february 29.
;;0.0;;the survey was tabled by finance minister arunjaitley in parliament today.
;;-0.7351;;cong targets arunjaitley over ddca, demands resignationnew delhi, dec 16, 2015 (pti) 18:53 istcongress today targeted finance minister arunjaitley and demanded his resignation over alleged gross financial irregularities in delhi's cricket body ddca when he headed it from 1999 to 2013.
;;-0.128;;congress fielded its top parliamentary leaders to launch the attack on arunjaitley and the affairs of the ddca, a sec 25 non-profit company, and demand that he should step down because a fair probe was not possible as long as he was in office.
;;-0.5106;;congress demands that pending the completion of inquiry through a jpc, arunjaitley step down, failing which the prime minister should sack him, maken said at a press conference.
;;0.0;;maken said four persons in the ddca, who have been known for their proximity to arunjaitley have been named as officers in default by the registrar of companies in his order of august last year.
;;0.3182;;how can a fair probe into the issue is possible as long as arunjaitley is the finance minister, who is also the corporate affairs minister, he wondered.
;;0.4588;;why modi is media warynew delhi, aug 30, 2014, dhns: 1:28 istfinance minister arunjaitley has countered the suggestion that prime minister narendra modi could have avoided controversies like the one involving rumours concerning home minister rajnath singh and his son if his office had a better pr set-up.
;;-0.1531;;govt initiatives dampen industrial housesfeb 2, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:23 istrelief for smes as tax for cos with annual turnover up to rs 50 cr is reduced to 25 even as the budget was a big disappointment for large companies on the corporate tax front, finance minister arunjaitley sought to provide relief to the micro small and medium enterprises (msme) sector that was hit hard by demonetisation.
;;0.5106;;former congress mp undavalli arunkumar wrote to finance minister arunjaitley asking him to make public the list of those people who have declared their hitherto undeclared assets to clear the air.
;;0.5994;;modi chooses arunjaitley to handle govt imagenew delhi, nov 11, 2014, dhns 0:41 istpm wants his messages to reach people via air, ddprime minister narendra modi on monday asked finance minister arunjaitley to play the role of chief spokesperson of the government by giving him additional charge of the information and broadcasting (i&b) ministry.
;;-0.25;;initially, arunjaitley was reluctant to take up the additional role, saying he was busy with next years budget.
;;0.5267;;left to himself, arunjaitley would have preferred additional charge of the law and justice ministry, which was given to d v sadananda gowda after he was removed as railway minister to make way for suresh prabhu.
;;0.0;;but modi is understood to have persuaded arunjaitley to take up additional charge of the i&b ministry.
;;0.3612;;on two occasions, modi had asked arunjaitley to make mega announcements on fixing the price of natural gas and allocation of coal mines by auction.
;;0.3182;;the assignment for arunjaitley also underscores modi's move to strengthen the government's communication strategy, which first saw the prime ministers interaction with journalists for the first time and then with some editors recently.
;;-0.0772;;later in the day, as the congress and the aam aadmi party attacked modi for the cabinet reshuffle, arunjaitley defended his government.
;;-0.8316;;rejecting demands from the opposition in the lok sabha to postpone the presentation of the budget following the death of ahamed, speaker sumitra mahajan allowed finance minister arunjaitley to carry out the exercise saying it was a constitutional obligation.
;;0.5994;;amid the controversy, finance minister arunjaitley sought to indicate that it was the responsibility of the mea to decide on the issue of appealing to the supreme court to challenge the delhi high courts august 27, 2014 judgment quashing revocation of former ipl commissioners passport.
;;-0.4019;;going digital: no cash transaction above rs 3lfeb 2, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:11 istmerchant version of aadhaar enabled payment system to be launched shortlyin a major move to limit the use of cash in the economy and to promote more organised payments, finance minister arunjaitley proposed ban on cash payments above rs 3 lakh.
;;0.5859;;billing it as a major step to check corruption and tax evasion, arunjaitley in his budget speech said that the government has accepted a suggestion by the special investigation team on black money in this regard.
;;0.4019;;the party national general secretary arunjaitley is arriving in bangalore on friday evening to initiate the process of selecting the state president.
;;0.3182;;the petition was started by a finance professional from gurgaon, vaibhav aggarwal, and nearly 3,000 people have already supported his appeal to finance minister arunjaitley to immediately withdraw the decision to tax epf.
;;-0.6597;;the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, which seeks to end the liability of rbi and the government on the currency notes demonetised in november last, was introduced by finance minister arunjaitley amid stiff opposition by trinamool congress, which called it illegal and anti-national.
;;0.0;;roy then took a jibe at arunjaitley , saying the minister was not aware of the lok sabha rules as he was never its member.
;;0.7003;;union finance minister arunjaitley made a strong pitch for the denotification and promoting contract farming in his 2017-18 budget presented recently.
;;-0.4588;;finance minister arunjaitley has started arguing that confiscation of black money was not the objective of demonetisation, rather it was aimed at gathering data about unaccounted money to enable tax authorities to go after it.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley and rural development minister chaudhary birender singh on friday formally released the findings of the secc.
;;0.1027;;finance minister arunjaitley , who held the defence portfolio for a few months, has now made an allocation of rs 531 crore in the 2015-16 budget for the submarine pen, which may be named ins varsha, when commissioned.
;;-0.4588;;asked if the issue of suspension of azad from bjp after he attacked finance minister arunjaitley over alleged corruption in delhi cricket body came up for discussion, a veteran said, it should be obvious, considering the background of the meeting.
;;0.4019;;senior party leaders, including arunjaitley and home minister rajnath singh, had met advani later.
;;-0.7184;;cracking the whip yesterday, bjp suspended azad, who has been leading a campaign against arunjaitley on alleged corruption in ddca, charging him with anti-party activities and accusing him of colluding with congress and aap to bring it into disrepute.
;;-0.6486;;the action of the bjp parliamentary board to suspend him from the party's primary membership with immediate effect came three days after his press conference attacking arunjaitley and subsequent acts of defiance both inside and outside parliament.
;;0.0;;leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arunjaitley said that the bill will divide people on basis of religion.
;;-0.0516;;aap rebel leader kumar vishwas on monday apologised to finance minister arunjaitley for levelling allegations against him in connection with the functioning of delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
;;0.6369;;apology has been accepted by the plaintiff and this court and decree is passed in favour of arunjaitley and against kumar vishwas in terms of letter handed over today (monday), the high court said.
;;0.25;;in his letter to arunjaitley , the disgruntled aap leader said he made these allegations on the basis of kejriwal's assertions, which were endorsed by other leaders also.
;;0.1779;;kejriwal and four other aap leaders  raghav chadha, sanjay singh, ashutosh and deepak bajpai  had last month tendered an unequivocal apology to arunjaitley in the rs 10 crore defamation suit filed against them by the union minister.
;;0.2732;;however, as soon as minister of state for finance jayant singh started speaking, congress members stormed into the well, saying the debate should not be taken up today as arunjaitley was not present in the house.
;;0.4728;;parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said arunjaitley has gone to london for the unveiling of a statue of mahatma gandhi on the uk government's invite and if congress members do not want to speak on budget till he returns, members of other parties could speak today.
;;-0.0258;;in a music to the ears of investors and rating agencies, finance minister arunjaitley made it clear that the allocation will be cash-neutral and hence will not impact the fiscal deficit.
;;0.3182;;despite stiff opposition from the state governments, finance minister arunjaitley made a strong pitch for a model law on contract farming to integrate fruits and vegetables growing farmers with agro-processing units for reduction of post-harvest losses.
;;-0.9041;;new delhis tough stand on both ceasefire violations as well as export of terror from the neighbouring country was also clearly conveyed by finance minister arunjaitley , who told a tv news channel that india now had a new policy and pakistan will have to pay extremely severe cost if its actions resulted in killing of indians.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley called a media conference within hours of the news break.
;;-0.5563;;now, this could have been the most disturbing news for moody's, whose upgrade decision came much before arunjaitley spoke his mind in singapore.
;;-0.5267;;new delhi, dec 20, 2015 (pti) 21:36 isthitting back at delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal for making false and defamatory statements against him, union finance minister arunjaitley is slapping criminal and civil defamation cases against him and five other aap leaders in delhi courts tomorrow.
;;0.0;;kejriwal and the five aap leaders have publicly been making allegations against arunjaitley with regard to the ddca affairs although some of the allegations have gone beyond that.
;;0.25;;cong questions jaitley's blog post on herald casenew delhi, dec 12, 2015, dhns: 1:24 istthe congress on saturday questioned union finance minister arunjaitley over writing a blog on the national herald case, saying giving opinion amounts to influencing probe by income-tax sleuths.
;;-0.4939;;new delhi, nov 1, 2015 (pti) 15:33 istturning tables on congress and left thinkers, finance minister arunjaitley today accused them of practising ideological intolerance towards the bjp and prime minister narendra modi and trying to project india as an intolerant society through structured and organised propaganda.
;;0.0;;the conference which witnessed participation from ministers and bureaucrats from both the centre and state government, was inaugurated by finance minister arunjaitley and karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah.
;;0.7089;;speaking on the occasion, arunjaitley thanked the chief minister and the state government for being the most active member in the gst council.
;;0.0;;dattatreya said that to take labour unions on board, tripartite consultations are on and the prime minister has formed a ministerial committee headed by finance minister arunjaitley to address issues raised by them.
;;0.0;;boundaries can't be rewritten: arunjaitley to pakistansrinagar, dec 3, 2014, (ians): 16:31 istfinance minister arunjaitley wednesday said pakistan should understand once and forever that boundaries between nations cannot be rewritten now.
;;0.5106;;the decision effectively means that decks are now cleared for senior bjp leader and leader of the opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley to take over as the bcci president from september 2014.
;;0.0;;had the existing rule been in place, arunjaitley who represents ddca would have only been eligible in 2017 as it would be north zones turn then.
;;0.7003;;so, this was necessary as mr arunjaitley has the stature and also shares a fantastic rapport with units from east, a senior bcci official who is a part of the working committee told pti today.
;;-0.9032;;church attacks, nun rape law & order issue, not communal: jaitleynew delhi, apr 15, 2015, (pti) 20:53 istfinance minister arunjaitley has asserted that the recent attacks on churches and rape of a nun were not political or communal issues but law and order problems.
;;-0.1531;;gst bill for a poverty-free india: jaitleynew delhi, dec 15, 2015, dhns: 1:48 istfinance minister arunjaitley on tuesday urged the congress leadership to back the passage of the goods and services tax (gst) bill, as it will help the economy grow faster and eradicate poverty in the country.
;;-0.0516;;without taking names of congress president sonia gandhi and her son rahul gandhi, arunjaitley also urged the congress to ponder over the history and legacy they wished to leave behind, saying: it has never happened since 1991.
;;0.1027;;as per file notings, prime minister narendra modi, who heads the panel, has nominated defence minister arunjaitley besides kharge to the committee.
;;-0.3265;;'a day after the gst bill failed to get past parliament and the government had to take recourse to the joint committee of parliament for the bankruptcy bill, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday asked whether the country has not lost out by delaying the gst since the last years budget session.
;;0.0;;, arunjaitley wondered.
;;0.3612;;in his last budget speech, finance minister arunjaitley had assured that, an enabling regulatory architecture would be provided to 10 public and 10 private institutions to emerge as world-class teaching and research institutions.
;;0.4588;;one recent example is of finance minister arunjaitley rejecting a request from the health ministry for a 33  increase in its budget, initially only agreeing to 5  and then, upon representations, allowing for an 11  increase.
;;-0.25;;in the meeting which was attended by finance minister arunjaitley and representatives of various banks and developers, gadkari said the government has already terminated 41 projects which were stuck for various reasons.
;;0.4588;;uttam guptaalluding to the direct benefit transfer (dbt) of fertiliser subsidy, in budget speech for 2016-17, finance minister arunjaitley had stated: we have already introduced dbt in lpg.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley touched wide segments of the indian economy in his february 1 union budget.
;;0.0;;on curbs over h1b visa, prasad said that finance minister arunjaitley during his recent visit to the us has conveyed concerns on the issue and prime minister narendra modi will also convey concerns in this regard to the us government during his visit.
;;-0.4404;;joint registrar (jr) kovai venugopal issued notice to kejriwal and other aap leaders -- kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh, raghav chadha and deepak bajpai -- on the suit by arunjaitley seeking rs 10 crore in damages for issuing allegedly false and defamatory statements against him and his family members.
;;0.0;;in a packed courtroom at the patiala house courts complex yesterday, arunjaitley , who was accompanied by a phalanx of union ministers, including m venkaiah naidu, smriti irani, dharmendra pradhan and j p nadda, had alleged that aap leaders have made completely baseless and defamatory allegations.
;;-0.296;;the court of the chief metroplitan magistrate then took cognisance of the complaint and posted the case for january 5 when arunjaitley will record his testimony.
;;-0.4019;;, congress members again trooped near the chairman's podium to demand the resignation of finance minister arunjaitley over the delhi and district cricket association issue.
;;0.743;;shatrughan calls kirti azad 'hero'patna, dec 23, 2015, (ians) 14:42 istbjp mp shatrughan sinha on wednesday described as a hero party mp kirti azad, who has taken on finance minister arunjaitley over alleged corruption in delhi's cricket board.
;;0.3182;;sinha, who had rubbed the bharatiya janata party the wrong way during the bihar assembly elections too, urged the party not to take action against azad, who has alleged corruption in the ddca when arunjaitley headed it.
;;0.0;;sinha had a piece of advice for arunjaitley , who headed the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) for 13 years till 2013.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, prime minister narendra modi had said that arunjaitley would come out of the ddca row with flying colours -- a la advani.
;;0.2023;;sinha's support for azad came a day after senior bihar bjp leader sushil kumar modi demanded disciplinary action against azad for targetting arunjaitley over the ddca issue.
;;0.765;;the cabinet approval comes exactly a year after the defence ministry put its stamp of approval on the project, which was announced by the finance minister arunjaitley in his first budget speech in 2014.
;;0.3919;;new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns 0:52 istmobile phones, cigarettes and pan masala will cost more, but the cost of digital payments, e-ticketing and lng will come down as finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday tweaked certain customs and excise duties in the budget for 2017-18.
;;-0.3182;;ahead of a forthcoming levy of sin tax in the goods and services tax (gst), arunjaitley proposed to increase excise duty on non-filter cigarettes of a length not exceeding 65 mm to rs 311 per 1,000 from rs 215 per 1,000.
;;0.2732;;sibal charges fm with giving hints to it dept in herald casenew delhi, dec 12, 2015 (pti) 16:51 istsenior congress leader kapil sibal today accused finance minister arunjaitley of terming the national herald case as an offence under the income tax act and giving an indication to the it department to issue notice to his party in the matter.
;;0.2023;;according to arunjaitley , most people in india believe that a 7-8  growth rate is an absolute normal for the country but the real potential of india is to beat that.
;;-0.4588;;new delhi, dec 23, 2015, dhns 1:31 istprime minister narendra modi on tuesday backed union finance minister arunjaitley , saying the latter will come out with flying colours due to wrong and manufactured allegations levelled against him in the ddca case in the same manner as patriarch l k advani had emerged unscathed in the hawala case.
;;0.7579;;but, in his address to the bjp parliamentary party meeting on tuesday morning, modi did not mention about party mp kirti azad, who had challenged arunjaitley to file a defamation case against him as he did against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and other aap leaders in a delhi court.
;;0.1027;;the congress said modi has signalled that arunjaitley should quit from his post till the time he is absolved of all the charges as advani had done when he faced allegations in hawala case.
;;0.6486;;i will remind arunjaitley that advani had then resigned and had not come back till he got clean chit from the supreme court.
;;0.1027;;so the prime minister seems to be telling arunjaitley that he should not continue as finance minister till he gets cleared, leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad told reporters.
;;-0.6597;;after ddca row, gill now drags arunjaitley in hi affairsnew delhi, dec 23, 2015 (pti) 17:18 istseeking to put further pressure on arunjaitley , banned indian hockey federation (ihf) president kps gill today dragged the union finance minister into the affairs of hockey india, urging the delhi government to probe into the bjp stalwart's conflict of interest in the national hockey body.
;;0.2023;;former top cop, gill has written to delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, alleging that arunjaitley had appointed his daughter sonali as the counsel for hockey india when he was a member of the advisory board of hockey india league.
;;-0.4588;;hockey india president narinder batra strongly refuted the allegations, saying gill's charges were baselessit is a fresh attack on arunjaitley who has been accused by aap, congress and bjp mp kirti azad of shielding corruption when he was the president of delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
;;-0.4585;;meanwhile, in an interview given to a group of economic editors on february 1, arunjaitley opined that ubi is an idea whose time should come, but politics of this country is not mature yet for its implementation.
;;-0.3252;;that is precisely what arunjaitley was alluding to when he opined politics of this country is not mature yet for implementation of ubi.
;;0.0;;the students had yesterday said they had written to the i&b ministry, headed by finance minister arunjaitley , seeking an appointment to discuss the issue.
;;0.128;;give me proof of any-party activities: kirti azad to shahnew delhi, dec 25, 2015, (pti) 18:23 istbjp mp kirti azad, suspended for attacking finance minister arunjaitley , today wrote to party chief amit shah demanding proof of his 'anti-party activities' while maintaining that he remains a loyal party soldier.
;;-0.2675;;the three-time darbhanga mp also noted that the suspension letter served on him made no mention of the ddca corruption, over which he had targeted arunjaitley , saying it made him believe that bjp has nothing to do with this matter and it is purely out of its purview.
;;-0.7269;;bjp had on wednesday suspended azad from its primary membership three days after his press conference attacking arunjaitley and subsequent acts of defiance both inside and outside parliament, over alleged irregularities in ddca.
;;-0.0258;;insurance sector fears being pulled into 'cess pool', wants clarity on sopschennai, march 1, 2015, (ians) 18:47 istgenerally satisfied at the budgetary proposals of union finance minister arunjaitley for 2015-16, insurance industry officials however expressed their fears of being pulled into the cess pool of the swachh bharat cess.
;;0.5574;;presenting the budget saturday, arunjaitley proposed to create a new cess called swachh bharat cess, for which a cess of two percent will be levied as service tax on all or any of the taxable services for financing and promoting swachh bharat initiatives or for any other purpose relating thereto.
;;0.7579;;as a tax sop to the middle class arunjaitley also proposed to increase the deduction in respect of health insurance premium from rs.15,000 to rs.25,000, while for senior citizens, the limit will stand increased to rs.30,000 from the existing rs.20,000.
;;0.0;;the proposals of arunjaitley has not been properly reflected in the proposed amendments to section 80d of the income tax act, as contained in the finance bill, 2015, if one were to go through the proposed amendments in fine-print, varadarajan told ians.
;;-0.5267;;annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 14:20 ista day after data showed india's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
;;0.0;;the cricket body was headed by union finance minister arunjaitley for around 13 years till 2013.
;;0.0;;to opposition questions as to why the government brought the legislations as 'money bills', arunjaitley cited the constitutional provisions and said that since 1950 all tax- related legislations were brought before parliament as money bill.
;;0.4215;;allegations against arunjaitley based on facts: kejriwal to hcnew delhi, jan 12, 2016 (pti) 19:50 istdelhi cm arvind kejriwal today claimed that the allegations he had made against finance minister arunjaitley in the ddca row were based on true facts and documents in public domain and that his claim he has high public character was frivolous.
;;0.4588;;responding to a notice issued by the delhi high court on a civil defamation suit by arunjaitley against him and five other aap leaders, kejriwal said in a statement filed before the court registrar that he had made the allegations in public interest to eradicate corruption from sports.
;;-0.4404;;the high court on december 22 last year had sought the response of kejriwal, chadha, kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh and deepak bajpai--on a civil defamation suit by arunjaitley seeking rs 10 crore in damages from them for issuing allegedly false and defamatory statements against him and his family.
;;0.4215;;finance minister arunjaitley and defence minister manohar parrikar, both members of the cabinet committee on security, were also present at the meeting.
;;0.4588;;to a query on budget, poojary said finance minister arunjaitley is trying to satisfy all.
;;0.7003;;the witness statement came into circulation just hours after finance minister arunjaitley backed swaraj saying whatever she had done was in good faith and bona fide.
;;-0.5574;;finance minister arunjaitley has given a clean chit to dushyant singh, son of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, but had toned down his remarks after a public outcry, vadakkan further stated.
;;0.0;;upadhyay was speaking after the launch of four mobile dispensaries of the south delhi municipal corporation by finance minister arunjaitley at his official residence.
;;0.1027;;this is the second time that arunjaitley is holding the additional portfolio of defence ministry during the present nda government.
;;-0.1027;;the congress' reaction came after bjp mp and former cricketer kirti azad was today suspended by party chief amit shah for publicly targeting finance minister arunjaitley with allegations of irregularities in delhi's cricket body ddca.
;;0.25;;jaitley for freehand to ministers, bureaucrats on social medianew delhi, aug 6 2016, (pti) 17:40 istfinance minister arunjaitley today advocated for freehand to ministers and bureaucrats to express themselves on social media to make government functioning transparent.
;;0.2263;;new delhi, feb 1, 2017, (pti) 19:58 istin a pre-poll budget aimed at softening the demonetisation blow, finance minister arunjaitley today halved the basic income tax rate to 5 per cent and lowered rate for small companies while boosting spending on rural employment, agriculture and infrastructure.
;;-0.3182;;new delhi, dec 18, 2015 (pti) 15:03 istthe aap today put five specific questions to finance minister arunjaitley relating to its allegations of corruption in delhi's cricket body ddca under his watch and accused him of giving vague response to the charges.
;;0.2023;;calling arunjaitley a master of half truth and beautiful lies, aap leader ashutosh made certain fresh allegations against the finance minister and said his comments that there was no specific charges against him was misleading.
;;0.6124;;addressing a press conferencehere, ashutosh accused ddca of allowing private firm 21st century to sub-lease 10 corporate boxes at feroz shah kotla stadium and claimed the firm owned by a friend of arunjaitley was extended financial benefit to the tune of over rs 5 crore for the deal.
;;0.0;;the aap leader asked arunjaitley to clarify who were members of the 21st century and whether it had any of his kin.
;;-0.5267;;the aap leader also accused arunjaitley of putting pressure on ongc to give an amount of rs 5 crore to hockey india and sought to know what was the reason behind it.
;;0.0;;did arunjaitley know about these companies and is it not corruption, asked the aap leader.
;;-0.1027;;we had raised specific questions and arunjaitley gave vague answers.
;;0.0;;the aap leaders also asked arunjaitley to tell about his relationship with hockey india chief narendra batra.
;;-0.1027;;since then, the party has been demanding resignation of arunjaitley from the union cabinet.
;;-0.159;;it is not yet clear whether the government will ask bankers to completely withdraw the charges or increase the limit of transactions beyond which the levy should apply, but officials said arunjaitley may ask them to give people more time to get used to digital transactions.
;;0.7009;;earlier, a defiant kejriwal asserted that the aam aadmi party will not be scared by defamation suits against him and other aap leaders by arunjaitley and asked him to prove his innocence before the one-man commission of inquiry announced by delhi government to probe alleged irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association.
;;-0.5267;;by filing defamation case, arunjaitley is trying to hurt himself.
;;0.1531;;the chief minister's decision to brazen it out became clear last night itself as the other aap leaders named by arunjaitley in his defamation suit had stuck to their guns and continued to target the finance minister.
;;-0.1779;;the biscuit manufacturers welfare association (bmwa) has petitioned finance minister arunjaitley to exempt low price high nutrition glucose, marie and milk biscuits from the ambit of goods and services tax.
;;0.4019;;he also took a dig at finance minister arunjaitley saying for a moment he felt chidambaram was presenting the budget on monday when the centre announced increase in allocation to upas flagship scheme mgnrega.
;;-0.5267;;sinha, who found himself on the wrong side of supreme court that asked him to recuse from the 2g spectrum scam probe, was present in a meeting of chiefs of economic investigating agencies with arunjaitley , which triggered speculation that the government might have asked him to go on leave.
;;0.5574;;the sit had said in its last report to the government and the supreme court in december 2014 that black money holders cases in hsbc geneva list will be taken to their logical conclusion soon, a stand reiterated by union finance minister arunjaitley today.
;;-0.34;;the statement of arunjaitley is far from reality and historic and political perspective of the disputed nature of the state.
;;0.0772;;meanwhile, jammu and kashmir high court bar association (jkhcba) also reacted strongly to the statement of arunjaitley and said the union minister is unaware of the kashmir issue.
;;0.3612;;the bar association feels that arunjaitley like other indian leaders does not perhaps know as to what the kashmir issue is all about, the bar said in a statement here.
;;0.0258;;the bar while inviting the union minister for a debate, said arunjaitley must also know that kashmir has a historical perspective and no statement can, therefore, be made by anyone, in defiance of that historical perspective.
;;0.7845;;the bar association hopes that arunjaitley will accept the invitation and agree to a debate with the bar association on kashmir issue on any date convenient to him, it said.
;;-0.1531;;the chief minister said he raised the issue of stopping the money which the state had been getting under the provisions of bihar reorganisation act with union finance minister arunjaitley on february 26 in new delhi.
;;0.6908;;long term desire to go back to academia: rajannew delhi, jun 8, 2016 (pti) 19:51 istrefusing to comment on intense speculation over his tenure extension, rbi governor raghuram rajan today said he has very cordial relations with finance minister arunjaitley and his long term desire is to go back to the academia.
;;0.4588;;jaitley meets british pm cameronlondon, mar 14, 2015 (pti) 21:35 istfinance minister arunjaitley today met british prime minister david cameron who evinced his interest in india's ongoing reform agenda.
;;0.6674;;there is some activity and an advisory committee he has in the context of india and he is quite keen that some of those programmes could be expanded, so we shared some ideas on that, arunjaitley explained.
;;0.4588;;besides the conservative party leaders, arunjaitley stressed that india has also had historically close ties with the labour party in reference to his meeting with opposition leader ed miliband.
;;0.0516;;bjp leader shazia ilmi, formerly of aap, said that kejriwal owes an apology to arunjaitley for attempting to defame him by concocting tales of horse trading.
;;-0.1027;;garg also claimed that several other aap mlas had also raised the issue of getting fake calls from arunjaitley and gadkari's office at a meeting of party legislators.
;;0.0;;yeshwantpur, b'luru cantt to be made world-class stationsfeb 2, 2017, hubballi, dhns 2:11 istrs 3,174 crore allocated in the budget for south western railwayin the integrated union budget for 2017-18 presented by finance minister arunjaitley in the lok sabha on wednesday, rs 3,174 crore has been allocated for the south western railway (swr).
;;-0.7184;;cracking the whip, bjp yesterday suspended azad, who has been leading a campaign against finance minister arunjaitley on alleged corruption in ddca, charging him with indulging in anti-party activities and accusing him of colluding with congress and aap to bring it into disrepute.
;;-0.6486;;the action of the bjp parliamentary board to suspend azad from the party's primary membership came after his press conference attacking arunjaitley and subsequent acts of defiance both inside and outside parliament.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley was once the chief patron of ddca.
;;-0.0258;;'no plan to impose tax on share transactions'new delhi, dec 26, 2016, dhns: 1:42 istunion finance minister arunjaitley on sunday tried to calm the frayed nerves by explaining that the government had no intention to impose tax on long-term capital gains from share transactions.
;;-0.4767;;cong continues to attack arunjaitley on lalit-dushyant transaction remarksnew delhi, june 24, 2015, dhns: 1:22 isteven as finance minister arunjaitley clarified that his statement over the transaction of rs 11.
;;0.2247;;sharma suggested that arunjaitley , who is on an official tour to the us, should have been more careful, restrained and balanced while making a statement on the issue.
;;-0.4404;;the meeting was attended by finance minister arunjaitley and leader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjuna kharge at the prime minister's south block office here.
;;-0.6486;;hitting out at union finance minister arunjaitley , aap's national treasurer raghav chadha said the charges were being levelled as bjp was fearing a rout in punjab and goa.
;;-0.5719;;fearing a rout arunjaitley led it dept is minting fiction.
;;0.4404;;the code explicitly expects the self-employed to report their salaries while paying their share of the social security when the reported income tax compliance is far too low as admitted by finance minister arunjaitley in his recent union budget speech.
;;-0.5106;;much to the disappointment of the veterans, arunjaitley did not say anything on the one-rank-one-pension(orop), negating parrikars claims that the issues would be addressed in the budget.
;;0.0;;in july 2014, arunjaitley stated rs 1,000 crore was earmarked for the same.
;;0.1027;;seeking answers from prime minister narendra modi on sushmas controversial conduct, the congress also brought finance minister arunjaitley into the row, wondering, why the fm continued with the lookout notice against modi while swaraj was helping the money-laundering fugitive.
;;0.3612;;after the passage of the bills, a pleased finance minister arunjaitley went up to the congress benches and shook hands with manmohan singh and leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad.
;;0.0;;quoting media reports, singh said the governor had in an interview revealed that she had consulted arunjaitley on government formation.
;;-0.0572;;apparently, arunjaitley would not want his role in governors decision discussed in the house.
;;-0.6597;;the speakers assertions that arunjaitley had gone on an official visit to the uk after seeking her permission failed to cut any ice with the opposition.
;;-0.1779;;mahajans repeated assertions that minister of state for finance jayant sinha has been authorised to take notes and apprise arunjaitley about it also failed to break the opposition resolve.
;;-0.8176;;new delhi, nov 3, 2015 (pti) 14:35 istasserting that india will never be intolerant, finance minister arunjaitley today rejected congress' pitch on the issue, saying opponents must fight political battles politically, and wondered where is the intolerance.
;;0.6478;;calling as aberrations some of the recent incidents including the beef row, arunjaitley insisted that there is no justification in returning of awards and the national situation is absolutely peaceful.
;;0.8591;;replying to question on whether the government is talking to film makers who are returning awards, arunjaitley wondered when there is an atmosphere of peace in the country, what is the justification in returning awards.
;;-0.6705;;the finance minister also declined to comment on a question about sulking bjp leader shatrughan sinha, who said that while arunjaitley was responsible for the defeat of bjp in delhi, amit shah has to take responsibility if bjp loses bihar.
;;-0.2023;;alleging that swaraj and finance minister arunjaitley had defended black money network in parliament yesterday, rahul charged that lalit modi was the biggest link between the political system and black money.
;;0.0;;when the congress forewarned the government even before gst was rolled out, finance minister arunjaitley called it obstructionist.
;;0.0;;azad, who has been campaigning against alleged corruption in delhi's cricket body, today addressed a press conference here but did not take the name of finance minister arunjaitley , under whose charge as president of ddca he claimed there were financial bunglings.
;;0.2732;;'need reforms backed by growth to end poverty'new delhi: july 5, 2015, dhns 1:43 istciting the socio-economic and caste census (secc) data, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday said policy reforms, backed by 8-10 per cent economic growth, are key to eradication of poverty which, as per the statistics, remains too high.
;;-0.5106;;the latest data suggest, argued arunjaitley , that the investment cycle is slowly turning around and stalled projects are being unblocked at a faster pace.
;;0.5709;;the experience with the dbt scheme, said arunjaitley , in the lpg was very encouraging.
;;0.2263;;adityanath also met finance minister arunjaitley as the chief minister, in his first budget, has to role out the farm loan waiver scheme worth rs 36,000 crore.
;;0.3182;;he requested arunjaitley to increase assistance through central schemes, and ways to streamline fiscal governance.
;;0.7294;;on his plea, finance minister arunjaitley and several other ministers as well chief ministers like akhilesh yadav of uttar pradesh have given up subsidised lpg but the campaign has not had the desired success, he said.
;;0.128;;the aam aadmi party has accused finance minister arunjaitley , who for years headed the ddca, of corruption in the cricketing board.
;;0.4767;;finance minister arunjaitley has fixed an ambitious target of rs 72,000 crore for the next year.
;;0.1027;;after manohar parrikar preferred the goa chief ministers post over the mod, an overburdened arunjaitley , not in the pink of health, has been given additional charge of defence.
;;-0.5106;;responding to members' concerns for setting a time-frame to deal with cheque bounce cases, finance minister arunjaitley intervened during the discussion to say that though there was no time-frame, the act did provide procedures for resolution of such disputes and the onus on following them was on the courts.
;;-0.34;;jaitley attacks rahul for sympathising with those who want to 'break india'vrindavan, march 6, 2016 (pti) 16:10 istfinance minister arunjaitley today launched a stinging attack on rahul gandhi for voicing 'sympathies' for 'those who raised slogans for breaking up india' and said it was the congress vice president's 'ideological hollowness' that he did something that likes of indira and rajiv gandhi never did.
;;0.6597;;terming it as a historic decision, finance minister arunjaitley also briefed the party mps about different facets of the move and how it will help the economy.
;;0.25;;budget 2018 will provide an opportunity for finance minister arunjaitley to clarify that race clubs need to discharge their gst liability only on the commission they receive.
;;0.6124;;the gst collection was a whopping rs 92,283 crore in july, and a jubilant finance minister arunjaitley told the press that the red line had been crossed in the first month itself.
;;0.5859;;the comfort about which arunjaitley appeared sure about, appears to be vanishing.
;;0.0;;the revival of mining in this case would be a financial empowerment and eastern states and lakhs of people would get employment, arunjaitley added.
;;0.0;;yet, eight months after he invited prime minister narendra modi to his home turf, pawar has fuelled speculation in political circles by hosting finance minister arunjaitley at baramati.
;;0.0;;ahead of government formation, union minister and former bjp chief nitin gadkari today met finance minister arunjaitley at the latter's residence and spent about half an hour with him to discuss the party's strategy ahead.
;;-0.4404;;seth also said that finance minister arunjaitley was one of the very few people who spoke out very early about the dreadful lynching at dadri.
;;0.3612;;i-t exemption sought for vtunew delhi, june 11, 2015, dhns: 0:30 istunion finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday assured the state government that the income tax (i-t) department would study and take a decision as per the law in connection with attaching two bank accounts of the visvesvaraya technological university (vtu).
;;0.0;;chief minister siddaramaiah, who met arunjaitley here, appealed for tax exemption to vtu stating that the institution was run by the state government on a no-profit basis.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley , external affairs minister sushma swaraj, law minister ravi shankar prasad, chemicals and fertilisers minister anant kumar and parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu are members of the committee.
;;-0.5719;;black money info will embarrass cong: jaitleynew delhi, oct 21, 2014, dhns: 1:38 isthot on the heels of prime minister narendra modis stand that the government will disclose names of some persons under probe for stashing black money abroad, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday quipped, the congress would be embarrassed by the names when we reveal them in court.
;;0.0;;the state government has already written to union finance minister arunjaitley in this regard, he added, intervening in a debate on the implementation of dr d n nanjundappa committee report.
;;0.6124;;a day after presenting the budget, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said political parties must appreciate that it is a better alternative for poverty elimination.
;;-0.5423;;he was referring to the one-time four-month compliance window announced by finance minister arunjaitley under which people with domestic blackmoney can come clean by paying 45 per cent tax and penalty and get immunity from prosecution.
;;-0.1531;;i asked arunjaitley that modiji termed it a bad scheme, while you consider it a good one.
;;0.0;;the former indian opening batsman had virtually withdrawn himself from state politics but for addressing rallies outside and took up whole time television anchoring ever since he was replaced with finance minister arunjaitley as the candidate to contest 2014 lok sabha elections from amritsar.
;;0.0;;during his recent visit to delhi, odisha chief minister naveen patnaik had asked finance minister arunjaitley to convene a tripartite meeting of posco representatives, the centre and the state government to iron out the differences and pave way for the project.
;;0.0;;the council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley , at its 15th meeting also decided on rates of yarns, agriculture machinery, apparels and rough diamonds among others.
;;0.4939;;budget has only dreams, no fund allocation: siddaramaiahbangalore, july 11, 2014, dhns: 1:09 istchief minister siddaramaiah said on thursday that finance minister arunjaitley had only marketed his dreams in the first budget.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley is the third member of the team.
;;-0.5267;;this confronts finance minister arunjaitley with a difficult choice.
;;0.7184;;cong should see reason, help gst pass, says jaitleynew delhi, jan 30, 2016 (pti) 14:28 istfinance minister arunjaitley today hoped the congress will see reason and help in passage of gst legislation, stuck in rajya sabha, in the budget session of parliament beginning next month.
;;0.8271;;several important legislations concerning coal, mining and the like were passed by parliament with support from several opposition parties with the exception of the congress, arunjaitley added.
;;0.0;;dh had on friday reported finance minister arunjaitley as saying that he would nudge banks to reconsider their decision.
;;0.4767;;earlier, finance minister arunjaitley had also advised the states to frame their own land act with the centre's approval.
;;-0.5719;;aap alleges that the union finance minister arunjaitley , who headed the ddca for 13 years till 2013, presided over the big-ticket ddca scam.
;;0.34;;the proposal to provide these options of choosing social security schemes to workers was announced by the finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech for 2015-16.
;;-0.5106;;later in the evening, finance minister arunjaitley came to lok sabha to introduce the bill since the last minute efforts failed.
;;-0.6124;;it is only an obstacle race where my only job is to jump obstacle race, arunjaitley commented since most import legislative agenda of this session  the gst bill  too was sacrificed due to resistance from the congress.
;;0.4767;;praising the minister for being good at drafting and introducing legislation in parliament, roy said that arunjaitley was bringing bills on the rebound after he failed to get gst bill passed in this session and in a lawyer manner where none is needed.
;;0.0;;drawing a parallel with arunjaitley , he recalled that another lawyer-turned-congress minister kapil sibal had brought several bills during his stint as hrd minister in the upa regime.
;;0.4588;;this came after union finance minister arunjaitley held a meeting to review the prices of essential commodities ahead of the festive season.
;;0.1779;;at the meeting, arunjaitley directed the secretaries of the departments of agriculture, food and consumer affairs to remain vigilant, work closely with the states and take immediate measures, including stepping up procurement of pulses, enhancing and building up of buffer stocks.
;;0.3818;;earlier at a press conference, arunjaitley hoped to see fall in the prices of pulses in coming days as the international market had also begun stabilising.
;;0.0;;rahul said modi should take action and conduct inquiry into affairs of delhi and district cricket association(ddca)of which arunjaitley was the president for 13 years till 2013.
;;-0.7269;;under relentless attack from delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and aap leaders on alleged corruption in delhi cricket body ddca, arunjaitley today accused him and aap leaders of lowering the level of public discourse saying vulgarity is not a right available to people in positions.
;;0.0;;sharma's assertion came after finance minister arunjaitley met prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;this was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech in the lok sabha on wednesday.
;;0.0762;;dhveteran lawyer ram jethmalani today said he will defend arvind kejriwal in the defamation case slapped against him by finance minister arunjaitley without charging any fee if the delhi chief minister cannot afford to pay him.
;;0.3818;;jethmalani also hit out at arunjaitley , alleging that the row over the delhi government's move to clear his bills has been instigated by the union finance minister as he is afraid of my cross-examination.
;;0.7351;;if necessary, i will support him for his livelihood because he is a clean force compared to arunjaitley , said jethmalani.
;;0.0;;addressing an election rally, kejriwal defended his government's move, suggesting arunjaitley filed the case after he raised the issue of alleged corruption in delhi and district cricket association when the bjp leader was at the helm of it.
;;-0.5719;;union minister prakash javadekar alleged that kejriwal was dragged to court by arunjaitley for his personal crime and the delhi government's decision to foot the bill is against the law and rules of the government.
;;0.5574;;in a series of tweets, aap leader ashish khetan, a former journalist, said arunjaitley is a rich man so he can afford expensive lawyers.
;;-0.6662;;bjp issues notice to kirti azadnew delhi: jan 1, 2016, dhns 1:47 isthanding over a parting gift on new year eve to its suspended darbhanga mp, the bjp on thursday issued a show cause notice to kirti azad, asking why should he not be expelled from the party on the charges that he continued to indulge in anti-party activities through his relentless attack on finance minister arunjaitley in the ddca scam.
;;-0.4588;;nine days back, the party had suspended him alleging that he was indulging in anti-party activities by publicly taking on arunjaitley despite the fact that bjp president amit shah had cautioned him not to indulge in mud slinging which is embarrassing to the organisation.
;;-0.4215;;though azad has been insisting that his fight was against corruption in the ddca and had nothing to do either with arunjaitley or arunjaitley , what irked party, said sources, was his relentless finger-pointing at a time when the delhi-ruling aap has made it a political issue to attack the finance minister and prime minister narendra modi himself.
;;-0.4767;;taking note of his direct attack on arunjaitley in the lok sabha at a time when congress was also raising the ddca issue in the just-held winter session, the suspension order had stated that inside and outside parliament you conducted yourself in a manner that amounts to indiscipline and anti-party activities.
;;0.765;;over half of budget 2014 proposals still works in progressshemin joy, new delhi, feb 28, 2015, dhns: 4:25 istmore than half of the 170 announcements made in the union budget by finance minister arunjaitley last july are still works in progress.
;;0.2023;;identifying the need to ensure irrigation in bulk of farmland, arunjaitley had earmarked rs 1,000 crore for the pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana but what the agriculture ministry has so far done is just circulating a concept note, efc note and draft guidelines to ministries.
;;0.7246;;asked if he was not denying that there could be minister from the upa government, arunjaitley quipped, i am neither confirming nor denying, i am only smiling.
;;-0.1739;;chief minister arvind kejriwal said he would not apologise for targeting arunjaitley as no clean chit was ever given while his deputy manish sisodia posed four questions to the finance minister and bjp over the alleged financial bunglings in ddca when arunjaitley headed the the cricket body and wondered why they were running away from a probe.
;;0.2732;;referring to certain allegations against ddca, sisodia said, wasn't arunjaitley the head of ddca during 1999-2013 when these irregularities happened?
;;0.4019;;sisodia claimed that attempts were afoot to manufacture a clean image of arunjaitley even before the government constituted probe panel starts going through the large-scale irregularities.
;;0.0772;;we just want arunjaitley to say whether or not he was the ddca president from 1999-2013?
;;-0.5574;;in the 2017-18 budget, finance minister arunjaitley had proposed to ban cash transaction of over rs 3 lakh.
;;-0.7579;;on a day's visit, yeddyurappa met senior leaders l k advani and arunjaitley to chalk out a strategy to deal with the political situation arising out of governor's sanction to prosecute him for his alleged involvement in land scams.
;;0.4019;;party sources said rajya sabha opposition leader arunjaitley will lead the delegation of mps to rashtrapati bhavan.
;;-0.6486;;union minister for finance and corporate affairs arunjaitley said though the world economy had begun looking up after a prolonged recession, it was facing an increasing possibility of disruption.
;;-0.5267;;he sought staying of the criminal defamation case filed by arunjaitley against kejriwal before the trial court and said that the civil proceedings before the high court shall be continued.
;;-0.7783;;besides a civil defamation suit in the high court, arunjaitley had also filed a criminal defamation complaint in a lower court alleging kejriwal and five aap leaders -- raghav chadha, kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh and deepak bajpai -- had defamed him in the delhi district cricket association (ddca) controversy.
;;0.25;;jethmalani slams jaitley's move on black moneynew delhi:oct 24, 2014, dhns: 2:26 istprominent lawyer ram jethmalani, an expelled bjp mp, has shot off an angry letter to finance minister arunjaitley saying that he should not take any steps to investigate black money account holders without providing information to the supreme court-appointed special investigation team (sit).
;;-0.4767;;the letter, signed by jethmalani as an expelled member of bjp, alleged that arunjaitley was exposing prime minister narendra modi to the charge of having misguided the nation.
;;0.6597;;jethmalani said arunjaitley was opposition leader in the rajya sabha when germany had announced that it was willing to share the names of black money account holders with any friendly country.
;;0.3612;;according to arunjaitley , switzerland has assured that on the basis of such independent information they will cooperate.
;;0.0;;launching a tirade against upa government, opposition leader in rajya sabha arunjaitley said that just before the monsoon session of parliament there were serial blasts in mumbai and towards the end of the session there was a blast in delhi.
;;-0.7351;;judicial activism, a dangerous trendmay 21, 2016, dhns 0:00 istunion finance minister arunjaitley is not the first politician to raise the issue of judicial overreach which is upsetting the constitutional balance among the three organs of state  the legislature, the executive and the judiciary.
;;0.6908;;the immediate issue which raised arunjaitley hackles was the supreme courts directive to the government to create one more national fund to deal with the drought situation in the country.
;;-0.25;;congress members were already shouting slogans in the well of the house, demanding resignation of arunjaitley , who formerly headed the ddca.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, finance minister arunjaitley , parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu and rural development minister chaudhary birender singh briefed leaders of the nda allies on the land bill and the amendments moved by the government to address their concerns.
;;0.0;;the former bcci president met finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday.
;;0.0;;new delhi: jan 31, 2016, dhns 2:12 isturges cong to see rationale behind uniform tax lawbarely a month ahead of the budget session of parliament, finance minister arunjaitley on saturday again pushed for the passage of goods and services tax (gst) bill, pending since 2007.
;;0.0;;the bcci disciplinary committee, whose other members are vice-presidents arunjaitley and niranjan shah, perused the report and took the decision today.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley followed it up during this discussions with british leaders during a recent visit to london.
;;0.0557;;finance minister arunjaitley and others in the government have finally conceded the slowdown, although they still wont accept the part that demonetisation has played in it.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: march 6, 2016, dhns: 0:48 istprime minister narendra modi is understood to have asked finance minister arunjaitley to conduct a detailed examination of the amendments proposed in the budget under which employees provident fund (epf) withdrawal will be taxed.
;;0.0258;;modis directive to arunjaitley comes after an uproar over the proposed 60  tax on epf withdrawal, sources said.
;;-0.0572;;besides, with the election dates announced for five states, the bjp has also conveyed to arunjaitley that it did not want the issue to come in the way of the party's campaign efforts.
;;0.4215;;consequently, arunjaitley is likely to announce a deferment  if not an immediate rollback  of the proposal in parliament next week when he moves two appropriation bills relating to demands for grants on account (general) for 2016-17 and supplementary demands for grants (general) for 2015-16.
;;0.0;;may be he is the unofficial spokesperson of the pm indeed, vadakkan said referring to recent spat between finance minister arunjaitley and bjp mp subramanian swamy.
