;;0.0;;on friday, union minister venkaiah naidu spoke to the cms of the eight bjp-ruled states, while finance minister arunjaitley spoke to bihar cm nitish kumar and andhra cm chandrababu naidu.
;;0.0;;the strategy was decided upon during a meeting chaired by finance minister arunjaitley on monday.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: stating that demonetisation would bring more transactions under tax net resulting in higher tax revenues, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday hinted at lower direct and indirect tax rates in the future.
;;0.031;;the gst council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising state counterparts, had in march allowed real estate players to shift to 5 per cent gst rate for residential units and 1 per cent for affordable housing without the benefit of input tax credit (itc) from april 1, 2019.
;;-0.3612;;by aninew delhi: raking up the controversy around the 2g spectrum allotment which happened under the upa government in 2007-08, finance minister arunjaitley on monday alleged that the process was rigged.
;;-0.34;;the direct tax dispute resolution scheme, announced by finance minister arunjaitley in the budget for 2016-17, seeks not just to settle disputes in retrospective taxes, but end nearly 2.
;;-0.4404;;vedanta cairn oil and gas ceo sudhir mathur said that with the international oil prices breaching the usd 70 barrier, and india importing 80 per cent of its oil, the big challenge for finance minister arunjaitley while presenting the union budget 2018-19 will be to keep the fiscal deficit under control.
;;0.4019;;by online desknew delhi: former finance minister arunjaitley has been put on life support system at the aiims here, sources said, as several leaders including bihar chief minister nitish kumar and union minister piyush goyal visited the hospital.
;;0.0;;union finance minister arunjaitley introduced a bill in lok sabha on monday to amend income tax laws.
;;0.0;;with external affairs minister sushma swaraj indisposed, finance minister arunjaitley will represent india in the groups sixth ministerial conference.
;;0.6705;;finance minister arunjaitley had in budget proposed setting up of a special safety fund of rs 1 lakh crore for carrying upgradation of tracks, signalling and elimination of unmanned level crossings.
;;0.4939;;the agreements were signed in the presence of finance minister arunjaitley and power and new and renewable energy minister r k singh.
;;-0.5574;;new delhi: a city court today granted delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal exemption from personalappearance for the day in a criminal defamation complaint filed by finance minister arunjaitley against him and five other aap leaders.
;;0.0772;;by ptinew delhi: a large number of imported items including mobile handsets, cars and motorcycles, fruit juices, perfumes and footwear will become costlier as the finance minister arunjaitley today hiked customs duties on these products in the union budget 2018-19.
;;0.34;;according to reports from digital payments firms, transactions on their platforms have shot up by several times during the weeks after november 8 and experts say that now that going cashless, or toward less cash in the words of finance minister arunjaitley , has become an official policy, cyber security takes all the more precedence.
;;0.8674;;indore: madhya pradesh was once in the category of bimaru states, but a strong leadership coupled with a business friendly environment and ever-growing as an educational hub, has helped the state to shed off its past image, said union finance minister arunjaitley on saturday during the fifth edition of global investment meet in indore.
;;0.4767;;while most states were in favour of giving a 2 per cent incentive if all payments are made digitally or through cheques, some wanted a small negative list, and so the issue will be referred to a five-member group of state finance ministers, said finance minister arunjaitley , who chaired the meeting via video conferencing.
;;-0.8807;;by ptinew delhi: a man in his 30s allegedly suffering from depression has been detained for lurking suspiciously near the residence of finance minister arunjaitley in south delhi's greater kailash, police said tuesday.
;;0.0;;with swaraj indisposed, as she is unwell, finance minister arunjaitley will represent india at the ministerial conference.
;;-0.34;;the direct tax dispute resolution scheme, announced by finance minister arunjaitley in the budget for 2016-17, seeks not just to settle disputes in retrospective taxes, but end nearly 2.
;;-0.3182;;rai later dismissed the reports of lack of coordination between the bbb and the government saying that the rapport was total and he often met finance minister arunjaitley and received guidance from him.
;;-0.7579;;lashing out at finance minister arunjaitley , rahul said, the governments spin doctors, including our incompetent finance minister, have the unenviable task of defending an indefensible, criminal policy.
;;-0.128;;while the finance minister arunjaitley hailed the four gst bills for having been drafted by the gst council with consensus as a revolutionary step, the opposition lamented that it was only a baby step.
;;-0.3612;;union finance minister arunjaitley after passage of the gst bill pass in parliament house in new delhi on wednesday (shekhar yadav | eps)bengaluru: the office bearers of the ja c of the state commercial taxes department and its officers went on a hunger strike at commercial taxes department headquarters in gandhinagar on wednesday.
;;0.5719;;we are happy with finance minister arunjaitley for considering our request and amending the pan card application in income tax rules, 1962, tweeted women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi.
;;0.128;;on this occasion, two apps were launched by finance minister arunjaitley , namely icetab and icetrak.
;;0.0;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal leaves from patiala house courts after a hearing of the defamation case filed by finance minister arunjaitley against him and five other aap leaders in new delhi.
;;-0.6908;;ddca's submissions came in the backdrop of different factions blaming each other for the mess in the cricket body which has led to the filing of several defamation cases, including one filed by finance minister arunjaitley , who was a former ddca president, against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and other aap leaders.
;;-0.5574;;the former union minister's tweets came barely two days after finance minister arunjaitley on monday hinted that the country might eventually have a single standard rate of gst, adding that the 28 per cent slab would soon be phased out, except on luxury and sin goods.
;;-0.4404;;vadodara: two large bank unions today demanded immediate intervention of finance minister arunjaitley in ending the acute cash shortage in the system following the demonetisation of high-value notes last month.
;;0.2263;;in a letter written to arunjaitley , all-india bank employees association and has said that rri should take immediate steps to supply adequate cash to all banks and daily announce the details of the notes it supplies.
;;0.1027;;finance minister arunjaitley had in his budget speech proposed that category i and ii fpis would be exempt from taxation on indirect transfers.
;;0.0;;new delhi: with mounting demands from farmers for loan waiver, finance minister arunjaitley on monday said states will have to find funds for it from their own resources -- virtually ruling out any funding from the centre.
;;-0.8225;;on may 3 last year, former finance minister arunjaitley said india will ask the fatf to put pakistan on a blacklist of countries that fail to meet international standards in stopping financial crime.
;;-0.6808;;the gst council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising his state counterparts, had on march 10 decided to set up an it grievance redressal mechanism to address the grievances of taxpayers in the wake of technical glitches on the gst portal.
;;0.4019;;read: arunjaitley tells critics gst had only transient impact on growththe remarks come ahead of the rbi meet on monday, where the government, through its nominees, is likely to press for growth-supporting measures including creation of a special liquidity window for the troubled non-bank lending sector, liberalising of the prompt corrective action that restricts normal lending and easier credit supply for small businesses.
;;0.0;;also read: time for modi government to introspect: cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury on border standoffcountering arunjaitley , congress chief spokesperson randeep singh surjewala tweeted, mr. arunjaitley , it's bjp & its leadership who require real introspection.
;;0.6486;;plea for drought relief aidthimmappa, who, along with agriculture minister krishna byre gowda recently met union finance minister arunjaitley and home minister rajnath singh, said that he had demanded central aid of over `5,000 crore to take up drought and flood relief works in various parts of the state.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on saturday widened wriggle space for the government by hinting that not all of the rs 15.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the congress leaders on wednesday sought to turn heat on finance minister arunjaitley for having said in the house that the lokpal bill is with the departmental standing committee.
;;0.1779;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will tomorrow present the current nda government's fifth and arguably his toughest budget yet as he seeks to address agriculture distress, create jobs and boost growth while at the same time stick to fiscal prudence.
;;0.3182;;with the recent elections in gujarat indicating erosion of bjp's rural vote base, arunjaitley may also unveil incentives for the farm sector.
;;0.743;;this will be india's first post-gst and is being keenly watched to see what arunjaitley does to boost growth in asia's third-largest economy.
;;0.3612;;there are talks that tax break on capital gains from stock investments may go and it remains to be seen if arunjaitley will finally show some movement on his 2015 promise to lower corporate tax rate to 25 per cent from 30 per cent over four years.
;;0.0;;scrapping the colonial-era tradition of presenting the budget at the end of february, arunjaitley had for the first time presented the annual accounts on february 1 last year.
;;0.0;;while p chidambaram had presented the previous upa government's vote-on-account in february 2014, arunjaitley had presented a full budget in july that year.
;;0.0772;;new delhi: amid rising anger among people across india over exchanging the scrapped currency, finance minister arunjaitley today regretted hardships caused due to withdrawal of high denomination notes but advised the public to be patient as the move will have larger benefits for the economy in long term.
;;0.0;;at a hurriedly called press conference, arunjaitley urged people not to flock the banks to exchange the now-defunct banknotes, asking them to stagger it over the 50-day window provided by the government for the purpose.
;;0.0;;a notification to this effect was tabled by finance minister arunjaitley in the lok sabha today amid uproar over the demonetisation issue.
;;0.5574;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech for 2018-19 had granted niti aayog the responsibility to develop the national programme for ai, aimed at leveraging ai for inclusive economic growth and social development.
;;0.0;;chief minister naveen patnaik has recently written to union finance minister arunjaitley seeking mobile banking services or temporary counters in un-banked gram panchayats in the state.
;;0.0;;new delhi: union finance minister arunjaitley will not be attending the saarc finance ministers conference scheduled to take place in pakistan.
;;0.5994;;earlier, media reports from pakistan claimed that the country had decided to give a warm welcome to arunjaitley amid speculation that he was likely to visit islamabad for the conference.
;;0.1531;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley moved a number of amendments to the finance bill for consideration and passage in the lok sabha on tuesday, which included making aadhar mandatory for bank accounts, pan cards and filing of income tax returns.
;;0.3182;;challakere: defence minister arunjaitley on sunday said the countrys defence preparedness needs to be at the optimal level in view of the security threat posed by the neighbour.
;;0.3818;;by express news servicethe credit enhancement fund proposed by finance minister arunjaitley in the last budget may be operational by the end of this fiscal.
;;0.0;;union finance minister arunjaitley had on last week announced that the deadline for the rollout of the bill was april 1, 2017.
;;0.0;;the registered participants from india, include finance minister arunjaitley , railways minister piyush goyal, commerce minister suresh prabhu, oil minister dharmendra pradhan, minister of state for external affairs m j akbar and minister of state (independent charge) for development of north eastern region of india jitendra singh.
;;0.0;;and, the union budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley bears testimony to this fact.
;;-0.25;;psus get no special undertakingthe union budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley has fallen short of expectations on many counts as far as the state is concerned.
;;-0.4215;;prime minister narendra modi and afghan president ashraf ghani will jointly inaugurate the ministerial deliberations on sunday where the indian delegation will be led by finance minister arunjaitley in the absence of external affairs minister sushma swaraj, who is ill.
;;-0.0644;;bharatiya mazdoor sangh (bms) declared a one-day national strike on september 2, but decided to hold it till the outcome of their meeting with finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday.
;;0.3818;;the signed promises were given by both labour minister and labour secretary in august last year as a sequence to the decisions taken by the five-ministerial group headed by union finance minister arunjaitley formed by the prime minister.
;;-0.4215;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will meet heads of psu banks tomorrow to discuss the issue of non-performing assets (npas) and the steps being taken by them to expedite the recovery of bad loans which have crossed rs 6 lakh crore.
;;0.0;;besides, the minister will review the financial performance of all the public sector banks (psbs) at the meeting, the first between arunjaitley and them in the current fiscal.
;;-0.6968;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today ruled out privatisation of public sector banks as a response to the rs 11,400-crore fraud hitting punjab national bank, saying the move may not be politically acceptable.
;;0.0;;on friday, the first day of her latest visit to india, patel held meetings with finance minister arunjaitley and urban development minister venkaiah naidu.
;;-0.296;;the meeting with modi is the culmination of discussions on the contentious issue by arunjaitley , venkaiah, sujana chowdary and amit shah on tuesday.
;;0.5605;;chowdary presented a wish list of the state at the instance of the chief minister to arunjaitley and sought not only special status but also action on several promises made in the bifurcation act.
;;0.0;;proceedings of both the houses of the parliament were marred with ruckus even while the union finance minister arunjaitley introduced the taxation laws (second amendment) bill, 2016 at 2 pm amidst pandemonium in the lok sabha, which seeks to tax the undisclosed amounts through pradhan mantri garib kalyan deposit scheme.
;;0.3619;;on the impact of demonetisation on the economy, arunjaitley admitted that altering this normal is extremely disruptive but in the long run you will have a higher gdp, a higher revenue and probably far cleaner economy and far cleaner public life.
;;0.5719;;we are happy with finance minister arunjaitley for considering our request and amending the pan card application in income tax rules, 1962, tweeted women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi.
;;0.2732;;the demonetised currency notes would be accepted for paying tax arrears too, the minister said, adding that the decision was taken after discussion with union finance minister arunjaitley during today's gst council meet.
;;0.0;;with the finance minister arunjaitley having earmarked rs one lakh crore for the rashtriya rail sanraksha kosh (rrsk) for five years, the niti aayog report is likely to lay the roadmap for prioritisation of works to be undertaken by the ministry of railways.
;;0.743;;finance minister thomas isaac, in an fb post, said union finance minister arunjaitley has promised to look into keralas demand to treat the primary cooperative societies and dcbs on par with other banks with regard to accepting and withdrawing notes in the demonetisation regime.
;;0.0;;the meeting, which lasted for over two-and-a-half hours, was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , and top-most officials from the ministry of finance, the pmo and the cabinet secretary.
;;0.0;;union finance minister arunjaitley , bjp chief amit shah, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and his rajasthan counterpart vasundhara raje were among those who attended the ceremony held at the mahatma mandi here.
;;0.25;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said small traders and businesses will get a tax advantage of more than 30 per cent for digital transactions.
;;-0.7351;;finance minister arunjaitley also was critical of imran khan and said: there is not even a pretext of a condemnation of the incident; let alone sympathy for the bereaved families not even a lip sympathy for them.
;;0.3182;;finance minister arunjaitley had on tuesday slammed imran khan for demanding actionable intelligence from india, saying jem has publicly acknowledged its hand behind the attack.
;;0.0;;subsequent to the decision, the air india specific alternative mechanism (aisam), headed by finance minister arunjaitley , was set up to decide on specific issues.
;;0.6705;;while wishing him a good post-retirement life, arunjaitley commended adhia's contributions as revenue secretary for bringing a series of reforms including execution of goods and services tax (gst) and making the income tax filing process online with no physical interface between the assessee and the assessment official.
;;0.5719;;while arunjaitley has taken the view that he would be attracting privilege motion by committing to curtail the power of the lower house, declaring the nature of the legislation in advance, the congress ratcheted up the issue claiming that its the only reason the government wants to bypass the upper house.
;;0.4215;;by ptiwashington: ahead of the budget, corporate america has urged finance minister arunjaitley for further reduction in tax uncertainty for multinational companies and institutional investors, a step which it said would help attract more foreign direct investments to india.
;;0.0;;he found fault with union finance minister arunjaitley for saying that the 14th finance commission had shelved special category status and maintained that the chairman and members of the the commission had said they never made any such observation in their report.
;;0.6697;;most favoured nation status to pakistan stands withdrawn, said finance minister arunjaitley after a meeting of the cabinet committee on security (ccs) on friday.
;;0.0;;during his recent visit to new delhi, patnaik had raised the issue with finance minister arunjaitley and reminded him that royalty on coal was due for revision in april, 2015.
;;-0.5574;;new delhi: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders today moved a city court seeking chance to be heard before it decided whether they would be put on trial in a criminal defamation complaint filed by finance minister arunjaitley against them.
;;-0.4215;;a civil defamation suit has also been filed by arunjaitley before the delhi high court in relation to the matter seeking rs 10 crore in damages.
;;0.0;;by iansnew delhi: at his press conference in new delhi on saturday, finance minister arunjaitley made a biting claim: although ulrik mcknight is an american citizen, he is a member of the social gang of rahul gandhi.
;;-0.6369;;gandhi also accused prime minister narendra modi of running away from the debate and said finance minister arunjaitley should answer questions raised by the congress instead of abusing him.
;;-0.3182;;sinha also hit back at finance minister arunjaitley over his reference to him as job applicant at 80 and also disagreed with prime minister narendra modi's assessment in a speech on wednesday about the fundamentals of the economy.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley made his customary post-budget address to the rbi board on monday.
;;-0.8779;;amritsar: in a scathing attack on congress, union finance minister arunjaitley today termed the 1984 anti-sikh riots as one of the biggest examples of destruction the country witnessed during the party's rule.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arunjaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley also spoke to bihar chief minister nitish kumar amongst the others to form a sub-committee to give impetus to a cashless economy.
;;0.4767;;investors would also take cues from the federal budget, to be presented by finance minister arunjaitley on thursday, as the government aims to woo back rural voters and small businesses ahead of state elections.
;;0.0;;during a heated discussion in the lok sabha on wednesday on the french rafale aircraft deal, finance minister arunjaitley quoted a dialogue by the master spy from a james bond film.
;;-0.5423;;roy pointed out that arunjaitley had misquoted the dialogue from bond movie goldfinger, saying that the actual dialogue was: if it happens for the first time then it is happenstance, if it happens twice it is coincidence and if it is thrice then it is enemy action.
;;-0.1779;;the state's sentiments and anxiety over the post-demonetisation scenario would be conveyed to financeminister arunjaitley , chief minister pinarayi vijayan told reporters at the airport here before leaving for new delhi.
;;0.1027;;according to arunjaitley , the remaining laws  state gst, integrated gst (igst) and central gst (cgst)  will be cleared in the next meeting slated for march 4-5 in delhi.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley unexpectedly left for the us for a medical check-up following a kidney transplant last year, sources said.
;;-0.0951;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech had said that cryptocurrencies are not legal tender and will take measures on their use as part of payment systems.
;;0.4019;;the party leader also alleged that vijay mallya met finance minister arunjaitley and sought his permission before fleeing the country.
;;0.0;;when mallya himself said that he left after meeting arunjaitley , sought his permission, so what else is there to say, said congress spokesperson pawan khera.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley expects the cash crunch to have a minor impact lasting for a quarter or two.
;;-0.8074;;the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arunjaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president rahul gandhi said the note ban cost 1.
;;0.6597;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today exuded confidence that there will be no more fiscal slippages as the financial position is likely to be comfortable from the next fiscal.
;;0.2732;;buoyed by the verdict, defence minister nirmala sitharaman, who addressed a press conference along with arunjaitley said the matter of rafale deal has been put to rest through the apex court's order.
;;0.0;;the finance ministers of states will now informally meet union finance minister arunjaitley on november 20 to evolve a political consensus on the sticky issue.
;;0.0;;the next meeting of the gst council, headed by arunjaitley , is scheduled for november 24-25.
;;0.34;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on friday said the number of income taxpayers can double to almost 12 crore with increased formalisation of the economy.
;;0.4588;;by ptinew delhi: the government sunday said reports on the deteriorating health of outgoing finance minister arunjaitley are false and baseless, and media should stay clear of rumour mongering.
;;0.0;;while arunjaitley remained unreachable despite several attempts, his office said he is resting at home.
;;-0.4215;;sources aware of his condition had on friday stated that arunjaitley is unlikely to be part of prime minister narendra modi's cabinet in the bjp government's second term due to his ill health, which may require him to travel to either the uk or the us for treatment.
;;0.4939;;hence, to ensure gst is implemented in the country at the appointed date, it is imperative that the constitution (122nd amendment) bill, 2014 is ratified by your state legislature(s) at the earliest, arunjaitley added.
;;0.6597;;as per the scheme, announced by finance minister arunjaitley in budget 2017-18, only registered political parties, which have secured not less than 1 per cent of the votes polled in the last election of the lok sabha or legislative assembly of the state, will be eligible to receive electoral bonds.
;;0.5574;;by ptinew delhi: the supreme court friday dismissed a pil raising allegations against finance minister arunjaitley relating to capital reserve of the reserve bank of india.
;;-0.8369;;by iansnew delhi: declaring that the insolvency resolution process on large bad loan accounts of banks is neither a political nor adversarial issue, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said it is the committee of creditors who would finally decide on the viability of bids made for the bankrupt companies.
;;-0.7506;;to curb large cash transactions and discourage black economy, then finance minister arunjaitley had in the 2017-18 budget proposed to ban transactions of over rs 3 lakh a day.
;;0.3612;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on thursday assured the rajya sabha that prime minister narendra modi will participate in the debate on demonetisation.
;;-0.0333;;hitting out at azad, finance minister and leader of the house arunjaitley angrily said: it has become very clear that the opposition doesn't want a debate.
;;0.2732;;by express news servicevijayawada: congress rajya sabha member kvp ramachandra rao has written a letter to finance minister arunjaitley seeking an inquiry into the irregularities in lic (wages paid in dummy names to temporary workers and discrepancies in regularisation of temporary workers) and do justice to the victims, who mostly belong to sc, st and obc categories.
;;0.4215;;india stands vindicated, finance minister arunjaitley tweeted, adding: .
;;-0.4939;;finance minister arunjaitley had last week pitched for air india's disinvestment saying the carrier's market share is just around 14 per cent whereas the debt burden is rs 50,000 crore.
;;0.0;;according to the budget documents, presented by finance minister arunjaitley on thursday, the estimated workforce of central government establishments will be 35.
;;0.0;;the announcement comes after arunjaitley in his budget speech for 2018-19 said that sebi will consider mandating, beginning with large corporates, meeting about one-fourth of the companies' financing needs from the bond market.
;;0.7506;;new delhi: a day after gdp numbers for fy17 showed slowdown in indias economic growth, especially in the fourth quarter, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday sought to play down reports that demonetisation dragged down the countrys growth.
;;0.3612;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on thursday sought to discount the impact of demonetisation on the indian economy in the wake of the latest gdp figures and dismissed criticism of the government that it has only promoted growth of joblessness in the past three years.
;;0.3612;;at a media conference here on the completion of the nda's three years in office, arunjaitley asserted that there were several factors even before demonetisation like global slowdown which cumulatively impacted the economy.
;;0.8658;;the three distinct advantages of demonetisation, according to arunjaitley , were greater movement towards digitisation, widening of the tax base resulting in 18 per cent increase in revenue in 2016-17, and operation clean money under which it is no longer safe to deal in cash.
;;0.0;;proceedings in both houses of parliament were marred by ruckus even as finance minister arunjaitley introduced the taxation laws (second amendment) bill, 2016, which seeks to tax undisclosed amounts through pradhan mantri garib kalyan deposit scheme, at 2 pm in the lok sabha.
;;0.3818;;finance minister arunjaitley mainly spoke on the benefits of demonetisation.
;;-0.4767;;sunitha natti byexpress news servicemumbai: finance minister arunjaitley is an unlucky man having to prepare the budget amid a slowing economy, falling revenue and rising debt.
;;0.631;;in the current context, arunjaitley should work like a fiscal hawk, donning a fiscal straitjacket, but considering the election year, his government expects him to be bold, yet within the parameters of public spending.
;;0.2732;;by iansnew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley , who is in the us for a medical checkup , will return home on friday, well ahead of the budget presentation on february 1, official sources said.
;;0.0;;the survey, an annual report the health of the economy, was released ahead of the government's budget statement, due to be presented by finance minister arunjaitley on thursday.
;;0.1779;;by aninew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said india will continue to remain among the fastest growing economies in the world.
;;0.7269;;addressing the india-korea business summit here, arunjaitley spoke about the relationship between india and korea, saying koreans have focussed on technology and strengthened their economy, which in itself is inspirational for india.
;;-0.4019;;speaking about the potential of india in global economic environment, arunjaitley asserted that india, in the last few years, has demonstrated, even in a global environment of adversity, a potential to self correct itself, to continue to reform, to take difficult decisions if necessary and maintain a high trajectory growth.
;;-0.8689;;by aninew delhi: senior congress leader kapil sibal on saturday criticised finance minister arunjaitley for blaming regulators over the punjab national bank (pnb) fraud.
;;0.3182;;the former union minister said it was very glib for arunjaitley to say regulators were responsible.
;;-0.3612;;earlier in the day, arunjaitley held regulators and auditors responsible for over rs 11000 crore fraud at pnb.
;;-0.1027;;the governor should stick to the guidelines and follow clear order of preference in the exercise for formation of government in the event of a fractured mandate, sources quoted states representatives arguing in the meeting, which was chaired by the union minister for home affairs rajnath singh and attended by finance minister arunjaitley and scores of chief ministers, including yogi adityanath (uttar pradesh), nitish kumar (bihar), navin patnaik (odisha), raman singh (chattisgarh) among others.
;;0.0772;;however, the union minister for home affairs rajnath singh and finance minister arunjaitley in their respective address to the panel argued that the position of the governor should be allowed to remain the same without any change.
;;0.3818;;addressing a news conference here on thursday, cepci chairman p sundaran said the council has made a representation to union minister for finance arunjaitley and minister of state for commerce & industry nirmala sitharaman, outlining specific issues pertaining to the cashew industry and sought their intervention in resolving them.
;;-0.4215;;washington: finance minister arunjaitley has raised the issue of restrictions on h-1b visa with his us counterpart steven mnuchin as india fears the curb would impact the movement of indian it professionals to america.
;;0.2023;;during his meeting with the us treasury secretary, arunjaitley also highlighted the contribution indian companies and professionals are making to the us economy.
;;0.0;;an official statement said: arunjaitley raised the issue of h-1b visas for skilled professionals from india.
;;0.872;;during the discussions, the statement said arunjaitley pointed out india's ambitious reform agenda which is creating new opportunities towards a deeper economic engagement between both the countries in the years ahead.
;;0.7717;;giving a sense of the governments resolve, union finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday retorted yes, we will.
;;-0.3182;;arun arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) november 29, 2018former finance minister p chidambaram had wednesday called the revision a bad joke.
;;-0.6249;;responding to the criticism, arunjaitley in a blog titled 'when the data speak' said cso has global credibility and no one in india has ever imputed motives to it.
;;-0.2732;;the revised gdp data will end misconceived charges that upa mismanaged the economy' (3rd february, 2015), arunjaitley recalled.
;;0.0516;;weeks before the scheme was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 29, the department had issued vodafone a reminder over its rs 14,200-crore tax demand andthreatened to seize assets in case of non-payment.
;;0.0;;the search committee led by the cabinet secretary had finalised five names to be forwarded to the selection panel, led by prime minister narendra modi and comprising finance minister arunjaitley and the leader opposition in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge.
;;0.2023;;days later, in a renewed push, finance minister arunjaitley met with top lenders, including state bank of india and icici bank, steel and shipping ministry officials and some state-owned companies.
;;0.4019;;in december last year, the top court had imposed a cost of rs 50,000 on sharma for filing a public interest litigation against the then finance minister arunjaitley over an issue related to the reserve bank of india's capital reserve.
;;-0.8126;;a political body can never come to a finding contrary to what the court has said, arunjaitley wrote in a facebook blog, titled 'rafale - lies, shortlived lies and now further lies?
;;0.0;;under area-based exemptions, arunjaitley explained that the centre will reimburse only 58 per cent, who will reimburse the remaining 42 per cent will be decided at next meeting.
;;-0.2023;;amarinder took to twitter to accuse finance minister arunjaitley of complicity.
;;-0.4588;;i challenged arunjaitley to fight by-elections in amritsar and this is how he responds.
;;0.0;;only yesterday amarinder had dared arunjaitley to contest the amritsar bypoll again, saying let it be a referendum on the narendra modi government's demonetisation move.
;;0.5423;;by uninew delhi: close on the heels of a section of congress leaders maintaining that no one knows prime minister narendra modi's 'father's name' vis-a-vis dynastic politics pursued by the grand of old party, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said that contribution of other stalwarts such as sardar vallabhbhai patel and subhash chandra bose was downplayed.
;;0.0;;members of one family are projected as larger than life, mr arunjaitley wrote in his blog posted on facebook.
;;0.1027;;mr arunjaitley stated that the argument given by the congress leader is that if you represent the legacy of a well-known family, it is a political point in your favour.
;;-0.2023;;it further noted that this should allow finance minister arunjaitley to hold the fy18 fiscal deficit at 3.
;;-0.3182;;by aninew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said citizens should bring the bjp government back to power in 2019, as coalition governments do not last for long due to a conflict in ideologies.
;;0.0;;later all these actors met finance minister arunjaitley and submitted a memorandum.
;;-0.5574;;in the 2017-18 budget, finance minister arunjaitley had proposed to ban cash transaction of over rs 3 lakh.
;;0.2023;;days later, in a renewed push, finance minister arunjaitley met with top lenders, including state bank of india and icici bank, steel and shipping ministry officials and some state-owned companies.
;;-0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley also admitted that at the time of division of the state, the issue of revenue and finances had been unfair to andhra pradesh, which has to be compensated.
;;-0.296;;talking to reporters after meeting union finance minister arunjaitley here in the national capital, the kerala cm said sabarimala pilgrimage will start in a few days and we have apprised the union finance minister about the difficulties that pilgrims would face due to demonetisation.
;;0.2023;;the cm and state finance minister thomas issac during their meeting with arunjaitley also pushed for service cooperative banks and state's treasury, be given the status of banks.
;;-0.1027;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on sunday wondered why congress president rahul gandhi gets disturbed when integrity issues of his late father rajiv gandhi-led government are raised and the 'q' connection in the bofors gun-deal is questioned.
;;-0.4588;;chowkidar arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) may 5, 2019jaitley said that even former prime minister indira gandhi was also assassinated and yet the congress is questioned about the emergency and the operation blue star.
;;0.0;;in the budget for 2017-18, finance minister arunjaitley had pegged dividend income from the rbi, public sector banks and financial institutions at rs 74,901 crore.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley will inaugurate the celebrations in new delhi on friday.
;;-0.2023;;congress spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi said their leader rahul gandhi has already wished good health to finance minister arunjaitley and there can be no doubt about the party's intent.
;;0.712;;when the party president has very categorically wished good health to union minister arunjaitley and all the leaders of the bjp, then i think there can be no other question, doubt about the congress' intent and our good wishes to opposition leaders, she told reporters.
;;-0.128;;finance minister arunjaitley will have to do some tightrope walking as he seeks to address the challenges of job creation and rural distress, as well as concerns about fiscal slippages given the additional borrowings and gst collections falling short of the target.
;;0.0;;not to be left behind, union finance minister arunjaitley tweeted, chandigarh traditionally reflects the national mood.
;;0.7579;;by ptijammu: finance minister arunjaitley today exhorted confidence that india will retain its position of fastest growing economy in the coming decades like china did in the last three decades.
;;0.857;;asserting that the jammu and kashmir would have been the most affluent part of the country if not struck by insurgency, arunjaitley hoped that the educated youth will lead the state to achieve its objective of bringing peace and ensure development of all the regions.
;;0.0;;the minister said they have asked finance minister arunjaitley to double the sports budget.
;;0.8225;;kakinada: jana sena chief pawan kalyan unleashed an hour-long torrent of rhetoric the bjp central leadership for reneging on its promise of special category status for andhra pradesh here on friday, leaving an impression on the audience at the jntu-k grounds that he has at last done what chief minister chandrababu naidu could not do when he was presented a rather unspecial special package of financial assistance by union finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said the focus of the government would now be on making new currency available in rural areas.
;;0.0;;the council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising state counterparts, will also review tax rates for some goods in view of representations received from industry.
;;0.3182;;in the latest budget, finance minister arunjaitley has proposed to increase duties on imported cars from next fiscal to 25 per cent, from the present 20 per cent, as a disincentive to imports.
;;0.0;;the event flagged the beginning of the uk-india year of culture 2017 in which finance minister arunjaitley represented the indian side along with a delegation.
;;-0.6597;;quizzed about the unprecedented move by the government to get rbi to discuss issues of its concern by citing a never-used-provision, arunjaitley reeled out instances of central bank governors being forced to resign during congress regimes and his predecessor p chidambaram not being on talking terms with two governors.
;;0.6486;;during his budget speech, finance minister arunjaitley specified that importance would be given to the safety aspect.
;;-0.296;;days after finance minister arunjaitley pitched for air india's disinvestment, civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju said no option has been closed for the airline.
;;0.6369;;finance minister arunjaitley held a video conference with nabard, rbi and all the banks on monday and advising them to ensure crop loan sanction and flow of funds to the dccb and primary agricultural credit societies (pacs).
;;0.0;;the council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley , at its 15th meeting also decided on rates of yarns, agriculture machinery, apparels and rough diamonds among others.
;;-0.1531;;in a move that could push inflation higher in coming months, finance minister arunjaitley increased government spending for rural areas and announced a larger fiscal deficit target in his annual budget speech last week.
;;0.0;;he also said the bjp must give an answer on arunjaitley representing stock broker ketan parekh.
;;0.5574;;new delhi: ensuring gst rollout from april 1, 2017, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said that the government is working to build consensus on tight issues like jurisdiction of assessees.
;;-0.8225;;on may 3 last year, former finance minister arunjaitley said india will ask the fatf to put pakistan on a blacklist of countries that fail to meet international standards in stopping financial crime.
;;0.1027;;the delegation refused to accept pmos suggestion to meet finance minister arunjaitley instead.
;;0.0;;by iansnew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley would be leaving saturday night on a two-day official visit to saudi arabia to co-chair the 12th india-saudi arabia joint commission meeting (jcm) on february 18-19, an official statement said here.
;;0.4767;;new delhi: union finance minister arunjaitley on thursday rued the decline of humour and satire in indian politics.
;;-0.5859;;seeking replies from finance minister arunjaitley on 12 questions emanating from the budget and plaguing the economy, chidambaram termed the government's economic policies as a betrayal of the country, claiming that all norms of fiscal prudence have been thrown out of the window.
;;0.34;;the leader of the house arunjaitley said the ordinance containing the amendments in the act would lapse on march 14, 2017 and the issue had security implications.
;;-0.34;;the rbi's policies also need to be in sync with the economic policies, arunjaitley stressed.
;;-0.7351;;anuradha shukla byexpress news servicenew delhi: the public spat between the finance ministry and rbi escalated further with finance minister arunjaitley openly criticising the central bank for the pile-up of bad loans due to excessive lending between 2008 and 2014.
;;0.6597;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley sought parliamentary approval on wednesday to increase net spending by 351.
;;0.6705;;mungantiwar, who was in delhi to attend a three-day meet of the gst council chaired by union finance minister arunjaitley , said he has succeeded in convincing the council that maharashtra should get compensation in lieu of octroi collected by the mumbai civic body.
;;0.0;;union finance minister arunjaitley with minister of state santosh gangwar at a press conference on the goods and services tax gst in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.4019;;the finance minister arunjaitley explained the rationale behind the decision to the leaders of all parties in the meeting, which was chaired by the prime minister in the parliament complex.
;;0.0;;the union minister for finance arunjaitley introduced the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill.
;;0.4767;;mudita girotra byexpress news servicetill about five years ago, senior bjp leader and former finance minister arunjaitley used to take a stroll at the lodi gardens with his friends every morning.
;;0.0;;about 15 years ago, arunjaitley had a heart surgery.
;;0.5719;;also read: memories of arunjaitley the lawyer: when he argued a case for freefor his close friends, with whom he spent the first few hours of the day at one time, it is unfortunate for a great individual like him to have a string of bad luck.
;;0.0258;;grover, who describes arunjaitley as the best human being, will always remember how he stood by him during a crisis.
;;-0.6808;;i remember when my daughter-in-law died in 2009, mr arunjaitley cancelled his birthday celebrations to be with us.
;;0.0;;laloo prasad, who has been serving this group tea and lemonade for around 15 years, observed arunjaitley from far.
;;0.0;;former attorney general mukul rohatgi recalls the period between 1978 to 1998 when his chamber was adjacent to arunjaitley at the high court.
;;0.7579;;we commend finance minister arunjaitley for his ambitious, out of the box thinking by covering the bottom 40 per cent of all households under the health insurance scheme 'ayushman bharat', rishi told pti, adding that this bold and pragmatic step will help the poor and low income families.
;;0.0;;rishi lauded arunjaitley for making a pitch for the 'technologies of the future' in his budget speech.
;;0.3818;;union minister for finance arunjaitley addressing at the 4th annual growth net summit in new delhi.
;;-0.25;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley has called for a review meeting on september 16 with the chiefs of all psu banks to address the problem of high non performing assets.
;;-0.5639;;new delhi: dispelling rumours that finance minister arunjaitley was unaware of demonetisation, power minister piyush goyal today said he knew it and kept it as secret despite being very friendly and open.
;;0.4101;;every body wanted to know how mr arunjaitley could keep the secret so well.
;;0.4019;;asked whether arunjaitley knew it, he replied, yes obviously.
;;0.0;;the committee was constituted following the announcement made by the then finance minister arunjaitley in budget 2018-19.
;;-0.8074;;finance minister arunjaitley tweeted: saddened by the death of yogi c deveshwar, chairman itc.
;;0.128;;12 lakh crore recapitalisation plan has turned out to be a moral hazard in view of the corporates' inability to repay loans, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said that capital infusion is solely aimed at strengthening the banking system.
;;0.4728;;thats the pace at which our research really should progress, said arunjaitley in his speech.
;;0.4854;;finance minister arunjaitley has spoken on the matter but confusion remains, he said, adding that the supreme court in its judgement never said there should not be a jpc probe.
;;-0.4767;;but thats something finance minister arunjaitley avoided in the past four budgets, styling himself as a fiscal hawk.
;;0.6808;;also read: punjab national bank fraud case: financial services secretary updates arunjaitley day for companies and outlets owned or partnered by the 46-year-old diamond merchant, who has fled the country on january 1, began with the enforcement directorate (ed) carrying out searches at properties linked to him in mumbai, delhi and gujarat and claiming to have seized gold and diamond jewellery and precious stones worth rs 5,100 crore.
;;0.4215;;the survey, tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley on monday, also said the reform measures undertaken in 2017-18 can be strengthened further in 2018-19.
;;0.6808;;if it is on demonetisation issue, let opposition resume the debate and dr manmohan singh speak: finance minister arunjaitley in rs  ani (@ani_news) november 24, 2016keeping up the heat of the house, bahujan samaj party supremo mayawati wasnt far behind, and said pm should come in the house and participate in the debate.
;;-0.9062;;a war of words followed, with finance minister arunjaitley pontificating that rbi failed to check indiscriminate lending during 2008-2014, which caused the prevailing npa crisis.
;;0.0516;;bhubaneswar: union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas today welcomed the announcement of union finance minister arunjaitley for construction of strategic crude oil reserves at two more locations including chandikhol in jajpur district.
;;0.7003;;pradhan also thanked arunjaitley for making budgetary provision for 2,000 kms of coastal roads which will facilitate better connectivity with ports and remote villages.
;;0.296;;expressing gratitude to the people for reposing their faith in the bjp/ nda, arunjaitley questioned the accountability of those who were bringing a bad name to india's democracy both domestically and internationally by raking up the vvpat issue.
;;0.5423;;while the finance minister arunjaitley will reportedly give as many as 80 interviews to the television channels, other union ministers, besides the bjp leaders, would be reaching out to the media to give clarifications and messages that the economy would get a major boost following the demonetization.
;;-0.926;;also read | rbi head should work with government or quit, says official at key hindu group rssthere were reports of mounting tension between the ministry of finance and the reserve bank of india (rbi) over the autonomy of monetary policy makers after finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday criticised the central bank for failing to check indiscriminate lending during 2008 and 2014 that has led to the present bad loan or non-performing asset (npa) crisis in the banking industry.
;;0.0;;asked whether finance minister arunjaitley will travel to pakistan to attend the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) finance ministers' meeting, the sources said a decision on it has not been firmly made.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: prime minister narendra modi wednesday met finance minister arunjaitley , hours after he announced his decision not to seek a ministerial berth in the new government.
;;0.0;;as finance minister, arunjaitley steered through parliament major economic legislation such as the goods and services tax (gst), which had languished for nearly two decades.
;;-0.4588;;by express news servicenew delhi: brushing aside apprehensions that the autonomy of reserve bank (rbi) is under threat, finance minister arunjaitley on friday maintained that the government respects the independence of the central bank and raising issues do not infringe on the same.
;;0.296;;read | arunjaitley admits some areas of differences between centre, rbi.
;;0.6597;;while demonetisation is the right step in curbing black money, more needs to be done to prevent those holding black money from converting it to white and to also ensure that after a few months things dont go back to the way they were, a special investigation team on black money wrote in a letter to union finance minister arunjaitley on friday.
;;0.5423;;rao has already written a letter to union finance minister arunjaitley through visakhapatnam mp k haribabu, requesting a relaxation on cash withdrawal limits for businessmen.
;;0.34;;this fall came despite a quick clarification from finance minister arunjaitley on sunday that the government was not planning a hike in the capital gains tax.
;;0.0;;the draft law would be taken up for consideration by the gst council headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising all state representatives at the next meeting on december 2-3.
;;0.0;;new delhi: with an aim to push the national medical council bill, 2016, the prime minister narendra modi has constituted a group of ministers (gom) under finance minister arunjaitley to arrive at a consensus with the state governments on the constitution of the board, which would replace the medical council of india (mci).
;;0.0;;the council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising representatives of all states, has been very cordial and all decisions till now have been taken by consensus.
;;0.0;;union finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech announced that head post offices will be used as front office for passport services.
;;0.5267;;meanwhile, minister a c moideen has written to union minister arunjaitley urging him to immediately withdraw the measures crippling keralas vibrant cooperative sector.
;;-0.0772;;manish anand byexpress news servicenew delhi: amid intense speculation on the position of arunjaitley in the union cabinet in view of his ill health, the outgoing finance minister on wednesday wrote to prime minister-elect narendra modi saying he wanted to opt out.
;;0.3182;;later in the day, modi called on him, triggering a fresh buzz on his offering arunjaitley a ministerial berth without portfolio.
;;0.0;;union home minister rajnath singh will head the partys manifesto committee while finance minister arunjaitley will be in-charge of the eight-member publicity wing that also have piyush goyal, rajyavardhan singh rathore, mahesh sharma and rajeev chandrasekhar.
;;0.0;;according to arunjaitley , bulk of the fdi proposals will come under the automatic route.
;;-0.7964;;regulators must have a third eyefinance minister arunjaitley on saturday slammed regulators for failing to detect the h11,400-crore fraud at punjab national bank for seven long years, saying unlike politicians, regulators in the indian system are unaccountable.
;;0.0;;this was at variance with the claims of the prime minister as also finance minister arunjaitley , petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and chief economic advisor arvind subramanian, he said.
;;-0.5859;;finance minister arunjaitley presented the budget for next fiscal in parliament yesterday in which he planned to cut fiscal deficit to 3.
;;-0.807;;by ptinew delhi: the congress said it was deeply saddened to hear about the passing away of former finance minister arunjaitley , who died at aiims on saturday.
;;0.34;;a perusal of the budgeted revenue receipts and expenditure, however, indicate that finance minister arunjaitley has opted to play it by the ear -- leaving both subsidy provisions and taxation largely unchanged.
;;-0.6124;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget for 2018-19 announced the national health protection scheme (nhps) announced to provide health insurance cover of rs 5 lakh to over 10 crore poor and vulnerable families.
;;0.0;;and in addition, the one per cent extra education and health cess proposed by arunjaitley in the budget will annually yield rs 11,000 crore.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in washington met the commerce secretary of the us and had conveyed the concerns surrounding the developments on h1b visa regulations.
;;0.1779;;bengaluru: higher education minister basavaraja rayareddy called on union finance minister arunjaitley in new delhi on tuesday and submitted a memorandum to extend income tax exemption to visvesvaraya technological university (vtu), belagavi.
;;0.8402;;we'll announce measures in the budget to promote investment in the tourism sector, a top finance ministry official told reuters, adding that finance minister arunjaitley favours lowering a 28 percent tax on hotel tariffs, and offering incentives to attract private investments.
;;0.5719;;the niti aayog strategy paper, released here on wednesday by finance minister arunjaitley , calls for annual nine per cent gdp growth to create sufficient jobs and achieve prosperity for all.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley sought to distinguish between slogans and sound policies.
;;0.5574;;according to the survey, tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley , significant progress has been made for the corporate insolvency resolution process (cirp) to enable banks to realise their dues.
;;-0.5719;;the mood of the government became apparent when finance minister arunjaitley lashed out at auditors in his first reaction to the scam.
;;0.0;;he was addressing the media along with finance minister arunjaitley and sebi chief ajay tyagi.
;;-0.7351;;but the speaker rejected the demand saying every now and then calling the prime minister was not necessary as finance minister arunjaitley has already made a statement on the issue.
;;0.1779;;finance minister arunjaitley is looking for solutions.
;;-0.5423;;on the issue of bad debts in the banking system, sinha said finance minister arunjaitley in the economic survey said in 2014 the npas stood at rs 2.
;;-0.4215;;one of the most prolific voices in the modi government and a key strategist, arunjaitley did not contest the current lok sabha elections presumably because of his ill health.
;;-0.4019;;anuradha shukla and vaijyanthi m c byexpress news servicenew delhi/mumbai: the liquidity problem faced by the non-banking financial sector (nbfc) was flagged at the financial stability development council (fsdc) meeting in new delhi on tuesday which was attended by finance minister arunjaitley and reserve bank governor urjit patel along with all the four deputy governors and other ministry officials.
;;-0.296;;the chief minister, who was on his way to delhi, said he that would try to meet finance minister arunjaitley to convey the states difficulties after the demonetisation.
;;-0.4939;;by express news servicenew delhi: the mortal remains of former finance minister arunjaitley , who died on saturday, have reached his residence here.
;;-0.7269;;new delhi: the aam aadmi party (aap) on sunday alleged that they had received death threats from arunjaitley legal team during the court proceedings in the defamation battle between delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and the union finance minister.
;;-0.6808;;earlier, arunjaitley had filed a criminal defamation complaint against kejriwal and five other aap leaders for allegedly defaming him in the patiala house court, while a civil defamation case was filed in the delhi high court.
;;0.0;;in a written reply to a question in rajya sabha, pradhan said finance minister arunjaitley in the 2017-18 budget unveiled government's plan to create integrated public sector oil majors through consolidation, mergers and acquisitionsso as that the merged company has capacity to bear higher risks, avail economies of scale, take higher investment decisions and is able to match the performance of international and domestic private companies.
;;0.25;;bhubaneswar: union finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
;;0.0;;therewould be 0  tax on most food itemsarun arunjaitley , finance ministerthis, according to sources, will amount to a total of 40-65 per cent tax on these products.
;;0.2263;;according to finance minister arunjaitley , the new tax structure would allow items that are currently taxed at rates close to the announced rates to be adjusted accordingly.
;;0.0;;what arunjaitley is not telling you is that modi did not even asked him about demonetisation that is the way government of india is being run.
;;0.4767;;he said the centre will put the package announced by finance minister arunjaitley for cabinet approval.
;;0.4767;;the centre is putting the same package announced by finance minister arunjaitley for cabinet approval and sanction, the mos for science and technology & earth sciences said.
;;-0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget for 2018/19 said the fiscal deficit target for the current year has been raised to 3.
;;0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley signed the multilateral convention, an outcome of the oecd/g20 project to tackle base erosion and profit shifting.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: days after finance minister arunjaitley indicated the announcement of lower income tax rates in the union budget, prime minister narendra modi met with independent economists and experts at niti aayog on tuesday and solicited their suggestions on the ways to bring down the tax rates.
;;0.1027;;this is the second time that arunjaitley is holding the additional portfolio of defence ministry during the present nda government.
;;-0.296;;last year, finance minister arunjaitley had informed parliament that there were no regulations governing virtual currencies in india and the rbi had not given any licence to any entity/company to operate such currencies.
;;0.0;;in today's cabinet meeting the issue was not an agenda to be discussed but cabinet was briefed about it: finance minister arunjaitley on the dissolution of j&k assembly pic.
;;0.2057;;even if the highest court decides on this issue (sharing of water), we will not give even a drop of water, he said in the presence of finance minister arunjaitley and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.5267;;badal, while soliciting the personal attention of arunjaitley and shah, categorically stated that people were making sarcastic remarks for not getting these territorial issues resolved through the intervention of nda government at the centre, in which the sad is an ally.
;;0.0;;the modi-led group of ministers (gom) has been tasked with submitting its report to the gst council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising his state counterparts, within 15 days.
;;0.6652;;meanwhile, chief minister naveen patnaik has written to union finance minister arunjaitley to instruct the reserve bank of india and commercial banks to provide mobile banking services or set up temporary counters in unbanked panchayats to ensure that people do not suffer due to demonetisation.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the centre will not assist state governments decision to undertake fiscal leverage in waiving farm loans, finance minister arunjaitley reiterated on monday.
;;-0.296;;cashless economy means less cash economydigital transactions are a parallel mechanism, not a substitute, for cash transactions and a cashless economy is actually a less cash economy as no economy can be fully cashless, union finance minister arunjaitley clarified at the meeting of the consultative committee attached to the ministry of finance.
;;0.0;;the data which was tabled by finance minister arunjaitley in response to a question in the lok sabha listed 37 financial institutions and government departments, out of which 32 institutions had spent more on hindi and english advertisements between 2014 and 2017.
;;0.7003;;he informed me that he would like to go back to the united states on account of pressing family commitments arunjaitley posted and later tweeted.
;;0.0;;they would only consolidate it, arunjaitley wrote.
;;-0.2057;;the prime ministers speech on taxing capital markets, despite being negated by finance minister arunjaitley has not gone down well with them.
;;0.2023;;in the absence of tangible successes and to stave off another credibility crisis, finance minister arunjaitley simply decided to keep calm and carry on.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget 2017-18 speech had announced the setting up of an integrated oil company after about 12 years of a similar proposal suggested by the then oil minister mani shankar aiyer.
;;-0.7659;;new delhi: slamming the congress for playing politics over an ex-soldier's suicide, finance minister arunjaitley today blamed administrative lapse on the part of bank for not remitting the entitled pension after he was granted orop.
;;0.0;;it was only during the lok sabha elections in april that they said a committee will be set up to work out the functional modalities of orop, arunjaitley added.
;;-0.4019;;according to arunjaitley , the issues arose because there was change in address, some were not traceable or some have calculation error.
;;0.8074;;the action attract strong comments from former finance minister arunjaitley who advised the agency against adventurism.
;;0.6908;;the two were present at the event where the feroz shah kotla stadium was rechristened after former finance minister arunjaitley and a special stand dedicated to kohli.
;;0.8807;;speaking on the occasion, kohli spoke of how special the evening was and how it was double joy as the stadium was also named in honour of arunjaitley on the same evening.
;;0.0;;and whatever ddca does for arunjaitley is not enough given his contribution.
;;-0.296;;talking to reporters after meeting union finance minister arunjaitley here in the national capital, the kerala chief minister said sabarimala pilgrimage will start in a few days and we have apprised the union finance minister about the difficulties that pilgrims would face due to demonetisation.
;;-0.5859;;new delhi: the government on monday continued to allay fears of currency shortage, with prime minister narendra modi holding a follow up meeting on sunday night, that was in turn followed by another meeting attended by finance minister arunjaitley , rbi governor urjit patel and rbi deputy governor r gandhi.
;;0.4019;;in a letter to finance minister arunjaitley , yechury said that the electoral bonds, along with the retrospective amendment to the fcra (foreign contribution regulation act) that allows indirect political funding by foreign companies and the lifting of the maximum limit that corporates can contribute to political parties are the most retrogressive steps taken towards political funding and must be rolled back.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: the finance minister arunjaitley informed the bjp parliamentary party meeting on tuesday that the goods and services tax (gst), which would be rolled out on july 1, would be fully implemented across the country by september 15.
;;0.6369;;meanwhile, finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said that growth must not be throttled by limiting credit availability and liquidity.
;;0.5688;;earlier in the day, finance minister arunjaitley assured that there was more than adequate currency in circulation and plenty was available with banks.
;;0.1027;;amid the uproar, finance minister arunjaitley moved the supplementary demand for grants - the second batch for 2018-19 -- and introduced a bill to further amend the companies act in the 20 minutes the house functioned before being adjourned till 2 pm.
;;0.1336;;meanwhile, arunjaitley pointed out that banks have to think out of the box about what the government can do and what the banks can do, adding that he does not see any serious challenges in structural changes.
;;0.6969;;in the last full budget just presented by finance minster arunjaitley before the 2019 general elections, the government announced that it would spend more on agriculture, livelihood and infrastructure in the rural area and increased funds for crop insurance, rural roads, irrigation besides setting higher targets for farm credit.
;;-0.5647;;last week, finance minister arunjaitley criticised regulators, as well as bank managements and auditors, for their failure to detect bank frauds saying politicians are accountable but regulators are not.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley projected 3.
;;0.0;;the electoral bonds scheme of political donations was introduced by the finance minister arunjaitley while presenting the budget of fiscal year 2017-18.
;;0.1027;;finance minister arunjaitley called the verdict balanced, saying the centres decision to send verma and his deputy rakesh asthana on leave based on the cvcs report.
;;0.0;;earlier, the cm had invited union finance minister arunjaitley to attend the plenary session of 'make in odisha' conclave in the city on december 1.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley (l) and world bank president jim yong kim (r) take the stage for a panel discussion at the annual meetings of the imf and world bank group in washington.
;;0.4215;;the ministerial panel on labour issues headed by finance minister arunjaitley has already approved the code on wages.
;;0.0258;;intervening amidst protests and slogan shouting by opposition members on the issue, finance minister arunjaitley accused the congress of playing with the security of the country and making a mountain where even a mole hill does not exist.
;;0.2023;;he masterminded the government strategy to repel the legal challenge, arunjaitley added.
;;-0.2732;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on friday admitted that the disruption from demonetisation of old high denomination notes and the cash crunch that has followed will continue for a while.
;;0.5106;;according to arunjaitley , the cash crunch will ease only after december 30 and the disruption to the economy and growth will likely extend to a quarter or so.
;;0.0;;by aninew delhi: tabled in parliament on monday by finance minister arunjaitley , the economic survey has estimated that the indian economy will grow by 7-7.
;;0.0;;the council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley , in its six meetings so far has taken unanimous decisions on 10 issues while three more -- dual control, list of items in tax bracket and model cgst and igst laws -- are still pending.
;;-0.9287;;after the former prime minister manmohan singh launched scathing attack on government with accusation of monumental mismanagement, union finance minister arunjaitley in a counter attack wondered that those who ran the government between 2004-14, which presided over scams and scandals, is calling demonetization a blunder.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had budgeted 701 billion rupees for farm subsidies in year ending march 31.
;;0.7783;;finance minister arunjaitley addressing a press conference to explain his ministrys achievements in the past three years in new delhi on thursday | shekhar yadavnew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today made a strong case for sale of air india as he asked how fair it was to use rs 55,000-60,000 crore of tax payers' money on the national carrier for having just 14 per cent market share.
;;-0.6808;;however, finance minister arunjaitley had later clarified that there was no such proposal and the centre has no power to impose tax on agricultural income.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will attend the annual meeting of china-led asian infrastructure investment bank to be held in mid-june in south korea.
;;0.0;;the announcement was made by finance minister arunjaitley after the cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.3818;;finance minister arunjaitley defended the governments action saying it had to be done to maintain the integrity of the agency.
;;0.0;;it was already mentioned by (finance minister arun) mr arunjaitley that this is one issue which is still pending before the gst council, and it will take a decision.
;;0.4963;;however, finance minister arunjaitley clarified on sunday that the government did not plan to impose long-term capital gains tax, though that was not enough to prevent selling on monday.
;;-0.1779;;on the second anniversary of demonetisation on november 8, finance minister arunjaitley staunchly defended the demonetisation drive, saying 'prophets of doom' have been proven wrong as hard data of two years shows an increase in tax base, greater formalisation of the economy and india retaining the fastest growing economy tag for the fifth year in a row.
;;0.0;;the statements come the same day finance minister arunjaitley sought more investment from the beijing-headquartered multi-national body, stating that multilateral lending is needed to bridge the infrastructure gap in the asian region.
;;0.85;;during his address, arunjaitley stated that india aspires to not only conventional infrastructure creation but also rural infrastructure so that the quality of life, for those people can improve effectively.
;;0.6808;;with india being an active participant in the aiib, arunjaitley pointed out that the bank has started working effectively in less than three years.
;;0.2382;;the government is in favour of making gstn a wholly-owned company with 100 per cent shareholding, but a final call would be taken by the gst council, headed by arunjaitley and comprising state counterparts, in its next meeting, the source said.
;;-0.2023;;for the month of november 2016, which could have been adversely impacted by currency replacement, on a year on year basis, all three indirect taxes collection is much higher, arunjaitley added.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley needs to impart a big push to the economic activity in the budget  coming up in a month -- through not just raising spending on socio-economic infrastructure but dealing with the fallout of the cash recall exercise.
;;0.0;;the opposition slammed that the union budget presented by the finance minister arunjaitley for lacking directions and purpose.
;;0.0;;amaravati: union finance minister arunjaitley will lay the foundation stone tomorrow for the construction of financial and administrative cities in andhra pradesh's new capital region, but the very construction of amaravati seems to have gone back to square one after hitting roadblocks.
;;-0.296;;finance minister arunjaitley speaks at a press conference in new delhi explaining the difficulties in undertaking as mammoth a step as demonitisation.
;;0.3612;;in a bid to ease the crunch caused by soaring fuel prices, finance minister arunjaitley had, on october 4, announced a reduction of rs 2.
;;-0.5719;;finance minister arunjaitley on monday attributed the downslide in the bourses to the negative global cues.
;;-0.8271;;finance minister arunjaitley came to the defence of rbi governor urjit patel in the wake of criticism by ramesh, saying it is an unfair attack and politicians should refrain from making comments on those who cannot defend themselves.
;;-0.1027;;in a series of tweets, arunjaitley questioned the knowledge of gandhi saying how much does he know?
;;-0.5719;;arun arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) january 2, 2019compare two unequals and call it a scam  arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) january 2, 2019even in the offer made to the upa government there were two different prices one of the flyaway aircraft and the offer of the weaponised aircraft.
;;0.0;;as the national democratic alliance (nda) government braces to present its last full budget on thursday before seeking re-election, expectations are running high that finance minister arunjaitley will include the much-needed goodies in the tax basket.
;;-0.296;;while we shall soon know if arunjaitley will leave more money in our pockets lowering taxes or if he will do otherwise, here's all you need to know about the tax slabs and some of the key exemptions.
;;-0.3818;;the announcement by finance minister arunjaitley discouraging the use of cryptocurrencies has come as a big blow to the segment which has been trying to establish itself as an alternate, secure and transparent payment mechanism, said tarun bhatia, managing director, kroll, a risk consulting firm.
;;0.0;;the gst was rolled out under the direction of finance minister arunjaitley in 2017.
;;0.0;;by iansnew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday alleged that congress leaders rahul gandhi and digvijaya singh had suddenly discovered religiosity and said elections are a convenient season for all the neo-converts.
;;0.3612;;advising people not to throng banks as there is enough time to exchange the junked notes, finance minister arunjaitley has assured them that taxman will not hound those making small deposits in scrapped rs 500 or rs 1,000 currency.
;;0.0;;the revenue department is not going to take notice of small depositors, arunjaitley added.
;;0.0;;or is it modi vs chaos,' arunjaitley wondered.
;;0.8519;;all four ambitious politicians pursue fanciful strategies to replace pm @narendramodi, however, congress can at best dream only to be a pillion rider, arunjaitley noted.
;;0.2023;;the mps and mlas would also meet union finance minister arunjaitley and union food and civil supplies minister ramvilas paswan to present the important issues faced by the people of the state.
;;0.7906;;somrita ghosh byexpress news servicesunday lunching for former finance minister arunjaitley would mean visiting his favourite restaurant moti mahal in greater kailash along with his friends and engaging in long chats while polishing off his favourite bara and chicken pakodas, remembers the restaurant chains owner monish gujral.
;;0.0;;mr arunjaitley during the book launch said the reason why kfc couldnt make any headway is because of moti mahals chicken pakodas, so they flew back.
;;0.2718;;on demonetisation of high currency notes, sgpc president said the committee will write to finance minister arunjaitley to extend the date of depositing high currency notes of religious places as huge amount was being donated by devotees daily in gurdwaras and it is not easy for the sgpc to deal with the situation in the present period of exchanging currency.
;;0.0258;;according to finance minister arunjaitley , this amendment has been done to prevent round-tripping of funds, misused for tax evasion.
;;0.0;;by express news servicenew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on friday trashed the oppositions allegations of mismanagement of the economy in the rajya sabha citing data during the nda regime vis-a-vis the upa government.
;;0.7003;;new delhi: weeks before he presents india's first combined general and railway budget, finance minister arunjaitley today made a strong case for outsourcing of non-core functions like hospitality services of indian railways and pressed for a transparent accounting system.
;;0.5719;;finance minister arunjaitley , minister for external affairs sushma swaraj and the law ministry had a say in the decision to send harish salve and he did an excellent job, prasad said.
;;0.0;;new delhi: ahead of the next monetary policy review, reserve bank governor urjit patel today called on finance minister arunjaitley and believed to have discussed various macro-economic issues.
;;0.0;;before meeting arunjaitley , patel had a meeting with economic affairs secretary tapan ray.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will chair the 15th meeting of the gst council in new delhi today, where the rates of tax and cess on gold, biscuits and a few other commodities are likely to be finalised.
;;0.2732;;then, on january 11 and 12, as well as on january 13, a host of seminars on 'make in gujarat, action seminar, and other events will be held, the chief secretary said, adding union finance minister arunjaitley is likely to be present ingst seminar.
;;-0.4215;;editorial | timing of new quota bill gives away its real intentwhile the opposition criticised the government for extending the session to take up the bill, finance minister arunjaitley reminded them that the house was adjourned on most working days, when the country expected parliament to function.
;;0.6486;;in september 2018, the alternative mechanism headed by finance minister arunjaitley gave in-principle approval for the merger of the three banks with a view to creating a global-sized lender.
;;0.0;;this year, however, the model code of conduct would not be in place when finance minister arunjaitley presents his sixth consecutive budget on february 1.
;;0.0;;as part of reviving the ailing airline, the government decided on air india's strategic disinvestment last year and a group of ministers, headed by finance minister arunjaitley , is working out the modalities of the stake sale.
;;-0.4588;;surjewala's criticism came after the allegation made by finance minister arunjaitley , who had stated that the opposition parties 'ill advised statement is being used by pakistan to bolster its case.
;;0.0;;why, then is india's opposition alleging that the government is politicising our anti-terror operations, arunjaitley had tweeted.
;;-0.7003;;irresponsible politics and irresponsible economics is only a race to the bottom, arunjaitley added.
;;0.5859;;legislative affairs minister yanamala ramakrishnudu said the government on its own agreed to make a statement in the house on the announcement made by union finance minister arunjaitley extending a special financial package to ap.
;;0.0;;the fifth meeting of the goods and services tax (gst) council, headed by union finance minister arunjaitley and comprising state finance ministers, ended today.
;;-0.3818;;they also said that group of ministers headed by finance minister arunjaitley on labour issues has not called unions for any discussion since september 2, 2015, strike which left them with no other option but to go on another strike.
;;-0.3875;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said deposits of now-defunct old rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax.
;;0.4019;;responding to a question, arunjaitley acknowledged, the decision will have ramifications on political parties and election.
;;0.0;;it may be recalled that the chief minister had last week met union finance minister arunjaitley to seek immediate authorization and release of `20,683 crore ccl from the central government for smooth and timely wheat procurement in the state.
;;-0.7906;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today accused the opposition of inventing reasons to run away from a debate on demonetisation and took a swipe at former pm manmohan singh's over his criticism, saying it is no surprise that he is unhappy as maximum blackmoney was generated under his rule.
;;-0.5866;;as the rajya sabha was repeatedly adjourned with opposition insisting that the prime minister be present during the entire debate, arunjaitley lashed out at the opposition saying it was not keen on debate but on disruption.
;;-0.5994;;lashing out at the previous upa government, arunjaitley alleged that the maximum black money was generated during the 2004-14 as well as the period was engulfed in various scams like 2g and coal scam.
;;0.0;;new delhi: with the fifth meeting of the goods and services tax (gst) council remaining inconclusive as the impasse over the issue of assessee jurisdiction continued, union finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said he was keeping his fingers crossed.
;;0.0;;mumbai: the market notched up its biggest single-session rally in about three weeks today to end above the 26,000-mark as sensex rebounded by over 406 points after finance minister arunjaitley underlined the need to have globally compatible tax rates to broad-base the economy.
;;0.2263;;sentiment changed for the better after arunjaitley clarified that the government has no intention to impose tax on long-term capital gains, triggering buying by investors, which saw the indices regain key levels, traders said.
;;0.4588;;this will benefit the entire class of micro, small and medium enterprises which accounts for almost 99 per cent of companies filing their tax returns, arunjaitley noted.
;;0.296;;by ptinew delhi: reserve bank governor shaktikanta das called on outgoing finance minister arunjaitley here on sunday.
;;0.2023;;dispelling such rumours, the government sunday said reports on the deteriorating health of arunjaitley are false and baseless, and media should stay clear of rumour mongering.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 1 had announced the scrapping of the inter- ministerial body, which comes under the ministry's department of economic affairs.
;;-0.6249;;the peoples representatives from the state will also meet finance minister arunjaitley and food minister ram vilas paswan to apprise the ground realities in the consumer state viz-a-viz currency reforms/ration quota cuts/co-operative sector crisis.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley will be presenting first post-gst budget on february 1, 2018.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will travel to paris next week to sign the oecd multilateral convention that aims to check crossborder tax evasion by multinational companies.
;;0.0;;during his three-day visit beginning june 7, arunjaitley will also attend the oecd ministerial council meeting, in which ministers from the oecd and partner countries will discuss issues of global relevance.
;;0.6597;;besides signing mli, arunjaitley on june 7 and 8 will attend the oecd's ministerial council meeting, which will discuss a new inclusive growth narrative centred on improving well-being for all in open and digitised economies and define a more people-centred approach to international standard- setting.
;;0.0;;a memorandum has been submitted to the finance minister arunjaitley to prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;union finance minister arunjaitley , union minister for parliamentary affairs ananth kumar and union minister for information and broadcasting venkiah naidu went into a huddle after both the houses were adjourned for the day following persisting ruckus.
;;-0.2732;;further, finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech said corporate tax for 2018-19 has been cut to 25 percent for companies with revenue up to rs 250 crore, while personal income tax remains untouched.
;;-0.6705;;he also accused finance minister arunjaitley of remaining silent on the punjab national bank (pnb) scam to protect his lawyer daughter, who, he said, was a paid retainer of accused mehul choksi.
;;0.2023;;there is 'chowkidar' (watchman) on top, there is arunjaitley below and further below shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.1154;;gandhi said the modi government has waived off loans of big industrialists but when farmers want the waiver of their loans, where the amount involved in much less, arunjaitley would not oblige.
;;0.8555;;by ptinew delhi: former finance minister arunjaitley was cremated at the nigambodh ghat here with full state honours on sunday in the presence of relatives, top leaders from across the political spectrum and scores of his admirers and party workers.
;;0.1531;;a visibly emotional naidu, who had worked closely with arunjaitley in the bjp, stood with folded hands for several minutes near the body.
;;0.8442;;read more | rip arun jaitley: the man who guided modi through the corridors of powerprime minister narendra modi, who is on a foreign visit, had on saturday paid an emotional tribute to arunjaitley , saying he cannot imagine that he was far away from india in bahrain while his dear friend and party colleague passed away in new delhi.
;;0.4019;;party workers remembered arunjaitley as a leader who always helped them when they were in need.
;;0.3348;;a bjp worker from girideeh in jharkhan, raj kishore, who waited patiently outside the bjp office to pay homage to arunjaitley , termed him as a sober politician who never hurt anyone with his words or deeds.
;;0.0;;the prime minister will be accompanied by finance minister arunjaitley , commerce and industry minister suresh prabhu among others.
;;0.6597;;by ptinew delhi: in a bid to clean up election funding, finance minister arunjaitley today came out with contours of new 'electoral bonds' that can be bought from specified branches of sbi and used to donate money to political parties.
;;0.2263;;5-5 lakh income bracket, the family should benefit from the tax cut (from 10 per cent to 5 per cent) announced by finance minister arunjaitley in the budget 2017-18.
;;0.0772;;the number of income tax assessees, according to finance minister arunjaitley , may have nearly doubled from 3.
;;0.4404;;thiruvananthapuram: finance minister thomas isaac has urged union finance minister arunjaitley to relax the rs 24,000 cash payment limit on governments salary and pension payments.
;;-0.0258;;in a letter to arunjaitley , isaac said the current restriction would hamper the interests of 10.
;;0.5423;;he also requested arunjaitley to give instructions to the rbi to ensure sufficient fund flow to the treasuries department.
;;0.4019;;in december last year, the top court imposed a cost of rs 50,000 on sharma for filing public interest litigation against finance minister arunjaitley over an issue related to the reserve bank of india's capital reserve.
;;-0.2263;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday made a strong defence of the note ban move, saying it resulted in formalisation of economy and increased tax base, with the government earmarking more resources for the poor and infrastructure development.
;;-0.8402;;finance minister arunjaitley also questioned the prophets of doom, as he called the congress leaders for predicting that demonetisation would have disastrous consequences while listing out the benefits of note ban.
;;0.0;;separately, arunjaitley in a social media post titled impact of demonetisation asserted that the exercise had helped tackle tax evasion.
;;-0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley set the government's fiscal deficit at 3.
;;0.1779;;3 percent after arunjaitley announced the long-term capital gains tax, but was flat as of 0956 gmt.
;;0.0;;it became a part of the formal system, arunjaitley added.
;;-0.296;;in the present instance, then finance minister arunjaitley informed the rajya sabha in march that nirav modi obtained his first fraudulent guarantee from pnb on march 10, 2011 and another 1,212 such guarantees till may 23, 2017.
;;0.5106;;union minister for finance arunjaitley rose to make an intervention, claiming that strong words had been used by the opposition, the speaker stated that nothing had gone in the record.
;;-0.3818;;singh was elected to parliament defeating bjp heavyweight and finance minister arunjaitley from the prestigious amritsar lok sabha seat.
;;0.1531;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said that axis bank management has assured the government that it is taking action against the erring officials who are suspected to be involved in irregularities post demonetisation.
;;-0.6486;;the axis bank chairperson has also gave us the details of those employees who were not caught by the investigative agencies but were suspected of having helped in the fraud, arunjaitley assured.
