;;-0.4767;;new delhi, apr 5 () finance minister arunjaitley is suffering from a kidney ailment and may have to undergo a surgery, sources close to the minister said.
;;0.0;;sources said doctors from aiims are attending to arunjaitley at his residence now.
;;0.3818;;keeping in line with government endeavour to promote the renewable power sector and considering the specific facts of the solar sector, the entire contract for supply of spgs should be taxed at the concessional rate of 5 per cent, the spda said in a letter to finance minister arunjaitley last week.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley has unexpectedly left for the us for a medical check up relating to his kidney ailment, sources said.
;;0.2023;;he masterminded the government strategy to repel the legal challenge, arunjaitley added.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the all-powerful gst council , chaired by finance minister arunjaitley , has met 30 times and taken 918 decisions related to laws, rules and rates for the new tax regime within a span of just over two years, the finance ministry said on sunday.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley allocated rs 10,000 crore for expansion of telecom infrastructure managed by the department of telecom.
;;0.0;;it became a part of the formal system, arunjaitley added.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had proposed issuance of electoral bonds in budget 2017-18.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the centre and states were close to completing the first stage of gst rationalisation by removing most items from the 28  slab with a convergence of the 12  and 18  bracket being the next step in the process.
;;0.0;;for long, tax practitioners and economists have suggested a 15  rate but it may still be months away with arunjaitley saying it would take a reasonable time when taxes rise significantly.
;;0.7579;;citing the statement of the then finance minister arunjaitley on september 8, 2016 that following the recommendations of the 14th finance commission, the class of special category states ceases to exist and they agreed to give special assistance in lieu of scs.
;;0.2023;;stating that what he was saying was important, naidu read out the statement of arunjaitley where he said the ap government was insisting on scs.
;;0.4019;;the industry body has also sought from the finance minister arunjaitley a special tax rate of 12 per cent for electric and hydrogen fuel cell powered vehicles.
;;0.0;;the cm called on arunjaitley on wednesday to discuss the proposal.
;;-0.1027;;co/uhtndkbbqp  shashi tharoor (@shashitharoor) 1566631735000new delhi: top congress leaders on saturday condoled the death of former finance minister arunjaitley , with party chief sonia gandhi saying his contributions to public life will be remembered forever.
;;-0.5994;;condoling his death, she said arunjaitley had a long innings as a public figure, parliamentarian and minister and his contributions to public life will forever be remembered.
;;0.34;;senior congress leader ahmed patel said in arunjaitley the nation has a lost an articulate leader and an excellent human being.
;;-0.4201;;very sorry to learn that arunjaitley is no more .
;;-0.4939;;while many known alumni like finance minister arunjaitley , mos, parliamentary affairs vijay goel and fdci president sunil sethi, were missing, it was gulshan grover, the bad man of bollywood, who was the centre of all attention at this event.
;;0.0;;with the ongoing parliament session, arunjaitley could not make it to the dinner.
;;0.34;;new delhi: in a clear indication that finance minister arunjaitley , on medical leave in the us, will not present the modi governments last budget on february 1, railway and coal minister piyush goyal was given temporary charge of the ministry on wednesday.
;;0.0;;the president of india, as advised by the prime minister, hereby directed that during the period of indisposition of shri arunjaitley , minister; the portfolios of minister of finance and minister of corporate affairs held by him, be temporarily assigned to shri piyush goyal, in addition to his existing portfolios, a statement from the presidents office said late on wednesday.
;;0.0;;goyal had previously held the finance portfolio when arunjaitley was recovering from a medical procedure for a kidney transplant.
;;0.0;;three members including finance minister arunjaitley are yet to take oath.
;;-0.4767;;earlier, arunjaitley in a facebook post said demonetisation has helped in formalising the economy, expanding tax base and earmarking more resources for the poor.
;;0.0;;it is to be noted that finance minister arunjaitley in 2016-17 budget had announced that the government will take it forward and also consider the option of reducing its stake to below 50 per cent in idbi bank.
;;0.0;;mumbai: finance minister arunjaitley and his cabinet colleagues piyush goyal and nitin gadkari lashed out at the rbis approach in changing rules of the game and defended the governments stand in its tussle with the central bank which led to urjit patel stepping down as governor on monday.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley and bcci acting president ck khanna were also present at the reception.
;;0.4019;;the pm came to wish the newlyweds at their delhi reception on thursdaythe pm with virat, anushka and her familyarun arunjaitley at the receptionpunjabi flavour to the celebrationthe newlyweds kept their look very traditional.
;;0.0772;;finance minister arunjaitley , through an amendment to the finance bill for 2017-18, had made aadhaar mandatory for filing income tax returns and provided for linking of pan with aadhaar to curb tax evasion through use of multiple pan cards.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: finance minister arunjaitley on monday, said the centre would shortly announce the nature of the electoral bonds scheme.
;;0.6486;;on karnataka politics, arunjaitley hoped that the party would put its heart and soul to bring it back to power under the leadership of b s yeddyurappa yeddyurappaji is in the driver's seat.
;;0.8885;;the dalit leader also thanked finance minister arunjaitley , who played a role in brokering peace between his party and the bjp.
;;-0.0516;;the brawl was said to be the fallout of criticism by the members of both the groups during a party workers' meeting in which senior bjp leader arunjaitley was present.
;;0.0;;senior bjp leader arunjaitley , while talking to journalists, however, termed the incident as a fallout of dispute between two party workers which had been later sorted out.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley has called the decision of congress mps to withdraw their petition challenging rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu 's order rejecting a removal motion against cji dipak misra as admission of its attempts to bowl on a friendly pitch.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will address the reserve bank of india's central board of directors on monday to discuss a range of topics.
;;0.0;;last friday, arunjaitley had resumed charge of the finance ministry after a hiatus of nearly one month following his medical treatment.
;;-0.1027;;leader of the opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley , initiating the debate on the appropriations bill moved by finance minister pranab mukherjee, said the nda regime during its tenure (from 1998 to 2004) had always been cautious about allowing fdi in retail despite opening up several other sectors.
;;0.4497;;but while he took swipes at the pm, who he said seemed to be bereft of any authority, arunjaitley praised mukherjee for his trouble-shooting role on behalf of the government on several contentious issues.
;;-0.7212;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on friday replied in negative to a question whether the government was not satisfied with the functioning of the rbi .
;;0.5859;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will contest his rajya sabha seat from uttar pradesh instead of gujarat , which he has represented for long with bjp set to win eight seats in uttar pradesh.
;;-0.1531;;the strategic sale plan follows the decision by finance minister arunjaitley led ministerial panel in june to make air india competitive, by way of cutting down debt and raising resources by selling land assets and other subsidiaries.
;;0.3716;;the finance ministry is in favour of making gstn a wholly-owned company with 100 per cent share holding, but a final call would be taken by the gst council, headed by arunjaitley and comprising state counterparts, in its next meeting.
;;-0.5563;;meanwhile, talking about former finance minister arunjaitley , who passed away at the age of 66 on saturday, yechury said, it's very sad indeed that he had to leave us very prematurely.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley inaugurated two new initiatives  gpf online and e-ppo  developed by the office of controller general of accounts, on thursday.
;;-0.3818;;* the unions said that the group of ministers headed by finance minister arunjaitley on labour issues has not called unions for any discussion since september 2, 2015, strike which left them with no other option but to go on another strike.
;;0.25;;the 24th meeting of the gst council, held on saturday through video conferencing under the chairmanship of finance minister arunjaitley , discussed the implementation of the e-way bill system in the country after reviewing readiness of hardware and software for its launch, the statement said.
;;-0.7845;;meerut: a junior bank manager posted at district co-operative bank (dcb) here in meerut was suspended after an internal probe found him guilty of making inappropriate remarks against prime minister narendra modi and former finance minister arunjaitley during trade union protest on january 9.
;;0.2263;;b'finance minister arunjaitley has made a lucid and compelling case for why the government should divest stake in air india.
;;0.0;;as minister in the earlier nda government, arunjaitley had pushed for disinvestment in air india.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: ruling out income tax exemption for cooperative banks, finance minister arunjaitley on friday said they were no different from commercial banks and were, therefore, required to be treated at par with them.
;;0.2732;;in the budget for 2018-19, finance minister arunjaitley had increased custom duty on ckd (completely knocked down) imports of motor vehicles, motor cars, motor cycles from 10 per cent to 15 per cent.
;;0.0;;rudrapur: finance minister arunjaitley on thursday presented the last union budget of the present nda government with focus on agricultural sector.
;;0.2732;;in the budget for 2018-19, finance minister arunjaitley had increased customs duty on ckd (completely knocked down) imports of motor vehicles, motor cars, motor cycles from 10 per cent to 15 per cent.
;;-0.128;;the group of ministers headed by finance minister arunjaitley on labour issues has not called unions for any discussion since september 2, 2015 strike, kaur had said on monday.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had made an announcement to this effect in the budget 2017-18.
;;-0.2732;;in 2018, the then finance minister arunjaitley had cut the corporate income tax rate to 25 per cent for companies with a turnover of up to rs 250 crore.
;;0.0;;in a bid to align corporate tax with the global standard, former finance minister arunjaitley had announced reduction in tax from 30 per cent to 25 per cent in phased manner.
;;-0.4767;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley is suffering from a kidney ailment and may have to undergo a surgery, sources close to the minister said.
;;0.0;;sources said doctors from aiims are attending to arunjaitley at his residence now.
;;-0.296;;queried by corporate leaders at industry chamber ficci's 90th agm here earlier this month on how gst was impacting through lower tax collections, finance minister arunjaitley put the onus on them.
;;0.6428;;on the functioning of the council, arunjaitley who is its head, had this remarkable insight about the way in which it had effected such large-scale rationalisation of the item rates in a short span of 3-4 months.
;;0.5994;;finance minister arunjaitley had in budget 2017-18 said there are opportunities to strengthen cpses through consolidation, mergers and acquisitions.
;;-0.3134;;a remark in december 2016 by modi that people who profit from equities should pay more taxes unsettled investors, prompting finance minister arunjaitley to clarify then that the government had no such plans.
;;-0.3818;;they also said that the group of ministers headed by finance minister arunjaitley on labour issues has not called unions for any discussion since september 2, 2015, strike which left them with no other option but to go on another strike.
;;0.4215;;in the 2018-19 budget, finance minister arunjaitley proposed merging three public sector general insurance companies--national insurance co ltd, united india insurance co ltd and oriental india insurance co ltd--into a single insurance entity.
;;0.5267;;finance minister arunjaitley this month called the agriculture sector the government's top priority, noting the country's economic growth is not justifiable and equitable.
;;-0.3182;;sources said at the october 12 meeting, which was also attended by finance minister arunjaitley and oil minister dharmendra pradhan, a six-member panel headed by niti aayog vice chairman rajiv kumar was set up to look at ways of enhancing output from the existing 66 oilfields that produce about 95 per cent of domestic crude, including by giving out stake to private and foreign companies.
;;-0.8783;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley came down heavily on public sector banks on tuesday for not safeguarding taxpayers' money spent to keep them afloat, and warned that the government would explore all options to punish the cheats responsible for bank frauds.
;;0.0;;at a conference on development finance, finance minister arunjaitley expressed his displeasure with the management of state-run banks, saying they had failed to keep the trust the government put in them by not interfering with their decisions.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 1 had announced the scrapping of the inter-ministerial body, which comes under the ministry's department of economic affairs.
;;0.0;;it is to be noted that finance minister arunjaitley in october had announced an unprecedented rs 2.
;;0.5859;;earlier in september, the 'alternative mechanism' (am) headed by finance minister arunjaitley decided to merge the three banks with a view to creating a global-sized lender which will be stronger and sustainable.
;;0.5719;;finance minister arunjaitley had in 2018-19 budget announced coming out with a debt etf, following the success of equity etfs like cpse etf and bharat-22 etf.
;;0.25;;the film industry began to rejoice a few days before christmas as finance minister arunjaitley slashed the gst on movie tickets on saturday.
;;-0.0757;;despite criticism that he was betraying his own reforms credentials, arunjaitley stuck to his guns as did other leaders who instinctively saw an opportunity to hobble the government.
;;0.6369;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley hit out at congress, accusing it of playing with india's security after the opposition party claimed that the centre's designation of 10 agencies for interception of computers was an act of a snoop state.
;;0.3382;;finance minister arunjaitley tweeted, well done!
;;0.0;;sharma also hit back at arunjaitley and the bjp for asking questions to the congress, saying the bjp still has the audacity to ask questions and call demonetisation an anti-corruption move.
;;0.4588;;co/uqzsp6ixr8  gautam adani (@gautam_adani) 1566636880000deeply saddened by the demise of shri arunjaitley - an astute politician, dynamic minister and a brilliant lawyer https://t.
;;0.6486;;cii president vikram kirloskar described arunjaitley as a true reformer and keen advocate for economic liberalisation.
;;0.91;;phd chamber of commerce and industry president rajeev talwar termed arunjaitley as the best finance minister who gave the country fiscal prudence and financial consolidation par excellence and made india one of the fastest growing economies in the world, and is credited for historic reforms such as goods and services tax, insolvency and bankruptcy code, among others.
;;0.0;;the gst council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising state ministers, had on december 22, 2018, decided to set up a group of ministers (gom) to analyse reasons for shortfall in revenue collections by the states since july 2017.
;;0.0;;new delhi: family of former finance minister arunjaitley collected late leader's ashes from nigambodh ghat on monday.
;;0.0;;jaitley's last rites were performed by his son rohan arunjaitley while several of his family members were also present at the cremation ground.
;;0.4588;;if it was freedom at midnight on august 15, 1947, it was 'flee-dom' at midnight yesterday, said leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arunjaitley , adding that a government that ran away from voting had no political or moral right to stay in power.
;;-0.743;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the government was not seeking the reserve bank of indias (rbi) surplus to meet fiscal deficit but to utilise the funds for accelerating poverty alleviation programmes and recapitalising state-owned banks.
;;0.25;;replying to a debate on the second batch of supplementary demands for grants, arunjaitley stressed that the bjp-led nda government has the best track record of managing fiscal deficit than any other previous regime.
;;-0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley projected a fiscal deficit of 3.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on thursday gave a strong indication that the february 1 interim budget may not necessarily be a vote-on-account, emphasising that the government could deviate from an election-year convention to meet challenges confronting the economy, like the one facing the farm sector.
;;0.4588;;asked on a reduction in interest rates amid slowing inflation, arunjaitley suggested there was need for rbi to pare policy rates without making an explicit comment.
;;0.0;;bond investors have already concluded that finance minister arunjaitley will deviate from those plans when he delivers his budget on thursday, with yields climbing 96 basis points in the past six months, the most in asia.
;;-0.4939;;in the last full budget before the elections, arunjaitley needs a growth boost for an economy thats slowing down to a four-year low, while appeasing angry young voters, who contributed to the ruling partys worst performance in modis home state gujarat in more than two decades in december.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 1 announced scrapping of the inter-ministerial body, which comes under the finance ministry's department of economic affairs.
;;-0.624;;new delhi: top congress leaders on saturday condoled the death of former finance minister arunjaitley , with the party saying it was deeply saddened to hear about his demise.
;;-0.4201;;very sorry to learn that arunjaitley is no more .
;;-0.34;;pune: defence minister arunjaitley on sunday made a pitch for ensuring india becomes totally self-reliant in defence manufacturing in view of challenges posed by insurgency and terrorism.
;;0.6697;;most favoured nation status to pakistan stands withdrawn, said finance minister arunjaitley after a meeting of the cabinet committee on security (ccs) on friday.
;;0.3612;;in a letter to the district administration, arunjaitley , who represented up in the upper house of parliament, had proposed to install 200 solar-powered high-mast lights in rae bareli with a grant from his mp's local area development (mplad) fund.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley chided congress and other opposition parties to support wholeheartedly the bill providing 10  reservation for economically weaker sections among non-reserved classes even as he claimed, amid scepticism all around, that there were no legal pitfalls in the way the legislation has been designed.
;;-0.3612;;however, arunjaitley argued that 50  ceiling as spelt out in the indra sawhney judgement, which has become the touchstone for legality of quota measures, only refers to reservation based on caste as provided for in section 16(4) of the constitution.
;;-0.5574;;former union minister arunjaitley today died in aiims, delhi.
;;-0.807;;co/xs4hkoc8me  ashok gehlot (@ashokgehlot51) 1566631119000new delhi: the congress said it was deeply saddened to hear about former finance minister arunjaitley , who died at aiims on saturday.
;;-0.4019;;the global brokerage expects finance minister arunjaitley to hold to the fiscal deficit target of 3.
