;;0.3612;;kejriwal and five others of his party have already been dragged to the high court by finance minister arunjaitley for issuing allegedly false and defamatory statements against him and his family members.
;;0.1779;;5  gains today after finance minister arunjaitley promised a solution to the growing problem of npas or bad loans within next few days.
;;0.0258;;finance minister arunjaitley , currently on a visit to the us, will take up with the american administration the matter of restrictions on h-1b visas, the government said on thursday.
;;0.0;;the all-powerful gst council, headed by arunjaitley , will meet for the ninth time on monday with the issue of who gets to administer the goods and services tax (gst) being the single biggest issue on agenda.
;;0.0;;according to arunjaitley , gst needs to be rolled out latest by september 16, 2017.
;;0.25;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday ruled out tax on farm income, as proposed by the governments think tank niti aayog in its long term vision document.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said the four bills that are crucial for the rollout of the goods and service tax (gst) will be introduced in the lok sabha by early next week and the rate structure would be worked out after march.
;;0.3818;;a ministerial group is working on removing bottlenecks on tolls to ensure smooth flow of goods and services, arunjaitley added.
;;0.0;;on sunday, arunjaitley will attend a reception organised by federation of indian chambers of commerce and industry (ficci), the british council and indian high commission.
;;0.0;;on february 28, arunjaitley will meet the chancellor of exchequer.
;;0.1779;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday threw an open invitation to the opposition in the lok sabha for suggestions to make electoral funding cleaner and transparent.
;;0.0;;with the amendment finance minister arunjaitley has brought in, the limits on corporate funding and corporate donations have been removed.
;;0.4019;;in the lok sabha, arunjaitley pointed out that at present, political parties collect most of the funding in cash.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on friday introduced a bill in lok sabha to amend the customs and excise acts to make them compliant with the new gst regime.
;;0.0;;he was delivering the inaugural speech at the enforcement day event, where finance minister arunjaitley was the chief guest along with revenue secretary hasmukh adhia.
;;-0.5574;;former union finance minister arunjaitley died at delhis aiims on saturday.
;;-0.5574;;a press release by aiims media and protocol division said arunjaitley died at 12:07 pm on saturday.
;;-0.6908;;also read| when arunjaitley spent rs 35,000 to prep for rajya sabha debateread updates here:7:55 pm ist arunjaitley stood by me in all my troubles: amit shah whenever i faced trouble in my life, arunjaitley ji stood by me.
;;-0.2023;;7:45 pm ist sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi pay tribute to arunjaitley former pm dr manmohan singh, congress interim president sonia gandhi and congress leader rahul gandhi, pay tribute to former union finance minister arunjaitley who passed away earlier today.
;;0.0;;6:25 pm ist lk advani visits jaitleys delhi home, pays tribute veteran bjp leader lal krishna advani pays tribute to former union finance minister arunjaitley , who passed away at all india institute of medical sciences, earlier today.
;;-0.1027;;( ani twitter )5:50 pm ist jyotiraditya scindia, arvind kejriwal pay tribute to arunjaitley congress leader jyotiraditya scindia along with his family, delhi cm arvind kejriwal and deputy cm manish sisodia, paid tribute to former finance minister arunjaitley , who passed away earlier today.
;;0.0;;:ani5:25 pm ist s jaishankar pays tribute to arunjaitley external affairs minister subrahmanyam jaishankar pays tribute to former union finance minister arunjaitley , who passed away at all india institute of medical sciences, earlier today.
;;0.0;;3:49 pm ist mortal remains of arunjaitley brought to his residence mortal remains of former union finance minister arunjaitley brought to his residence in delhi from all india institute of medical sciences, where he passed away, earlier today.
;;-0.2023;;3:24 pm ist jp nadda and harsh vardhan laid wreaths on mortal remains on arunjaitley bjp working president jp nadda and union health minister dr. harsh vardhan laid wreaths on mortal remains on arunjaitley , on behalf of bjp president amit shah and pm modi, respectively.
;;-0.7346;;twitter.com/93y7ogrelo  ani (@ani) august 24, 20193:16 pm ist he was always available for all of us with his sage advice: piyush goyal union minister piyush goyal on arunjaitley : i am deeply pained at the sad demise of my brother and my mentor.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/mwet4eku49  ani (@ani) august 24, 20193:15 pm ist mortal remains of former union finance minister arunjaitley being taken to his delhi home delhi: mortal remains of former union finance minister arunjaitley being taken to his residence from all india institutes of medical sciences, where he passed away, earlier today.
;;0.0;;delhi: mortal remains of former union finance minister arunjaitley being taken to his residence from all india institutes of medical sciences, where he passed away, earlier today.
;;0.0;;2:46 pm ist arunjaitley to be cremated at nigambodh ghat on sunday former finance minister arunjaitley will be cremated on sunday afternoon at the nigambodh ghat, bjp leader sudhanshu mittal said, reports pti.
;;-0.296;;2:35 pm ist arunjaitley , a cultured gentleman: tamil nadu cm k palaniswami praising arunjaitley as a cultured gentleman who had cordial ties with all cutting across party lines, tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami on saturday said he was grieved to learn of his death, which was a huge loss for the country.
;;0.3612;;2:04 pm ist arunjaitley was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity: venkaiah naidu vice-president, m venkaiah naidu on arun jaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
;;0.4019;;twitter.com/hjx18wlzyz  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:57 pm ist arunjaitley was a superhuman, devoted life to service of the nation: shivraj chouhan former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan on saturday condoled the demise of former union finance minister arun jaitley.
;;-0.5994;;condoling his death she said that shri arunjaitley had a long innings as a public figure, parliamentarian and minister and his contributions to public life will forever be remembered.
;;0.6808;;1:35 pm ist arunjaitley was an asset for the country, for the government, and for the party: rajnath singh defence minister rajnath singh in lucknow: just got to know of the passing away of arunjaitley ji.
;;-0.8906;;1:22 pm ist extremely saddened by the passing of arunjaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity: ram nath kovind president ram nath kovind: extremely saddened by the passing of arunjaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
;;-0.6997;;president ram nath kovind: extremely saddened by the passing of arunjaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
;;0.0;;1:09 pm ist untimely demise of former finance minister and senior leader arunjaitley is a huge loss to the nation: arvind kejriwal arvind kejriwal tweets: untimely demise of former fm and senior leader sh arunjaitley ji is a huge loss to the nation.
;;0.296;;twitter.com/bka1nevxlo  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:04 pm ist arunjaitley served the nation and sangathan with dedication and zeal: smriti irani smriti irani tweets: a stalwart who paid tribute to his simple beginnings by helping those with meagre means .
;;-0.4201;;12:56 pm ist as leader of opposition he was without match: kapil sibal on arunjaitley congress leader kapail sibal tweets: very sorry to learn that arunjaitley is no more .
;;-0.1779;;those complaining to the election commission about violation of model election code must keep in mind that right to free speech has not been diluted by the mcc in any way, arunjaitley noted.
;;0.7351;;the two have to exist harmoniously, arunjaitley wrote in a blogpost titled model code of conduct does not take away the right to free speech.
;;-0.2263;;delhi deputy chief minister manish sisodia said the national capital had been again deprived of its due share in the union budget, which was presented by finance minister arunjaitley in parliament on wednesday.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley presented the union budget 2017 in parliament today.
;;-0.296;;there was no separate railway budget this year as arunjaitley presented both together.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley today reiterated that the centre is still aiming to roll out the goods and services tax (gst) regime from april 1 if all pending issues are sorted out.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday announced that the government will establish five special tourism zones in the next financial year.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of atms on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
;;-0.6369;;echoing arunjaitley , she said: as of now, there is no currency shortage or shortage at atms. it might be in cases of offsite atms because they are being loaded by the agents so there might be some gap in such cases.
;;0.8176;;in a blog, former finance minister arunjaitley has suggested the public mood in favour of prime minister narendra modis kashmir policy had compelled many opposition parties to support the bill.
;;0.0772;;finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said the whole debate over the political cost of economic reforms has dissipated with the benefits reaching the deprived sections of society.
;;0.4404;;on the icici bank initiative, arunjaitley expressed hope that many other banks will emulate this experience.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget for 2017-18 has spoken about mergers and consolidation in the public sector.
;;0.1779;;finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said the bulk of non-performing assets of public sector banks have arisen out of loans disbursed before 2014, before the bjp came to power at the centre.
;;-0.7184;;finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the finance ministry is debating the two innovative suggestions made by the latest economic survey  universal basic income (ubi) and creation of bad bank  to deal with the unacceptable levels of bad loans.
;;-0.6997;;extremely saddened by the passing of shri arunjaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
;;0.6486;;shri arunjaitley possessed a unique ability of discharging the most onerous responsibility with poise, passion and studied understanding.
;;0.3818;;vice president m. venkaiah naidu described arunjaitley as an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
;;0.9337;;outstanding parliamentarian, legal luminary, towering intellectual, an able administrator & a man of impeccable integrity, shri arunjaitley distinguished himself by effectively handling important portfolios as union minister in the cabinets of shri.
;;-0.2732;;a. b vajpayee & shri narendra modi  vicepresidentofindia (@vpsecretariat) august 24, 2019union home minister amit shah who was closely associated with arunjaitley cut short his visit to hyderabad to return to delhi.
;;0.6808;;defence minister rajnath singh said arunjaitley was an asset to the government and the party organisation.
;;-0.8176;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal who lost a defamation suit to arunjaitley said his death was a loss to the nation.
;;0.8442;;rip  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) august 24, 2019congress mp shahshi tharoor said despite political differences he had arunjaitley enjoyed a healthy mutual respect.
;;-0.2448;;twitter.com/rzxo1v6ntv  shashi tharoor (@shashitharoor) august 24, 2019another congress leader, kapail sibal said as leader of opposition arunjaitley was without matchvery sorry to learn that arunjaitley is no more .
;;-0.6597;;the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, which seeks to end the liability of rbi and the government on the currency notes demonetised in november last, was introduced by finance minister arunjaitley amid stiff opposition by trinamool congress, which called it illegal and anti-national.
;;0.0;;roy then took a jibe at arunjaitley , saying the minister was not aware of the lok sabha rules as he was never its member.
;;0.0;;the economic survey for 2016-17, tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley today, underscored the need for more reforms.
;;0.0;;according to sources, finance minister arunjaitley , along with revenue secretary hasmukh adhia and other senior revenue officials, were present in the meeting with the prime minister.
;;-0.1027;;finance minister arunjaitley has favoured disinvestment of the loss-making air india, saying the airlines market share is just around 14  whereas the debt burden is rs 50,000 crore.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, as the visits multiply, there could be reciprocal visits to canada by indian ministers to add to those by finance minister arunjaitley and commerce minister nirmala sitharaman last autumn.
;;0.4019;;read: cash donation limit, bonds to reform polls fail to impress experts, partiesfirst, to be honest, mr arunjaitley has ensured a 100  cleaning up.
;;-0.2023;;in fact, the sad truth is by this measure mr arunjaitley has actually diminished the transparency that used to exist.
;;-0.2023;;q : while on controversies, congress president rahul gandhi has publicly stated that his slogan is still chowkidar chor hai in the context of rafale dealonly yesterday, finance minister arunjaitley , in a press conference, accused a partner of rahul gandhi of getting defence contracts.
;;-0.7736;;finance minister arunjaitley on friday hit out at congress chief rahul gandhi saying his revenge against modi may not succeed, and will end up as revenge against his own party.
;;0.128;;rahul, arunjaitley added, comes out with outrageous ideas about security, economy and social issues and believes that his views have found mass acceptability.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has set a march 2019 deadline for the railways for establishing an accrual-based accounting system and has underlined the need for the state-owned transporter to take transformative measures in the way it conducts its business.
;;0.3818;;finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said india is expected to become the third largest economy in the world by 2030 with gdp touching usd 10 trillion, helped by consumption and investment growth.
;;0.25;;the easing of the policy will be on the lines of the announcements made by finance minister arunjaitley in the budget for 2017-18.
;;-0.7269;;indiaupdated: aug 25, 2019 16:33 istcongress interim president sonia gandhi on saturday condoled the death of former finance minister arunjaitley saying that he attracted friends across the political spectrum and fought the cruel illness with indomitable spirit till the end.
;;0.8225;;she said, arunjaitley was a person who attracted friends and admirers across the political spectrum and every walk of life.
;;-0.128;;she said, arunjaitley fought his cruel illness with great courage till the end.
;;0.6688;;finance minister arunjaitley on saturday saw an alliance of subversion on university campuses, whereby separatists and ultra-left elements were speaking the same language , and said the idea of free speech could not extend to assaulting indias sovereignty.
;;0.3818;;on a four-day visit to london, mainly to represent the nation at a reception at buckingham palace on monday to mark the uk-india year of culture, arunjaitley spoke on historical and contemporary developments in indias economy and said the country is now clear about the path ahead.
;;0.2732;;according to arunjaitley , there is an alliance of subversion taking place in india, with separatists and the ultra-left speaking the same language on certain university campuses.
;;0.0;;according to arunjaitley , the demonetisation drive was the smoothest possible replacement of high denomination currency notes anywhere in the world.
;;0.7579;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget has reiterated the governments commitment to job creation and identified several sectors - textiles, leather, tourism, transportation and affordable housing - that he said will open up employment opportunity.
;;0.5719;;in his speech on wednesday, arunjaitley described energising youth through education, skills and jobs as one of the governments 10 important focus areas.
;;0.8271;;prachanda thanked arunjaitley for the support to nepal for constructing postal roads, extension of cross border transmission lines, bridges and the recent indian approval for arun iii project, where the government has decided to put in 57 billion.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on friday introduced a bill on demonetisation in the lok sabha to formally make the banning of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes a law.
;;-0.7783;;read: demonetisation: govt says rbi may lift limits on atm cash withdrawal soona war of words was witnessed in the house as arunjaitley and the trinamool congress leader attacked each other over the issue.
;;0.6369;;parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar defended arunjaitley and said: he (jaitley) has been a distinguished parliamentarian, and has also been adjudged best parliamentarian.
;;-0.7964;;in a counter-attack, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday accused former prime minister manmohan singh of leaving behind an economy in slowdown, after singhs criticism that the indian economy is in dire straits under pm modi and also predicted that it is headed for a slowdown.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets, arunjaitley pointed out that it was manmohan singh who left behind an economy in slowdown in 2014.
;;0.8885;;finance minister arunjaitley played down the impact of demonetisation on growth saying that a 7-8  growth is very reasonable, he clarified that global factors were responsible for a gdp growth of 6.
;;0.0;;but finance minister arunjaitley had at the time dismissed these claims.
;;0.5574;;the steps taken by the government were the right ones and will have a positive impact on the economy, arunjaitley had remarked.
;;-0.4939;;referring to the challenges, arunjaitley noted the issues of bad loans in the banking sector and kick-starting private sector investment.
;;-0.6369;;when arunjaitley had taken over in 2014, india had multiple economic battles to fight.
;;0.2732;;from policy paralysis, tottering growth to high inflation, arunjaitley had a tough task ahead of him.
;;0.0;;world bank ceo kristalina georgieva called on finance minister arunjaitley to take stock of the banks projects and other issues such as capital expansion at the bretton woods institution.
;;0.1719;;finance minister arunjaitley released tax collection numbers on monday, to show that the governments currency recall didnt hurt economic activity  a claim several economists and state officials have doubted.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley raised the issue of tightening of the h-1b visa regime with his us counterpart steven mnuchin during their first meeting and highlighted the contribution of indian companies and professionals to the american economy.
;;0.0;;this was the second time arunjaitley raised the h-1b visa issue with the american side during his visit here to attend the annual spring meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank.
;;0.4404;;5 million downloads that arunjaitley hopes would play a critical role in making india cashless.
;;0.4939;;to complete the digital cycle, arunjaitley wanted to facilitate loan disbursement based on digital transaction history, and this is where the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) would play an important role.
;;0.631;;but arunjaitley left this sector wanting with little announcement of any relief.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday ruled out the possibility of state funding of polls, a suggestion floated by various political parties.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley , he said, had last year announced that all schemes should have a sunset clause.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday introduced the gst and related bills in the lok sabha amid objections by some opposition members over the manner the government had moved the proposed legislation.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley defended searches at the homes of his predecessor p chidambarams son karti chidambaram and rjd chief lalu prasad, saying the day of reckoning has come for many and they will be held accountable for their misdeeds.
;;0.6249;;union finance minister arunjaitley has assured punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh to clear a cash-credit limit (ccl) of rs 20,683 crore for wheat procurement to the punjab government by march 25.
;;0.3818;;amarinder, who met arunjaitley in new delhi on wednesday, was told that directions have been issued to the reserve bank of india (rbi) to ensure all arrangements for wheat procurement.
;;0.1027;;finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said that the goods and services tax (gst) council has cleared the draft compensation law -- one of the four enabling laws under the gst constitutional amendment.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley addressed a press conference on monday, a day after asserting that indias economy is getting back to normal two months after the scrapping of high-value banknotes.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley vowed on saturday to make an example of money launderers and tax evaders, saying penalising powers of economic crime-fighting agency enforcement directorate should be used expeditiously in cases of non- compliance.
;;0.3818;;with india remaining in the limelight over its reform push and rapid economic growth, world banks chief executive officer, kristalina georgieva is scheduled to visit india to take stock of the bank-funded projects and meet policymakers including finance minister arunjaitley and reserve bank of india governor urjit patel.
;;0.0;;georgieva will hold discussions with arunjaitley and other key policymakers.
;;0.5423;;the abolition of the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) announced by finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday was widely welcomed in london, a major source of foreign investment as well as a destination for indian companies seeking to raise funds.
;;0.0516;;this has created fear of the backlash in the minds of those who conventionally indulged in majority bashing and were compromising on issues of national security, arunjaitley added.
;;0.0;;arun arunjaitley on a four-day visit to paris, to sign oecd tax pactfinance minister arunjaitley is in paris on a four-day visit during which he will address foreign investors and sign the oecd pact that aims to check cross border tax evasion by mncs.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley set aside in his budget for the next fiscal about rs261 crore for travel expenses, salary and allowances of union ministers  an allocation that overshot by 73  in the current financial year.
;;0.6478;;to make this scheme more attractive, arunjaitley proposed certain changes in the scheme.
;;0.0;;the council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising representatives of all states, is also likely to finalise the definition of agriculture and agriculturist as well as constitution of a national goods and services tax appellate tribunal to adjudicate disputes.
;;-0.4767;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday gave marginal relief to the countrys taxpayers in the 2017 budget but disappointed those who expected big breaks to cushion the demonetisation blow.
;;-0.296;;days after finance minister arunjaitley pitched for air indias disinvestment, civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju said no option has been closed for the airline.
;;0.0;;the three-day mega event plans to showcase india as a global sourcing hub and will be attended by several union ministers including finance minister arunjaitley and irani, and provide a platform to connect and collaborate with global manufacturers, investors and buyers in the textiles sector.
;;0.5994;;7) arunjaitley leaves for us to attend wb, imf, g20 meetsfinance minister arunjaitley leaves on a five-day visit to the united states to participate in the spring meetings of the world bank and international monetary fund as well as deliberations of g20 nations.
;;0.0;;sharma urged finance minister arunjaitley and the gst council to keep most of the goods, which are used by the common man, at the tax rate of 5 per cent.
;;0.4019;;hitting back at finance minister arunjaitley for advocating repeal of special status of jammu and kashmir, pdp president mehbooba mufti said on saturday that the relationship between the union and the state would be over if article 370 of the constitution is revoked.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley will be representing the indian government at the reception alongside special guests from the fields of performing arts, fashion, food, literature and sport.
;;0.7579;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday expressed optimism over an improvement in tax collections after the roll out of goods and services tax hopefuly from july 2017.
;;-0.25;;earlier, arunjaitley highlighted that the gst will help lower prices and make tax evasion difficult.
;;-0.1531;;finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday given the additional charge of the defence ministry after manohar parrikar resigned to take on the new role of goa chief minister.
;;0.1027;;this is the second time that arunjaitley is holding the additional portfolio of defence ministry during the present nda government.
;;0.2732;;more than 12 years after a proposal to merge oil psus was first mooted by the then oil minister mani shankar aiyar, arunjaitley in his budget for 2017-18 proposed to create an integrated public sector oil major which will be able to match the performance of international and domestic private sector oil and gas companies.
;;-0.4215;;she lost because of wrong policies must accept: arunjaitley on mayawatis evm tampering allegations.
;;0.7003;;42am: was popular among people and correct from economic point of view, bjp was set to benefit: finance minister arunjaitley on being asked whether demonetisation had an impact on election results7.
;;0.4767;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget for 2017-18 had proposed scrapping of the fipb -- an inter-ministerial body under the finance ministrys department of economic affairs that processes fdi proposals and makes recommendations for government approval.
;;0.7783;;finance minister arunjaitley on monday made a strong case for sale of air india as he asked how fair it was to use rs 55,000-60,000 crore of tax payers money on the national carrier for having just 14  market share.
;;0.2263;;finance minister arunjaitley raised the matter of the review in his meetings with us commerce secretary wilbur ross and us treasury wilbur mnuchin during his visit this week to the us for the annual spring meetings of the world bank group.
;;0.0;;punjab cm captain amarinder singh had met union finance minister arunjaitley on the issue and subsequently followed up through telephonic calls.
;;0.4588;;the sights, sounds and food of india will merge with royalty in the buckingham palace on monday as queen elizabeth prepares to welcome finance minister arunjaitley and a host of celebrities to launch the uk-india year of culture 2017.
;;-0.5719;;about 900,000 registered companies do not file annual returns and are potential sources of money laundering, a top government official said on saturday, as finance minister arunjaitley pitched for the countrys top anti-financial crime agency to be used expeditiously against tax cheats.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on monday introduced in lok sabha four crucial bills required to implement the goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday moved the finance bill in parliament to get the budget for 2017-18 passed by this week.
;;0.34;;explaining the rationale for urgency to get the bill passed, finance minister and leader of the house arunjaitley said the ordinance effecting the amendments in the act would lapse on march 14, 2017 and this was a security issue also.
;;0.7579;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday expressed optimism over improvement in tax collections after the roll out of goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.6705;;indiaupdated: aug 05, 2019 19:18 istthe withdrawal of article 370 of the constitution, which gives special status to jammu and kashmir, apart from being a project executed by home minister amit shah, also saw the active involvement of former finance minister arunjaitley , who has been working on this since last year.
;;-0.4019;;the governments explainer note circulated to the media today also quoted arunjaitley arguments on article 370, signalling that though he may have opted out of government in modi 2.
;;0.0;;also read:pm modi to address nation to explain big kashmir moveleaders in the know told hindustan times that when arunjaitley was recuperating last year from his kidney transplant, he had time to focus on some reading and research.
;;0.1531;;also watch| article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi, shah and doval orchestrated movewhile many legal opinions were taken, arunjaitley also provided his own backing of the theory that the article 370 was temporary and could be reversed with a presidential order.
;;0.4215;;in two tweets, arunjaitley also complimented prime minister narendra modi and home minister amit shah for correcting the historical blunder.
;;0.0;;here are the live updates:7pm: finance minister arunjaitley defends searches at the homes of p chidambaram, his son and rjd chief lalu prasad.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley is on a four-day visit mainly to represent india at the event, joined by celebrities such as kapil dev, katrina kaif, joe wright, anoushka shankar and rio ferdinand.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday reduced tax for smaller businesses that took a big hit following the governments decision to recall high-value notes.
;;0.0;;presenting the 2017 budget, arunjaitley reduced the corporate tax from 30  to 25  for units with an annual turnover of less than rs 50 crore.
;;0.0;;the gst council, comprising union finance minister arunjaitley and state representatives, has decided on a four-tier tax structure5 , 12 , 18  and 28 .
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley is presenting the 2017 union budget in parliament.
;;-0.8957;;finance minister arunjaitley on monday rejected criticism from congress leader p chidambaram on his alliance of subversion remark about the turmoil in ramjas college and said the latter had his history and facts wrong.
;;0.4019;;on chidambaram reminding arunjaitley of his own role as a student leader in du in the mid 1970s, the latter told ht: he belongs to a political party which subverted democracy in 1975.
;;-0.3612;;if fighting for democracy is chidambarams definition of subversion, he really has to redefine his grammar of politics, arunjaitley added.
;;-0.5267;;read more: buckigham palace guards band plays jai ho as india, uk launch year of culturein an event in london on saturday, arunjaitley commented on the recent turmoil in ramjas college, delhi, saying there was no space for violence, but there needed to be a debate whether assaulting the countrys sovereignty should be permitted under the idea of free speech.
;;-0.34;;, arunjaitley saidin the same event at london , arunjaitley said without naming businessman vijay mallya that he uses meetings with british counterparts to raise the issue of individuals wanted in india for economic and other offences who are taking refuge in britain.
;;-0.6597;;the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, which seeks to end the liability of rbi and the government on the currency notes demonetised in november last, was introduced by finance minister arunjaitley amid stiff opposition by trinamool congress, which called it illegal and anti-national.
;;0.4767;;finance minister arunjaitley on saturday kick-started the governments ambitious start-up india mission, which envisages technology business incubators and research parks, at vigyan bhavan in new delhi.
;;0.4019;;speaking at the opening session of start-up india movement, arunjaitley on saturday said the campaign will help change conventions while the government will only be a facilitator for start-ups.
;;0.4767;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday sought to ramp up rural and infrastructure spending and handed out marginal tax relief to the middle-class and small businesses in his budget proposals for 2017-18.
;;0.3818;;while arunjaitley removed service charge on rail ticket bookings through irctc, doled out tax exemptions of manufacture and import of digital payment devices, what the sector remained waiting for were tax breaks for merchants accepting cashless payments.
;;0.6249;;the bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led government in maharashtra on wednesday welcomed the union budget tabled by union finance minister arunjaitley as `transformational and `all inclusive, claiming it would take the country to the next level of development.
;;-0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley has banned all cash transactions exceeding rs 3 lakh from april 1, a move that is expected to give another push to digital transactions and help his government in its fight against corruption.
;;0.2732;;4 billion, held talks over the past year with the governments gst council as well as former finance minister arunjaitley , asking them to review tax rates, shah added.
;;0.4939;;in order to provide support to startups through fund of fund operations, iaf, with a corpus of rs 2,000 crore, was launched by finance minister arunjaitley in august 2015 to enhance the equity availability to msmes.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley today ruled out farm loan waivers by the centre but said states can utilise their own resources in this regard.
;;0.8779;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday sought to ramp up spending on rural areas and infrastructure as well as hand out marginal tax relief to the middle-class and small businesses in his budget proposals for 2017-18, which he said will help beat the fallout of demonetisation.
;;-0.1779;;(full video: budget 2017 | read full budget speech here)the budget saw arunjaitley moving to ease back on cutting the deficit as he announced increases in allocation across sectors, including a 24  hike in spending on rural india and a 35  raise in allocation for dalits.
;;0.4767;;50pm: finance minister arunjaitley has pledged relief for middle-class taxpayers and small and medium-sized companies in his budget.
;;0.6124;;2 : fiscal deficit as a percentage of indias gdpfiscal deficit as a percentage of indias gdp 24 : increase in rural spendingincrease in rural spending 35 : increase in funds allocation for scheduled castesincrease in funds allocation for scheduled castes 6 : increase in defence spending finance minister arunjaitley unveiled sweeping measures in his budget speech on wednesday that ranged from boosting farm growth to easing the burden on the salaried middle class.
;;0.7579;;03pm: its a brilliant idea that merits thinking and whose time must come: fm arunjaitley on universal basic income.
;;0.0;;1pm: lok sabha adjourned after arunjaitley concludes his budget speech.
;;0.0;;-- arunjaitley begins tax proposals.
;;0.0;;03am: finance minister arunjaitley in parliament.
;;0.0516;;47am: finance minister arunjaitley reaches parliament.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley is meeting president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.6705;;days before finance minister arunjaitley is to present his fourth union budget, british oil firm cairn energy plc today asked him to use the opportunity to repeal the retrospective tax legislation that continues to create a barrier for international investors.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on monday introduced in lok sabha four crucial bills required to implement the goods and services tax (gst).
;;-0.4767;;finance minister arunjaitley has asserted that the government was giving top priority to addressing the issue of bad loans while acknowledging that the problem of non-performing assets was adversely impacting the indian banking system.
;;0.4728;;speaking at the council on foreign relations here, arunjaitley termed the resolution of the non-performing assets (npas) as the one very big challenge going forward and the governments top priority at the moment.
;;-0.2023;;in his meeting with ross, arunjaitley raised the issue of the trump administrations review of the h-1b temporary visa programme for high-skilled foreigners that is expected to adversely impact indians and indian tech firms operating in the us.
;;0.7506;;read: budget 2017: arunjaitley boosts electronic manufacturing by boosting msips, edfin last years budget the government levied a 2  special duty on populated printed circuit boards used in mobile phones, laptops and personal computers.
;;0.4767;;finance minister arunjaitley focussed on tectransform, energize and cleanas the theme of the union budget 2017-18.
;;-0.34;;the fact that arunjaitley has kept the fiscal deficit number at 3.
;;0.6486;;former finance minister p. chidambaram on thursday termed the budget for 2017-18 a damp squib but praised finance minister arunjaitley for adopting a tone of moderation after the demonetisation policy.
;;0.5106;;complimenting arunjaitley , the congress leader said: it is obvious that demonetisation and its inevitable consequences have demoralised the government.
;;-0.3818;;finance minister arunjaitley sprang a surprise on wednesday by presenting a budget that avoided populism in a poll season and laid thrust on cushioning the economy from the disruptive impact of demonetisation.
;;0.8225;;even ruling party leaders had expected arunjaitley to splurge on freebies to different sections of people in a year that could put prime minister narendra modis popularity to test in the five states in february-march and in gujarat and himachal pradesh which go to the polls by the year-end.
;;0.0;;the council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising representatives of all states, is also likely to finalise the definition of agriculture and agriculturist as well as constitution of a national goods and services tax appellate tribunal to adjudicate disputes.
;;0.0;;the meeting also paid tribute to former finance minister arunjaitley who passed away recently.
;;0.0;;the council stood up for a minutes silence for the immense contribution arunjaitley has made.
;;-0.8658;;in delhi where a bjp delegation rushed to the election commission to complain about the violence, finance minister arunjaitley tweeted his attack.
