;;-0.2732;;20: one could have heard a pin drop when congress leader anand sharma described union finance minister arunjaitley as an able minister.
;;0.4019;;party sources said rajya sabha opposition leader arunjaitley would lead the delegation.
;;-0.5023;;but vindoo dara singh, the late wrestlers son accused of placing gurunaths bets, played truantlthe captain: india and csk skipper m.s. dhoni  former players: such as sachin tendulkar, sourav ganguly, rahul dravid, anil kumble and krishnamachari srikkanth  for any information and recommendations to curb sporting fraud  ministers, politicians: such a arunjaitley and rajiv shukla, who have been associated with cricket administration  cricket bosses: such as n. srinivasan, jagmohan dalmiya, shashank manohar and i.s. bindra  journalists: such as harsha bhogle, kishore bhimani, n.ram, sharda ugra, pradeep magazine, aniruddh bahl and boria majumdar  police officers: from mumbai, delhi, chennai and jaipur as well as former cbi director r.k. raghavan  team officials: such as kolkata knight riders ceo venky mysore, for details of how the teams were run and by whom  others: bcci and icc anti-corruption unit members, people whose names featured on relevant documents, and those with knowledge of the issues involved.
;;-0.891;;finance minister arunjaitley came up with a lengthy write-up that he posted on facebook pti file picturethe bjp on wednesday resurrected the 1984 anti-sikh riots to slam the congress and accuse the rival of deliberately blocking fair investigation and trial, picking on a delhi courts judgment handing the death sentence and a life term to two convicts.
;;-0.4215;;finance minister arunjaitley came up with a lengthy write-up and the bjp fielded law minister ravi shankar prasad to address the media to accuse the congress of burying riot cases and take credit for the convictions by a delhi court on tuesday.
;;0.5106;;finance minister arunjaitley during the post-budget address to the rbi board on monday picture by prem singhfinance minister arunjaitley on monday said india needed mega banks that were strong.
;;-0.0516;;finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said the decision to send two senior cbi officers on leave was taken by the government on the recommendation of the central vigilance commission.
;;0.5267;;swamy did not name arunjaitley , but it was clear who his target was because the finance minister is on a visit to china.
;;0.0;;(pti)the temporary charge of the finance ministry has been handed to piyush goyal nine days before the union budget, the announcement coinciding with a report that arunjaitley has undergone a surgery in new york and been advised rest for two weeks.
;;0.0;;if arunjaitley does not resume work before february 1, goyal is expected to present the budget.
;;0.0;;goyal had held the finance portfolio for three months from may to august 2018 when arunjaitley had undergone kidney transplant.
;;0.0;;the presidential notification on wednesday evening said: the president of india, as advised by the prime minister, hereby directed that during the period of indisposition of shri arunjaitley , minister; the portfolios of minister of finance and minister of corporate affairs held by him, be temporarily assigned to shri piyush goyal, in addition to his existing portfolios.
;;0.0;;this is a one-time exception and will not affect businesses with inter-state supplies, arunjaitley added.
;;0.0;;for optional schemes implemented in the northeast and the himalayan states, funding pattern is 80:20, arunjaitley added.
;;-0.7269;;asked about the prevailing anger in the business community, an rss worker said: finance minister arunjaitley is to blame, along with the rbi.
;;0.1027;;finance minister arunjaitley tabled the 'supplementary demand for grants - second batch for 2017-18'.
;;0.0;;new delhi, april 29: finance minister arunjaitley today vowed to make an example of money launderers and tax evaders, saying penalising powers of the enforcement directorate (ed), the economic crime-fighting agency, should be used expeditiously in cases of non-compliance.
;;0.1779;;(pti)new delhi, july 26: a meeting of state finance ministers with finance minister arunjaitley today agreed that the gst bill will be amended to allow compensation to states for any loss of revenue for a period of five years.
;;0.6542;;picture by prem singhnew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on thursday unveiled a budget big on promise but short on funds as the narendra modi government attempted to woo farmers, small businesses and the salaried folk with a scatter shot of schemes, incentives and illusory tax breaks while hunkering down for battle at a general election.
;;-0.886;;however, arunjaitley on monday argued in parliament that the government's initiatives to tackle the bad loans crisis, including implementing the insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc), were bearing fruits and money stuck as non-performing assets was coming back into the banking system.
;;-0.3612;;23: finance minister arunjaitley today took stock of steps being taken for implementation of the insolvency and bankruptcy code that seeks to make the debt recovery process quicker.
;;0.2263;;6: finance minister arunjaitley will lobby to get india a larger voting share in the world bank over the next two days, with new delhi willing to pay its way to raise its shareholding in the global financial institution.
;;-0.0772;;mridula sinha new delhi, march 17: the congress today demanded the dismissal of goa governor mridula sinha, accusing her of the constitutional impropriety of consulting union finance minister arunjaitley before inviting the bjp to form the government in the state.
;;-0.5267;;it also urged prime minister narendra modi to punish arunjaitley for allegedly advising the governor.
;;0.0;;sinha then added, according to mirror: then i felt i should speak with arunjaitley , and i called him around 9.
;;0.0;;leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad later said that digvijaya had also raised questions over the conduct of arunjaitley , the house leader.
;;0.4767;;since the union finance minister, shri arunjaitley , could not have advised the governor with respect to government formation, why should the prime minister not take action against the finance minister?
;;-0.4588;;the gold jewellers' association - which has been spearheading the agitation against the excise duty - did not appear to be launching a similar agitation against the high vat in several states, arunjaitley wondered.
;;0.0;;at least four members of the cabinet studied in catholic institutions: finance minister arunjaitley is from st. xavier's school, delhi; health minister j.p. nadda is from st. xavier's school, patna; railway minister piyush goyal is from don bosco school, mumbai; and information and broadcasting minister smriti irani is from holy child auxilium school, delhi.
;;0.0;;initially, arunjaitley was the only big leader expected to take the chartered flight from delhi to jammu.
;;-0.296;;a worried chidambaram today requested arunjaitley to return to delhi.
;;0.4877;;the home minister said he had told arunjaitley that he had already made a point and so it is better to return tomorrow.
;;0.802;;according to arunjaitley , there are seven objectives that guided the policy mechanism, which include ipr public awareness, stimulation of generation of iprs, need for strong and effective laws and strengthening enforcement and adjudicatory mechanisms to combat infringements.
;;0.0;;politicians who attended the meet included senior bjp leader and leader of opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley , jd (u) president sharad yadav, former haryana chief minister o.p. chautala, rajiv pratap rudy, shahnawaz hussain, ravi shanker prasad and other ministers, legislators and presiding officers of both houses of the state legislature.
;;-0.2263;;our special correspondentnew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday rejected manmohan singh's demand for an apology from prime minister narendra modi and sought details of what happened at the secret meeting, which he termed a misadventure.
;;0.0;;fsdc meet todaynew delhi, july 4: finance minister arunjaitley and rbi governor raghuram rajan will discuss fiscal development and economic issues when the financial stability and development council (fsdc) meets tomorrow.
;;0.128;;railway minister piyush goyal, who filled in for arunjaitley and presented the populist pre-election budget, is being seen as a key contender.
;;0.0;;asked if trinamul was co-ordinating with the bjp, brien said: i simply called on (arun) arunjaitley on his birthday.
;;-0.6808;;16: finance minister arunjaitley may not visit islamabad later this month for a ministerial meet of the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) amid an intensifying diplomatic standoff between the neighbours over terrorism and kashmir.
;;0.0;;the modi government was weighing the pros and cons of sending arunjaitley for the august 25-26 finance ministers' meeting in islamabad till late evening, but appeared tilted against a visit, foreign ministry officials said.
;;0.0;;economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das may represent india instead of arunjaitley , the officials insisted.
;;-0.5267;;finance minister arunjaitley met his us counterpart steven mnuchin (in reuters picture) in washington on saturday and raised the subject of the tightening of the h-1b visa regime, which is expected to hurt indian it companies.
;;0.0;;this is the second time arunjaitley has raised the issue with us authorities during his washington trip to attend the annual spring meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank.
;;0.3182;;29: finance minister arunjaitley today pitched for us funds for india's rs 40,000-crore national investment and infrastructure fund (niif), adding that there was a need to increase trade between the two countries.
;;0.0;;us secretary of commerce penny pritzker, in her meeting with arunjaitley , too, said the us wanted to institutionalise trade relations between the two countries.
;;0.5423;;during the meeting, arunjaitley drove home the point that many indian states were growing at 10-11 per cent and offered opportunity for us investment.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley was prophetic but he forgot the maxim that preachers should set their own house in order before taking to the pulpit.
;;-0.4019;;hours after a joint opposition had issued a statement criticising the modi government of blatant politicisation of the sacrifices made by the uniformed personnel, finance minister arunjaitley had tweeted on wednesday: my appeal to indias opposition  let the country speak in one voice.
;;0.2023;;finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the government could look at merging the 12 per cent and 18 per cent slabs in the gst structure and taking cement off the top bracket of 28 per cent.
;;0.0;;a communique from the rashtapati bhavan said: the president of india, as advised by the prime minister, hereby directed that during the period of indisposition of shri arunjaitley , minister; the portfolios of minister of finance and minister of corporate affairs held by him, be temporarily assigned to shri piyush goyal, in addition to his existing portfolios.
;;0.0;;this will be the second stint for goyal in both the ministries as he had headed the portfolios for 100 days when arunjaitley had undergone kidney transplant in may last year.
;;0.2023;;speaking a fortnight ahead of the budget, arunjaitley underlined that there have been precedents of interim budgets containing major policy announcements to tackle an urgent situation, making many wonder if the interim budget would roll out sops with an eye on the lok sabha elections in april-may.
;;0.3818;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday defended the revised gdp growth rate numbers and said they were far more credible than those of the earlier series as they were more inclusive and representative of the economy.
;;0.0;;25: finance minister arunjaitley will meet state finance ministers tomorrow to elicit their views on the forthcoming budget to be presented in the lok sabha in february-end.
;;0.4588;;after meeting the state finance ministers, arunjaitley will start customary pre-budget consultations with different interest groups.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley chairs a gst meeting through video conferencing in new delhi last week.
;;0.7096;;union finance minister arunjaitley posted on facebook: the congress party was looking for a friendly pitch to bowl on.
;;-0.296;;finance minister arunjaitley , in fact, accused congress leaders of being chunavi hindus.
;;0.4588;;mumbai, july 10: finance minister arunjaitley today kick-started the much awaited process towards the launch of real estate investment trusts (reits) in the country when he announced tax pass-through status for these entities.
;;0.1027;;26: finance minister arunjaitley today came out with a blog in which he has argued in favour of a four-slab gst (goods and services tax) structure.
;;0.0;;air conditioners and hawai chappals cannot be taxed at the same rate, arunjaitley wrote in the blog.
;;0.4019;;calcutta, july 10: finance minister arunjaitley chose to eliminate basic customs duty on lcd and led panels below 19 inch  components that go into the production of certain categories of television sets  raising hopes of a lower cost to consumers.
;;-0.6124;;finance minister arunjaitley later rebutted the charge of corruption, arguing that an expanding demand-supply gap, caused by an annual shortage of six million tonnes of pulses, was pushing up prices.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley with reserve bank governor urjit patel (left) and sebi chairman u.k. sinha in mumbai on thursday.
;;0.6652;;13: finance minister arunjaitley today expressed concern over the rising protectionist tendencies in western countries, particularly in the us, but hoped that the world's largest economy would adopt a business-as-usual approach after the election.
;;0.5106;;new delhi, july 10: finance minister arunjaitley today proposed an outlay of rs 100 crore to revive a grand but controversial plan to link a few large rivers that some hydrologists believe could help india overcome a looming water scarcity.
;;0.9398;;rahul had taken pot shots at the finance minister saying people knew the reality of the 'ease of doing business' but the improvement in survey rankings was a good thought to keep dr arunjaitley happy.
;;0.0;;rahul has been referring to arunjaitley as a doctor whose medicines are not working.
;;0.765;;<> according to arunjaitley , india has been able to maintain a respectable level of growth even when the world was facing significant economic challenges.
;;0.3818;;once the gst rolls out and india becomes one market and facilitate seamless transfer of goods and services, madhya pradesh will become the supply hub, arunjaitley hoped.
;;-0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday fell back on the bjps favourite pakistan bogey to sweep aside rahul gandhis latest attack over the rafale deal and accused the congress president of trying to wriggle out of a corner on the issue of national security.
;;-0.2023;;sidestepping the rafale deal, arunjaitley focused on attacking the opposition for questioning the pact.
;;-0.25;;2: finance minister arunjaitley today circulated fresh amendments to the gst constitutional amendment bill, which seeks to scrap a 1 per cent inter-state levy and provides for a compulsory five-year compensation to states for revenue losses as well as a dispute redressal mechanism to be set up by the gst council.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley with philip hammond, british chancellor of the exchequer, in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley indicated this in his budget speech in parliament on thursday.
;;-0.128;;21 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley today sought minimal judicial intervention in arbitrations for early dispute resolution, a view chief justice of india t.s. thakur countered by saying such interferences no longer exist.
;;0.0516;;in his speech, arunjaitley had pressed for expeditious arbitration, especially in view of the increase in foreign investments and the need to develop a mechanism to deal with commercial disputes with minimal judicial interference.
;;0.0;;1 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley on thursday announced a capital expenditure of rs 1.
;;0.2263;;jaitley new delhi, april 18: finance minister arunjaitley will leave tomorrow on a five-day visit to the us to participate in the spring meetings of the world bank and imf as well as deliberations of g20 nations.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley with minister of state santosh gangwar and financial services secretary anjuly chib duggal in new delhi on friday.
;;0.5106;;4: finance minister arunjaitley has exuded confidence that receipts from psu disinvestment will touch rs 45,000 crore in 2016-17.
;;0.7717;;warning that growing populism and isolationism can lead to further deterioration of global trade, arunjaitley advocated multilateral efforts to boost trade to support global growth.
;;0.128;;the judges are unwilling to retire, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arunjaitley said at a conference of lawyers organised by the partys legal cell.
;;0.2732;;being a former law minister, arunjaitley should know that certain statutory bodies can only be headed by serving and retired judges, he said.
;;0.6908;;senior leaders, including bjp national president nitin gadkari, leader of the opposi-tion in the rajya sabha arunjaitley , bihar affairs in-charge ananth kumar, actor-turned-mp shatrughan sinha and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, lavished praises on the workers for their hard work which ensured landslide victory for the party in particular and the nda in general in the october polls.
;;-0.0772;;arun arunjaitley joined the party president in attacking the centre.
;;0.0;;19: finance minister arunjaitley today faced questions on the gujarat government's shifting stance on the goods and services tax (gst), with congress leader jairam ramesh wondering whether the state's resistance during the upa years was merely political.
;;-0.5994;;arun jaitleynew delhi, march 25 (pti): a metropolitan magistrate today put chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aam aadmi party leaders on trial in a criminal defamation case union minister arunjaitley had filed in the delhi cricket association controversy amid chaotic scenes in the courtroom.
;;0.128;;the wire report suggested that the pro-bjp websites harmed arunjaitley in their zeal to safeguard his interests and reproduced the details.
;;-0.4404;;it said: on march 9, reports appeared in two bjp-leaning websites claiming that the wire was planning to publish a story which would try to ensnare finance minister arunjaitley in a new scandal.
;;0.0;;goyal, the railway minister, will hold additional charge of finance and corporate affairs, filling in for arunjaitley , who underwent a kidney transplant on monday.
;;0.0;;referring to changes in the finance ministry, a rashtrapati bhavan communiqu said: during the period of indisposition of shri arunjaitley , minister, the portfolios of minister of finance and minister of corporate affairs held by him be temporarily assigned to shri piyush goyal in addition to his existing portfolios.
;;0.4215;;the finance ministry said in a tweet that finance minister arunjaitley has approved the reorganisation of the field formations of the cbec for the implementation of gst.
;;-0.1531;;finance minister arunjaitley on friday seized on the court order in the samjhauta blast case to accuse the congress of vilifying the entire hindu community and asked for an apology, reinforcing efforts led by prime minister narendra modi to focus on polarising issues during the election campaign.
;;-0.5719;;it is a recipe for chaos, arunjaitley wrote in a blog.
;;0.6808;;7 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday described last years demonetisation as a watershed in indias economic history, claiming that it will provide the next generation with a fair and honest system to live in.
;;0.128;;finance minister arunjaitley did not give a direct answer to the question, the first part of which could have been replied with a simple yes or no.
;;-0.5719;;however, in reply to another question, arunjaitley did let one cat out of the bag: pnb had got wind of the scam on january 16, 2018.
;;-0.4939;;in a written answer, finance minister arunjaitley replied that the department of financial services in the ministry of finance had informed the pmo through an office memorandum dated march 1, 2018 of the action taken regarding the fraudulent issuance of letters of undertaking in pnb.
;;-0.4019;;fourth, arunjaitley has sought to be realistic about the fiscal deficit target  the finance minister began his speech by referring to the target set by his predecessor as an aspirational target.
;;0.4019;;however, putting curbs on legitimate public expenditure is clearly something arunjaitley seems unwilling to do.
;;-0.7096;;but for a difficult job that had to be done in a hurry, arunjaitley has drafted a reasonable - albeit inexorably long - first cut.
;;0.8173;;finance minister arunjaitley on friday described the supreme courts order for a time-bound inquiry against benched cbi chief alok verma as an extremely positive development.
;;-0.7579;;singh, then finance minister under prime minister p.v. narashimha rao, had to take into account the impact of the gulf crisis, while arunjaitley , serving under prime minister narendra modi, will have to factor in the uncertainties in iraq.
;;0.5859;;a double-digit inflation hung over singh like the sword of damocles while arunjaitley has to deliver on the promise of his prime minister by reining in prices.
;;0.0;;when arunjaitley will rise on thursday to present his maiden budget, he may take the leaf out of singhs 1991 speech.
;;-0.569;;missing economists unlike in the upa regime, which had an overwhelming presence of economists in policy circles, arunjaitley  a lawyer by profession  doesnt have the benefit of foreign-educated economists.
;;0.8807;;but some in the capitals policy circles think that arunjaitley will have the freedom to steer clear of theory and socialist hangover.
;;0.4215;;inflation cannot be contained through budget proposals, but arunjaitley can make a difference by pumping in public investments in agriculture and creating a proper supply chain to remove the bottlenecks that have contributed to food price inflation, which peaked at 11.
;;-0.2023;;as the stress is on investment and market economy, arunjaitley is likely to table the governments vision on various reforms to catalyse investments.
;;0.0;;the markets are also expecting arunjaitley to raise his target for fund-raising through psu disinvestments.
;;-0.8316;;the decision may have a political impact as it will give the opposition a handle to attack the government, arunjaitley will invoke the tough decisions argument of modi to push through fiscal consolidation and retain fiscal deficit at around 4.
;;0.7783;;27: finance minister arunjaitley today made out a strong case for brics nations developing their own arbitration mechanism to cut reliance on redressal centres in developed nations to ensure arbitration awards are not loaded against emerging economies.
;;-0.25;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said demonetisation resulted in formalisation of economy and increased tax base, prompting the government to earmark more resources for the poor and infrastructure development.
;;0.0;;it became a part of the formal system, arunjaitley added.
;;-0.6908;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday sought to allude to a collusion between the opposition parties and ousted cbi director alok verma, as the lawyer-turned-politician aggressively defended the governments decision to send the two warring officers on forced leave.
;;0.3818;;after justifying the decision that he said was taken to protect the integrity of the premier investigating agency and fairness of the probe against the two officers, arunjaitley went to slam the opposition and hint at its collusion with the ousted cbi director.
;;0.6597;;the three opposition parties arunjaitley referred to but didnt name were the congress, aam aadmi party and the cpm.
;;0.3612;;asked that the government dragged its feet on the issue since rakesh asthana, the special cbi director, was a blue-eyed boy of the prime minister, arunjaitley first sought to dismiss it saying this makes juicy stories for the electronic media.
;;0.6908;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday invoked national security and claimed the publication of the rafale papers by the hindu newspaper was a serious breach, echoing the position the government had taken in the supreme court on wednesday.
;;0.5994;;new delhi, july 9: finance minister arunjaitley today questioned whether it was desirable to continue offering high interest rates on savings that translate into higher cost of lending and sluggishness in the economy.
;;0.4019;;according to arunjaitley , stock exchanges such as the bse played a critical role in fuelling economic growth.
;;0.0;;18: finance minister arunjaitley today held an hour-long discussion with prime minister narendra modi over the appointment of the new rbi governor.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley , who had undergone a renal transplant surgery last year, had flown out on sunday night picture by prem singhfinance minister arunjaitley has left for the us for what sources described as a regular medical check-up.
;;0.0;;finance ministry sources said arunjaitley , who had undergone a renal transplant surgery last year, had flown out on sunday night.
;;0.0;;asked if that meant uma would continue as a minister, arunjaitley targeted main rival congress.
;;0.3818;;17 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley on friday termed the upgrade of india's credit rating by moody's after a gap of 13 years as a belated recognition of reforms in the last few years, and vowed to continue them while maintaining fiscal discipline.
;;0.0;;finance arunjaitley - who also holds the information and broadcasting minister portfolio - is next, tailed by his hrd counterpart smriti irani.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday pitched for a federal institution, similar to the gst council, in healthcare and agriculture as the schemes for these sectors face resistance from states because of political reasons.
;;0.0;;as health and social welfare schemes are implemented through states with the co-ordination of the centre, arunjaitley stated that such a federal body in healthcare would face least resistance from the states.
;;0.0;;new delhi, may 2: finance minister arunjaitley today stoutly defended demonetisation and said the exercise had ensured the digitalisation of the indian economy.
