;;0.0;;last week also, frosty indo-pak relations were on full display when finance minister arunjaitley was on the dais with his pakistani counterpart at an event in japan.
;;0.0;;(express photo by jaipal singh) arunjaitley had raised excise duty nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell.
;;0.4767;;he said the two bill would be discussed in a ministerial committee headed by finance minister arunjaitley this week or next week following which these would be sent for the union cabinets approval.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley and mos for urban development babul supriyo represented the centre at the ceremony.
;;-0.4404;;though he did not name arunjaitley , he was obviously referring to the minister urging him for restraint and discipline in the wake of his attacks on chief economic adviser arvind subramanian on wednesday and his use of the word discipline in defending economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das yesterday.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsin another apparent swipe at arunjaitley , whose photographs of meeting with the bank of china chairman tian guoli in beijing in a longue suit appeared in newspapers today, swamy asked bjp to advise ministers to wear traditional and modernised indian cloths when abroad.
;;-0.4526;;so you cannot trust arunjaitley for his statement on (consensus) to the gst bill, he said.
;;0.3818;;finance minister arunjaitley had made it clear on tuesday that the house cannot vote on a money bill.
;;0.4404;;it is good that finance minister arunjaitley has left the design of a mechanism for implementing a price deficiency scheme for farmers to the niti aayog.
;;0.4019;;b'finance minister arunjaitley and other bjp leaders after the parliamentary party meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.4019;;prem nath pandey finance minister arunjaitley and other bjp leaders after the parliamentary party meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;after almost an hour-long meeting last friday with congress leaders on the gst, union finance minister arunjaitley had a brief talk tuesday with congresss deputy leader in rajya sabha anand sharma.
;;0.4019;;meanwhile, arunjaitley met bihar chief minister nitish kumar who has voiced his support for the gst.
;;0.5574;;the gst council, the top decision making body headed by finance minister arunjaitley , had approved the model sgst bill at its 12th meeting on march 16 this year.
;;0.4767;;chaddha had saved his own number in the name of rohan arunjaitley in truecaller, and had also used a picture of the arunjaitley father-son duo as his whatsapp display image to sell his lie.
;;0.4019;;the announcement had come hours after finance minister arunjaitley ruled out special status to andhra pradesh.
;;0.4404;;with arunjaitley categorically stating that there is no question of giving special status to andhra pradesh, jagans plans to join hands with bjp are no longer viable.
;;0.7579;;while naidu had accepted the special package announced by arunjaitley on september 7, 2016, ysrcp kept raising the issue of the special category status.
;;0.3818;;finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said india is expected to become the third largest economy in the world by 2030 with gdp touching usd 10 trillion, helped by consumption and investment growth.
;;0.802;;b'finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18 (pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18 (pti photo)the health budget this year has made special provisions for elimination of five infectious diseases, strengthening of rural sub-centres, recruitment of specialist doctors in government hospitals, increased allocation for programmes for women and children, and free treatment for the elderly poor.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has congratulated central government officers, employees and pensioners on a historic rise in their salary & allowances through the 7th cpc.
;;0.0;;(file)finance minister arunjaitley on monday said india will continue to grow at 7-8 per cent rate, an absolute normal for the nation under the current global environment.
;;0.836;;pune, which was known as pensioners paradise, has a sizeable portion of retired citizens and the tax reliefs announced by arunjaitley have certainly come as music to their ears.
;;0.836;;pune, which was known as pensioners paradise, has a sizeable portion of retired citizens and the tax reliefs announced by arunjaitley have certainly come as music to their ears.
;;0.836;;pune, which was known as pensioners paradise, has a sizeable portion of retired citizens and the tax reliefs announced by arunjaitley have certainly come as music to their ears.
;;0.4019;;former union finance minister and senior bjp leader arunjaitley has been put on life support system and a multidisciplinary team of doctors at aiims, in the national capital, is monitoring his condition, sources said on saturday.
;;-0.4378;;finance minister arunjaitley did not provide any respite in the union budget over fuel price hike despite demands to cut down prices owing to global crude oil cues.
;;-0.4019;;he also complained that akali leaders were not informed about programmes of finance minister arunjaitley in the region.
;;0.5423;;b'with international yoga day tomorrow, finance minister arunjaitley hailed baba ramdev for keeping yoga alive.
;;0.5423;;with international yoga day tomorrow, finance minister arunjaitley hailed baba ramdev for keeping yoga alive.
;;0.5423;;with just a day to go for the international yoga day, union finance minister arunjaitley has hailed yoga guru baba ramdev for reviving the ancient indian practice and making people aware about the benefits of the same.
;;0.886;;while addressing masses at the iconic rajpath in the national capital, arunjaitley on june 19 said, i welcome baba ramdev ji and all his co-workers that they have organised this event two days before the international yoga day to celebrate the world wide success of the indias yoga initiative.
;;0.9451;;finance minister arunjaitley too hailed the partys astounding win in mahrashtra saying the results confirms that the party is capable of winning major states on its own.
;;0.6597;;on saturday, union minister arunjaitley unveiled an action plan for the nda, an alliance of 10 parties that includes ezhava party bharat dharma jana sena, which focuses on dalits, tribals and the backward communities.
;;-0.1526;;share this article related article nda meeting reviews assembly poll outcome in keralanda meeting reviews assembly poll outcome in kerala assembly elections 2016: cong being pushed increasingly to the margins, says jaitleyassembly elections 2016: cong being pushed increasingly to the margins, says arunjaitley will congress stand behind a 'hotchpotch' group in 2019: arun jaitley's poserwill congress stand behind a 'hotchpotch' group in 2019: arun jaitley's poser kerala let down by udf and ldf: arun jaitleykerala let down by udf and ldf: arunjaitley arunjaitley attacks grand alliance, says three-legged race cannot be wonarun arunjaitley attacks grand alliance, says three-legged race cannot be won arunjaitley joins modi as pm chorus with shouriethe action plan, essentially a manifesto, said all landless families would be allotted land within two years and that the alliance would launch a second phase of land reforms.
;;-0.6597;;to sum up, there is no doubt finance minister arunjaitley faces a dilemma with regard to the fiscal roadmap.
;;0.6369;;pti photowhile giving an income tax rebate of up to rs 12,500 to all individuals, finance minister arunjaitley in his budget on wednesday increased the tax burden on the rich by introducing a couple of surcharges.
;;0.3182;;later, arunjaitley had, in his budget speech 2015-16, announced an increase in the surcharge to 12 per cent and then again raising it to 15 per cent in his budget speech 2016-17.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley moved 21 amendments to the finance bill, which contains taxation proposals for 2018-19.
;;0.5859;;in this budget, arunjaitley revived a tax on long-term capital gains on listed equities  10 per cent on gains over rs 1 lakh.
;;0.6248;;acknowledging that situation in kashmir was serious, senior union minister arunjaitley said those indulging in stone-pelting in kashmir are not satyagrahis but aggressors who target police and security forces but some people with limited vision cannot see this.
;;-0.6808;;pti photo (pti1_25_2017_000191b)a city court on monday dismissed the plea of delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders seeking to be heard on point of framing of notice in a criminal defamation complaint filed by finance minister arunjaitley against them in regard to the ddca controversy.
;;-0.4215;;a civil defamation suit has also been filed by arunjaitley before the delhi high court in the matter seeking rs 10 crore as damages.
;;0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley at parliament before presenting the union budget (express photo) finance minister arunjaitley at parliament before presenting the union budget (express photo)february 2018 taught me  and i hope many others  a lesson in politics: that 25 years are long enough to erase memories of the past, especially the economic past.
;;0.0;;(source: file image) arunjaitley was addressing a book release event at the rashtrapati bhavan on the third anniversary of the modi government.
;;0.0;;since it did not receive any bids, a ministerial panel chaired by finance minister arunjaitley deferred the strategic plan to sell 76 per cent government holding.
;;-0.2732;;b'a view of rajya sabha a view of rajya sabhatwo days after finance minister arunjaitley beseeched fellow legislators not to cede their rightful domain of lawmaking to the judiciary, leaders of three important regional political forces, the sp, bsp and akali dal, on friday joined in to criticise judicial overreach and encroachment on legislative functions.
;;0.0;;reacting to her remarks, arunjaitley posted on twitter: behan mayawati  she is firm on becoming a prime minister.
;;-0.4767;;soon after he completed,leader of the opposition arunjaitley said he was disappointed over the contents of the statement.
;;-0.5574;;since that is taking time, arunjaitley proposed a one-time scheme of dispute resolution for all past cases that are ongoing under the retrospective amendment, thus providing an opportunity to rid the investor climate of a dreaded spectre.
;;0.0;;on the claim by finance minister arunjaitley that yi is a real estate company, it said the statement was absolutely false.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley , a rajya sabha member from gujarat, will contest the upcoming march 23 elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;(file photo) finance minister arunjaitley , a rajya sabha member from gujarat, will contest the upcoming march 23 elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;(file photo)the bjps central election committee announced on wednesday that finance minister arunjaitley , a rajya sabha member from gujarat, will contest the upcoming march 23 elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh, while oil minister dharmendra pradhan will represent madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;except arunjaitley and pradhan, the others will contest from the same states they have been elected from.
;;-0.34;;b'ram jethmalani and arunjaitley ram jethmalani and arunjaitley court of the joint registrar (judicial) in the delhi high court witnessed tense scenes as the cross-questioning of union finance minister arunjaitley by senior advocate ram jethmalani continued on wednesday.
;;0.0;;at one stage, the court noted that jethmalani had called arunjaitley a crook.
;;0.0;;earlier, starting the cross-examination, jethmalani said that in the last proceedings on may 15, arunjaitley had made a statement saying that though he did not read the weekly newspaper, sunday guardian, he might be able to find if any article had been published against him.
;;0.0;;jethmalani then suggested that before the article was to be published, arunjaitley had arranged with the staff not to publish it.
;;0.0;;jethmalani then asked when arunjaitley read the article (ad) for the first time.
;;-0.4939;;disallowing the question again, the court noted that during the questioning, jethmalani had referred arunjaitley as being guilty of crimes and crookery, to which, arunjaitley and his counsel had raised objections.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley along with coal and power minister piyush goyal, jharkhand chief minister raghubar das and urban development minister m venkaiah naidu at the global investors summit 2017 momentum jharkhand in ranchi on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo finance minister arunjaitley along with coal and power minister piyush goyal, jharkhand chief minister raghubar das and urban development minister m venkaiah naidu at the global investors summit 2017 momentum jharkhand in ranchi on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photofinance minister arunjaitley on thursday said that jharkhand has finally got its politics and economics right.
;;-0.6249;;kejriwal is also fighting a defamation battle against union finance minister arunjaitley in the ddca row.
;;0.0;;the aap leaders had alleged there were financial irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) when arunjaitley was its president from 2000 to 2013, prompting the minister to lodge defamation cases against them.
;;0.0772;;government is contemplating to make aadhaar or unique identification (uid) card mandatory to avail rail concession, and an announcement is likely to be made by finance minister arunjaitley while presenting the first combined general and railway budget on february 1.
;;0.1027;;it is also expected that arunjaitley will present a separate statement of budget estimates and demand for grants for railways in the general budget.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday inaugurated airtel payments bank of bharti enterprises, which is being rolled out across the country with an investment of rs 3,000 crore.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley with his pakistani counterpart (1st r) ishaq dar at the adb annual meeting in yokohama on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photo finance minister arunjaitley with his pakistani counterpart (1st r) ishaq dar at the adb annual meeting in yokohama on saturday.
;;0.1531;;pti photofrosty indo-pak relations after the beheading of indian soldiers by pakistani troops were on full display here when finance minister arunjaitley was on dais with his pakistani counterpart, often sharing cold vibes and aggressively countering islamabad backing of chinas belt and road initiative.
;;-0.5994;;while no question was put to the two ministers either on the recent tensions or the trade between the two nations, arunjaitley did not reply when journalists tried to speak to him.
;;0.0772;;however, in budget union finance minister arunjaitley removed all doubts and promised to adhere to the fiscal consolidation roadmap and stick to the 3.
;;0.4215;;finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleyamid the ongoing tussle for power between the bharatiya janata party and the congress in goa, union finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday slammed the grand-old party, saying that it complains a bit too much.
;;0.6597;;further weighing in on the debate between the largest single party lacking majority versus a combination of parties constituting a majority, arunjaitley cited the example of former president kr narayanan, when he had invited atal behari vajpayee to form the government.
;;0.4019;;the presidents choice of prime minister is pivoted on the would be prime ministers claim of commanding majority support, arunjaitley quoted the then president as saying.
;;0.0;;among those in attendance were finance minister arunjaitley , home minister rajnath singh, transport minister nitin gadkari and information and broadcasting minister venkaiah naidu.
;;-0.4404;;ram jethmalani , arunjaitley ram jethmalani , arun jaitleyunion minister arunjaitley monday filed another civil suit in the delhi high court seeking rs 10 crore as damages from chief minister arvind kejriwal, after his lawyer allegedly used an objectionable word against him in court last week.
;;-0.4215;;jethmalani had also said arunjaitley was guilty of crimes and crookery, the plea underlined.
;;-0.2263;;it was clear that this statement also was made on specific and categorical instructions of kejriwal these statements, made with ulterior motives, resulted in permanent harm and disrepute to arunjaitley , it said.
;;0.5267;;the plea also said it was apparent that kejriwal had immense personal malice against arunjaitley , and had attempted to gain cheap political mileage.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley with mos arjun ram meghwal arrives at parliament to present the union budget 2017-18 in the lok sabha, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley with mos arjun ram meghwal arrives at parliament to present the union budget 2017-18 in the lok sabha, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;he mentioned that the previous upa government had allocated only rs 500 crore towards orop, while omitting to mention that in its first full budget, mr arunjaitley had also allocated only rs 1000 crore for orop.
;;0.3612;;during the meeting described as a courtesy call, mehbooba, who assumed charge of the pdp-bjp government on april 4, informed the prime minister about her meetings with various cabinet ministers since tuesday including that with finance minister arunjaitley , official sources said.
;;0.0;;apart from the home minister and minister of state in pmo jitendra singh, those who will be part of the all-partydelegation include finance minister arunjaitley , leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, his lok sabha colleague mallikarjun kharge, senior congress leader ambika soni, union minister ram vilas paswan (ljp), jd-u leader sharad yadav, cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury and cpi leader d raja.
;;0.2263;;she also met finance minister arunjaitley and spoke of issues related to goods and services tax, release of pending claims for compensation due to central sales tax rate reduction, shortfalls in release of central grants amongst others.
;;0.4019;;however, while local bjp leaders stayed away, the party was represented by union minister arunjaitley and asansol mp babul supriyo at the ceremony.
;;-0.128;;bjp national president amit shah said the partys struggle against mamatas government will continue and the decision to send arunjaitley should not be seen as a sign of reaching out to the tmc.
;;0.25;;the non-profit organisation representing farmers across the states, including andhra pradesh, telangana, karnataka and gujarat, appealed to finance minister arunjaitley , to avoid the onslaught of heavy taxation on legal cigarette industry and help bring stability in farm prices of tobacco.
;;0.0;;adhias remarks came after the sensex crashed by more than 800 points, a day after finance minister arunjaitley presented the budget for 2018-2019.
;;0.0;;pm modi with finance minister arunjaitley in rajya sabha, thursday.
;;0.0;;tv grab pm modi with finance minister arunjaitley in rajya sabha, thursday.
;;-0.743;;congress on thursday accused the bjp-led government of criminal conspiracy in allowing businessman vijay mallya, facing probe in several loan default cases, to fly out of the country, as finance minister arunjaitley sought to corner the main opposition party by saying the loans were given to him during upa rule.
;;0.0;;(source; reuters)in a setback to the 3rd edition of the bengal global business summit, union finance minister arunjaitley did not attend the event today amid not-so-good current political relationship between the state and the centre.
;;0.4019;;party sources indicated that it may resort to a similar move in dealing with the defamation cases filed by union finance minister arunjaitley against kejriwal and other aap leaders.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley , heeding to election commission of indias request, reduced anonymous donation limit for a single donation to political parties from  20,000 to  2,000 earlier this year.
;;-0.3182;;however, finance minister arunjaitley in his budget presented on february 1 ignored those calls.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had articulated about it in his address to the imf last week here.
;;-0.1406;;what this means is that the proposed reforms by finance minister arunjaitley are no longer a matter of choice, but a necessity.
;;-0.7579;;watch indian express videos herethough he did not speak about these cases, arunjaitley had targeted the then upa government over criminal cases against amit shah, now bjp president, in alleged fake encounter probe.
;;-0.7184;;the meeting attended among others by finance minister arunjaitley , defence minister manohar parrikar, national security advisor a k doval took stock of the situation on the internal security front with a focus on kashmir, where life has remained paralysed for last 27 days after hizbul mujahideen terrorist burhan wani was killed in an encounter on july 8.
;;0.2732;;the national bank for agriculture and rural development (amendment) bill, 2017 introduced by finance minister arunjaitley also seeks to amend certain clauses in the light of reference of the micro, small and medium enterprises development act, 2006 and the companies act, 2013 in the proposed legislation.
;;0.0;;because the decision had to be kept in utmost secrecy, it is for this particular reason that these were not put into public domain, arunjaitley informed the rajya sabha during question hour.
;;0.0;;amarinder singh with arunjaitley in delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;amarinder singh with arunjaitley in delhi on thursday.
;;0.0516;;pti photoas rajya sabha bade farewell to 53 retiring members, the house saw voices against the alleged encroachment by judiciary on the rights of legislature, with finance minister arunjaitley pressing the need for preserving the supremacy of parliament in the making of law and budgets.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley and commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman launching the startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley and commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman launching the startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.8316;;giving credit to an aspirational society for forcing politicians to support reforms, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday said indian economy has defied global slowdown and geo-political tensions and is now poised to seize the opportunity to grow faster.
;;0.0;;for the implementation of gst, meetings are being held by finance minister arunjaitley with state finance ministers and clarification is being made on differences, if any, singh said.
;;0.4754;;opposing the contention, senior advocates harish salve and siddharth luthra  representing arunjaitley  said that in todays world, the words used are more powerful than a sword.
;;0.0;;babri masjid demolition case: finance minister arunjaitley arrives for a press conference after cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo by vijay kumar joshi) babri masjid demolition case: finance minister arunjaitley arrives for a press conference after cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.2584;;(pti photo by vijay kumar joshi)union finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said minister for water resources uma bharti will not resign from her post in the union cabinet.
;;0.1531;;separately, when asked whether the verdict will impact the selection of candidates for the posts of president and vice president, arunjaitley dismissed it as hypothetical, reported pti.
;;0.4215;;during the first-ever annual meeting of the board of governors of aiib, held in late june this year in beijing, representatives from 57 prospective founding member countries, including finance minister arunjaitley , attended the inaugural meeting and approved first four aiib-funded projects.
;;0.0;;common interestfinance minister arunjaitley and imf managing director christine lagarde met in delhi last week at the imfs advancing asia conference.
;;0.1779;;jaitley quitsarun arunjaitley , student leader, resigned from the working committee of the janata party.
;;0.0;;we will meet finance minister arunjaitley to raise the issue.
;;0.0;;we will meet finance minister arunjaitley to raise the issue.
;;0.0;;we will meet finance minister arunjaitley to raise the issue.
;;0.4215;;(photo for representation)the union cabinet, headed by prime minister narendra modi, on wednesday approved the launch of the ayushman bharat or national health protection mission, which was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in this years budget.
;;0.533;;(pti photo)the bjp today issued a showcase notice to darbhanga mp kirti azad, asking him to explain within 10 days why he should not be expelled from the party after he targeted finance minister arunjaitley over alleged irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
;;-0.5574;;b'aap leader arvind kejriwal (left) and bjp leader arunjaitley aap leader arvind kejriwal (left) and bjp leader arunjaitley delhi government and the centre were in a new standoff friday after the lt governor, conveying a union home ministry communication, declared as unconstitutional and illegal the aap governments decision to constitute an inquiry commission into alleged irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) which was headed for 13 years by bjp leader arunjaitley , now the union finance minister.
;;-0.1027;;hours after the union government passed an executive order monday revoking article 370, the special status conferred to jammu-kashmir, former finance minister arunjaitley congratulated prime minister narendra modi and union home minister amit shah for correcting a historical wrong.
;;0.128;;(source: file)finance minister arunjaitley on friday said it has undertaken expeditious investigations into the panama paper leaks and would take legal action depending upon the outcome of the probe.
;;0.0772;;advani didnt find a mention in the speech of leader of the opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley either,though he did indicate that the decision regarding modi was fraught with internal challenges.
;;0.4033;;a leadership is defined by its ability to take decisions because many a times these are very difficult decisions, arunjaitley praised rajnath before workers.
;;0.0772;;they also want finance minister arunjaitley and railway minister suresh prabhu to make announcements that would have an immediate impact on middle-income voters.
;;-0.5574;;in the 2017-18 budget, finance minister arunjaitley had proposed to ban cash transaction of over rs 3 lakh.
;;0.0772;;finance minister arunjaitley , through an amendment to the finance bill for 2017-18, had made aadhaar mandatory for filing income tax returns and provided for linking of pan with aadhaar to curb tax evasion through use of multiple pan cards.
;;0.1779;;finance minister arunjaitley had in his budget for 2018-19 said the government was considering to bring a new law to confiscate the assets of such absconders.
;;0.4019;;the party announced eight union ministers earlier, including finance minister arunjaitley (uttar pradesh) dharmendra pradhan (madhya pradesh) and ravi shankar prasad (bihar).
;;-0.1655;;bjp had screamed its lungs out on bringing back black money but modi and (finance minister) arunjaitley are quiet on this.
;;0.5719;;pti photofinance minister arunjaitley will leave on wednesday for a five-day visit to the united states to participate in the spring meetings of the world bank and imf as well as deliberations of g20 nations.
;;0.0;;the official delegation, led by arunjaitley , includes among others, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das and chief economic advisor arvind subramanian.
;;0.0;;later in the day, arunjaitley will hold a meeting with the ceos.
;;0.0;;on april 22, arunjaitley will participate in the imfc plenary session, along with patel and das.
;;0.0;;on april 24, arunjaitley will have an interaction with the council for foreign relations, followed by meetings with institutional and long-term investors.
;;0.4019;;later in the evening, arunjaitley will travel to moscow to boost military ties with russia.
;;-0.7506;;(file photo)delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal is set to be tried simultaneously in civil and criminal defamation cases filed against him by union finance minister arunjaitley , with the supreme court on tuesday dismissing his appeal to stay the criminal prosecution.
;;0.5423;;finance minister arunjaitley has sought to dispel these impressions by showcasing the growth in both indirect (14.
;;0.0;;according to a statement released by the world bank, she will also be holding discussions with finance minister arunjaitley and other key policy-makers.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley with mos arjun ram meghwal arrives at parliament to present the union budget 2017-18 in the lok sabha, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo finance minister arunjaitley with mos arjun ram meghwal arrives at parliament to present the union budget 2017-18 in the lok sabha, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.631;;but for the next year, with expectations that the economy will grow around 7 per cent, arunjaitley expects the gross tax revenues to rise by just 12.
;;-0.9403;;share this article related article goa election results 2017: bjp stakes claim to form governemt under manohar parrikargoa election results 2017: bjp stakes claim to form governemt under manohar parrikar elections results 2017 highlights: goa governor mridula sinha appoints manohar parrikar as chief ministerelections results 2017 highlights: goa governor mridula sinha appoints manohar parrikar as chief minister manohar parrikar under opposition attack in rajya sabhamanohar parrikar under opposition attack in rajya sabha goa assembly elections: cm has to be young at heart, though slightly elder, says manohar parrikargoa assembly elections: cm has to be young at heart, though slightly elder, says manohar parrikar pampore attack an act of frustration: manohar parrikarpampore attack an act of frustration: manohar parrikar manohar parrikar says some ex-pms 'compromised' india's deep assets, congress demands evidencepoetry & queriesadman piyush pandey is likely to host this years talkathon with finance minister arunjaitley on the day the budget is presented.
;;0.2235;;finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the government does not plan to impose any tax on agricultural income, dismissing the suggestion of niti aayog member bibek debroy.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley was on wednesday discharged from a hospital where he had undergone an elective laparoscopic procedure for diabetes management last week.
;;0.0;;later, arunjaitley (61) attended a meeting of the union cabinet, which was chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;ending a nearly century-old practice of having a separate budget for railways, the government from the current fiscal merged it with the general budget, which was presented by finance minister arunjaitley on february 1.
;;0.0;;arun arunjaitley will always say i have so many priorities and rightly so.
;;0.34;;union finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday cleared the air over the terms of reference of the 15th finance commission, saying a needless controversy is being created over the issue.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley and minister of state for urban development babul supriyo with bengal cm mamata banerjee at the swearing-in ceremony, in kolkata friday.
;;0.0;;(source: subham dutta) finance minister arunjaitley and minister of state for urban development babul supriyo with bengal cm mamata banerjee at the swearing-in ceremony, in kolkata friday.
;;0.6486;;choosing not to focus on the fact that the party failed to build on its 17 per cent vote share during the 2014 lok sabha polls, arunjaitley described the partys inroads in kerala and west bengal as a success story.
;;0.0;;b'setting up an aiims in the home state of prime minister narendra modi was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in the 2017-2018 budget.
;;0.0;;(file photo) setting up an aiims in the home state of prime minister narendra modi was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in the 2017-2018 budget.
;;0.0;;setting up an aiims (all india institutes of medical sciences) in the home state of prime minister narendra modi was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in the 2017-2018 budget.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley is a special invitee.
;;0.0772;;(file photo)finance minister arunjaitley today slammed the debate on obsolete ideas like paper ballot versus electronic voting machines and cash as opposed to digital payment, saying they are diversionary tactics.
;;-0.1027;;and therefore those who argue going back to the obsolete ideas, eventually is not a cause which is likely to ever succeed, arunjaitley added.
;;0.4019;;(file photo)questioning the basic structure doctrine that acts as a check against legislative over-reach, a congress member of parliament from rajya sabha has written to finance minister arunjaitley asking the bjp to act against what he calls judicial encroachments to parliamentarian rights and has asked for a special session to discuss judicial activism.
;;-0.6597;;the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, which seeks to end the liability of rbi and the government on the currency notes demonetised in november last, was introduced by finance minister arunjaitley amid stiff opposition by trinamool congress, which called it illegal and anti-national.
;;0.0;;roy then took a jibe at arunjaitley , saying the minister was not aware of the lok sabha rules as he was never its member.
;;0.2023;;referring to a tweet by congress leader and former finance minister p chidambarm, questioning current finance minister over his statement that there was an alliance of subversion on certain indian campuses, prasad said, mr arunjaitley as dusu president was fighting against the emergency of indira gandhi where freedom of the media and individuals was curbed.
;;0.5106;;in a tweet after jaitleys talk at the london school of economics where he said that free speech in society needs to be debated, chidambarm had asked, when mr arunjaitley was president of dusu in 1975, was he heading an alliance of subversion?
;;0.7003;;finance minister arunjaitley (file) finance minister arunjaitley (file)the gst council, which is meeting on saturday, is likely to finalise the draft model gst law including final drafting of the anti-profiteering clause to ensure benefit of lower taxes gets shared with consumers.
;;0.0;;the council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising representatives of all states, is also likely to finalise the definition of agriculture and agriculturist as well as constitution of a national goods and services tax appellate tribunal to adjudicate disputes.
;;-0.5994;;a tweet from finance minister arunjaitley handle on thursday morning, paying tribute to netaji subhas chandra bose on his death anniversary, has drawn a sharp reaction from trinamool congress.
;;0.4404;;(file photo)finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said investigative agencies are doing their best to ensure extradition of controversial businessman vijay mallya, who was arrested in london yesterday and later released on bail.
;;-0.296;;it is heartening, too, that finance minister arunjaitley has underlined that there are no holy cows in this regard.
;;0.0258;;congress leader digvijaya singh took up the matter during zero hour and mentioned an interview in a mumbai newspaper in which sinha was quoted as having said that she had spoken to finance minister arunjaitley in new delhi before deciding to call the bjp to form the government.
;;0.5499;;azad tried to reason with the chair, saying the congress was not discussing sinhas conduct but only her public utterances in which she had purportedly admitted to having spoken to arunjaitley before inviting bjp to form the government.
;;0.6369;;(source: pti photo)taking a dig at the dynasty-driven congress, finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said the party will shrink in absence of stalwarts like jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi as it does not have leaders of that stature.
;;-0.34;;this was done almost immediately after finance minister arunjaitley made the announcement on april 4 that a multi-agency panel was being constituted to exclusively probe the panama papers leak and the indians named in it.
;;-0.6486;;naidu particularly picked up union finance minister arunjaitley for the attack, saying the latter failed to come up with proper answers to various questions related to the state bifurcation and implementation of the ap reorganisation act, which paved the way of creation of telangana in 2014.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference here late tonight, he castigated arunjaitley for claiming in the upper house of parliament that we have done a lot to andhra pradesh so far.
;;0.0;;in the budget for 2017-18, finance minister arunjaitley has proposed to provide taxmen with the power to provisionally attach the property of an assessee for six months either at the time of search and seizure or till 60 days from that date.
;;0.0;;it follows announcement regarding it by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 1.
;;0.0;;while bjp chief amit shah occupies the third spot, finance minister arunjaitley and congress president sonia gandhi covet the fourth and fifth spots.
;;0.5106;;finance minister arunjaitley debunked swamys call for sacking subramanian saying government has full confidence in cea.
;;0.3818;;on friday, the lok sabha passed the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) bill, 2016, which finance minister arunjaitley asserted was a money bill.
;;0.0;;because the decision had to be kept in utmost secrecy, it is for this particular reason that these were not put into public domain, arunjaitley informed the rajya sabha during question hour.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley hit back, saying the government had inherited double-digit inflation from the upa government.
;;-0.09;;with his party deciding to relent under pressure  sena chief uddhav thackery had spoken to finance minister arunjaitley and also bjp president rajnath singh  gowda had no choice but to give the green signal for a rollback in the afternoon.
;;0.2263;;the requisite number of states have ratified the gst constitution amendment bill and now it can go for presidential assent, union finance minister arunjaitley tweeted.
;;0.4767;;finance minister arunjaitley made the announcement of the approval after the cabinet meeting.
;;-0.7351;;b'finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleyfinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday denied reports of prime minister narendra modi striking a deal with his italian counterpart to free two italian marines accused of killing indian fishermen for information on the gandhi family.
;;-0.1531;;read | highlights: opposition parties give notice for impeachment of cji, arunjaitley calls it threat to judicial independencein case he finds merit, then he may form a committee to look into it, else he can reject it.
;;-0.8176;;hitting back at the congress, finance minister arunjaitley accused the grand old party of using impeachment as a political tool and said its notice to remove cji misra was a revenge petition after the scs ruling in judge loya death case had exposed the conspiracy of falsehood.
;;-0.5252;;read more | impeachment motion against chief justice of india: arunjaitley dubs the move as revenge petition by congresshe further said trivialising the use of impeachment power is a dangerous event and noted that it is not difficult to collect 50 signatures of rajya sabha or hundred signatures of lok sabha members even on frivolous issues.
;;0.0;;the raid had stoked a clash between the two with kejriwal alleging that it was meant to seize some files purportedly containing details of alleged corruption in ddca when finance minister arunjaitley was its president between 1999 and 2013.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley (source: file/pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley (source: file/pti photo)there has been a mixed reaction to the annual union budget presented by finance minister arun jaitley.
;;-0.3818;;asked if he still has reservations about the working of finance minister arunjaitley , swamy said he had complaints because officers, working closely with arunjaitley , were helping congress leader p chidambaram in his legal battles.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley and bjp members during the voting on the gst bill in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.4588;;finance minister arunjaitley has decided to fire the first salvo in cutting tax rates of a bygone socialist era in which profits were considered evil; they were something the bhadralok shunned with pride.
;;-0.296;;comparing the tax compliance data offered by arunjaitley on page 28 of his budget speech (and our synthetic or estimated income distribution for 2011 to 2016/17, the one used by virmani and myself), one gets the following result: for 2015-16, those earning between rs 10 lakh and rs 50 lakh (individuals with no tax surcharge), only 13 per cent of individuals paid taxes, while for those with incomes above rs 50 lakh, tax compliance is 26 per cent, that is, the super-rich who are paying a 10-15 per cent surcharge are twice as tax compliant as the near-rich.
;;-0.3818;;what arunjaitley did not emphasise was that this was the lowest in real terms since the programme was initiated in 2008/2009; the real allocationto mgnrega is now less than two-thirds of the rs 37,400 made available in 2008/2009.
;;0.0;;naidu was yesterday made a part of the three-member panel, which also included finance minister arunjaitley and home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.4019;;incidentally, the aam aadmi party government of delhi has alleged irregularities in the delhi cricket body ddca during the term of present finance minister arunjaitley as president of ddca, a post he held till 2013.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley on thursday.
;;0.5994;;pti photounion finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday called upon party leaders to work for the development of the region, the state as well as take along mainstream parties in the valley in fight against separatism.
;;0.2263;;the government has proposed to make the aadhaar number mandatory for filing income-tax returns and while applying for a new permanent account number (pan) from july 1, according to amendments proposed by finance minister arunjaitley in the finance bill.
;;0.0;;union minister arunjaitley would participate at a function in may.
;;0.128;;(source: ani photo)finance minister arunjaitley on saturday advocated for freehand to ministers and bureaucrats to express themselves on social media to make government functioning transparent.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley and rbi governor urjit patel during the customary post- budget meeting in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photo new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley and rbi governor urjit patel during the customary post- budget meeting in new delhi on saturday.
;;-0.3412;;finance minister arun jailtey (file photo) finance minister arun jailtey (file photo)a day ahead of the union budget, the economic survey for 2016-17 tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley does not present a bright picture for the next financial year 2017-18.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley speaks in rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley speaks in rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley and minister of state for urban development babul supriyo with bengal cm mamata banerjee at the swearing-in ceremony, in kolkata friday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by subham dutta) finance minister arunjaitley and minister of state for urban development babul supriyo with bengal cm mamata banerjee at the swearing-in ceremony, in kolkata friday.
;;-0.4791;;(express photo by subham dutta)the decision of the west bengal bjp to boycott the swearing-in ceremony of mamata banerjee and her cabinet colleagues friday hasnt gone down well with the partys central leadership, with sources saying that union finance minister arunjaitley expressed his displeasure at the move.
;;0.4019;;bjp state president dilip ghosh wasnt present in kolkata friday and former state bjp chief rahul sinha, who received arunjaitley , had to bear the brunt of the union ministers displeasure, said senior party leaders.
;;0.0;;an interview with finance minister arunjaitley in this newspaper is revealing.
;;-0.296;;fully aware of its sensitivity, finance minister arunjaitley had to issue a statement from moscow; he had to clarify that there is no intention on the governments part to tax agricultural income.
;;0.0;;at a meeting of the com held on april 11, 2016, arunjaitley voiced his reservations.
;;0.0;;however, speaking at a public event in march 2017, arunjaitley had echoed modis views on simultaneous polls.
;;0.0;;the decision has been taken at a meeting of a high level committee chaired by home minister rajnath singh and attended by finance minister arunjaitley besides others.
;;0.0;;he claimed that finance minister arunjaitley had advised dow chemicals and union carbide.
;;0.0258;;during the union budget presented today, finance minister arunjaitley proposed to restrict cash donations to political parties from individuals to rs 2,000 and introduced an electoral bonds scheme.
;;0.0;;he also maintained that his government had discussed the issue with finance minister arunjaitley and home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.0;;home minister rajnath singh was not present at the meeting, and finance minister arunjaitley was around only for a short while.
;;0.0;;parliament budget session 2017 begins todaythe government will table the economic survey 2017 today before the parliament, a day before finance minister arunjaitley presents the union budget.
;;0.0;;b'noting that such a visa fee is impacting only indian companies, arunjaitley had described it as a discriminatory practice.
;;0.0;;noting that such a visa fee is impacting only indian companies, arunjaitley had described it as a discriminatory practice.
;;-0.25;;the us has told india it is bound by legislation on the recent visa fee hike  which has badly hit indian it companies, an issue that was strongly raised by finance minister arunjaitley in his bilateral meeting.
;;0.0;;noting that such a visa fee is impacting only indian companies, arunjaitley had described it as a discriminatory practice.
;;0.0;;wipe that taxcongress mp sushmita dev has written to finance minister arunjaitley and sought a reduction in taxes on sanitary napkins - at par with condoms and contraceptives, which are tax-free as they are recognised as a necessity.
;;0.4019;;written: rajeev dimrithe last budget speech delivered by finance minister arunjaitley was based on the agenda of transforming india with the help of nine distinct pillars.
;;0.601;;share this article related article gst council unveils 4-slab rates for services: here's how industry reactedgst council unveils 4-slab rates for services: here's how industry reacted budget 2016: everything you need to knowbudget 2016: everything you need to know budget 2016: tech industry gives a thumbs-up to arun jaitely's proposalsbudget 2016: tech industry gives a thumbs-up to arun jaitely's proposals budget 2016: arun jaitley's biggest announcements from farm sector to taxesbudget 2016: arun jaitley's biggest announcements from farm sector to taxes budget 2016: arunjaitley announces 9 pillars for transforming indiabudget 2016: arunjaitley announces 9 pillars for transforming india budget 2016: arunjaitley tables pro-rural budget, tax sops for small income indianssimilar challenges are being faced by the health sector which also enjoys exemptions / concessions on its output supplies, however, is not eased off with the input side tax costs.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had in his budget 2016-17 speech said the aayog will identify psus for strategic sale and disinvestment.
;;0.0;;sources said the congress is also exploring the possibility of giving a privilege notice against finance minister arunjaitley for his statement in rajya sabha that there was no currency inadequacy even for a day.
;;-0.25;;finance minister arunjaitley , who was scheduled to attend the conference, sources said, has cancelled the participation due to political reasons.
;;0.0;;in an application filed before cmm sanjay khangwal, arunjaitley sought summoning of records of ddca for the relevant period in which he was the president of the cricketing body.
;;-0.4404;;the court is currently recording pre-summoning evidence in the criminal defamation complaint filed by arunjaitley , who had recorded his statement before the cmm in support of his plea on january 5.
;;0.1779;;this has prompted the all india confederation of the blind to write to finance minister arunjaitley and the minister for social justice and empowerment thawar chand gehlot, asking them to withdraw the decision of the gst council.
;;0.0;;the meeting was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , and top-most officials from the ministry of finance, the pmo and the cabinet secretary.
;;-0.296;;gadkari also said he will soon be meeting finance minister arunjaitley to request for a lower tax slab for vehicles run on ethanol, bio diesel and bio cng.
;;0.1027;;union home minister rajnath singh, along with finance minister arunjaitley and defence minister manohar parrikar, on sunday reviewed the prevailing situation in manipur where a 75-day long economic blockade on national highways has crippled normal life.
;;-0.9287;;pti photofinance minister arunjaitley on monday attacked the sacked congress government in uttarakhand saying the speaker was murdering democracy by first declaring a budget rejected by majority mlas as passed and then by disqualifying mlas even after assembly was put under suspended animation.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley (pti/file) finance minister arunjaitley (pti/file)finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said government may seek voting on gst constitution amendment bill in rajya sabha in the monsoon session in case congress continues to oppose the long-pending indirect tax law.
;;-0.1511;;one such tweet, seen as a swipe at finance minister arunjaitley , said: if i apply samuelson-swamy theory of index numbers to indias gdp calculation or rbi interests rates, media will scream anti party activity!
;;0.0;;we cannot have a banking system where people take loans and do not repay, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;-0.8689;;this came after finance minister arunjaitley on friday called the notice a revenge petition following the supreme court rejecting a plea for a probe into the death of judge b h loya, who was hearing the sohrabuddin sheikh fake ancounter case involving bjp chief amit shah.
;;-0.2924;;referring to para 19 of the cbi affidavit,leader of the opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley said the portion where the probe agency had stated that it is not clear on what basis weightage was given to those who got the mining contracts have been removed at the instance of the minister.
;;-0.6124;;fire brigade, ambulance services, police vehicles and other emergency services will be allowed to use the blue beacon, arunjaitley added.
;;-0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arunjaitley delhi high court monday disallowed four questions by advocate ram jethmalani in a civil defamation suit filed by union minister arunjaitley against chief minister arvind kejriwal and five aap leaders seeking rs 10 crore as damages.
;;-0.4404;;directing a barrage of questions to arunjaitley before joint registrar (judicial) rupali sharma, jethmalani asked the minister how he had estimated the damages at rs 10 crore.
;;0.6369;;he then went on to say that as arunjaitley was a cabinet minister, the best character witness for him would be the prime minister.
;;0.0;;he also asked if arunjaitley had consulted the pm before filing the suit.
;;0.0;;kejriwal and the aap leaders had alleged financial irregularities by arunjaitley during his tenure as president of the delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
;;-0.1027;;the senior advocate then asked arunjaitley about the rs 22 crore offer to name the stadium after dhirubhai ambani, and another proposal from the government offering to pay all expenses if the stadium was named after shyama prasad mookerjee.
;;-0.4031;;jethmalani then suggested that arunjaitley imposed the decision on the ddca to not accept any donation either from a private or a government donor, as he did not want any interference in the associations spending.
;;-0.4767;;i would have never done so since it would be a terrible precedent for a minister to persuade his own government to spend funds on a private body, of which he is the president, arunjaitley replied.
;;0.0;;finance minister finance minister arunjaitley (pti)union budget 2017: service tax to be hiked to 16-18 ; eating out, phone bills to be costlierfinance minister arunjaitley may hike service tax rate to 16-18 per cent from the current 15 per cent in the budget, due on wednesday, as a precursor to the goods and services tax (gst) rollout.
;;0.0;;tax experts say, arunjaitley , who had in his previous budget hiked service tax rate by 0.
;;0.5106;;salaried class has got something to cheer with finance minister arunjaitley on thursday raising tax exemption limit to rs 2.
;;-0.4215;;the senior lawyer also criticised finance minister arunjaitley and the nda government over their policy on black money.
;;0.4588;;b'finance minister arunjaitley receives the pay panel report from justice a k mathur in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.4588;;(source: file photo/ pti) finance minister arunjaitley receives the pay panel report from justice a k mathur in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.765;;advertisingaddressing students at the shri ram college of commerces annual day, arunjaitley cited a study to say poverty will deplete over the years, and by 2024, the indian middle class would be four times the size of the bpl (below poverty line) category.
;;0.4019;;the saffron party, in an editorial in its mouthpiece saamana, also said finance minister arunjaitley had had merely repackaged old schemes as new in his budget presentation thursday.
;;-0.0258;;while making the proposals in this years budget, the government was guided by its mission to strengthen agriculture and rural development besides other sectors of the countrys economy, arunjaitley stressed.
;;0.0;;asked whether finance minister arunjaitley will travel to pakistan to attend the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) finance ministers meeting, the sources said a decision on it has not been firmly made.
;;0.2732;;an european parliament delegation for relations with india is also in the country and it had strongly sought resumption of talks for the trade pact during its meetings with finance minister arunjaitley and commerce minister nirmala sitharaman.
;;0.0;;the request came when finance minister arunjaitley met the uk chancellor and others.
;;0.0;;watch | union minister sripad naik on cm candidate for goa bjpfinance minister arunjaitley will be in lucknow and road and highways minister nitin gadkari in kanpur, while newly-elected president of bcci and national president of bjps youth wing anurag thakur and hrd minister smriti irani will be in gorakhpur to participate in programmes on separate dates.
;;-0.4391;;barely two months after he entered the rajya sabha, subramanian swamy has proved his critics right  his couldnt-care-less swipes at finance minister arunjaitley are proving more costly than what he had bargained for.
;;0.4019;;banerjee, who visited the capital earlier this week, also met finance minister arunjaitley , bihar chief minister nitish kumar, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and leaders from different non-congress, non-bjp parties.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley outside parliament on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(express photo/praveen jain) finance minister arunjaitley outside parliament on wednesday.
;;0.0516;;finance minister arunjaitley moved the finance bill 2018, which contains taxation proposals of his fifth and final budget, as well as the appropriation bill that details spendings in various departments, amid protests by opposition which continued sloganeering in the house.
;;0.4019;;meanwhile, finance minister arunjaitley , whose rajya sabha term from gujarat is coming to an end, will also contest elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh, according to an announcement made by the bharatiya janata party (bjp)s central election committee on thursday.
;;-0.5267;;(source: pti photo)finance minister arunjaitley on friday said normalcy has been restored within few weeks of the unprecedented decision to recall 86 per cent of the currency in circulation and there is no shortage of notes in market.
;;0.1531;;referring to media reports that said arunjaitley had a discussion with the him on the bill, rahul said the finance minister had come to invite him for his daughters wedding.
;;0.5258;;(source: express file photo)senior bjp leaders indicated friday that the party was upset with its rajya sabha mp subramanian swamy and that action could be taken against him if he did not stop his attacks on finance minister arunjaitley and senior bureaucrats.
;;0.0;;while he didnt name any minister, the tweet came within minutes of tv channels beaming images of arunjaitley wearing a coat and tie, meeting officials and business delegates in beijing while on an official visit.
;;0.4215;;sources in the party, including those who work closely with the rss, said that swamys diatribe against arunjaitley , chief economic advisor arvind subramanian and economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das did not have the sanghs backing.
;;0.7845;;at least three bjp general secretaries favoured a strong reaction from the top leadership against swamy, who has continued to target arunjaitley in his tweets.
;;0.1779;;a day after arunjaitley tweeted in defence of bureaucrats in the finance ministry who were targeted by swamy, the rajya sabha mp responded in a tweet: people giving me unasked for advice of discipline and restraint dont realise that if i disregard discipline there would be a bloodbath.
;;-0.6597;;the all india lpg distributors federations punjab unit has passed a resolution against the i-t notice and have also written to the union finance minister arunjaitley , demanding an end to harassment in the name of pmgky.
;;0.6124;;pti photofinance minister arunjaitley today began his five-day china visit by meeting top chinese bankers and wealth fund managers pitching for more investments in indias infrastructure sector.
;;0.4939;;soon after his arrival in beijing, arunjaitley met bank of china chairman tian guoli and addressed a closed roundtable meeting of heads of sovereign wealth funds, institutional investors and banks.
;;0.0;;on june 25, arunjaitley will attend the board governors meeting of the asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib) in which india is the second largest investor after china.
;;-0.0258;;addressing the media, congress spokesperson jaiveer shergill referred to reports that arunjaitley had met robert blake, charge daffaires at the us embassy in india, on may 6, 2005, during which he told the us diplomat that hindu nationalism was an opportunistic issue for the bjp.
;;-0.0516;;quoting the leaked cable, shergill said arunjaitley had also agreed with blakes point that narendra modi was a polarising personality.
;;0.0;;the union budget will be presented in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley on february 1.
;;0.2023;;the alleged incident took place saturday during the hearing of a defamation case filed by union minister arunjaitley against top aap leaders, including delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
;;0.8555;;watch video: whats making newswithout naming finance minister arunjaitley , sidhu hinted that the party did not give him a ticket from amritsar seat in 2014, expecting it was a safe seat for arunjaitley to win.
;;-0.6483;;in the event, arunjaitley , who has never won a political election, lost to congresss capt amarinder singh, a former punjab chief minister.
;;-0.765;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders were today put on trial in a criminal defamation case filed by union minister arunjaitley in the ddca controversy, amid chaotic scenes in a court room.
;;-0.3612;;advocates from both the sides indulged in a heated argument over non-appearance of arunjaitley after chief metropolitan magistrate (cmm) sumit dass started the proceedings.
;;-0.4215;;a civil defamation suit has also been filed by arunjaitley before the delhi high court in the matter seeking rs 10 crore as damages.
;;-0.3415;;the spa was inaugurated by finance minister arunjaitley , who got slightly injured when he tripped trying to board the swamis helicopter.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley outlined the economic agenda of the ruling narendra modi-led government in his third budget presented in the lok sabha monday.
;;-0.6486;;b'finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleyex-servicemen seeking changes in the governments one rank one pension (orop) scheme, on sunday, staged a protest outside the official residence of finance minister arunjaitley in delhi, alleging that he failed to respond to concerns raised by them during an earlier meeting.
;;-0.25;;gandhi, general secretary of indian ex-servicemen movement, said the veterans will continue with their protest until arunjaitley or parrikar holds parleys with them.
;;0.0;;the proposal to come out with a new law on the black money was mooted by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech.
;;0.7579;;the strong leadership of prime minister narendra modi and his keen interest to bolster development of assam and northeastern region has enabled the state to get its dues (oil royalty), which has long been ignored by the previous congress-led upa government, said sonowal, who met union finance minister arunjaitley and petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and other central ministers in new delhi on monday and tuesday.
;;-0.4939;;answering questions, arunjaitley saw no contradiction between the governments agenda of development and the debate over nationalism.
;;-0.7579;;the complete apathy and insensitivity of the government, which is trying to impose tax on farmers through the backdoor is exposed by the fact that while finance minister arunjaitley tried to contradict debroys proposal, the cea wholeheartedly supported taxing farmers, azad said.
;;0.5106;;bihar chief minister nitish kumar had also written to finance minister arunjaitley , who is also chairman of the gst council, seeking exemption on inputs for langar saying that even though food served through a langar is not taxable under gst, some significant inputs like sugar, ghee, edible oil, spices etc are taxable.
;;-0.4767;;in december, the aap blamed finance minister arunjaitley , who was ddca president till 2013, for the alleged irregularities, following which he filed a defamation case against chief minister arvind kejriwal and other aap leaders.
;;0.0;;a gst council headed by finance minister arunjaitley has been reviewing policies under the new tax regime.
;;0.5267;;union finance minister arunjaitley had yesterday backed arvind subramanian and said that the government has full confidence in the chief economic advisor.
;;0.3612;;congress members in the lok sabha today targeted finance minister arunjaitley and pressed for a privilege motion against him over the lokpal issue.
;;0.6369;;congress leader mallikarjun kharge and another party member k c venugopal raised the issue of privilege notice moved by the latter against arunjaitley and pressed speaker sumitra mahajan to take a decision.
;;-0.4215;;finance minister arunjaitley (express photo by renuka puri) finance minister arunjaitley (express photo by renuka puri)in a move criticised by the opposition as unprecedented, finance minister arunjaitley proposed amendments to 40 laws tuesday, incorporating them in the finance bill moved for consideration in lok sabha.
;;0.4588;;meanwhile, earlier today, rajan called on finance minister arunjaitley as the central bank and the government seek to quickly put in place a new interest rate-setting mechanism.
;;-0.4019;;that debate has been settled, it would seem, with finance minister arunjaitley second full budget not rocking the boat, as reflected in the decision to stick to the roadmap of reducing the fiscal deficit to 3.
;;0.0;;responding to the opposition parties, commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman said the government was seized of the problems being faced by drought-hit farmers in tamil nadu and that finance minister arunjaitley , agriculture minister radha mohan singh and water resources minister uma bharti have already met delegations from the state.
;;0.0;;on his meeting with finance minister arunjaitley ahead of the policy, das said there is nothing unusual about such a move.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley is the other member of the bjp panel formed by party chief amit shah a few days ago.
;;0.4404;;earlier this week in a significant decision, union finance minister arunjaitley and union urban development minister venkaiah naidu accepted chief minister devendra fadnaviss request of including affordable housing, including slum redevelopment, in the list of social and commercial infrastructure.
;;0.5719;;to a query on whether special category state status would be granted to andhra pradesh, arunjaitley at a press conference on march 7 had said why not bihar?
;;-0.4497;;the oil ministry had earlier this year sought a reduction in excise duty on petrol and diesel to cushion the impact of rising international oil rates, but finance minister arunjaitley in his budget presented on february 1 ignored those calls.
;;0.0;;the meeting, being organised by government think tank niti aayog, will be attended by a host of ministers including finance minister arunjaitley , niti aayog functionaries and leading economists.
;;0.0;;apart from the home minister and minister of state in pmo jitendra singh, those who will be part of the all-party delegation include finance minister arunjaitley , leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, his lok sabha colleague mallikarjun kharge, senior congress leader ambika soni, union minister ram vilas paswan (ljp), jd-u leader sharad yadav, cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury and cpi leader d raja.
;;0.0;;in his reply to the debate, arunjaitley left it to speaker sumitra mahajan to take the final call on whether or not it could be classified as a money bill.
;;-0.0258;;earlier in the day, arunjaitley refused to accept the opposition demand that the bill be referred to the standing committee.
;;-0.4939;;as arunjaitley proposed that the house take up the bill for consideration, bhartruhari mahtab of the bjd expressed the fear that it could lead to invasion of privacy.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech for 2014-15 had announced plans to increase fdi in the defence sector and open up the cash-starved government-owned railways.
;;0.0;;the delegation is meeting finance minister arunjaitley , commerce minister nirmala sitharaman and minister of state for external affairs v k singh during which the issues are likely to be flagged.
;;0.0;;after he met the mps  among them sharad pawar (ncp), digvijaya singh (congress), anu aga, naresh gujral (sad), rajeev chandrashekhar, neeraj shekhar (sp)  the prime minister had a discussion with finance minister arunjaitley , parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar and senior officials.
;;0.34;;explaining the rationale for urgency to get the bill passed, finance minister and leader of the house arunjaitley said the ordinance effecting the amendments in the act would lapse on march 14, 2017 and this was a security issue also.
;;-0.1027;;( pti photo)union finance minister arunjaitley and minister of state in the pmo jitendra singh will pay tributes at the memorials of martyrs on august 21 as part of bjps countrywide fortnight programme 70 saal azadi-zara yaad karo kurbani.
;;-0.1027;;arun arunjaitley and jitendra singh will also come to jammu on august 21 to visit the memorials of martyrs and pay tributes, bjp state president and mla sat sharma told reporters in jammu, on tuesday.
;;0.1531;;saying that communists had a divisive ideology with no faith in parliamentary democracy, arunjaitley cited several instances from history.
;;-0.4215;;urging bjym chief anurag thakur to distribute copies of the speech, arunjaitley quoted ambedkar: everyone except the communists will embrace this constitution because the foundation of the constitution is parliamentary democracy, the ideology of the communists wants to seize power by violence.
;;-0.128;;when the emergency was imposed, arunjaitley continued: the cpi was the only political party that had supported the emergency.
;;0.0;;earlier this week, official sources had said that arunjaitley may not visit pakistan due to political reasons.
;;0.3612;;finance minister arunjaitley did not use the phrase 100 per cent electrification in the budget, and instead referred to optimal electrification.
;;0.0;;according to the scheme drawn, the first part of the budget session of parliament will start on january 31 with president pranab mukherjees address and tabling of the economic survey, which sets the scene for finance minister arunjaitley fourth annual budget.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had articulated about it in his address to the imf last week here.
;;0.0;;november 2015  finance minister arunjaitley reveals that the total amount owed by kingfisher is rs 9,091.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley at a press conference after cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo finance minister arunjaitley at a press conference after cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;this came a day after finance minister arunjaitley and parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar had a meeting with azad and anand sharma.
;;-0.4767;;finance minister arunjaitley congratulated prime minister narendra modi and union home minister amit shah for correcting a historical wrong.
;;0.0;;15 lakh vvpat machines, confirmed finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday, reported news agency ani.
;;0.0;;the meeting was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , revenue secretary hasmukh adhia and senior officers from the central board of excise and customs (cbec).
;;0.0;;the gst council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising his state counterparts, has already finalised tax rates on almost all goods and services.
;;0.0;;agrawal described arunjaitley as amiable and drew a parallel, saying lord hanuman hanuman realised his power only when he was told about it.
;;-0.34;;and mr arunjaitley did not have a single-minded obstructionist cm with whom mr chidambaram and mr pranab mukherjee unfortunately had to deal with.
;;0.0;;according to the scheme drawn, the first part of the budget session of parliament will start on january 31 with president pranab mukherjees address and tabling of the economic survey, which sets the scene for finance minister arunjaitley fourth annual budget.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley discussed various issues, including issuance of masala bonds and future plans of the new development bank (ndb) during his meeting with the head of the multilateral funding agency k v kamath.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley chaired the meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers.
;;0.0;;(express photo: neeraj priyadarshi| file) finance minister arunjaitley chaired the meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers.
;;-0.3612;;union finance minister arunjaitley chaired the meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers in new delhi on tuesday to discuss the gst bill which has been passed in the lok sabha but is stuck in the rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;in the run-up to the budget, i had pointed out (as had others) that the government had set up a committee headed by arbind modi to provide a new direct tax policy; hence, few expected that finance minister arunjaitley would tinker with the direct tax schedule.
;;0.5574;;in his budget speech, arunjaitley made the following statement the total amount of exempted capital gains from listed shares and units is around rs 3,67,000 crore as per returns filed for a.y.17/18.
;;-0.8127;;criticising the union budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley , gandhi said the black money policy adopted by the government is nothing but a fair & lovely scheme.
;;-0.3074;;their policy to check black money is nothing but a fair & lovely scheme# before elections modi ji said dal is 70 rs/kg and he promised to bring down prices,but now dal is 200 rs/kg# arunjaitley came to me and said that there was no better scheme than mnrega, i asked him why he doesnt tell that to his boss# modis make in india logo has a babbar sher.
;;-0.3612;;pti photothe first round in the tussle over categorisation of bills as money bills went to the government on friday, with rajya sabha deputy chairperson p j kurien referring the andhra pradesh reorganisation bill to lok sabha after objection from finance minister arunjaitley , who argued that it could not be introduced in the upper house.
;;-0.0258;;tripathi also criticised goa governor mridula sinha for allegedly consulting finance minister arunjaitley before the bjp staked claim for forming government in the coastal state despite not being the single largest party there.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi.
;;0.4019;;party sources indicated that it may resort to a similar move in dealing with the defamation cases filed by union finance minister arunjaitley against kejriwal and other aap leaders.
;;-0.3818;;finance minister arunjaitley also expressed his shock.
;;0.0;;mr arunjaitley has always opposed presidents rule on such grounds when he was in the opposition.
;;0.2263;;b'arun arunjaitley in rajya sabha arunjaitley in rajya sabhain a sharp response to rahul gandhis fair and lovely remark on income disclosure scheme, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday reminded congress of its own track record of bringing a scheme in 1997 under which there was no penalty for disclosure of black money.
;;0.0;;to hit back, arunjaitley referred to a similar scheme in 1997 announced by then finance minister p chidambaram.
;;-0.7351;;union minister maneka gandhi has written to finance minister arunjaitley seeking tax exemption on maintenance allowance given to a victim of domestic violence by her husband.
;;-0.836;;gandhi appealed to arunjaitley to waive the tax by highlighting the difficult circumstances faced by victims of domestic violence.
;;-0.5574;;on tuesday, arunjaitley was replying to a supplementary question from cpi(m) rajya sabha mp c p narayanan on why the banks were starved of the new notes for such a long time, as arunjaitley had earlier told the house that demonetisation came after nine months of preparations by the government and the rbi.
;;-0.4215;;on friday, the bjp also circulated two articles written by finance minister arunjaitley in june 2013 and february 2014 in which he had criticised the upa government on the ishrat jahan case.
;;-0.0258;;harass the gujarat government even if it means destroying indias security apparatus  the objective of the congress party is clear, arunjaitley had written.
;;-0.743;;finance minister arunjaitley and mos for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi initially rejected demands for a debate, arguing that the cag report was under consideration of the gujarat assemblys public accounts committee.
;;0.0;;in july this year, a group of ministers (gom) headed by finance minister arunjaitley had met to smoothen out kinks in the bill, as pointed out by a parliamentary standing committee.
;;0.4215;;related | information broadcasting ministry hopes key policy changes in 2016 will give fruit in 2017on the 8 pm bulletin, dd news led with bjps manifestoes and soundbytes from finance minister arunjaitley (on the punjab manifesto), followed by an interview with him on the same subject.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley will visit jallianwala bagh in amritsar and several other places including jammu.
;;0.0;;(source: file)the lok sabha was on wednesday adjourned for the day after finance minister arunjaitley concluded his union budget 2017-18 speech.
;;0.0;;replying to a debate in the lok sabha earlier, arunjaitley had sought to underscore that most of these loans were given during 2007-08-09 period when the boom period of the economy was there (during upa tenure).
;;-0.4767;;analysing the budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday, chidambaram said while the cry everywhere was about jobs, the annual exercise did nothing to address the concerns of young people and their parents.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley and bjp members during the voting on the gst bill in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;former union finance minister arunjaitley passed away on saturday.
;;-0.6997;;advertisingpresident ran nath kovind: extremely saddened by the passing of shri arunjaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
;;0.0;;upa chairperson sonia gandhi: shri arunjaitley had a long innings as a public figure, parliamentarian and minister and his contributions to public life will forever be remembered.
;;0.1139;;the only person who believes the gdp will not be affected is finance minister arunjaitley , he said.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley before last years budget.
;;0.0;;ravi kanojia/express file photo finance minister arunjaitley before last years budget.
;;-0.6249;;(file)finance minister arunjaitley on sunday described the ongoing phase of stone pelting in the valley as pakistans new strategy to attack indias integrity with the help of its stogies and said that there will be no compromise with secessionist forces and those indulging in violence.
;;-0.0516;;without naming any kashmir based mainstream political parties including national conference, congress and the peoples democratic party, or the separatists, arunjaitley regretted that those with narrow sightedness only saw the arrested stone pelters and not hundreds and thousands of injured police and security forces personnel admitted in hospitals.
;;0.5574;;pti)farmers body faifa monday asked finance minister arunjaitley to protect interests of indian tobacco farmers while formulating gst laws.
;;0.0772;;finance minister arunjaitley has promised that no one will be spared.
;;0.3612;;keen on passing the gst bill, the government has been holding a series of meetings with opposition leaders, which included a meeting between finance minister arunjaitley with azad and deputy leader anand sharma on thursday.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)finance minister arunjaitley , whose rajya sabha term from gujarat is coming to an end, will contest elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;all others  apart from arunjaitley , pradhan and javadekar  will contest from the states they have been elected from.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley before last years budget.
;;0.0;;ravi kanojia/express file photo finance minister arunjaitley before last years budget.
;;-0.8225;;(file)several commercial tenants were on sunday detained as they staged a protest near the residence of union finance minister arunjaitley against eviction by their landlords and demanded gujarat model of rent control act in delhi.
;;0.2023;;a small number of men and women pagdi shopkeepers under the banner of rajdhani pagdi kirayedar sanghthan who had gone to hand over their memorandum to arunjaitley at his krishna menon marg residence were detained and taken to parliament street police station around noon.
;;-0.6369;;the protesters failed to meet arunjaitley who is accompanying an all-party delegation to kashmir.
;;-0.0516;;we had gone to hand over our memorandum to arunjaitley for urgent measures required to stop eviction of commercial tenants by landlords on grounds of false bonafide need under the delhi rent control act.
;;0.0;;arun arunjaitley allocated a total of rs 1943 crore, compared to rs 1592 crore earmarked last year.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) arunjaitley allocated a total of rs 1943 crore, compared to rs 1592 crore earmarked last year.
;;0.2023;;(source: pti)the sports ministry budget got a substantial hike of rs 350 crore in the union budget for 2017-18, presented by finance minister arunjaitley in the parliament.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis held meetings with union finance minister arunjaitley , prime ministers principal secretary nripendra misra and secretary economic affairs shaktikanta das.
;;0.0;;during the meeting with arunjaitley , the chief minister accompanied by state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar indicated that gst compensations should factor various aspects that would be impacted, including octroi and manufacturing sector.
;;0.296;;b'arun arunjaitley admitted to aiims, will undergo surgery tomorrow arunjaitley admitted to aiims, will undergo surgery tomorrowfinance minister arunjaitley was on friday evening admitted to the all indian institute of medical science (aiims) where he is scheduled to undergo a kidney transplant operation tomorrow, pti reported.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;-0.1027;;the bjp had also distanced itself from swamys attacks on chief economic adviser arvind subramanian and economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das, in whose defence arunjaitley spoke strongly.
;;0.7003;;under criticism over his waiter jibe, swamy made tongue-in-cheek remarks today complimenting arunjaitley for his smart looks and ticking off robert vadra, who spoke of the dignity of waiters.
;;0.4576;;actually mr arunjaitley looks very smart in the attire.
;;0.3612;;vadra, who is congress chief sonia gandhis son-in-law, was commenting on swamys swipe at arunjaitley in which he had said ministers who wear a coat and tie look like waiters and must be instructed to wear indian clothes.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley (centre) in parliament thursday.
;;0.4215;;immediately after the bills were passed, finance minister arunjaitley walked up to former prime minister manmohan singh and shook his hand.
;;-0.3612;;it was the same argument arunjaitley had used minutes earlier to persuade another member not to move or press for division on the same amendment.
;;0.7096;;when the bills were finally returned to lok sabha  they are money bills  leaders across parties walked up to congratulate arunjaitley while he walked up to the opposition benches.
;;0.3612;;in his speech, arunjaitley assured members that neither the concerns about the being predominantly in the hands of private sector banks nor those about federalism were valid.
;;0.0;;b'arun arunjaitley at a press conference on march 7 had said, why not bihar?
;;0.0;;(pti photo/file) arunjaitley at a press conference on march 7 had said, why not bihar?
;;0.5719;;to a query on whether special category state status would be granted to andhra pradesh, arunjaitley at a press conference on march 7 had said why not bihar?
;;-0.7689;;her decision is also driven by the suspension of kirti azad, who had launched a bitter attack on finance minister arunjaitley over alleged corruption in ddca during the latters tenure as its head and continued with his tirade despite party chief amit shahs intervention.
;;-0.4767;;the survey, tabled by finance minister arunjaitley in parliament, said transition to digitalisation should be gradual after taking full account of the digitally deprived.
;;-0.296;;finance minister arunjaitley , moreover, has clarified that no assessee would be subject to oversight of both the centre and states.
;;-0.128;;minister for it and industries k t rama rao put forth the demand during his meeting with finance minister arunjaitley in new delhi, according to an official statement here.
;;0.1027;;rao also requested arunjaitley to release rs 24,500 crore for mission bhagiratha and mission kakatiya projects (related to irrigation and rural development) as they had been already cleared by niti aayog, it said.
;;0.4019;;the minister requested arunjaitley to help telangana on lines with andhra pradesh.
;;0.6597;;b'finance minister arunjaitley hinted that the government would take the help of regional parties for passing the gst bill.
;;0.6597;;(sourece: express photo by tashi tobgyal) finance minister arunjaitley hinted that the government would take the help of regional parties for passing the gst bill.
;;0.7906;;(sourece: express photo by tashi tobgyal)union finance minister arunjaitley lambasted the congress party stating that stalling of the goods and services tax (gst) in parliament is giving some people sadistic pleasure.
;;0.0943;;in his reaction to the indian express story of some indians having unaccounted wealth in tax havens, finance minister arunjaitley on monday said those who did not take advantage of the compliance window last year to declare illegal assets abroad will find such adventurism extremely costly.
;;0.3612;;finance minister arunjaitley had promised to double farm income within five years.
;;0.0;;defending demonetisation, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday hit out at opposition saying they didnt do anything to curb black money when in power.
;;-0.5267;;stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money, farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money, said arunjaitley in lok sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, 2017.
;;-0.296;;on the next table, arunjaitley talked about bringing the gst bill in the next session and refused to be drawn into any discussion on the rbi governor.
;;0.2023;;jakhar said the chief minister had several opportunities to take up the issue of syl with pm when he was in chandigarh on 21 for yoga day and with finance minister arunjaitley during his amritsar and bathinda visits but badal remained silent on the issue.
;;0.6597;;party sources said finance minister arunjaitley , who is currently in south korea, will hold talks with the socialist parties.
;;-0.0258;;the union budget by finance minister arunjaitley has attracted harsh reactions from the automotive industry  passenger vehicles manufacturers in particular.
;;0.0;;asked whether the court order will have any impact on the presidential polls, arunjaitley dismissed the question as hypothetical.
;;-0.296;;to a question about the possible resignation of bharti  and kalyan singh, now rajasthan governor  arunjaitley said, this case is going on since 1993.
;;0.3612;;finance minister arunjaitley was present and assured lataji that the government will implement this very soon.
;;-0.7478;;the andhra pradesh chief minister also termed as reckless the statements made by finance minister arunjaitley that sentiment cannot increase quantum of funds is reckless.
;;-0.6124;;also read | arunjaitley rules out uma bharti resignationwhen asked to comment on bjp veteran lk advanis remark that the demolition of the mosque was the saddest day in his life, the minister said, i will never comment on what advani ji said.
;;0.0;;express photo by tashi tobgyal finance minister arunjaitley , rbi governor raghuram rajan during a presser in the capital new delhi on saturday.
;;0.2846;;express photo by tashi tobgyalasserting that political interference in institutions such as the rbi was against the interest of the nation, the janata dal (united) on monday said finance minister arunjaitley wanted rbi governor raghuram rajan to continue for the second term, but the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) lobby was against it.
;;-0.1154;;watch video | keystrokes: no second term for raghuram rajanas a finance minister, arunjaitley wanted second term for rajan, but sangh lobby was against it, he added.
;;0.0;;the union budget 2018-19 was presented by finance minister arunjaitley on february 1.
;;0.7351;;flanked by minister of state for information and broadcasting rajyavardhan rathore, naidu thanked arunjaitley for having given quality time and attention to the important ministry despite his preoccupation with finance ministry and the economy and said he would broadly like to carry on with the same approach.
;;0.2023;;the decision comes a day after finance minister arunjaitley had a meeting with rbi, nabard and all bankers andimpressed upon them to make available funds to the cooperative sector as it is an important financing mechanism for rural india.
;;-0.7269;;a day after finance minister arunjaitley criticised nehruvian model of development, saying it had held the country back, union minister jitendra singh on sunday termed jammu and kashmir a glaring example of the failure of nehrus political model.
;;0.4215;;the request came when finance minister arunjaitley met the uk chancellor earlier this year in the united kingdom.
;;-0.0258;;barely two hours after finance minister arunjaitley expressed his regret in parliament for the party leaders remarks against mayawati, the bjp removed dayashankar from his post.
;;-0.4767;;b'arun arunjaitley in rajya sabha arunjaitley in rajya sabhafinance minister arunjaitley responded to rahul gandhis attack over various issues tuesday, including the jnu controversy and the economy.
;;0.0;;(file photo)the aggreived employees association of the central excise tax department today met finance minister arunjaitley , flagging concerns on their promotion and work allocation following implementation of gst from july 1.
;;0.6908;;sources said that arunjaitley has assured the central excise officers that their promotions would be fast tracked and other hr issues would be taken care of.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley speaks in the lok sabha finance minister arunjaitley speaks in the lok sabhalok sabha passes gst supplementary billsthe lok sabha passed the much-awaited central goods and services tax (gst) bill, integrated gst bill, compensation gst bill and union territory gst bill 2017 on wednesday.
;;-0.296;;all the four bills that were moved by union finance minister arunjaitley in the lower house were passed by voice vote.
;;-0.3612;;in a seven-hour-long debate, arunjaitley argued that the gst will make commoditiesslightly cheaper.
;;-0.7231;;sad spokesman daljit singh cheema said, it is shameful that capt is accusing union minister arunjaitley of indulging in political vendetta after the enforcement directorate (ed) had summoned his son raninder singh to question him as to why he had lied to the agency that he was not a beneficiary of any trust formed by his father in the united kingdom.
;;0.7579;;share this article related article after a taxing week, employee provident fund tax free againafter a taxing week, employee provident fund tax free again fm arunjaitley to clarify govts final stand on epf in parliament todayfm arunjaitley to clarify govts final stand on epf in parliament today epf tax has you confused?
;;-0.7184;;here is how to decide between epf, ppf and nps epf tax row: will disclose final decision in budget debate, says jaitleyepf tax row: will disclose final decision in budget debate, says arunjaitley under fire from board, government looks to sugarcoat epf taxunder fire from board, government looks to sugarcoat epf tax budget 2016: online petition against retirement tax goes viralcurrently, there is no monetary ceiling on the employer contribution under epf with the only ceiling being that it would be 12 per cent of the salary of the employee member.
;;0.1531;;in his budget speech for 2016-17 on monday, finance minister arunjaitley had proposed tax on 60 per cent of the corpus of provident fund at the time of withdrawal from epf, in line with the nps, and other pension plans where the government has proposed to exempt 40 per cent of the corpus from tax at the time of withdrawal.
;;-0.1027;;finance minister arunjaitley has cancelled his attendance at the asian development banks annual meeting here because of pressing domestic engagements back home.
;;0.0;;official sources said arunjaitley will not be attending the meet, but did not give any reasons for the same.
;;0.0;;economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das will fill in for arunjaitley for the adb event.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley introduced a bill in lok sabha to amend the customs and excise acts to make them compliant with the new gst regime.
;;0.3612;;kejriwal and five others of his party have already been dragged to the high court by finance minister arunjaitley for issuing allegedly false and defamatory statements against him and his family members.
;;0.0;;the delegation is meeting finance minister arunjaitley , commerce minister nirmala sitharaman and minister of state for external affairs v k singh among others.
;;0.0;;read more herejaitley may take up h-1b issue with us authoritiesarun arunjaitley is likely to take up the executive order on h1-b visas that donald trump signed on wednesday.
;;0.5574;;the delegation may include finance minister arunjaitley , food and public distribution minister ram vilas paswan, congress leaders ghulam nabi azad, mallikarjun kharge as well as opposition leaders like asaduddin owaisi of aimim.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley had also defended the use of electoral bonds, saying that if the donors are asked to disclose names of political parties to whom they give money, it would result in return to the earlier system of usage of cash and black money in political funding.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has allocated rs 2.
;;0.0;;the very bill introduced by mr arunjaitley  in one clause, he has put one per cent in the constitutional amendment bill.
;;0.34;;explaining the rationale behind the urgency to get the bill passed, finance minister and leader of the house arunjaitley said the ordinance effecting the amendments in the act would lapse on march 14, 2017, and that this was a security issue.
;;0.1027;;earlier too, arunjaitley had held additional charge of the defence ministry.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.5719;;b'photo for representational purpose photo for representational purposehaving made no reference to the defence budget in his budget speech last year, much to the chagrin of many, finance minister arunjaitley made an almost passing reference to it when he presented the union budget on february 1.
;;0.6369;;he will hold talks with indian prime minister narendra modi and indian ministers, including finance minister arunjaitley and minister of state for external affairs m j akbar, to continue working towards the ambitious partnership that prime ministers theresa may and narendra modi committed to during her visit to india last november.
;;0.6705;;finance minister arunjaitley pitched for achieving balance between developmental needs and environmental concerns to reconcile the contradictions between ideal ecology and ideal economy.
;;0.0;;instead of spending at least 1 per cent of the gdp as proposed by the draft nhp document, the provisions for health in union budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley on thursday has reduced allocation to 0.
;;0.0;;headed by finance minister arunjaitley , a group of ministers (gom) met for the first time wednesday evening to iron out the kinks in the bill, as pointed out by a parliamentary standing committee.
;;0.5859;;apart from arunjaitley , the gom includes defence minister manohar parrikar, science and technology minister dr harshvardhan, mos in prime ministers office jitendra singh, and law and justice minister ravishankar prasad.
;;0.5106;;finance minister arunjaitley had debunked swamys call for sacking subramanian saying government has full confidence in cea.
;;0.0;;he added that hydro-power is one sector which is also governments focus area and finance minister arunjaitley has convened a meeting on friday to discuss the hydro power sector.
;;-0.0258;;while presenting the budget on wednesday in the lok sabha, finance minister arunjaitley passingly mentioned the allocation of funds towards the protection of two significant and vulnerable groups of the population  women and children.
;;0.7584;;watch video | budget 2017: changes in personal tax rateswhile arunjaitley mentioned the central government will commission railways lines of 3,500 kms this year, and even stressed on tiny details like certain trains would be dedicated for religious tourism  there was no mention on how safety of women, particularly lone women travelers, in these railways would be improved or looked into.
;;0.4019;;the government on tuesday continued with its efforts to build a consensus over the passage of the gst bill in this parliament session even as bihar chief minister nitish kumar met finance minister arunjaitley after which he offered jd (u)s support to the legislation.
;;0.6077;;amid governments outreach to get opposition support on the bill, kumar met arunjaitley , who earlier in the rajya sabha pitched for its expeditious passage to enable states get a share of the service tax which is not shared under the provisions of 14th finance commission.
;;-0.2023;;express photo by tashi tobgyalfinance minister arunjaitley on friday said 4 psu banks are investigating from their branches whether money in some jandhan accounts was deposited by account holders themselves or by business correspondents to keep the number of zero-balance accounts low.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley , who was present when the debate started, had left by the time these comments came.
;;0.34;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said it will be erroneous to attribute the sharp slowdown in economic growth in the fourth quarter of 2016-17 solely to demonetisation since several factors, including the global situation, pulled down the gdp growth to 6.
;;0.0258;;the matter is pending with union minister for finance arunjaitley , said an official.
;;-0.4767;;finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleystepping up attack on finance minister arunjaitley over alleged corruption in ddca during his tenure, the aap today posed more questions to him, saying it would continue to raise its voice against graft in the state cricket body.
;;-0.1779;;addressing a press conference here, singh accused arunjaitley of trying to suppress alleged corruption which had taken place in delhi and district cricket association under his watch by sending legal notice.
;;-0.1027;;since then the party has been demanding resignation of arunjaitley from the union cabinet.
;;0.5499;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 1 had announced introduction of electoral bonds, which a donor can purchase from authorised banks, but can only redeem through registered accounts of a political party.
;;-0.5423;;union minister prakash javadekar alleged that kejriwal was taken to court by finance minister arunjaitley for his personal crime and the delhi governments decision to foot the bill of the aap leaders lawyer is against the law and rules of the government.
;;0.2732;;javadekar said arunjaitley had paid rs 10 lakh stamp duty from his pocket and has been paying the bills of his lawyers as well.
;;-0.1027;;he has tried to defame arunjaitley and his family members and will have to pay for it, he said.
;;0.8126;;the event was organised by society of indian law firms (silf) and menon institute of legal advocacy training (milat) in which justice a b rohatgi award was presented to finance minister arunjaitley , who could not attend the programme.
;;0.6808;;in another tweet, sinha, who was earlier minister of state for finance, thanked finance minister arunjaitley for all his support and guidance.
;;-0.2023;;the controversial bjp mp, a known detractor of finance minister arunjaitley , does not figure in the exercise.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley outside parliament on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(express photo/praveen jain) finance minister arunjaitley outside parliament on wednesday.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley moved 21 amendments to the finance bill, which contains taxation proposals for 2018-19.
;;0.5859;;in this budget, arunjaitley revived a tax on long-term capital gains on listed equities  10 per cent on gains over rs 1 lakh.
;;0.7184;;finance minister arunjaitley also spoke briefly about a law, which has been cleared by the cabinet, that will help banks in debt recoveries and improve ease of doing business.
;;-0.34;;last march, a few days after finance minister arunjaitley presented his first full budget, and also later in 2015, one of the narratives that played out was the potential conflict between the government and the rbi, triggered by the proposals to shift regulation of the domestic government bond market and debt management away from the central bank, and form a monetary policy committee or mpc.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley defended his governments decision on demonetisation in his budget speech on wednesday and said that the effects of demonetisation will not spill over into the next year.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference thursday, along with leader of opposition sukhpal singh khaira, aap leader and kharar mla, kanwar sandhu, said he has written two letters to finance minister arunjaitley in this connection.
;;-0.7269;;in his letter to arunjaitley on the issue of scs, the aap leader argued that punjab had not been included in the list of scs despite it fulfilling three of the five parameters, namely, strategic location along the borders of the country, economic and infrastructure backwardness, and non-viable nature of state finances (other two being, hilly and difficult terrain and low population density).
;;0.0;;union finance minister arunjaitley in jalandhar sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo) union finance minister arunjaitley in jalandhar sunday.
;;-0.2023;;the lok sabha witnessed an exchange between finance minister arunjaitley and tmc leader saugata roy when the latter opposed introduction of the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill that seeks to end the liability of the rbi and government on currency notes withdrawn last november.
;;0.7425;;days after finance minister arunjaitley raised the issue of restrictions on h-1b visa with his american counterpart steven mnuchin, the us has said that it greatly values investments by indian companies and wants strong economic ties between the two nations.
;;-0.4215;;during his us visit, arunjaitley on sunday raised the h-1b issue with mnuchin as india fears the curb would impact the movement of indian it professionals to america and highlighted the contribution indian companies and professionals are making to the us economy.
;;0.2732;;in the budget 2015-16, finance minister arunjaitley had proposed to levy a swachh bharat cess of up to 2 per cent on all or certain services, if need arises.
;;0.0;;speaking later, tapan kumar sen of cpm said the budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley was absolutely deceptive, and did not answer even basic queries of the people on demonetisation.
;;0.1779;;during the past few weeks, kejriwal has tendered apology to arunjaitley , bikram majithia and others for his comments against them.
;;-0.296;;watch video | congress leader k c venugopal gives adjournment motion notice in lok sabha over e ahameds deathwith congress and the left, among other opposition parties, demanding that the budget presentation be postponed, confusion prevailed this morning almost until arunjaitley tweeted, at 10.
;;-0.743;;pti photo/tv grabunion finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said when the opposition was in power, their fiscal deficit quality was poor as they maintained it by cutting expenditure.
;;0.0;;but we spent more than what was budgeted and upped it in the last two years, said arunjaitley in the lok sabha.
;;0.3612;;last year, finance minister arunjaitley had promised an additional rs 5,000 crore if the scheme requires it.
;;0.0;;the court is hearing a civil defamation suit filed by arunjaitley against chief minister arvind kejriwal.
;;0.0;;jethmalani asked whether arunjaitley had, for the first time, put his reputation to test in a public election in a democratic manner while contesting from amritsar.
;;-0.4404;;the statements, arunjaitley has alleged, damaged his reputation.
;;-0.2023;;when jethmalani confronted arunjaitley with various statements on alleged irregularities in ddca while he was heading it  purportedly made by cpm leader sitaram yechury and congress leaders ghulam nabi azad and ajay maken  the minister said he is not concerned with yechurys statements and not aware of statements made by others.
;;0.0;;nonetheless, i always continued to maintain the due courtesies that he deserved as an eminent cricketer, said arunjaitley , adding, i do not recollect if the pm had shown me a letter addressed to him by bedi.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has declared that the centre will bear the entire expenditure for the project.
;;0.6369;;in a move aimed at promoting transparency in political funding, finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech had announced capping of cash donation from a single source to political parties at rs 2,000 apart from the proposal to introduce electoral bonds.
;;0.1531;;according to the petition, finance minister arunjaitley , in february 2016, made a proposal to tax 60 per cent withdrawal from the epf, on retirement, or any other recognized provident fund with the exclusive exemption to those who had invested the money in private funds.
;;0.2235;;the narendra modi government, too, has been quick to distance itself from debroys personal views, with finance minister arunjaitley stating that the centre neither has powers under the constitution nor plans to impose any tax on agriculture income.
;;0.0772;;the new initiativeto address these challenges, finance minister arunjaitley on february 1 unveiled the worlds largest government-funded health programme called national health protection scheme (nhps), covering 10 crore families or approximately 50 crore population, with rs 5 lakh insurance cover per family per year.
;;0.0;;among the 66 items whose goods and services tax (gst) rates were revised on sunday by finance minister arunjaitley included movie tickets too.
;;0.0;;(express photos)days before the government marks its fourth year, prime minister narendra modi reshuffled portfolios of his ministers, temporarily assigning finance ministry and corporate affairs to piyush goyal during the period of indisposition of finance minister arunjaitley who underwent a renal transplant surgery on monday.
;;-0.8481;;(express photo by prem nath pandey)union finance minister arunjaitley on saturday accused the congress of running a strange campaign in gujarat by mocking development and spreading the poison of casteism.
;;0.4588;;(express photo by dilip kagda)following are the highlights of the recommendations made by the 7th central pay commission, headed by justice a k mathur, which submitted its report to finance minister arunjaitley today:* 23.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in parliament after the gst bills were passed wednesday.
;;0.0;;anil sharma finance minister arunjaitley in parliament after the gst bills were passed wednesday.
;;-0.0516;;b'a meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers convened by finance minister arunjaitley also agreed to include in the constitutional amendment bill the mechanism of compensating states for any loss of revenue in first five years of goods and service tax.
;;-0.0516;;(file photo) a meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers convened by finance minister arunjaitley also agreed to include in the constitutional amendment bill the mechanism of compensating states for any loss of revenue in first five years of goods and service tax.
;;-0.0516;;a meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers convened by finance minister arunjaitley also agreed to include in the constitutional amendment bill the mechanism of compensating states for any loss of revenue in first five years of goods and service tax (gst) subsuming all indirect tax levies including vat.
;;0.0;;on the issue of dual control, state finance ministers have conveyed to arunjaitley that small businesses with turnover of rs 1.
;;0.0;;patel, who arrived in new delhi on friday in her role as a cabinet minister in the new british government of prime minister theresa may, also held meetings with finance minister arunjaitley and urban development minister venkaiah naidu.
;;0.4215;;the meeting was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , defence minister manohar parrikar and national security advisor ak doval among others.
;;0.0;;naidu said finance minister arunjaitley cold shouldered a delegation led by state finance minister y ramakrish-nudu that met him on monday evening.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley and bjp members during the voting on the gst bill in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.5719;;dubbing jung a guardian of scam and scamsters, ashutosh asked how many times finance arunjaitley was summoned in connection with the alleged irregularities in delhi district cricket association (ddca).
;;0.0;;the proposal to come out with a new law on the black money was mooted by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech.
;;0.0;;mufti had met finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday.
;;0.0772;;the name of finance minister arunjaitley , besides a number of other union ministers had figured in the first list of candidates announced on march 7.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18.
;;-0.7184;;also read: what vishwas said about sidhu in the pastas for kirti azad, the suspended darbhanga mp is known to have animosity for finance minister arunjaitley and has often critiqued him for the latters handling of the affairs in the ddca.
;;0.0258;;finance minister arunjaitley and chief economic advisor arvind subramanian issued statements, both making explicit arguments for a significant monetary easing.
;;-0.2023;;arun arunjaitley on three years of modi govt: saying that india was nowhere on the global radar three years ago, arunjaitley claimed the modi government inherited corruption and indecision.
;;-0.2023;;(file photo) arunjaitley on three years of modi govt: saying that india was nowhere on the global radar three years ago, arunjaitley claimed the modi government inherited corruption and indecision.
;;0.0;;speaking on indias exports, arunjaitley cited the slowdown in global trade, protectionism and geo-political uncertaintiestrade has decreased across the world and this has impacted exports, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;congress president rahul gandhi (file photo) congress president rahul gandhi (file photo)congress president rahul gandhi wished a speedy recovery to finance minister arunjaitley after the latter underwent a kidney transplant surgery at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) on may 14.
;;0.8176;;co/8ljsyzuv2t  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) may 14, 2018at the aicc briefing, congresss communications in-charge randeep surjewala also extended best wishes and a speedy recovery to arunjaitley on behalf of the party and its president.
;;-0.5719;;b'finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arunjaitley congress tuesday hit back at finance minister arunjaitley for what it called his unfair criticism of its leadership, deepening the political confrontation between the two sides days after the government reached out to the main opposition party to end the deadlock over the good and services tax (gst) bill.
;;0.0;;target is arunjaitley not arvind subramanian, he said.
;;0.7184;;in an obvious reference to rahul gandhis allegations that the current government had given a benefit of rs 1,200 crore to vijay mallya, arunjaitley insisted that not a rupee benefit was given to the businessman by any bank since the nda came to power in may 26, 2014.
;;0.872;;i hope my friend finance minister arunjaitley will do some more in the coming budget, he said and added that boom in housing sector means pick up in sectors like cement, steel, and construction, leading increase in employment.
;;0.0;;bjp president amit shah and union ministers piyush goyal and jitender singh visited aiims to meet arunjaitley after the surgery.
;;0.0;;bjp president amit shah and union ministers piyush goyal and jitender singh visited aiims to meet arunjaitley after the surgery.
;;0.0;;dr aarti vij, chairperson of the media and protocol division said, arunjaitley , honble minister of finance and corporate affairs underwent renal transplant surgery today at aiims delhi.
;;0.0;;bjp president amit shah and union ministers piyush goyal and jitender singh visited aiims to meet arunjaitley after the surgery.
;;0.4588;;read more herefour key bills on gst get lok sabha green signal: decks cleared for july rollout of uniform tax regimefinance minister finance minister arunjaitley speaks in the lok sabhathe lok sabha, wednesday night, passed four crucial goods and services tax related supplementary bills, paving way for the july 1 rollout of the gst regime that will bring a unified tax regime, bringing together all central and state taxes of the country.
;;-0.25;;the lowering of cash ceiling on political donations to rs 2,000 from previous rs 20,000 was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in budget 2017-18.
;;-0.3151;;a series of bjp leaders targeted pitroda over his comments, including finance minister arunjaitley who said it was a matter of disgrace that the congress did not have any remorse and wondered if rahul gandhi would oust his guru for the remark.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley once wondered if 15 families controlled the balance of power in indian politics.
;;0.128;;finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said excessive use of paper currency is detrimental to society and hoped banking transaction charges will fall with the entry of new players.
;;0.0;;besides the prime minister, adityanath met finance minister arunjaitley , power minister piyush goyal and highways minister nitin gadkari during his two-day stay in the national capital.
;;-0.1531;;union finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) union finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)union finance minister arunjaitley on monday was given additional charge of defence ministry after manohar parrikar resigned to take over the new role as goa chief minister.
;;0.0772;;president pranab mukherjee accepted the resignation of parrikar from the council of ministers with immediate effect and assigned the charge of the ministry of defence to arunjaitley , in addition to his existing portfolios.
;;0.1027;;this is the second time that arunjaitley is holding the additional portfolio of defence ministry during the present nda government.
;;-0.2263;;finance minister arunjaitley before presenting union budget 2018 before the parliament (express photo by renuka puri) finance minister arunjaitley before presenting union budget 2018 before the parliament (express photo by renuka puri)all happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
;;0.6249;;while every expectation cant be met, it must be acknowledged that finance minister (fm) arunjaitley has presented a budget which focuses on rural india and is a great leap forward for the policy-battered farm sector.
;;-0.3612;;(source: pti photo)comparing the functioning of the first two years of the narendra modi government with the pace of batting in slog overs, finance minister arunjaitley on friday said that the economy which suffered from policy paralysis has now emerged as the fastest growing one.
;;0.0;;sharma urged finance minister arunjaitley and the gst council to keep most of the goods, which are used by the common man, at the tax rate of 5 per cent.
;;0.0;;the third set of faqs follows the meeting of finance minister arunjaitley with industry, trade bodies and chartered accountants earlier this week.
;;-0.443;;during the budget session in march, finance minister arunjaitley clarified that bitcoins or such cryptocurrencies were not legal tenders and those indulging in such transactions were doing it at their own risk.
;;0.0;;he was delivering the inaugural speech at the enforcement day event, where finance minister arunjaitley was the chief guest along with revenue secretary hasmukh adhia.
;;0.4215;;b'delhi cm kejriwal delhi cm kejriwaldelhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on tuesday claimed that the allegations he had made against finance minister arunjaitley in the ddca row were based on true facts and documents in public domain and that his claim he has high public character was frivolous.
;;0.4588;;responding to a notice issued by the delhi high court on a civil defamation suit by arunjaitley against him and five other aap leaders, kejriwal said in a statement filed before the court registrar that he had made the allegations in public interest to eradicate corruption from sports.
;;-0.9201;;share this article related article panama papers probe on, action as per law, says arun jaitleypanama papers probe on, action as per law, says arunjaitley panama papers: it department detected rs 19,000 crore black money, says arun jaitleypanama papers: it department detected rs 19,000 crore black money, says arunjaitley action on panama paper names depends on probe's outcome: arun jaitleyaction on panama paper names depends on probe's outcome: arunjaitley those with illegal money to be prosecuted: arunjaitley on panama papersthose with illegal money to be prosecuted: arunjaitley on panama papers give yearwise details of funds sent overseas by indians in panama papers, rbi tells banksgive yearwise details of funds sent overseas by indians in panama papers, rbi tells banks panama papers: arunjaitley warns of sleepless nights for illegal firmsit also seeks to know about vitals of their transactions with law firm mossack fonseca.
;;0.0;;the request came when finance minister arunjaitley met the uk chancellor earlier this year.
;;-0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley stands outside the north block.
;;-0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley stands outside the north block.
;;0.0;;a resolution thanking arunjaitley was passed in the meeting of the standing committee chaired by shiv senas yashodhar phanse.
;;0.0;;a resolution thanking arunjaitley was passed in the meeting of the standing committee chaired by shiv senas yashodhar phanse.
;;0.5719;;the ruling shiv sena in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) today thanked the finance minister arunjaitley and the municipal commissioner ajoy mehta after the economic survey published by finance ministry put the civic body at the top on the count of transparency.
;;0.0;;a resolution thanking arunjaitley was passed in the meeting of the standing committee chaired by shiv senas yashodhar phanse.
;;0.4404;;after resolution thanking arunjaitley was passed, sena councillors met the civic chief mehta and thanked and congratulated him for his work.
;;0.0258;;leader of the opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley accused the congress of using the jpc to subvert the truth.
;;0.4019;;just a day before bjp holds its tridev sammelan  a conference of the booth level to be addressed by finance minister arunjaitley , virbhadra made a formal announcement in this regard thursday, after consultations with ministers and party leaders in dharamshala where he is camping as part of his winter sojourn.
;;-0.7906;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 1, 2017finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday also took to twitter to condole ahameds death and said, condolences on the sad demise of mr. e ahamed, a veteran parliamentarian & former union minister.
;;-0.5994;;(source: express photo by renuka puri/file)the bjp leadership is said to be upset over its mp subramanian swamys open attacks on finance minister arunjaitley and top bureaucrats and has taken a serious view of the matter.
;;-0.4404;;swamy on friday lashed out at arunjaitley without naming him, in an apparent reaction to the minister urging him to exercise restraint and discipline in the wake of his attacks on governments chief economic adviser arvind subramanian and economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das.
;;0.2263;;the call on the successor will be taken by finance minister arunjaitley and prime minister narendra modi soon.
;;0.3818;;today, congress leaders jairam ramesh, digvijaya singh and laxman shantaram naik met finance minister arunjaitley and environment minister anil madhav dave in jaitleys room in parliament house to resolve the issue.
;;-0.2263;;express photo by santosh musaleeven as finance minister arunjaitley described his budget as rural centric, it came as no relief to distressed farmers in rural parts of drought-hit marathwada region which till, monday evening, reported as many as 168 deaths since january, this year.
;;0.128;;video: how mossack fonseca helped stash away billions of dollarscongress and aap have targeted arunjaitley on the panama papers issue and have demanded a judicial probe into the allegations about some indians setting up offshore entities in a tax haven and asking him to recuse from dealing with the matter, saying a fair probe was otherwise not possible as arunjaitley was close to a person named in the leaks.
;;-0.7351;;but the speaker rejected the demand saying every now and then calling the prime minister was not necessary as finance minister arunjaitley has already made a statement on the issue.
;;-0.1779;;b'treasury secretary steven mnuchin, right, shake hands with finance minister of india arunjaitley before a bilateral meeting during the world bank/imf spring meetings in washington, saturday, april 22, 2017.
;;0.0258;;( ap photo/jose luis magana) treasury secretary steven mnuchin, right, shake hands with finance minister of india arunjaitley before a bilateral meeting during the world bank/imf spring meetings in washington, saturday, april 22, 2017.
;;0.0;;( ap photo/jose luis magana)finance minister arunjaitley has raised the issue of tightening of the h-1b visa regime with his us counterpart steven mnuchin during their first meeting and highlighted the contribution of indian companies and professionals to the american economy.
;;0.0;;this was the second time arunjaitley raised the h-1b visa issue with the american side during his visit here to attend the annual spring meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank.
;;-0.5267;;during their meeting yesterday, arunjaitley and mnuchin discussed a wide range of bilateral issues, in addition to the international cooperation against terror financing.
;;0.0;;seeing redwhile replying to the budget discussion, finance minister arunjaitley shot back when cpi(m) mp mohammad salim tried to make a remark on cashless economy.
;;0.4019;;earlier this week, arunjaitley hit back at salims party colleague p karunakaran too.
;;0.0;;leader of the house arunjaitley was the first to raise a point of order when sitaram yechury took up his notice for motion under rule 267, against the prime ministers speech in the house.
;;0.0;;the 96th annual function of assocham on thursday, where finance minister arunjaitley was the chief guest, concluded with a rendition of the national anthem.
;;-0.4404;;b'new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley leaves from north block to meet president before presenting the union budget 2016-17, in new delhi.
;;-0.4404;;(source: pti) new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley leaves from north block to meet president before presenting the union budget 2016-17, in new delhi.
;;0.25;;the easing of the policy will be on the lines of the announcements made by finance minister arunjaitley in the budget for 2017-18.
;;0.3818;;(file photo)after the congress mps withdrew their petition in supreme court challenging rejection of impeachment motion notice against chief justice dipak misra, finance minister arunjaitley accused the party of fishing in troubled waters.
;;-0.4588;;asserting that the congress partys impeachment motion against the cji was wholly misconceived and poorly drafted, arunjaitley in a hard-hitting faceboook post wrote, finding a divided court, the congress wanted to fish in troubled waters.
;;0.7579;;read | cji impeachment notice: congress mps withdraw petition challenging venkaiah naidus decisionthe congress party was looking for a friendly pitch to bowl on, said arunjaitley , who himeself is an eminent lawyer.
;;0.1779;;finance minister arunjaitley speaks in the lok sabha finance minister arunjaitley speaks in the lok sabhafinance minister arunjaitley today threw an open invitation to the opposition in the lok sabha to suggest steps to make electoral funding cleaner and more transparent.
;;0.0;;between august (prime minister narendra modi reiterated the rs 1 lakh nhps in his 2016 independence day speech after it was first announced by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech) and december 2016, 17 meetings were held and 22 expert groups worked on various aspects of the rs 1 lakh national health protection scheme (nhps).
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley skips bengal global business eventfinance minister arunjaitley did not attend the 3rd edition of the bengal global business summit on friday.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley meets andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu at the finance minister in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo/anil sharma/file) finance minister arunjaitley meets andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu at the finance minister in new delhi.
;;-0.438;;union minister arunjaitley on wednesday offered to provide the monetary equivalent but said the state could not be given special status.
;;0.0;;interacting with media persons at the indian womens press corps, arunjaitley expressed concern over judicial overreach and said a line needs to drawn: judicial review is (a) legitimate domain of judiciary but then the lakshman rekha has to be drawn by all the institutions themselves.
;;-0.5574;;share this article related article judges appointments happening differently than originally envisaged: arun jaitleyjudges appointments happening differently than originally envisaged: arunjaitley judiciary and executive are two independent sections: jaitleyjudiciary and executive are two independent sections: arunjaitley surely, mr jaitleysurely, mr arunjaitley rs passes bill on appointment of judges,ls to take it up todayrs passes bill on appointment of judges,ls to take it up today judicial bill in rajya sabha: govt,oppn unite to attack judiciaryjudicial bill in rajya sabha: govt,oppn unite to attack judiciary let a judicial commission appoint judges: bjphe argued: just as independence of the judiciary is part of basic structure, the primacy of the legislature in policymaking is also part of basic structure.
;;0.4215;;referring to protests by many states over supreme courts decision on national eligibility entrance test, arunjaitley asserted that the manner of holding the entrance test across the country is essentially an executive matter since it is in policy domain.
;;0.5106;;confirming that finance minister arunjaitley will be holding talks with the uk chancellor philip hammond when he arrives in the uk for the official launch of the uk-india year of culture hosted by the queen later this month, sinha indicated that visas and free movement for indian professionals is likely to be on the agenda.
;;0.0;;thus,as arunjaitley noted,party activists are not consulted on the selection of the candidate.
;;0.0;;during his us visit, finance minister arunjaitley had also taken up the the h-1b issue with the american side and highlighted the contribution indian companies and professionals are making to the us economy.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo by kamal kishore) prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.4215;;the meeting was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , defence minister manohar parrikar and national security advisor ak doval among others.
;;0.8555;;without naming finance minister arunjaitley , sidhu hinted that the party did not give him a ticket from amritsar seat in 2014, expecting it was a safe seat for arunjaitley to win.
;;-0.3182;;in the event, arunjaitley lost to congresss capt amarinder singh, a former punjab chief minister.
;;-0.296;;according to arunjaitley , the integration of the informal economy into a formal one would lead to higher tax revenue and thereby lower tax rates.
;;-0.128;;speaking at the london school of economics, arunjaitley called for a debate on the limits of free speech and whether the right extended to an assault on the very sovereignty of the nation.
;;-0.0772;;however, finance minister arunjaitley in his budget 2016-17, had imposed tcs of one per cent on goods and services purchased in cash in excess of rs 2 lakh.
;;0.6808;;as the pilferage continued, the finance ministry decided to recommend a cbi probe following approval of finance minister arunjaitley , official sources said.
;;0.3182;;in delhi, the congress mentioned goa governor sinhas interview to a newspaper, which had quoted her saying that she had consulted finance minister arunjaitley before inviting the bjp, to seek her dismissal.
;;0.0;;he also said that prime minister narendra modi should act against arunjaitley for having purportedly advised sinha on government formation, a subject not in his ambit of power and responsibilities.
;;0.0;;union budget 2018: finance minister arunjaitley on his arrival in parliament.
;;0.0;;(express photo by renuka puri/file) union budget 2018: finance minister arunjaitley on his arrival in parliament.
;;0.0;;according to government sources, the national testing service (nts)  announced by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech  will be tasked with conducting the common entrance test more than once a year.
;;0.6597;;union finance minister arunjaitley is cpunting on support from regional parties to pass the gst bill.
;;0.6597;;(pti photo) union finance minister arunjaitley is cpunting on support from regional parties to pass the gst bill.
;;0.4019;;(pti photo)ahead of the gst test in rajya sabha, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday met bihar chief minister and jdu leader nitish kumar and is likely to court senior leadership of andhra pradesh and telengana parties  tdp and trs  this weekend.
;;-0.5574;;hitting out at finance minister arunjaitley and raising the vast number of financial frauds in the country, gandhi said, you can steal rs 33,000 crore from the banks and the bjp government will protect you.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley and his team are beginning pre-budget consultations with various stakeholders for the upcoming fy17 budget.
;;0.0;;he was taking a potshot at finance minister arunjaitley , who is on the opposite side of the fence in cricket politics.
;;0.3182;;besides, the delhi bjp holds arunjaitley responsible for parachuting kiran bedi in as the cm candidate.
;;0.2023;;top congress leaders expressed condolences over the demise of former finance minister arunjaitley on saturday.
;;-0.2484;;live | arunjaitley to be cremated tomorrowadvertisingthe party, in a tweet, said, we are deeply saddened to hear the passing of shri arun jaitley.
;;0.0;;remembering his contributions to public life, interim congress president sonia gandhi said, shri arunjaitley had a long innings as a public figure, parliamentarian and minister and his contributions to public life will forever be remembered.
;;-0.4201;;very sorry to learn that arunjaitley is no more.
;;0.0;;former prime minister manmohan singh also expressed his condolences to sangeeta arunjaitley on the passing of former union minister arun jaitley.
;;0.8555;;meanwhile, finance minister arunjaitley asserted that centre respects rajans decision and also appreciated the good work done by him, adding that his successor would be announced shortly.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newsblack money amounting to rs 65,250 crore was declared through the one-time declaration window as part of 64,275 declarations and the figures were announced by finance minister arunjaitley in a press conference on october 1.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has pledged 1,940 seats for stations in gujarat, from where he is a rajya sabha mp and water resources minister uma bharti gave rs 36 lakh.
;;0.0757;;the bjp leader in the rajya sabha arunjaitley said the party will not be supporting the bsp in any manner in forming the government in up and will rather be going solo.
;;0.5574;;the gst council, the top decision making body headed by finance minister arunjaitley , had earlier approved a model sgst bill at its 12th meeting on march 16 this year.
;;0.2263;;capt abhimanyu, who also talked to union finance minister arunjaitley over phone this evening informing him about the passage of the bill, hailed the goods and services tax as a path-breaking reform in taxation history.
;;0.4215;;finance minister arunjaitley has explained that the tor rightly balances the needs represented by the latest census and progress towards population control.
;;-0.7783;;besides a civil defamation suit in the high court, arunjaitley had also filed a criminal defamation complaint in a lower court alleging kejriwal and five aap leaders  raghav chadha, kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh and deepak bajpai  had defamed him in the delhi district cricket association (ddca) controversy.
;;-0.6261;;(source: pti photo)justifying action against jnu and hyderabad university students, finance minister arunjaitley on friday said if slogans are openly raised for persons who bombed mumbai or attacked parliament then one must expect some ideological reaction from those who do not agree with this.
;;0.0;;in his lecture, arunjaitley listed the various schemes undertaken by the narendra modi-led government.
;;-0.6908;;yashwant sinha on gst, demonetisationin november 2017, sinha had criticised finance minister arunjaitley over the ad hoc implementation of gst, saying arunjaitley who had been elected to the rajya sabha from gujarat is a burden on the people of the state.
