;;0.6908;;speaking at the launch of competition commission of india's one-day roadshow event, arunjaitley said: if you look at the spectrum case beyond other controversies, one of the issues was whoever comes first satisfying the letter of intent (loi) conditions will be the preferred party.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said in parliament on tuesday that nirav modi has obtained 1,213 lous in over 74 months from pnb.
;;0.8519;;in his 2017-18 budget speech, finance minister arunjaitley said that the government will put in place a revised mechanism and procedure to ensure time-bound listing of identified cpses on stock exchanges as it will foster greater public accountability and unlock their true value.
;;0.5719;;the shares of railway public sector enterprises (pses) like irctc, irfc and ircon will be listed in the stock exchanges, arunjaitley had said in his speech.
;;0.5574;;in the indra sawhney case, arunjaitley said the supreme court had categorically mentioned that 50 per cent criteria applies only to the caste-based reservations envisaged in article 16(4) of the constitution.
;;0.8074;;on relief measures for the middle class, arunjaitley said that in the last five years, not a single tax has been increased, gst has been brought down on most commodities, and income tax relief has been provided.
;;0.2732;;this is the first time that during the five-year tenure of a government a rs 2 lakh crore annual tax rebate for both direct and indirect taxes is given to the middle-class taxpayer without a single tax being increased, arunjaitley said.
;;0.34;;in a media briefing after the meeting of the cabinet committee on security (ccs), finance minister arunjaitley said the most-favoured-nation (mfn) status to pakistan stands revoked.
;;0.0;;according to sharma, finance minister arunjaitley himself had said in the parliament, citing rbi records, that counterfeit currency notes accounted for only 0.
;;0.0;;union finance minister arunjaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
;;0.6517;;reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, arunjaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
;;0.2263;;victory of truth, says arunjaitley delhi: union minister arunjaitley said the lies of the congress and opposition parties stand exposed.
;;0.0772;;on july 10, 2014, finance minister arunjaitley said in a speech, unless, new cities are developed to accommodate the burgeoning number of people, the existing cities would soon become unliveable.
;;0.5499;;bengaluru: the goods and services tax, to be rolled out in just over a month, will not only check evasions but also help india evolve as a more tax-compliant society, finance minister arunjaitley said here on monday.
;;0.4019;;beyond that as the central government, i have nothing to say, arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will help states on the issue of farm loan waivers.
;;0.0772;;the congress chief further said if arunjaitley claimed the aircraft in nda deal were cheaper, why did the centre reduce the number from 126 to 36.
;;-0.8225;;on may 3 last year, former finance minister arunjaitley said india will ask the fatf to put pakistan on a blacklist of countries that fail to meet international standards in stopping financial crime.
;;0.6369;;by ptimumbai: two days before a crucial meeting of the reserve bank's central board, finance minister arunjaitley said here saturday that growth must not be throttled by limiting credit availability and liquidity.
;;0.4588;;that is a key issue, arunjaitley said, speaking at the annual economic times awards here.
;;0.765;;also read: parliamentary panel may question rbi governor urjit patel on stand-off with central governmentif we are to improve (growth rate), we need certain level of credit as far as entrepreneurs are concerned, (and it is necessary that) liquidity is maintained, arunjaitley said.
;;0.1779;;5 lakh crore when the nda government came to power in 2014, and an exhaustive asset quality review revealed that much of the dud assets were hidden under the carpet, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3818;;reduction in corporate tax rates for msme companies will bring them back on growth track, said anita gandhi, whole time director at arihant capital markets ltd.the bse benchmark sensex crashed over 400 points in afternoon trade today after finance minister arunjaitley announced 10 per cent ltcg tax in his budget speech.
;;-0.1779;;we are seriously examining them, finance minister arunjaitley told cnbc tv18.
;;0.2617;;on privatisation of idbi bank, arunjaitley said that initially the government had moved substantially but the process got slowed down as it had to decide on the complicated issues related with large real estate assets of the bank in mumbai and elsewhere.
;;0.3182;;challakere: defence minister arunjaitley on sunday said the countrys defence preparedness needs to be at the optimal level in view of the security threat posed by the neighbour.
;;0.0772;;a large number of nationally acclaimed institutions have come forward to take research in technology to the next level, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has announced several developmental schemes keeping in focus the rural and middle-class population.
;;-0.5574;;the then finance minister arunjaitley had told rajya sabha in response to a question on december 18, 2018 that according to information available three officials of state bank of india and one of its customers died during the period of demonetisation.
;;0.8519;;in his 2017-18 budget speech, finance minister arunjaitley said that the government will put in place a revised mechanism and procedure to ensure time-bound listing of identified cpses on stock exchanges as the it will foster greater public accountability and unlock their true value.
;;0.5719;;the shares of railway public sector enterprises like irctc, irfc and ircon will be listed in the stock exchanges, arunjaitley had said.
;;0.836;;the cabinet has approved an additional da of 3 per cent over the existing rate of 9 per cent to government employees and dearness relief (dr) to pensioners from january 1, 2019, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
;;-0.3412;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the states are not in favour of including petrol and diesel into gst at the moment, ruling out any immediate levy of the new indirect tax on these petroleum products.
;;0.7351;;but i am sure as the gst experience moves on, i think, natural gas, real estate -- these are areas which are to be brought in and then probably at some stage we will keep trying for petrol, diesel and potable alcohol, arunjaitley said.
;;0.8768;;mumbai: finance minister arunjaitley today said infrastructure investment needs a booster and his next budget in february will focus on encouraging more public as well as private spending to boost economic growth.
;;-0.743;;regretting that a small section of people was trying to take advantage of the situation, arunjaitley said, this indian normal where recovery of taxes is terrorism and non-payment is a way of life.
;;0.25;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said small traders and businesses will get a tax advantage of more than 30 per cent for digital transactions.
;;0.6369;;it is a tax incentive to support digitisation of economy, arunjaitley told the media.
;;-0.296;;on putting a ceiling of rs 5,000 on deposit of old notes, arunjaitley said: since the exemptions on using old notes have been lifted (in hospitals, railway stations and other places), there will be no question of getting old notes on a regular basis.
;;0.7579;;once we introduce it for commercial use, certainly it will have great impact, arunjaitley said.
;;0.25;;speaking to reporters after a meeting with the heads of public-sector banks here on monday, finance minister arunjaitley said rbi is at an advanced stage of preparing a list of borrowers where npa resolution is required under the insolvency law.
;;0.1779;;on non-performing assets, arunjaitley said rules have been framed for six large sectors including telecom and power and task forces and committees have been on the job.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said the taxpayers with an aggregate turnover of rs 40 lakh would now be exempted from the gst.
;;0.0;;this is a one-time exception and does not affect businesses with inter-state supplies, arunjaitley told reporters.
;;-0.8316;;we know its fate, arunjaitley said referring to lack of any concrete action from pakistan against the terror group and its handlers involved in the 26/11 attack.
;;0.0;;union finance minister arunjaitley had said early this month that after the first quarter of the income declaration scheme ended on sep 30, as many as 64,275 declarants have collectively disclosed rs 65,250 crore.
;;0.0;;announcing adhia's retirement in a facebook post, finance minister arunjaitley said the government wanted him to continue in some alternate capacity but he declined to do so.
;;0.4588;;his time thereafter belongs to his favourite passion (spirituality and yoga) and of course his son, arunjaitley said in the post.
;;0.0;;as revenue secretary, adhia's term witnessed the introduction of a nationwide indirect tax egime, evolving a centre-states consensus on the multiple gst laws and drafting the rules and fixing tariffs that made it possible to meet the deadline of july 1, 2017 for the gst roll-out, arunjaitley said.
;;0.296;;the cabinet has given its nod to the triple talaq ordinance, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters in the cabinet briefing, noting that it is among those ordinances and bills which had been passed by the lok sabha but could not be taken up in the rajya sabha due to continuous protests by opposition parties.
;;0.4019;;to a question about the need for a government to clear several ordinances, including the one on triple talaq, weeks ahead of the general election, arunjaitley said discussions on these ordinances and bills had been physically prevented in parliament.
;;0.6697;;most favoured nation status to pakistan stands withdrawn, said finance minister arunjaitley after a meeting of the cabinet committee on security (ccs) on friday.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said there is constitutional compulsion to roll out gst by september 16, 2017.
;;-0.5994;;there was no such problem that punjab did not face, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;the whole world knows that we have different kind of government, arunjaitley claimed.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arunjaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
;;0.0;;digital payments are the future of financial transactions, arunjaitley said at the punjab national bank app launching ceremony held here.
;;-0.2732;;the payments made by cards where service charge is currently high, which has been waived off till 31st december, would consequently become low once the volume of debit cards usage increases, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3182;;also read | dmk chief mk stalin says rahul gandhi has spoken the truth on rafale deal in parliamentattacking congress chief rahul gandhi, arunjaitley had said, james bond has said 'if it is once, it is a happenstance.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi: in yet another indication of a possible tax cut in the union budget, finance minister arunjaitley said that india needs a lower level of taxation to be globally compatible and broad base the economy.
;;0.0;;since 1991, the course of an economy has altered itself, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.4019;;avoidance of government revenue has been considered as commercial smartness and people do not think there is anything improper or immoral about it, arunjaitley said, tracing the behaviour of people over the last 70 years.
;;0.1027;;its legally vetted draft came before the council and was the first law formally passed, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.0258;;responding to a question of the power of the comptroller and audit general under gst, arunjaitley said, cag is already empowered to seek clarification from the state under cag act, the issue did come up and it was agreed that since the law exists there is no need to for separate laws.
;;0.0258;;upon withdrawal, basic customs duty on all goods exported from pakistan to india has been raised to 200  with immediate effect, finance minister arunjaitley said in a tweet.
;;0.4215;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the goods and service tax (gst) has stabilised in a very short time that provides an opportunity to widen its base and further rationalise the rates in the future.
;;-0.0951;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech had said that cryptocurrencies are not legal tender and will take measures on their use as part of payment systems.
;;0.0849;;the government does not consider crypto-currencies legal tender or coin and will take all measures to eliminate the use of these crypto assets in financing illegitimate activities or as part of the payment system, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;it is to be noted that finance minister arunjaitley had announced capital infusion of rs 10,000 crore for the current fiscal in line with the indradhanush scheme.
;;0.0;;additional allocation will be provided as may be required, arunjaitley had said.
;;0.2484;;india also mounted further pressure on paksitan when finance minister arunjaitley announced that following the withdrawal of the most favoured nation status to its neighbour, basic customs duty on all goods exported from pakistan to india has been raised to 200  with immediate effect.
;;-0.802;;brushing aside any immediate need to worry about rising global oil prices, arunjaitley said an assessment should not be made based on hypothetical situation concerning crude prices as the trend in the last three days has been the opposite (with prices falling again).
;;0.4588;;addressing a press conference after meeting rbi's board in a customary post-budget exercise, arunjaitley also said that the last decision of the monetary policy committee, chaired by rbi governor urjit patel, to keep interest rates unchanged was a balanced decision.
;;0.0;;5 times that of the cost of production, arunjaitley said the issue was discussed in this meeting because it takes place in the light of the budget.
;;-0.34;;in an apparent attack on congress president rahul gandhi, who has been alleging corruption in the purchase of the fighter jets, arunjaitley said disrupters have lost on all counts and those who manufactured falsehood compromised the security of the country.
;;0.4404;;falsehood is bound to fall apart and it has, arunjaitley said, adding that if honest deals are questioned, then civil servants and armed forces will think twice before undertaking such a process in future.
;;0.34;;allegations on rafale was fiction writing that was compromising national security, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.3875;;union finance minister arunjaitley earlier in the day had said that deposits of the now defunct rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax.
;;0.0;;after the government's decision of withdrawing rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, arunjaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies.
;;-0.1901;;obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, but that cannot be an alibi that india continues to live (with black money and parallel economy), arunjaitley said.
;;0.34;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on friday said the number of income taxpayers can double to almost 12 crore with increased formalisation of the economy.
;;0.3818;;the country is capable of having a 10-11-12 crore tax payer base, arunjaitley said at the 'jagran conclave' here.
;;0.3818;;vijayawada/hyderabad: with parliament passing the gst bill in the just-concluded session, union finance minister arunjaitley has now asked andhra pradesh and telangana to ensure its early ratification.
;;0.0;;in the interim period, necessary it infrastructure and administrative arrangements have to be put in place at the central and the state levels before april 2017, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6486;;further, gst will broaden the tax base, and result in better tax compliance due to a robust it infrastructure, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.8369;;by iansnew delhi: declaring that the insolvency resolution process on large bad loan accounts of banks is neither a political nor adversarial issue, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said it is the committee of creditors who would finally decide on the viability of bids made for the bankrupt companies.
;;0.7506;;if we had not done this, all such defaulters would have rejoiced because they would have merrily walked back to these companies by paying only a fraction of the amount, creditors would have taken their haircuts and nothing would have changed, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.0772;;in a written reply, finance minister arunjaitley said that minor and major penalties have been imposed against erring officials.
;;0.0;;, arunjaitley said.
;;0.1513;;new delhi: the reserve bank was fully prepared to deal with currency shortages post demonetisation and has enough currency in its chests to last far beyond december 30, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.2732;;there was a certain level of currency that was to be released and there was full preparedness for it, arunjaitley told reporters.
;;0.0;;asked about the currency in circulation, arunjaitley said the figures will be made public only after accurate calculation after december 30, the last date for depositing the scrapped currency in banks.
;;0.0;;pointing out that a few days ago the finance minister arunjaitley had said the economic decline had nothing to do with demonetisation, rahul said the entire world is saying the demonetisation has wrecked indian economy.
;;0.0;;moreover, finance minister arunjaitley also asked sebi to take more steps to deepen the corporate bond market.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters here on thursday after highlighting the performance of the finance ministry in the past three years, arunjaitley said, rbi was taking measures under the existing mechanism.
;;-0.1027;;highlighting that high level of bad loans is a major challenge, arunjaitley said npa resolution is still a work in progress.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: the 21st century will not only belong to asia but also to africa, hence india and africa should navigate the journey together to shape their common future, finance minister arunjaitley said on tuesday.
;;0.6808;;addressing the 52nd annual meeting of the african development bank here, arunjaitley said while india has been a bright spot amongst the major economies amid challenging times, africa too, has done well over the past few years.
;;0.0;;india and africa should navigate through this journey together and shape their common future, arunjaitley said.
;;0.8658;;buoyed by the improvement, finance minister arunjaitley said the country can break into the top 50 if it made it easier to start a business and improved on contract enforcement.
;;0.3666;;in new delhi, arunjaitley said a focussed approach would ensure getting within the 50th rank target is not out of reach.
;;0.3818;;buttressing his point, arunjaitley said that the services and financial sectors, which normally grow at around 9-10 per cent, had a fall in growth even before demonetisation was announced.
;;-0.4404;;on the opposition criticism that number of unemployed people were growing, arunjaitley said that for some it is propaganda material.
;;-0.1779;;giving an overview of three years, arunjaitley said the nda came to power against the backdrop of global slowdown and shrinking economy when the country had gone off the global radar, besides three years of poor rainfall.
;;0.25;;in this context, arunjaitley said demonetisation has created a new normal replacing the old order of cash and parallel economy, which has been eliminated.
;;0.4019;;without naming the congress or other opposition parties, arunjaitley said there are some in the political system who thought that they were born to rule.
;;-0.128;;referring to the controversy over untimely death of justice loya, arunjaitley said that every fact alleged in the public space by the compulsive contrarians was manufactured.
;;0.6369;;on the issue of infighting in the cbi and the subsequent transfer of its chief, arunjaitley said it is the duty of the sovereign government to ensure the cleaning-up of each of the investigative agencies and the government was only concerned with their accountability and integrity.
;;0.0276;;referring to the press conference by the four judges of the supreme court last year, arunjaitley said it has done more damage to india's judicial institutions than many would have envisaged.
;;-0.6124;;a large portion of the currency wiped out by the notes ban has already been replaced and the reserve bank has adequate new currency and would release 500 rupee notes to remonetisethe people have supported this move significantly, and not a single incident of any form of unrest has been reported in the country since the notes ban, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;take away modi and 90 percent of the speeches of the opposition leaders would be over, finance minister arunjaitley told the indian express in an interview.
;;-0.1779;;the council will meet again on january 3-4 and will discuss the contentious issue of cross-empowerment, the only main issue that is lacking consensus, said finance minister arunjaitley adding that the next session will also see the cgst and sgst laws being framed in legal language and placed before the states.
;;0.5423;;so, if i were to list the residual issues left for the next meeting, then they are the interstate gst law, the issues of dual control and cross empowerment, and the approval of the legally vetted language, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6369;;when asked whether the gst could be rolled out from april one, 2017, arunjaitley said, i am trying my best.
;;0.1779;;by aninew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said india will continue to remain among the fastest growing economies in the world.
;;0.2716;;speaking at et global business summit 2018, arunjaitley said, regulators have a very important function.
;;0.5994;;later in a blog post, arunjaitley said the revised economic growth data has taken away congress party's last surviving argument my gdp growth was higher than yours.
;;0.6872;;a day after chief statistician pravin srivastava, in an unusual move, announced the revised numbers based on back series data alongside niti aayog vice chairman rajiv kumar, arunjaitley said, i don't think any service is being rendered by people who choose to discredit a highly credible organisation like the cso because its data is based on facts and the revised formulations, (and it is) a continuous exercise because every time you try and improve upon the formulations to make them more representative of the real state of economy.
;;-0.6249;;responding to the criticism, arunjaitley in a blog titled 'when the data speak' said cso has global credibility and no one in india has ever imputed motives to it.
;;-0.3612;;dow jones has also fallen by over two per cent, arunjaitley told reporters on the sidelines of an event here.
;;-0.5106;;with the first four days of winter session of parliament washed out over various protests, arunjaitley said the opposition congress will prefer disruptions over discussion on rafale during the remainder of the session.
;;0.6124;;on the congress claiming 'ambiguity' in the supreme court judgment that said the deal has been examined by the cag and is now before parliament's public accounts committee (pac), arunjaitley said defence transactions go to the cag for an audit review, which then are referred to the pac.
;;0.0;;ruling out setting up a jpc to go into the deal, arunjaitley said, how can a parliamentary committee go into the correctness or otherwise to what the court has said.
;;0.0;;we are trying to build every decision through consensus, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;the rates would be the big item to discuss and after that we will go on to draft rules of gst law, said arunjaitley , adding that the  discussion was inconclusive and therefore it will continue in the next meeting on 18th (october).
;;-0.8442;;by ptinew delhi: a day after one convict was sentenced to death for his role in the 1984 anti-sikh riots, finance minister arunjaitley said wednesday other related cases are being vigorously pursued though convictions will only be a small consolation for the families of victims.
;;0.4588;;the first nda government led by atal bihari vajpayee appointed justice g t nanavati commission of enquiry and recommended action against the accused, arunjaitley said in a blog.
;;0.0;;such convictions in those residual cases will be a small consolation, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.8316;;in the post titled 'the legacy of 1984', arunjaitley said the direct fallout of the disastrous operation in june, 1984 at the golden temple was the assassination of the prime minister.
;;-0.296;;there were no intelligence inputs with regard to the number of militants and their ammunition that they had collected within, arunjaitley said and added many innocents got killed in the process.
;;-0.3182;;by aninew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said citizens should bring the bjp government back to power in 2019, as coalition governments do not last for long due to a conflict in ideologies.
;;0.0;;none of them has the guts to stand in front of our leader on the topic of leadership, arunjaitley said at the bjp national council meet here.
;;0.0041;;also read | congress doesn't want ayodhya solution, creating hurdles through its lawyers: pm modiciting examples of governments ruled by chaudhary charan singh, chandra shekhar, vp singh, hd deve gowda, and i.k. gujral, arunjaitley said, gathbandhan is a coalition of rivals.
;;0.6124;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the budget has given rs 12,000 crore benefits to salaried class and senior citizens and also defended the long-term capital gains tax on equities, saying this government knows how to bite the bullet.
;;0.1779;;1 per cent, arunjaitley said, that as per the imf, india will again become the fastest growing economy.
;;0.6124;;taking a dig at the congress, arunjaitley said during the upa regime, nobody spoke in terms of the indian economy being the brightest spot.
;;-0.5267;;talking about the long-term capital gains tax, arunjaitley said it would be wrong to attribute crash in stock market to the tax proposal.
;;-0.5423;;pointing out that there are challenges concerning the agri sector, poverty alleviation and employment generation, arunjaitley said the congress should introspect whether the party during its tenure contributed in removing these problems or creating these problems.
;;0.1511;;on the timing of gst implementation, arunjaitley said the government could not have postponed it as there was a constitutional deadline.
;;0.0;;22, finance minister arunjaitley said after talks in new delhi on sunday, pushing back a possible deal beyond the current session of parliament, which ends next week.
;;0.7096;;last week, finance minister arunjaitley said there is a need to minimise npas in order to maintain the strength of the banking system and enable it to help the economy grow.
;;-0.128;;in a series of tweets, arunjaitley said that rahul gandhi thinks that dynast does not have to answer any question even though he can attack prime minister narendra modi -- a man of utmost integrity.
;;-0.7184;;on former prime minister manmohan singh accusing the modi government of leaving the economy in dire straits, arunjaitley said, when an economist turns into a politician, he loses sense of both economy and politics.
;;-0.4939;;today he regards the world's the fastest growing major economy as disastrous, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4019;;to a question about the need for a government to clear several ordinances, including the one on triple talaq, weeks ahead of the general election, finance minister arunjaitley had said on tuesday that discussions on these ordinances and bills had been physically prevented in parliament.
;;0.0;;the gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the gst council.
;;-0.296;;by ptijabalpur: roads, power and water are no longer poll issues in bjp-ruled madhya pradesh this time unlike in 2003, finance minister arunjaitley said here sunday.
;;-0.296;;sadak, bijli, pani (roads, power, water) are no more issues in the madhya pradesh assembly polls scheduled on november 28, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;the state, under the bjp rule, has shed its bimaru (backward, laggard) tag and become aspirational, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6249;;and when india is leaving its footprints behind, becoming one of the faster economies in the world, it obviously means that the opportunity for india and indians is going to increase, arunjaitley said while addressing the 17th convocation of university of jammu here.
;;0.3716;;we don't need islands of excellence but we need whole ocean of them, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.8225;;on may 3, finance minister arunjaitley said india will ask the fatf to put pakistan on a blacklist of countries that fail to meet international standards in stopping financial crime.
;;-0.3818;;new delhi: to assuage market fears, finance minister arunjaitley today said there is no move to impose long-term capital gains tax on share transactions, an issue investors are hugely touchy about.
;;-0.4754;;this interpretation is absolutely erroneous, arunjaitley said on the sidelines of digi dhan mela here.
;;0.34;;announcing the banking sector reforms, finance minister arunjaitley said, stringent norms for disbursal of high value loans have been framed.
;;0.7391;;our role really is not only to find a solution but also to create an institutional mechanism to make sure that what happened in the past is not repeated, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said the focus of the government would now be on making new currency available in rural areas.
;;0.0772;;new delhi: pinning hopes on quick resolution of the difficult issue of tax jurisdiction with states, finance minister arunjaitley today said that goods and services tax regime will be rolled out from april next year.
;;0.0;;so from september 16, 2017, with regard to the old taxation system, the curtains will be down and the constitutional necessity of switching over to a new system does arise, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.296;;however, finance minister arunjaitley said the rate cuts will make housing affordable for middle, neo-middle and aspirational classes.
;;-0.8925;;new york: finance minister arunjaitley today said that most acts of terrorism across the world will have some links to pakistan and blamed islamabad for the strained indo-pak ties.
;;0.3818;;it's clear what's happening, arunjaitley said, referring to pakistan.
;;-0.802;;the prime minister (narendra modi) went there (pakistan) and it was immediately followed up by an attack in pathankot air base in india and then on the uri military camp and now we have this unprovoked gesture of a military court sentencing an indian to death through a kangaroo court process, said arunjaitley , who is also holding the portfolio of defence minister.
;;0.6369;;on credit growth, arunjaitley said, i think indications are there that it is already happening.
;;0.5719;;referring to his meeting with sebi's board in the morning, arunjaitley said one of the factors that stood out in the market regulator's presentation was that there is now an increased reliance on the bond market as far as credit is concerned.
;;0.2366;;i'm quite certain that aspirational societies don't suffer from a lemmings complex and commit a suicide, they resist from doing that, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.2732;;for footwear and textiles, arunjaitley said that a major concession has been given and the items being used by the common man will be taxed at low rates.
;;-0.296;;finance minister arunjaitley today in his talk on note ban to ndtv said that security printing of currency is a time-consuming exercise, however, rbi is calibrating release of currency.
;;0.743;;gst has to be implemented latest by september 16, 2017, and if it is not implemented by then, then states will not be able to collect their share of taxes, and hence there is not enough scope to further delay the decision, arunjaitley said while inaugurating the two-day economic editors conference,so far the government has been successful to resolve most of the major issues through consensus, arunjaitley said, adding we have already sorted out 10 issues.
;;-0.8225;;on may 3 last year, former finance minister arunjaitley said india will ask the fatf to put pakistan on a blacklist of countries that fail to meet international standards in stopping financial crime.
;;0.0;;commenting on the apex court ruling, arunjaitley said recent developments have eroded the reputation of the cbi.
;;0.6486;;speaking at the times networks india economic conclave, arunjaitley said the differences with rbi included credit flow in the economy and liquidity support, and added that the government had initiated a discussion to convey its concerns.
;;0.2716;;we are the sovereign government, we are the most important stakeholders as far as the management of an economy is concerned, arunjaitley said, in reference to the discussions with rbi.
;;0.802;;by ptinew delhi: improving india's ranking in the world bank's ease of doing business index is reasonably possible if various machineries, including the tax department, make concerted efforts to improve the three laggard parameters, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.7351;;citing success achieved by india in ease of doing business ranking, arunjaitley said the country has moved ahead from 142 to 100th position in the last three years and the last 30 being in one year.
;;0.2732;;on the role of customs and the entire tax department, arunjaitley said it has been evolving with changing nature of economy and with increased tools of technology now being available.
;;0.4434;;new delhi: in a bid to clear the air on tax exemption to political parties, finance minister arunjaitley today said they can not accept donations in old 500 and 1,000 rupee notes since these bills were junked last month and clarified that there is no new exemption granted.
;;0.4019;;under section 13a of it act 1961, political parties have to submit audited accounts, income & expenditure details and balance sheets, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;obviously law will step in, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.5106;;in this era of instant outrage, a 35-year old law is presented as a new law being passed by the nda government, arunjaitley said in the statement.
;;0.5574;;meanwhile, arunjaitley , addressing an sbi-bsnl function earlier in mumbai today, said the impression was that only those with smart phones can use e-wallets.
;;-0.2263;;there is no proposal currently to make the use of aadhaar mandatory under the scheme, finance minister arunjaitley said in a written reply in lok sabha on february 2.
;;0.4019;;the bond shall be encashed by an eligible political party only through a designated bank account with the authorised bank, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.3612;;by iansnew delhi: the frightening and scary scenario that the opposition promises will be responsible for its rout in the lok sabha elections, finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday.
;;0.128;;12 lakh crore recapitalisation plan has turned out to be a moral hazard in view of the corporates' inability to repay loans, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said that capital infusion is solely aimed at strengthening the banking system.
;;-0.5994;;participating in a short-duration discussion in the rajya sabha on the state of the economy earlier on thursday, arunjaitley said that it was reckless lending by banks during the boom years in the previous upa government that had led to accumulation of such huge npas, or bad loans, in the indian banking system.
;;-0.3309;;new york: union minister arunjaitley today said the unprovoked gesture of a pakistani military court to sentence indian national kulbhushan jadhav to death through a kangaroo court will not help the cause of peace in the region.
;;0.1779;;now we have this unprovoked gesture of a military court sentencing an indian to death through a kangaroo court process, said arunjaitley , adding that such acts will help the cause of peace in the region at all.
;;-0.4767;;in a series of tweets, arunjaitley said that fake issues raised by the opposition have not worked and the final results are in the same direction as the exit poll predictions.
;;0.1321;;aspirational india does not accept royalties, dynasties and caste based parties, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;i am writing to you to formally request you that i should be allowed a reasonable time for myself, my treatment and my health and therefore, not be a part of any responsibility, for the present, in the new government, arunjaitley said in the letter.
;;0.0772;;in his letter to modi, arunjaitley said during the last 18 months, he has had some serious health challenges and would want to keep away from any responsibility for sometime to concentrate on treatment.
;;0.3818;;i cannot conceive how an elected sovereign government bringing to the notice of the rbi the issue of credit and liquidity could infringe its autonomy in any way, arunjaitley said while addressing the annual general meeting of industry body ficci.
;;0.3134;;finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
;;0.4588;;addressing the media here, arunjaitley said changes have been made in the nps in larger interest of employees.
;;-0.1531;;additional burden due to the increase in government's contribution on the exchequer will be rs 2,840 crore for 2019-20 fiscal, arunjaitley said.
;;0.34;;by ptinew delhi: buoyed by gst collections exceeding rs 1 lakh crore in april, finance minister arunjaitley today said it is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity.
;;0.34;;gst collections in april exceeding rs 1 lakh crore is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity as brought out by other reports, arunjaitley said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;we will take this up when we can afford to let go this revenue, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;union finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech announced that head post offices will be used as front office for passport services.
;;0.3612;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley said today that corporate tax rate can be brought down to the promised 25 per cent only after all the exemptions given to the industry have ended.
;;0.6124;;union finance minister arunjaitley told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
;;0.4939;;in a briefing after the cabinet meeting on wednesday, finance minister arunjaitley said that fipb would be replaced by a new mechanism under which foreign direct investment (fdi) proposals will be cleared by the ministries concerned as per the standard operating procedure approved by the cabinet.
;;0.4767;;investments in sensitive sectors will need the home ministrys approval, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.875;;speaking at the economic times global business summit, arunjaitley said while its worrisome that nobody raised a red flag when the fraud happened, equally worrisome is the fact that top managements of banks were indifferent to what was going on or were unaware of what was going on.
;;-0.1027;;taking a grim view of the whole affair, arunjaitley said indian businesses have to develop a habit of doing ethical business.
;;0.2247;;on the call for privatisation of psbs, arunjaitley said such a move will not be politically astute and hence, very challenging.
;;0.0;;he claimed that the prime minister, in his independence day address last year, had said that the saving was to the tune of rs 15,000 crore while arunjaitley , pradhan and subramanian had said it was in the range of rs 11,000 crore to rs 15,000 crore.
;;-0.6124;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget for 2018-19 announced the national health protection scheme (nhps) announced to provide health insurance cover of rs 5 lakh to over 10 crore poor and vulnerable families.
;;0.6369;;finance minister arunjaitley said the results were certainly not as expected and asserted the poll outcome was an opportunity to pause and analyse.
;;0.3612;;at this, finance minister arunjaitley said kharge should begin the discussion on the issue immediately and asserted that the government was ready to give a reply.
;;-0.3818;;stressing that there should a discussion on rafale deal, arunjaitley said he would prove that the congress party was spreading lies over the deal.
;;0.3818;;finance minister arunjaitley said pacs would be permitted to accept old currencies.
;;0.0;;supervisory agencies also must introspect what are the additional mechanisms they have to put in place, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.5423;;and, stray cases are nipped in the bud and an example be made out of people that these bad examples itself are never to be repeated, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.0258;;reutersnew delhi: india's finance ministry and state finance officials have broadly agreed on the draft of the national sales tax and are making reasonable headway on a few contentious issues, finance minister arunjaitley said on friday.
;;0.6798;;3, arunjaitley told reporters, but did not clarify whether the country could meet the self-imposed deadline of april 1 for the launch of goods and services tax, the country's most ambitious tax reform as yet.
;;0.0;;our effort is to do it as quickly as possible and i think we are making a reasonable headway, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.5423;;on the issue of bad debts in the banking system, sinha said finance minister arunjaitley in the economic survey said in 2014 the npas stood at rs 2.
;;0.5499;;bengaluru: the goods and services tax, to be rolled out in just over a month, will not only check evasions but also help india evolve as a more tax-compliant society, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;-0.1779;;the elimination of interaction between the assessing authority and taxpayer will minimise harassment and bring greater accountability into the system, arunjaitley said.
;;0.25;;bhubaneswar: union finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
;;0.5994;;now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency, arunjaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
;;-0.4404;;speaking on indian economy: the new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, arunjaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
;;-0.0516;;attempts by some political parties and a section of the media to provokethe people against the government have proved futile, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;there will be zero tax on such items, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;the cess will come with a sunset clause for five years, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;gandhi said finance minister arunjaitley had recently said economic decline had nothing to do with the demonetisation.
;;-0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget for 2018/19 said the fiscal deficit target for the current year has been raised to 3.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley said around rs 2 lakh crore has been deposited till 12.
;;0.0;;the largest banker in the country state bank of india (sbi) saw deposits of rs 47,868 crore till saturday afternoon, arunjaitley said while briefing the media here.
;;0.2732;;finance minister arunjaitley could announce tax incentives for individuals and firms to boost consumer demand, amid lingering uncertainty over the implementation of a nationwide goods and services tax, said one of the officials.
;;-0.1027;;a man arranging sugarcane brought from salem as part of the navarathri celebration at palayam market in kozhikode (tp sooraj|eps)new delhi: the cabinet has raised by nearly 11 percent the price sugar mills must pay to cane growers in the next sugar season beginning october, the country's finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday.
;;0.25;;finance minister arunjaitley , in his 2016-17 budget speech, said a comprehensive code on resolution of insolvency cases in financial firms will be introduced as a bill in parliament this fiscal.
;;-0.0951;;as of now, finance minister arunjaitley has said that cryptocurrencies are not a legal tender, tyagi said.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: the union cabinet thursday was briefed about the situation in jammu and kashmir where the governor has dissolved the state assembly, finance minister arunjaitley said here.
;;0.0;;addressing the media after the cabinet meeting here, arunjaitley said, though jammu and kashmir was not on the agenda of the cabinet meeting, members of the cabinet were briefed about the situation.
;;0.0;;in his address, arunjaitley said nda governments both at the centre and the state will bring development to the state.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today asked the newly-appointed foreign mission heads to utilise the services of huge indian diaspora with a view to pushing the country's growth prospects.
;;0.0;;costs of such decisions have to been borne by the state governments, arunjaitley said after a meeting with senior bank officials.
;;0.0;;beyond that, the central government has nothing more to say, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3919;;he left me with no option but to agree with him, arunjaitley said.
;;0.5859;;by ptinew delhi: the electoral bonds mechanism is a substantial improvement in transparency over the present system and the government is open to suggestions to further cleanse political funding, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.2732;;in a facebook post, arunjaitley said the conventional practice of funding the political system was to take donations as well as undertake expenditures in cash.
;;0.0;;the effort, therefore, is to run down any alternative system which is devised to cleanse up the political funding mechanism, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget 2017-18 speech had announced the setting up of an integrated oil company after about 12 years of a similar proposal suggested by the then oil minister mani shankar aiyer.
;;0.2732;;obviously, communication with the bank, there seems to be some gap in that and therefore, he was given pension for one part of the service and not for other part of the service which he was legitimately entitled to, arunjaitley told reporters here.
;;0.0;;for 10 years, orop was not implemented by the congress, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.25;;this was a procedural problem which could have been resolved at the level of the bank or the department dealing with it, arunjaitley said.
;;0.7184;;the justice reddy committee was set up to resolve issues faced by some people, arunjaitley said, adding that the panel gave the report last week.
;;0.6369;;meanwhile, finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said that growth must not be throttled by limiting credit availability and liquidity.
;;0.0772;;the temporary shortage caused by 'sudden and unusual increase' in some areas is being tackled quickly, mr arunjaitley said in a tweet.
;;0.34;;| reutersnew delhi: india will offer tax incentives to small businesses engaged in cashless transactions, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters on tuesday, as part of the government's fight against the cash economy.
;;0.6249;;in a facebook post titled 'benefits of the aadhaar - where it stands today', arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved rs 90,000 crore in the last few years till march 2018 by eliminating several duplicates, non-existent and fake beneficiaries.
;;0.0;;aadhaar is a game changer, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.0772;;the monies saved through aadhaar is money fruitfully employed for the poor elsewhere, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.6599;;the upa legislation, arunjaitley said, was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the uid would be used.
;;0.5574;;the judgement of the supreme court added balance to the concept of aadhaar, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3612;;while acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post december 30, arunjaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before november 8, when prime minister narendra modi announced the so-called demonetisation.
;;-0.1027;;one of the advantages of this exercise is going to be that you wont have the same level of paper currency which existed, arunjaitley said, pointing out that officers in the administration expect some illicit cash never to be returned and to expire worthless, while some of the money deposited will remain inside the banking system.
;;-0.2732;;remember the jpc on bofors it said the kickback were winding up charges it whitewashed corruption, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.2732;;taking a dig at rahul gandhi, arunjaitley said it is a tragedy that the grand old party which was headed by the legends in the past is now headed by a gentleman who doesn't have basic understanding of combat aircraft.
;;0.0;;he has a legacy of speaking falsehood, arunjaitley said.
;;0.2382;;in 2012 it went to the table of the then defence minister, who everyone knows is a simple man who wrote that rafale is appropriate but the process through which it has become lowest bidder need to be looked into, arunjaitley said suggesting that the then defence minister did this under the influence of his party.
;;0.6808;;hopefully, the earlier we do, the better it is for the new taxation system, arunjaitley had said.
;;0.3134;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said there is more than adequate currency in circulation and the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly.
;;0.0772;;the temporary shortage caused by 'sudden and unusual increase' (in demand) in some areas is being tackled quickly, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.2263;;arun arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) april 17, 2018minister of state for finance shiv pratap shukla said the government has formed a committee to address the problem of currency shortage in certain states and the issue would be resolved in next 2-3 days.
;;-0.1027;;new delhi: weeks before presenting indias first combined general and railway budget, finance minister arunjaitley said the rail commuters must pay for the services they receive.
;;-0.1027;;the basic principle on which any commercial establishment is to be run, the first essential principle, is that consumers must pay for the services that they receive, arunjaitley said.
;;0.7906;;citing the example of power and highway sectors, which started doing well after consumers started paying for services, arunjaitley said only such a model could help a sector succeed.
;;0.0;;amid fierce slogan shouting by the opposition, finance minister arunjaitley said the taxation laws (2nd amendment) bill, 2016 was brought after it came to the government's notice that some people were trying to illegally exchange the demonetised rs 1000 and rs 500 currency note.
;;-0.3612;;new delhi/mumbai: the reserve bank of india (rbi) is at an advanced stage of preparing a list of bad loans where resolution is required under the country's insolvency and bankruptcy rules, finance minister arunjaitley said on monday.
;;0.0;;speaking after meeting bank chief executives, arunjaitley also said the government was working on consolidating state-run banks, although monday's meeting did not discuss the topic.
;;0.25;;the rbi is at a fairly advanced stage of preparing a list of those debtors where a resolution is required through the ibc (insolvency and bankruptcy code) process and you'll shortly be hearing about it, arunjaitley told reporters.
;;0.3182;;i can tell you we are actively working in that direction, arunjaitley said on monday, declining to give details in what he said would be stock price-sensitive information.
;;0.0;;2 million) in the year ended march 31, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.3818;;however, to assuage market fears, finance minister arunjaitley yesterday said that there was no move to impose long-term capital gains tax on share transactions, an issue investors are hugely touchy about.
;;-0.4215;;by ptinew delhi: taking congress head on over the sohrabuddin case, finance minister arunjaitley said the appropriate question for party president rahul gandhi to ask would be, who killed the investigation in this case.
;;-0.91;;also read | sohrabuddin sheikh fake encounter: judge's verdict slams cbi's 'scripted probe' to nail amit shahresponding to the comment of gandhi on the day of the judgement that 'nobody killed sohrabuddin', arunjaitley said, it would have been more appropriate if he had asked the right question, namely who killed sohrabuddin case investigation, he would have got the right answer.
;;0.0;;this is an irrefutable evidence of what the congress did to our investigative agencies, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6369;;by ptinew delhi: hopeful of buoyant revenue collection next fiscal, finance minister arunjaitley today said 0.
;;0.25;;on industry's complaint with regard to delay in the reduction of corporate tax to 25 per cent, arunjaitley said, 7,000 companies which are left in 30 per cent bracket are effectively paying 22-23 per cent tax after taking into account the benefits of exemptions.
;;0.0;;making a case for pooling in of resources for healthcare sector, arunjaitley said, the government in the past both at the level of central and states have taken several baby steps.
;;0.2263;;ideally it should have exited decade and a half ago but that hasn't happened, arunjaitley said.
;;0.34;;asked if he was confident of finding buyers considering the high debt air india has, arunjaitley said the debt had multiple components, including assets like aircrafts.
;;0.0;;the new hospital will be built at a cost of rs 1,123 crore and it will be set up under the pradhan mantri swasthya suraksha yojana (pmssy), arunjaitley said.
;;0.8047;;by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said it is not possible to have one gst rate as the country has vast disparities, but assured investors that government will undertake further reforms after improvement in tax compliance standards.
;;0.2023;;the next stage of reforms will start once india becomes a significant tax compliant society, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3182;;on the compliance burden of the gst, arunjaitley said it was a little heavy but the process would ease on account of the initiatives being undertaken by the revenue department.
;;0.0;;it is almost in the final stages of its preparation, where compliances are going to be made simpler itself, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.3261;;to a query apparently related to korean mining major posco's investment in odisha, arunjaitley said: let me assure you that many of these were problems of a historical legacy and for the last few years most of these if not eliminated have certainly come down.
;;0.0;;new delhi: india has expressed reservations on world bank's 'doing business report' where it has been ranked 172 amongst 190 countries, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.0;;wheat, rice, sugar can't be taxed at the same rate as a mercedes car or a yacht or tobacco, finance minister arunjaitley had said while ruling out the possibility of a single gst rate.
;;0.0;;the nda brings him to book, arunjaitley said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has asked finance secretary hasmukh adhia to examine the possibility of converting gstn into a majority government company or a 100 per cent government company.
;;0.5106;;claiming that the remonetisation process was sufficiently advanced, finance minister arunjaitley said there was a sharp jump in the tax collections recorded and an increase in rabi crop sowing.
;;-0.3612;;dow jones has also fallen by over two per cent, arunjaitley told reporters on the sidelines of an event here.
;;-0.4404;;even a fool will not compare prices of a simple flyaway aircraft with a weaponised jet, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.3612;;in a media briefing after the meeting of the cabinet committee on security(ccs), finance minister arunjaitley said all efforts will be made to ensure that perpetrators of the attack are brought to book.
;;-0.4404;;talking tough, arunjaitley said those aiding and abating the perpetrators will have to pay a heavy price.
;;-0.7717;;sounding a warning to perpetrators, arunjaitley said that those behind the attacks will pay a heavy price for it.
;;0.0;;later, arunjaitley said that ltcg was issued in the board meeting of sebi.
;;0.0;;today, realising the wrath of the electorate, he has become 'proud' of his hindu credentials, arunjaitley said.
;;0.8979;;follow our full election coverage herei am sure those still active in the vhp from that era would have had the last laugh when the congress leader and its candidate from bhopal, digvijaya singh, felt compelled to publicly announce 'i too am a proud hindu', arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;they owed their survival to this polarisation, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0516;;this has created fear of the backlash in the minds of those who conventionally indulged in majority bashing and were compromising on issues of national security, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;referring to congress president rahul gandhi, arunjaitley said congress has suddenly decided to proclaim its president as 'janeu-dhari brahmin' without getting into the larger issue of whether a person can inherit his grandmother's caste.
;;-0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley said the pmgky was preceded by similar schemes and the response should not be seen in isolation.
;;0.4588;;recalling the 1971 general elections, arunjaitley said the opposition had formed a 'grand alliance' or the 'mahagathbandhan' teaming up against the then prime minister indira gandhi.
;;0.431;;they do not suffer from a lemming syndrome, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.4404;;stating that every general election has its own script that is dictated by the prevailing political environment, arunjaitley said for 2019 political battle, india's opposition has a two-fold strategy, firstly, negative anti-modi agenda and secondly, random political grouping to gain from the electoral arithmetic.
;;0.25;;it is only the fear of his popularity & a certain comeback that is bringing them together, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;mr arunjaitley during the book launch said the reason why kfc couldnt make any headway is because of moti mahals chicken pakodas, so they flew back.
;;0.0;;addressing the media, arunjaitley said: in may, we had amended the dtaa with mauritius following a similar move in september with cyprus.
;;0.34;;replying to a discussion on the budget in the upper house, arunjaitley said the nda government has continued with the two major social sector schemes of the upa era---mgnrega and food security act and has even exceeded the expenditure in contrast to the budgetary outlay.
;;0.0;;on inflation, arunjaitley said the last three years of upa government recorded inflation rate of 9.
;;0.2732;;hospitality may not be the core competence of the railways and therefore, what is not within its core competence, the principle of outsourcing --which is accepted world over -- can be a logical addition to those activities of railways, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4404;;as railways plan to shift towards accrual system of accounting from cash system, arunjaitley said the accounting reform will better reflect performance.
;;0.0772;;speaking at a conference on accounting reforms in railways organised by cii, arunjaitley said that year after year, the governments have indulged in populism and people listened to rail budget only to hear the number of new trains being announced.
;;0.5574;;finance minister arunjaitley , in his budget speech on february 1, had announced that the government would launch a flagship 'national health protection scheme' to cover over 10 crore households (about 50 crore people) by providing annual coverage of up to rs 5 lakh per family for secondary and tertiary care hospitalisation.
;;-0.1779;;rejecting the contention that the bill could be challenged in the supreme court, finance minister arunjaitley said the constitution amendments to article 15 and 16 rule out such apprehensions, unlike on previous occasions when the sc nixed similar attempts.
;;0.6705;;also read | every political party supported quota for poor in general category: arunjaitley indira sawhney judgment of the supreme court had ruled that 50 per cent cap on reservation was only for caste based quota provisions in educational institutions and public employment, arunjaitley said during discussions on the bill, while making an intervention.
;;-0.1531;;with this bill amending article 15 and 16, source of powers have been provided to the government at the centre and states to take affirmative action for the economically weaker sections of the society, said arunjaitley , while reminding the congress that the opposition party in its 2014 manifesto had promised to bring a law for 10 per cent reservation for the economically weaker sections.
;;0.1655;;| afpnew delhi: the rbi's original proposal was to issue high-value new currency notes in the denominations of rs 5,000 and rs 10,000, but the narendra modi government finally decided to go in for rs 2,000 denominations, finance minister arunjaitley said on saturday.
;;0.0;;on the recalibration of atms for dispensing new design currency notes, arunjaitley said, it would take two to three weeks, since the present machines are designed to dispense only rs 100, rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;-0.765;;rejecting reports that an image of the new rs 2,000 currency note had appeared in social media, arunjaitley said that there was no leak about the decision.
;;-0.5574;;in remarks apparently aimed at former reserve bank governor raghuram rajan, who friday blamed the goods and services tax roll-out along with demonetisation for lower gdp growth, arunjaitley said the economy recovered fast from the limited disruptionist impact of the tax reform.
;;0.4404;;leaders should not be cowards, they should be decisive decision-makers who should have the capacity to take these decisive decisions, bear the criticism, and eventually in the larger interest of the nation, implement them, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0772;;within the first year of gst implementation, arunjaitley said the number of people who registered for gst has gone up by 74 per cent and government has also been able to bring down tax rates for as many as 334 commodities than previous levels.
;;0.3182;;by ptinew delhi: going forward, as tax revenues significantly increase, india will have gst slabs of 0 per cent, 5 per cent and a standard rate between 12-18 per cent for commonly-used items, finance minister arunjaitley said monday.
;;0.0;;in a facebook post titled 'eighteen months of gst', arunjaitley said, of the 1,216 commodities which are used, broadly 183 are taxed at zero rates, 308 at 5 per cent, 178 at 12 per cent and 517 at 18 per cent.
;;-0.5574;;the country should eventually have a gst which will have only slabs of zero, 5 per cent and standard rate with luxury and sin goods as an exception, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.296;;stating that only cement and auto parts are items of common use which remain in 28 per cent slab, arunjaitley said the next priority will be to transfer cement into a lower slab.
;;0.4404;;crediting adhia efforts on the gst rollout, arunjaitley said in his blog that it was his efforts supported by his team of officers of centre and state governments, which made it possible to hit the deadline of july 1, 2017.
;;0.3612;;thank you dr.adhia, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.3875;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said deposits of now-defunct old rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax.
;;-0.5859;;those who did not consider the generation of so much black money and scams during their regime as blunder are now finding the crusade against black money as blunder, arunjaitley said.
;;0.1779;;now they are inventing and manufacturing reasons to escape the debate, arunjaitley told reporters here.
;;0.6908;;stressing that demonetisation decision will have a positive impact on the economy, arunjaitley said, this (the move) will have positive impact as far as the medium and long terms are concerned.
;;0.0;;i will still keep my fingers crossed, arunjaitley told media persons after the gst council meet here.
;;0.2484;;you need to manufacture products and provide services which are more competitive in character and therefore, your taxes have to be globally compatible, arunjaitley had said earlier.
;;-0.0772;;the lower corporate income tax rate for 99 per cent of the companies will leave them with higher investible surplus, which in turn will create more jobs, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 1 had announced the scrapping of the inter- ministerial body, which comes under the ministry's department of economic affairs.
;;0.0;;the decision to abolish fipb was taken by the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendra modi, arunjaitley said while briefing the media after the meeting.
;;-0.2732;;further, finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech said corporate tax for 2018-19 has been cut to 25 percent for companies with revenue up to rs 250 crore, while personal income tax remains untouched.
;;-0.8225;;on may 3, finance minister arunjaitley said india will ask the fatf to put pakistan on a blacklist of countries that fail to meet international standards in stopping financial crime.
;;0.7717;;it, of course, now moves to the states and well request the states to grant their approval expeditiously, arunjaitley told the media outside parliament.
;;-0.0258;;the finance ministry and state finance officials have broadly agreed on a national sales tax and are making reasonable headway on a few contentious issues, finance minister arunjaitley said on friday.
;;0.0;;3, arunjaitley told reporters, but did not clarify whether a self-imposed deadline of april 1 for the launch of the tax could be met.
;;0.0;;our effort is to do it as quickly as possible and i think we are making a reasonable headway, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6249;;washington: india continues to be the fastest-growing major economy in the world and its growth will accelerate further due to factors like the implementation of gst, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;talking about the new indirect tax regime, arunjaitley said the government is fully on course to implement the goods and services tax (gst) by july 1.
;;0.5574;;shares initially sold off after arunjaitley announced a new capital gains tax on long-term equity investments.
;;0.0;;earlier, finance minister arunjaitley had said the government is looking into sudden 'popping up' of money into zero-balance jan dhan accounts.
;;-0.34;;new delhi: issuing a veiled warning, finance minister arunjaitley today said one cannot convert black money into white by merely depositing unaccounted cash in bank accounts as taxes are required to be paid on them.
;;0.0772;;in a facebook post on the second anniversary of demonetisation, arunjaitley said in first four years of the national democratic alliance (nda) government, the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6.
;;0.0772;;special: experience the first 50 days after demonetisation through 50 exclusive stories from tnieterming the criticism, that almost the entire cash got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, as ill-informed, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
;;0.0;;this would obviously have an impact on higher tax revenue and a higher tax base, arunjaitley said.
;;0.1531;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said that axis bank management has assured the government that it is taking action against the erring officials who are suspected to be involved in irregularities post demonetisation.
