;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley , in his budget speech wednesday, said that deposits between rs 2 lakh and rs 80 lakh were made in about 1.
;;0.0;;although finance minister arunjaitley says, by large the issue has been sorted out with congress, if so then why has the bill been not brought out, he asked.
;;-0.0516;;finance minister arunjaitley , who currently holds the defence portfolio as well, said the slab system did not provide sufficient compensation for those injured or disabled during service.
;;0.3818;;finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said india is expected to become the third largest economy in the world by 2030 with gdp touching usd 10 trillion, helped by consumption and investment growth.
;;0.7579;;last year, finance minister arunjaitley had announced announced creation of a higher education financing agency (hefa) with an initial capital base of rs 1,000 crore which will leverage funds from the market and work to create infrastructure in top institutions like the iits.
;;0.0;;b'arun arunjaitley announced a monetary limit for the contribution of employers to the provident and superannuation fund of rs 1.
;;0.0;;arun arunjaitley announced a monetary limit for the contribution of employers to the provident and superannuation fund of rs 1.
;;-0.1796;;finance minister arunjaitley , said all our (indias) economic parameters in terms of fiscal prudence, fiscal deficit, current account deficit, inflation control, i think the figures have been quite encouraging.
;;0.0;;(file)finance minister arunjaitley on monday said india will continue to grow at 7-8 per cent rate, an absolute normal for the nation under the current global environment.
;;-0.7269;;also read: why 2001 attack on parliament prompted delhi police to crackdown on the illegal use of red beaconswhile briefing the press regarding the decision, finance minister arunjaitley had said, a red light can be carried in vehicles of high dignitaries specified by the central and state government.
;;0.886;;while addressing masses at the iconic rajpath in the national capital, arunjaitley on june 19 said, i welcome baba ramdev ji and all his co-workers that they have organised this event two days before the international yoga day to celebrate the world wide success of the indias yoga initiative.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, arunjaitley said the days of bi-polar elections are over in kerala.
;;0.6248;;acknowledging that situation in kashmir was serious, senior union minister arunjaitley said those indulging in stone-pelting in kashmir are not satyagrahis but aggressors who target police and security forces but some people with limited vision cannot see this.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi has three priorities for jammu and kashmir, said arunjaitley , minister of finance.
;;-0.1779;;talking in the context of ongoing 44-day unrest in kashmir, arunjaitley said, now this time, a serious situation has emerged in which pakistan, separatists and religious forces have joined hands and now with a new way, they are attacking the integrity of india.
;;0.0;;(source: file image)politicians should shun the normal temptation of having more and more power and divest themselves of it, finance minister arunjaitley said on friday.
;;0.0;;addressing a book release event at the rashtrapati bhavan on the third anniversary of the modi government, arunjaitley said that one of earliest policy decisions taken by the government was to eliminate any scope of discretion.
;;0.0;;i think that pays dividend, arunjaitley said.
;;0.7506;;the fm radio revived it a little bit and i think the prime minister spotted the strength of the radio itself and the strength was not merely in communication, arunjaitley said, referring to modis radio broadcast mann ki baat.
;;0.7922;;b'putting a series of posers to congress, finance minister arunjaitley asked whether it would evolve into a structured party with a galaxy of leaders or remain a dynastic party despite having suffered a series of electoral reverses.
;;0.7922;;putting a series of posers to congress, finance minister arunjaitley asked whether it would evolve into a structured party with a galaxy of leaders or remain a dynastic party despite having suffered a series of electoral reverses.
;;0.3182;;taking a dig at congress after its poor show in assembly polls, finance minister arunjaitley today said the party has been pushed to margins and wondered whether it will stand behind a hotchpotch combination of regional parties in 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.7922;;putting a series of posers to congress, arunjaitley also asked whether it would evolve into a structured party with a galaxy of leaders or remain a dynastic party despite having suffered a series of electoral reverses.
;;0.0;;in a facebook post, arunjaitley said the central government will work closely with all the five elected state governments for the larger welfare of the people.
;;0.4019;;these cannot be decided by any third party, arunjaitley said in his closing remarks.
;;-0.25;;watch video | find out what pm narendra modi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionannouncing these measures, finance minister arunjaitley said there has been a movement towards digital transactions from cash transactions since the government announced its decision to cancel the old notes.
;;0.4019;;when asked if the government has any plans to push digital payments for funding of political parties, arunjaitley said: can i tell you this would inevitably will be a future course.
;;0.9041;;but the fact can not be ignored that if a large population of britain is in favour of remaining in the european union this may create political complications in the future as finance minister arunjaitley has said, india is ready to face the situation after brexit.
;;0.6486;;in his budget speech, finance minister arunjaitley said that he had hoped the cases pending in various courts and other legal fora relating to certain retrospective amendments undertaken to the income tax act, 1961, through the finance act, 2012, will soon reach their logical conclusion.
;;-0.7076;;(pti adds: if this is so, i would aggravate the charges against the defendant (kejriwal), arunjaitley said, adding that there was a limit to personal malice.
;;0.0;;when arunjaitley said he read the indian express, jethmalani showed him a document (a half-page advertisement from april, 2015) published in the newspaper.
;;0.0;;in his budget speech earlier last month, finance ministry arunjaitley had said, the facility of fixed-term employment will be extended to all sectors.
;;0.0;;pti photofinance minister arunjaitley on thursday said that jharkhand has finally got its politics and economics right.
;;0.5994;;and, therefore, even though investments kept trickling in, the desirable progress could not be achieved, arunjaitley said while speaking at jharkhands first global investors summit.
;;0.2144;;as more and more telecom companies enter the fray, i think we will hopefully see competition not only amongst telecom companies which we read a lot about these days but we will probably see competition between conventional and the new mode of banking that you are going to introduce, arunjaitley said at the launch.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had announced the scheme in his budget speech this year.
;;-0.6605;;catastrophic health events are the single most important cause of unforeseen out-of-pocket expenditure which pushes lakhs of households below the poverty line every year, arunjaitley had said in his budget speech earlier this year.
;;-0.0516;;when dar backed one belt, one road (obor) initiative to connect china with the rest of eurasia, arunjaitley said india has serious reservations on the proposal because of sovereignty issues.
;;0.4019;;in a facebook post, arunjaitley said congress, which finished as the largest single party in the recently held assembly election in the coastal state, did not even make a claim nor elected their leader.
;;-0.2023;;targeting the congress for accusing the saffron party of stealing the mandate in goa, arunjaitley said, it unsuccessfully petitioned before the supreme court.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters after the meeting, arunjaitley said: this case is going on since 1993.
;;-0.128;;when asked about the congress demand asking bharti to step down from her post as minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, arunjaitley said: there have been ministers, there have been deputy prime ministers if charge sheet is the rule (to resign), then just calculate, how many congress chief ministers will (have to go).
;;0.0552;;i have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the gst stabilises itself, we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden, the then finance minister arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the punjab municipal corporation law (extension to chandigarh) amendment bill 2017.
;;0.0;;during his budget speech, finance minister arunjaitley announced that niti aayog would spearhead a national programme on ai; with the near doubling of the digital india budget, the it ministry also announced the setting up of four committees for ai related research.
;;-0.2732;;countering the charges, arunjaitley said the banks have been asked to recover every penny that is due, adding that the first banking facility was given to mallya and his companies in september 2004 which were renewed in february 2008.
;;0.0;;how these accounts were running, what facilities were given, the dates tell their own story, arunjaitley said, adding when the loans were given, how they were givenintrospection will be required.
;;-0.296;;there is no exception to this, said finance minister arunjaitley , briefing mediapersons after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said eight of the 10 directors of the rbi board were present at the november 8 meeting which made an independent final recommendation with regard to demonetisation to government.
;;0.3182;;(file)india needs to evolve into a pensioned and insured society, finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday even as he maintained that people will have more room to invest for their future as the income levels increase.
;;0.7351;;speaking at the annual conference on pension, organised by the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda), arunjaitley said: as the income increases, your ability to take out a part of your income and invest for safer future is also going to be important.
;;0.4019;;law-making and budget-making cannot be decided by any third party, arunjaitley said, in an apparent reference to the judiciary.
;;0.3612;;earlier in the day, finance minister arunjaitley said the government was ready with an entrepreneur-friendly taxation regime.
;;-0.1779;;noting that india has missed the bus because of its conventional thinking when it came to industrial and technology revolutions, arunjaitley said indians have now become aspirational, which is putting pressure on politicians to support reforms initiatives.
;;0.0516;;globally, arunjaitley said, countries are resorting to desperate measures like negative or negligible interest rates, competitive devaluation of currencies.
;;-0.4247;;replying to a debate in the rajya sabha on the benami transactions (prohibition) amendment bill 2016, which was later passed by voice vote (the lok sabha had passed it last week), arunjaitley said a law alone could not solve the problem of black money but efforts would have to be made to create fear of law.
;;0.0;;referring to the panama papers leaks, arunjaitley said a multi-agency group had been set up.
;;-0.4939;;provisions for prosecution could not be operationalised due to the lack of rules in the original act of 1988, arunjaitley said.
;;0.2584;;(pti photo by vijay kumar joshi)union finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said minister for water resources uma bharti will not resign from her post in the union cabinet.
;;0.0;;announcing the cabinet decision, finance minister arunjaitley said voters have the right to know whether their votes have been correctly registered.
;;0.128;;(source: file)finance minister arunjaitley on friday said it has undertaken expeditious investigations into the panama paper leaks and would take legal action depending upon the outcome of the probe.
;;0.4215;;further course of action under the laws dealing with direct taxes, foreign exchange regulations etc depends upon outcome of the investigation in respective cases, arunjaitley said in a written reply in the lok sabha.
;;0.6369;;finance minister arunjaitley said the congress floor leader had used rather strong expressions and therefore, either the speaker expunge them or allow the government to respond.
;;-0.5574;;last week, finance minister arunjaitley , while responding to a query in japan, had said, i have no hesitation in saying we have some serious reservations about it (cpec), because of sovereignty issues.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley had announced in his budget speech that a permanent mechanism would be set up to revise the salaries of mps every five years, and it would be linked to inflation.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had announced in his budget speech that a permanent mechanism would be set up to revise the salaries of mps every five years, and it would be linked to inflation.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had announced in his budget speech that a permanent mechanism would be set up to revise the salaries of mps every five years, and it would be linked to inflation.
;;0.2235;;finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the government does not plan to impose any tax on agricultural income, dismissing the suggestion of niti aayog member bibek debroy.
;;0.25;;b'finance minister arunjaitley said a needless controversy is being created over the issue.
;;0.25;;finance minister arunjaitley said a needless controversy is being created over the issue.
;;0.25;;in a facebook post today, arunjaitley said, a needless controversy is sought to be created that the terms of reference (tor) of the 15th finance commission are loaded against any particular region of the country.
;;0.7096;;(source: subham dutta)the electorate in west bengal has presented a historic opportunity to the bjp to become the principal opposition party in state by replacing the left front, which has fallen out of favour with the masses, union finance minister arunjaitley said friday.
;;-0.875;;asked about the possibility of a non-congress, non-bjp federal front, arunjaitley said such an experiment had failed in the past and was doomed to be unstable.
;;0.0;;in his speech, arunjaitley said: in order to achieve universal access to early quality diagnosis and treatment to tb patients, two national institutes of ageing will be set up health ministry officials dont see any links between the name of the institute (of ageing) and its primary objective.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had announced in his budget speech that a permanent mechanism would be set up to revise the salaries of mps every five years, and it would be linked to inflation.
;;0.5106;;finance minister arunjaitley said the changes to the income tax act 1961 and the customs tariff act 1975 would encourage medium-scale employers in the apparel sector and facilitate reconstruction of erstwhile psus.
;;0.7096;;therefore, if we were to cover up for this tax handicap we will have to give our companies some tax incentive to help them be competitive, arunjaitley said in his reply after the discussion.
;;0.0;;so, the de-merger and hiving off will take place and it would come to the government, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.0772;;, there are a series of non-tariff barriers which today exist one of the suggestions is, in case the non-tariff barriers at some stage go, because they cannot be permanent in nature, for the protection of the domestic industry a higher duty may have to be imposed as far as customs is concerned, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6597;;finance minister arunjaitley says that the aim is to create strong banks and that the merger proposals will have to come from the boards of these banks and decisions will be taken purely on commercial grounds.
;;0.6369;;(source: pti photo)taking a dig at the dynasty-driven congress, finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said the party will shrink in absence of stalwarts like jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi as it does not have leaders of that stature.
;;0.0;;he started fumbling after 2-3 names, arunjaitley said.
;;0.8473;;responding to a query on gst implementation, arunjaitley said he is hopeful of its passage in the monsoon session as most political parties except the congress are in favour of this historic tax reform.
;;-0.296;;there is no exception to this, finance minister arunjaitley had said after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said eight of the 10 directors of the rbi board were present at the november 8 meeting which made an independent final recommendation with regard to demonetisation to government.
;;-0.296;;there was no such meeting, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.0516;;the bribe giver has been convicted the identity of the bribe taker has to be established, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.659;;in a facebook post titled judge loya death case  the one that almost created a judicial mutiny, arunjaitley also said amit shah, now bjp president, had no role in the sohrabuddin case which was an alleged encounter executed by some central agencies through the state police.
;;-0.3182;;cases pertaining to the 164 ponzi or chit fund companies have been assigned to the serious fraud investigation office (sfio) for investigation, finance minister arunjaitley said in lok sabha during question hour and released a list of these firms against which inquiries are in progress.
;;0.4215;;, is being promoted, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6597;;we are ideologically opposed to separatism, arunjaitley said addressing party workers after inaugurating bjps four storeyed party headquarters in posh trikuta nagar area.
;;0.8225;;pointing out that party was faced with a strange situation in the state, arunjaitley said we won the maximum number of seats in jammu and pdp emerged the largest party in the valley.
;;0.0;;only talking about pms package will not do, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3818;;read: short life to ensure electoral bonds doesnt become parallel currency: arun jaitleyexplaining the scheme, finance minister arunjaitley had earlier said, this idea of electoral bonds has been closely debated in the government.
;;0.4019;;and these will be redeemable within a period of three or four weeks of the purchase of the bond in only one bank account of a political party, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;replying to a rajya sabha discussion on the finance bill, finance minister arunjaitley said necessary provisions in this regard would be incorporated in the rules of the legislation, when they are being framed.
;;0.0;;as far as judicial members (in any of the regulatory bodies or tribunals) are concerned, you can take it from me, that their appointment would be made only in consultation with the judiciary, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;at that point, arunjaitley said the government intended to include that provision in the rules.
;;0.0;;in the final decisions of the government, you should talk in one voice and it should be one decision, arunjaitley said.
;;0.7048;;talking about ways to propagate about government schemes like crop insurance, arunjaitley said government should not leave any form of media as cost is limited and unlimited advantages like wide reach.
;;-0.4939;;finance minister arunjaitley told rajya sabha on tuesday that the remonetisation process moved smoothly after demonetisation was announced and that there was no shortage of currency supply, even for a single day.
;;0.4019;;just weeks after prime minister narendra modi first pushed for simultaneous elections at a party forum on march 19, 2016, then finance minister arunjaitley had said the idea is fraught with many pit-falls, according to the minutes of a meeting of a committee of ministers (com) obtained by the indian express under the right to information act.
;;0.6705;;finance minister arunjaitley , in his budget speech earlier this month, had announced that the electronic assessment of tax returns would be launched in the country, which would almost eliminate person-to-person contact, leading to greater efficiency and transparency.
;;-0.5994;;briefing reporters on the cabinets decisions, finance minister arunjaitley said the fugitive economic offenders bill will include a list of scheduled offences.
;;0.0585;;we will try and make sure that this is passed as fast, as expeditiously as possible (by parliament) because we cant allow people to make a mockery of the law, that you first indulge in loot and then refuse to submit to the jurisdiction of our legal system, and i think we have a very responsible parliament, said arunjaitley , when asked whether the proposed law would be passed in the budget session.
;;0.296;;in the budget 2017-18, arunjaitley had announced that the government was considering introducing legislative changes or even a new law to confiscate the assets of such absconders till they submit to the jurisdiction of the appropriate legal forum.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has announced that the government plans to open 24 new medical colleges and hospitals in the next one year by upgrading existing hospitals in each district.
;;0.0;;the us response really is that we have a legislation which so states it, arunjaitley told indian reporters during a media roundtable.
;;0.1779;;we have to leverage the assets of cpses for generation of resources for investment in new projects, arunjaitley had said.
;;0.5106;;finance minister arunjaitley said since the congress leader has used strong words, they should either be expunged or the government be allowed to respond.
;;-0.0772;;during recording of his statement, arunjaitley had told the court that kejriwal and five other aap leaderskumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh, raghav chadha and deepak bajpai had made false and defamatory statements and rejected the charge that he had siphoned out money from ddca for his own benefit.
;;-0.7351;;in his complaint, arunjaitley had said the chief minister and other aap leaders, with common intention, have from december 15 last undertaken a false, malicious and defamatory campaign against him and his family members for political mileage causing irreversible damage to him.
;;0.0;;b'finance minister arunjaitley (pti/file) finance minister arunjaitley (pti/file)finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said government may seek voting on gst constitution amendment bill in rajya sabha in the monsoon session in case congress continues to oppose the long-pending indirect tax law.
;;-0.2516;;and if they dont, then, well have no option but to put it to vote, arunjaitley said in a interview to all india radio.
;;0.8176;;replying questions on gdp, arunjaitley said the country can achieve even better growth rate if there is a favourable monsoon this year and improvement in global economy.
;;0.1864;;referring to direct benefit transfer scheme, arunjaitley said the government is not cutting subsidies but rationalising them with an aim to ensure that the money reaches the poor.
;;-0.34;;in a way,the report was shown to possible suspects, arunjaitley said.
;;0.7351;;under our changed policy, we are in the future going to concentrate not merely in buying from the rest of the world, but encouraging global defence majors in collaboration with indian companies to set up manufacturing units in india, arunjaitley said at a reception hosted by indias ambassador to the us navtej sarna.
;;0.2177;;it is receiving a good response from major manufacturers, arunjaitley said without giving any details.
;;0.0;;but my principal requirement is in finance, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;asked if he remembered the meeting where the proposal for donation for the construction of the stadium and its name were discussed, arunjaitley said during his initial days as ddca president a proposal was mooted that a full stadium be constructed at the feroz shah kotla ground.
;;0.296;;stating that the suggestion was wrong in its entirety, arunjaitley said, to ensure probity in spending, the contact for construction of stadium , through a bidding process, was awarded to a public sector organisation (engineering projects india ltd).
;;0.4215;;asked about the factual controversy of rs 57 crore  which had been corruptly misappropriated and shown as expenses  arunjaitley said the money/funds was spent on creation of sports infrastructure and assets.
;;-0.2987;;finance minister arunjaitley had said earlier that he was not worried about fiscal deficit and government would be able to meet its target despite additional outgo on account of higher pay.
;;0.6249;;addressing the students, arunjaitley said there was a great disconnect in a part of that discourse and the way many of you think.
;;-0.8225;;on may 3, finance minister arunjaitley said india will ask the fatf to put pakistan on a blacklist of countries that fail to meet international standards in stopping financial crime.
;;-0.5267;;(source: pti photo)finance minister arunjaitley on friday said normalcy has been restored within few weeks of the unprecedented decision to recall 86 per cent of the currency in circulation and there is no shortage of notes in market.
;;0.4404;;a few days ago, finance minister arunjaitley had said at a function in mumbai that the stalling gst was providing sadistic pleasure to some people.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newson thursday, swamy had told reporters: jaitleyji kya bole, kya nahi bole isse mujhe kya lena dena (what do i have to do with what arunjaitley says)?
;;0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley had said here last week that doing good work as a civil society organisation does not give the ngos any immunity to work outside the law.
;;-0.7506;;b'the name of dr b r ambedkar was unfairly used in the case of hcu where protests erupted after the suicide by a research scholar rohith vemula, arunjaitley said during an interaction with pti journalists.
;;-0.7506;;(source: pti file) the name of dr b r ambedkar was unfairly used in the case of hcu where protests erupted after the suicide by a research scholar rohith vemula, arunjaitley said during an interaction with pti journalists.
;;-0.7506;;the name of dr b r ambedkar was unfairly used in the case of hcu where protests erupted after the suicide by a research scholar rohith vemula, arunjaitley said during an interaction with pti journalists.
;;0.0;;when asked if the bjp was reaping political dividends by raising the nationalism debate, arunjaitley said, i am not looking for a dividend.
;;-0.6007;;asked if it was an overkill to slap sedition charges against jnu students union president kanhaiya kumar, arunjaitley said it was a legal issue and he would not like to get into it.
;;-0.0772;;attacking the congress, arunjaitley said people from mainstream parties should have thought twice before joining an unlawful assembly which is talking of a jung to break this country.
;;-0.3818;;asked why action has not been taken against party leaders within for making outlandish comments, arunjaitley said in a large political system one will always find a handful of those who can make either loose comments or even unacceptable comments.
;;0.0;;there is a large category of politicians who are always thinking on this kind of tangential kind of reactions because that is the way to be in news, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.4404;;rejecting allegations that the government had made a u-turn in the matter, finance minister arunjaitley later said the nda government would not withhold any information, including the names of account holders, in cases where independent investigation had been done by india and evidence had been collected.
;;0.2732;;venugopal said arunjaitley had told the house that the lokpal bill is with a standing committee while the fact is that parliament has passed it and the president has given his nod as well.
;;0.0;;quoting former speaker g v mavalankar, arunjaitley said when a bill substantially deals with the imposition, abolition etc of a tax, the other provisions necessary for the achievement of the bill cannot take away from it the category of money bills.
;;-0.6249;;nipun malhotra, a disabled-rights activist, who suffers from arthrogryposis, believes that while arunjaitley announced that 500 railways would be made disabled-friendly, that alone wasnt sufficient.
;;0.5719;;to a query on whether special category state status would be granted to andhra pradesh, arunjaitley at a press conference on march 7 had said why not bihar?
;;0.743;;the decision will benefit important projects like the mumbai trans-harbour link (mthl), said finance minister arunjaitley , briefing mediapersons on the decisions taken by the union cabinet.
;;0.7506;;share this article related article government opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money billgovernment opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money bill the lpg puzzlethe lpg puzzle aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arun jaitleyhope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arunjaitley aadhaar bill introduced in lok sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in lok sabha aadhaar gets statutory status; centre to bring bill in two dayswhile wrapping up the debate, arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised, most speakers have actually supported the bill.
;;0.4939;;on the privacy issue, arunjaitley said the bill had provisions for taking care of it.
;;0.3612;;further, about rs 8,000 crore of credits in the undisclosed foreign accounts of indians, whose names were disclosed by the international consortium of investigative journalists (icij), have been detected, finance minister arunjaitley said in a written reply to the rajya sabha.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech for 2014-15 had announced plans to increase fdi in the defence sector and open up the cash-starved government-owned railways.
;;-0.2023;;read also: anupam kher lashes out at intolerance brigadeat the national convention of the bharatiya janata yuva morcha  bjps youth wing  here, arunjaitley said: a strange situation has emerged.
;;0.3632;;in the 1962 war, arunjaitley said, the communists said that china had not attacked, but it was india that had attacked.
;;0.4215;;finance minister arunjaitley said nabard provides refinance to approved financial institutions out of the nrc (long term operation) fund and nrc (stabilisation) fund for undertaking agricultural activities.
;;0.0;;4,000 kilometres are targeted for commissioning during 2017-18, arunjaitley said in his budget speech.
;;0.0;;6 per cent higher than the current level, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting.
;;0.5719;;asked about some states fixing higher price than frp, arunjaitley said that this situation continues as the matter is pending in the supreme court.
;;0.469;;b'arun arunjaitley said the centre has been fully committed to giving the promised funds to the state and there has been no delay on its part.
;;0.469;;(express photo/tashi tobgyal/files) arunjaitley said the centre has been fully committed to giving the promised funds to the state and there has been no delay on its part.
;;0.8519;;(express photo/tashi tobgyal/files)a day after tdp quit nda over lack of financial support, finance minister arunjaitley today said the centre was committed to giving andhra pradesh a special package equivalent to a special category state and has been endlessly waiting for the state government to revert on mechanism of receiving it.
;;-0.6124;;but in january this year, andhra pradesh changed its stance and said it should come via nabard, arunjaitley said adding the centre told the state that such funding would increase its fiscal deficit and restrict borrowing space.
;;-0.4767;;on meeting the revenue deficit faced by the state due to carving out of telangana, arunjaitley said 14th finance commission has already calculated the funds for 2015 to 2020, which the centre will pay.
;;0.5859;;announcing this, finance minister arunjaitley said political parties will be entitled to receive donations by cheque or digital mode from their donors.
;;0.3134;;b'cash crunch: finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
;;0.3134;;cash crunch: finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
;;0.3134;;finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
;;-0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley just announced that the tax burden on start-ups would be simplified.
;;0.0;;briefing about the cabinet meeting, finance minister arunjaitley said the preference to the domestic manufactured goods would be given under the government procurement preference to make in india order 2017.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley , who in budget had proposed reducing the limit of cash donations to political parties from rs 20,000 to rs 2,000 per source, said the recommendation had come from the election commission.
;;-0.0772;;people prefer to give donations in cash because it has anonymity, arunjaitley said, adding we have made a major serious effort to legitimise this.
;;-0.0951;;finance minister arunjaitley , in his speech on february 1, had said that cryptocurrencies were not legal and affirmed to eliminate their usage.
;;0.8519;;when you make comments on steps we are taking on black money, please honestly consider your track record, arunjaitley said attacking the congress whose vice president had last week alleged in lok sabha that the disclosure scheme was fair and lovely to allow conversion of black money into white.
;;0.0;;on disclosure of names of black money, arunjaitley said, we cannot make the names of black money holders public at will.
;;-0.3612;;in another reply, arunjaitley said there has been a rise in deposits made in accounts opened under pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana since november 9, 2016, adding that the 5,100 notices issued to verify suspicious deposits also included such accounts.
;;0.5423;;finance minister arunjaitley said that central government employees will get their two years bonus, which has been pending for some time now.
;;0.1877;;(pti photo/tv grab)there was never any shortage of currency in the aftermath of the decision to demonetise high-value currency, finance minister arunjaitley told the rajya sabha on tuesday while answering a clutch of questions on the issue.
;;0.2732;;as far as the banks are concerned, the rbi was releasing a certain amount of currency through currency chests every day from the 10th of november, when the re-monetisation process had started, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.5574;;on tuesday, arunjaitley was replying to a supplementary question from cpi(m) rajya sabha mp c p narayanan on why the banks were starved of the new notes for such a long time, as arunjaitley had earlier told the house that demonetisation came after nine months of preparations by the government and the rbi.
;;0.0;;when congress member shantaram naik asked about retrenchments after rs 1,000 and rs 500 were suddenly demonetised, arunjaitley said, sir, the overall impact is assessed by the government from time to time.
;;0.2732;;in his reply, finance minister arunjaitley said that the issue had been raised recently in the inter-state council as well, including by west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
;;0.3384;;responding to obriens questions, arunjaitley said that while the amount delivered for some specific schemes may have come down, overall the funds provided to states have been substantially increased.
;;-0.5574;;finance minister arunjaitley had earlier said that the ban has nothing to do with state laws on cow slaughter and concern only with the place of sale.
;;0.3612;;non-ac restaurants will attract a gst of 12 per cent, while the rate for ac restaurants and those with liquor licences will be 18 per cent, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;-0.9062;;addressing a rally in samailpur, the birth place of praja parishad founder pt prem nath dogra, near the industrial township of bari brahmana, arunjaitley said that pakistan adopted this new strategy during 2008 amarnath agitation and then in 2010 after it lost its proxy war through armed terrorists against india.
;;0.296;;this time, a serious situation has erupted, arunjaitley said, accusing pakistan, separatists and religious fundamentalists of having a hand in it.
;;0.6486;;in this challenge, it is the need of the nation that we cannot compromise with its security and integrity, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)the indian media is becoming an agenda-setting institution forcing politicians to respond in line with this changed character of the press, i and b minister arunjaitley said sunday.
;;0.0;;therefore within that media you have to find space for reporting institutions, arunjaitley told at an interaction.
;;0.0;;asked about the perception that the government seems to prefer one-way communication, with even the prime minister not holding a press conference, arunjaitley said he and the government communicate regularly but quipped that just as the character of the media has changed, the character of politicians too has changed.
;;-0.2411;;referring to comments made by him on the media in recent times, arunjaitley said that often a person is not sure of facts even after going through the newspaper or watching tv as there is an overdose of opinion.
;;0.128;;it is here, arunjaitley said, that there is a chance for conventional media to strike back.
;;0.6124;;talking about the growth of fm radio, arunjaitley said that while air news has already been allowed, giving a nod to overall news could take longer.
;;-0.34;;it could be attributed to the business model of a particular company, arunjaitley said on friday in response to a question on mallya, on which he refused to be directly dragged into.
;;0.6192;;responding to a question, arunjaitley said the airlines sector in india is not suffering that much, unlike several other sectors like steel and power.
;;0.4404;;go air is making profits, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;b'arun arunjaitley at a press conference on march 7 had said, why not bihar?
;;0.0;;(pti photo/file) arunjaitley at a press conference on march 7 had said, why not bihar?
;;0.5719;;to a query on whether special category state status would be granted to andhra pradesh, arunjaitley at a press conference on march 7 had said why not bihar?
;;0.6705;;(file photo)finance minister arunjaitley said that for the first time there is popular support for economic reforms in india and the recent election outcomes are indicative of it.
;;0.9062;;the significant part of our economy today is, that there is perhaps for the first time, a huge amount of popular support as far as economic reforms are concerned, arunjaitley said here at a reception hosted in his honour by indian ambassador to the us navtej sarna.
;;0.7351;;some of the issues which are being raised (by congress) are clearly an afterthought, arunjaitley said at the economic times award function here.
;;0.5423;;the last one week you saw the chinese currency and oil prices both converging at the same and therefore creating an upheaval across the world and therefore what is our own ability to sustain this, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0943;;in his reaction to the indian express story of some indians having unaccounted wealth in tax havens, finance minister arunjaitley on monday said those who did not take advantage of the compliance window last year to declare illegal assets abroad will find such adventurism extremely costly.
;;0.204;;with g20 initiatives, fatca and bilateral transactions in place with effect from 2017, the world is going to be a far more transparent institution and therefore, this kind of an adventurism will prove to be extremely costly for those who have indulged in it, arunjaitley said while addressing the annual session of industry body cii.
;;-0.7964;;reacting to congress claim that note ban brought hardship to the farmers, arunjaitley said the opposition should stop bringing in farmers on every issue.
;;-0.5267;;stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money, farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money, said arunjaitley in lok sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, 2017.
;;0.1695;;(source: ndtv)finance minister arunjaitley has said that the budget cannot be delayed on account of state elections.
;;0.5859;;announcing this, finance minister arunjaitley had said political parties will be entitled to receive donations by cheque or digital mode from their donors.
;;0.7506;;responding to objections raised by some mps in rajya sabha to an observation by the supreme court questioning lifelong pensions to retired mps, finance minister arunjaitley said, it is unquestionably a clear constitutional position that public money can only be spent with the authority of parliament, and therefore, parliament is the one and only authority that determines how public funds are to be spent.
;;0.8225;;in his general budget speech last week, finance minister arunjaitley announced an allocation of rs 100 crore for a plan to support about 600 new and existing community radio stations in a bid to encourage growth in this sector.
;;-0.296;;to a question about the possible resignation of bharti  and kalyan singh, now rajasthan governor  arunjaitley said, this case is going on since 1993.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has said this.
;;-0.4767;;during the course, it arrested 18 persons and identified 17 others indulged in alleged money laundering activities following the scrapping of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes on november 8 last year, finance minister arunjaitley said in a written reply to the rajya sabha.
;;-0.4215;;speaking at a function in mumbai, arunjaitley had said, but when he (narasimha rao) became the prime minister, he found that there was no foreign reserves left in its kitty, and that the country was heading towards bankruptcy.
;;0.0323;;i will look into this matter, we stand with her, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6369;;without naming jnu student leader kanhaiya kumar, arunjaitley said during an intervention in the rajya sabha, i expect mainstream parties like congress to be in the forefront of being against these people.
;;0.0;;amid opposition chants that videos of kanhaiyas speech had been doctored, arunjaitley said the government has nothing against a particular student.
;;0.4588;;referring to black money, arunjaitley said the government is proceeding as per the rulebook, and added making public defaulters names via a process other than judicial would indirectly benefit those stocking black money abroad.
;;0.4263;;pm modi has himself requested that this matter be investigated i think its a healthy step that these kind of exposs are being made, finance minister arunjaitley has said.
;;-0.7184;;here is how to decide between epf, ppf and nps epf tax row: will disclose final decision in budget debate, says jaitleyepf tax row: will disclose final decision in budget debate, says arunjaitley under fire from board, government looks to sugarcoat epf taxunder fire from board, government looks to sugarcoat epf tax budget 2016: online petition against retirement tax goes viralcurrently, there is no monetary ceiling on the employer contribution under epf with the only ceiling being that it would be 12 per cent of the salary of the employee member.
;;0.0;;in a written reply to the house on march 20, finance minister arunjaitley said that pnb has apprised that 7,672 lous were issued with validity of 90 days, 20,078 lous were issued with validity of 180 days, 11,224 lous were issued with validity of 365 days, and 2,204 lous were issued with validity of more than 365 days.
;;0.4767;;in respect of private banks, arunjaitley said: reserve bank of india (rbi) has informed that 11 employees have been placed under suspension where bank employees have been found involved in irregular exchange of transaction of specified bank note (sbn) during the phase of demonetisation.
;;0.34;;on january 2, finance minister arunjaitley had said in lok sabha that electoral bonds can be bought for any value, in multiples of rs 1,000, rs 10,000, rs 1 lakh, rs 10 lakh or rs 1 crore.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters, union finance minister arunjaitley said, tax rate under gst will not go up for any of the commodities.
;;0.0;;on wednesday morning, arunjaitley said, for welfare of women and children under various schemes across ministries, i have stepped up allocation from rs 156,528 crore of 2016-17 to rs 1,84,633 crore in 2017-18.
;;0.6486;;this will provide a one-stop conversion support system for empowering rural women with opportunities for employment, skill development, digital literacy, health and nutrition, arunjaitley announced.
;;0.0;;after that the banks will give their report to the department of financial services, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;in his blog, finance minister arunjaitley has said that in a hung assembly, there will be post-poll alliances.
;;0.34;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said it will be erroneous to attribute the sharp slowdown in economic growth in the fourth quarter of 2016-17 solely to demonetisation since several factors, including the global situation, pulled down the gdp growth to 6.
;;0.5574;;resolving non-performing assets (npas) in the banking sector and pushing up private consumption were the two major challenges the government faces, arunjaitley told a press conference to mark three years of the modi government.
;;0.802;;asked if it was now clear that demonetisation led to lower growth, arunjaitley said: what you think is very clear is not very clear.
;;0.4767;;maintaining that high level of npas was a key challenge for the government, arunjaitley said its resolution is work in progress and some action will be taken within the next few days.
;;0.0;;we have now taken other steps and there would be visible action taken under the new mechanism in the next few days, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;on the privatisation of debt-ridden national carrier air india, arunjaitley said niti aayog has already given its recommendations to the civil aviation ministry to explore various options.
;;0.8271;;while noting that boosting private investment in the economy is a challenge, the governments strategic partnership policy in the defence sector will help attract foreign direct investment, said arunjaitley , who is also the union minister for defence and corporate affairs.
;;0.6808;;recounting the series of reform measures taken in the last three years, arunjaitley said the government has restored the credibility of the economy with a decisive and corruption-free regime which has the ability to take decisions in a transparent and market-linked manner.
;;0.5499;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 1 had announced introduction of electoral bonds, which a donor can purchase from authorised banks, but can only redeem through registered accounts of a political party.
;;0.0;;in his budget speech this year, finance minister arunjaitley announced the highest ever allocation of funds to mnrega at rs 48,000 crore.
;;0.0552;;i have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the gst stabilizes itself, we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden, the then finance minister arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the punjab municipal corporation law (extension to chandigarh) amendment bill 2017.
;;0.0;;(file)those advocating the cause of stone pelters in the kashmir valley are playing petty politics, union finance minister arunjaitley said here on sunday.
;;0.25;;whereas pakistan was created only to divide india, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.34;;on april 4, following the first set of reports in the indian express on the panama papers leak, finance minister arunjaitley had announced that a multi-agency panel was being constituted to exclusively probe the offshore entities linked to indians.
;;0.4927;;describing the central governments performance since coming to power in 2014 as very good, arunjaitley said the sad-bjp alliance will contest the polls on the basis of performance and achievements of both the narendra modi and the parkash singh badal-led governments.
;;0.0;;when roy opposed the introduction of the bill, arunjaitley said that the tmc veterans objection was something other than legislative competence.
;;0.3182;;the rbi act is competent to pass that order and therefore, he stands corrected on the second ground also, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;in his budget speech 2016-17, finance minister arunjaitley had announced a total outlay of rs 97,000 crore for the road sector.
;;0.4966;;finance minister arunjaitley (file) finance minister arunjaitley (file)soon after finance minister arunjaitley announced the centres disassociation with loan waivers for farmers, the congress party on tuesday lashed out at the former, saying the bharatiya janata party (bjp) must not make promises they cannot deliver.
;;0.0;;earlier on monday, finance minister arunjaitley had said the centre would not fund for loan waivers for farmers, adding that the states must fund for this on their own expense.
;;-0.743;;pti photo/tv grabunion finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said when the opposition was in power, their fiscal deficit quality was poor as they maintained it by cutting expenditure.
;;0.0;;on inflation, arunjaitley said rbi has now targeted 4 per cent but we are currently at 3.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, arunjaitley also said that while the aap leadership may not be the source of the allegations made against him, he will exercise his right to sue anyone who has repeated a defamatory statement.
;;0.5267;;even false allegations gain credibility, arunjaitley said, asserting that repetition of a libellous statement gives me a cause of action against the person.
;;0.6369;;in a move aimed at promoting transparency in political funding, finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech had announced capping of cash donation from a single source to political parties at rs 2,000 apart from the proposal to introduce electoral bonds.
;;-0.5702;;asked about mitras demand to delay the rollout, finance minister arunjaitley said, others did not share the view.
;;-0.5702;;asked about mitras demand to delay the rollout, finance minister arunjaitley said, others did not share the view.
;;-0.5702;;asked about mitras demand to delay the rollout, finance minister arunjaitley said, others did not share the view.
;;0.4588;;with regard to canteen stores department (csd) canteen, arunjaitley said to maintain the current price levels, half the taxation benefit will be maintained.
;;0.2263;;the council also agreed to set up a committee comprising officials from centre and states to look into the complaints with regard to the anti-profiteering clause that seeks to prevent companies from making undue gains post gst rollout, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4404;;mr arunjaitley further announced setting up or converting some 150,000 subcentres in the country into so-called health & wellness centres which will offer a set of services including maternal and child health services, mental health services, vaccinations against selected communicable diseases, and screening for hypertension, diabetes, and some cancers.
;;-0.296;;there is no exception to this, said finance minister arunjaitley , briefing mediapersons after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.1531;;development fights poverty, it fights backwardness but they are making fun of it, arunjaitley said referring to the congress campaign of vikas gando thayo che (development has gone crazy).
;;-0.5256;;the game of trying to split the state along caste lines is extremely dangerous, arunjaitley , who is the in-charge of gujarat polls, said.
;;0.2732;;asked about gandhi making fun of gst during his campaign tour in south gujarat, arunjaitley said, i firmly believe he has no understanding of this subject, he has not studied it.
;;0.0;;on the issue of demonetisation, arunjaitley said the congress government had not initiated any step against black money.
;;-0.4404;;on the row over the movie padmavati, arunjaitley said the matter concerns the censor board.
;;-0.6249;;, arunjaitley , who is also leader of the house, said the congress decision to challenge the rejection of the impeachment motion notice in the supreme court is a suicidal future move of the congress.
;;0.0;;describing the impeachment motion as poorly drafted, arunjaitley said: unquestionably the impeachment motion was poorly drafted.
;;0.4019;;briefing reporters after the cabinet meeting, finance minister arunjaitley had said the cabinet has in-principle decided to end the colonial-era tradition of presenting budget on last day of february and advance it to help complete the legislative approvals for the annual spending plans and tax proposals before the beginning of the new financial year on april 1.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley has said the growth numbers were a matter of concern, and emphasised the need to work more on policy and investment in the next few quarters.
;;-0.2023;;arun arunjaitley on three years of modi govt: saying that india was nowhere on the global radar three years ago, arunjaitley claimed the modi government inherited corruption and indecision.
;;-0.2023;;(file photo) arunjaitley on three years of modi govt: saying that india was nowhere on the global radar three years ago, arunjaitley claimed the modi government inherited corruption and indecision.
;;0.5859;;(file photo)a day after the government said the gdp growth had slowed down to just above six per cent in the january-march quarter, finance minister arunjaitley , speaking on three years of the modi government, said reforms introduced in the last three years helped in restoring the credibility of the economy.
;;-0.4404;;saying that india was nowhere on the global radar three years ago, arunjaitley claimed the modi government inherited a weak economy.
;;0.3818;;on the slowdown in the gdp growth, arunjaitley said: there are several factors which affect gdp.
;;0.0;;speaking on indias exports, arunjaitley cited the slowdown in global trade, protectionism and geo-political uncertaintiestrade has decreased across the world and this has impacted exports, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.296;;when asked about pakistan targetting indian forward posts across the loc, arunjaitley said: in the past few days our armed forces have been dominating the loc.
;;0.5423;;leading the charge, finance minister arunjaitley said azadi slogans cannot be treated as freedom of speech and slammed congress and its karnataka government, accusing them of indulging in vote bank politics over the issue.
;;0.3724;;an organization, which gets funding from abroad, organized the event and yesterday i read the statement of karnataka home minister in which he said that whatever happened is nothing wrong, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6597;;finance minister arun jailtey (file photo) finance minister arun jailtey (file photo)the narendra modi governments emphasis is on bold decision making and a clean economy with business friendly environment, the returns of which can be spent on the poor, finance minister arunjaitley said on monday.
;;0.9081;;our overall emphasis has been on faster decisions, bolder decisions, a cleaner economy, freedom from black money, freedom from corruption and a friendly environment for doing business so that the larger returns that come to the economy in terms of taxes can be spent on the poor of this country, arunjaitley said, adding that it is the prime ministers approach which has been followed in the recently presented budget.
;;0.7717;;stating that changes are visible in the last two and half years after the modi government came to power, compared to the last 10 years, arunjaitley said the first change is that the prime minister must also be the natural leader of the country or be the natural leader of the ruling party of the government.
;;-0.1027;;the upa government committed two fundamental mistakes in its approach, one in terms of policy and the second in terms of its intention, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;during his budget speech this year, finance minister arunjaitley announced the setting up a micro irrigation fund with a corpus of rs 5,000 crore.
;;0.4404;;in his speech during the union budget 2015-16, finance minister arunjaitley had announced setting up of an autonomous bank board bureau to improve the governance of psu banks.
;;-0.4767;;finance minister arunjaitley , in his budget for 2016-17, had announced the plan, saying the poor do not have access to cooking gas.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said 90 per cent of tax assessees below the annual turnover threshold of rs 1.
;;0.2023;;calling it a significant headway, arunjaitley said, the states would do 50 per cent of assessees above rs 1.
;;0.4939;;on the dissent by mitra, arunjaitley said it was confined to the extent of the 90:10 division between states and the centre, and on other issues, he was in agreement with all other gst council members.
;;0.0;;citing that the whole process will take time till march, arunjaitley said that july 1 will be a more realistic date to roll out gst.
;;0.0;;i requested the ministers to give their opinion about the realistic dates and there was a broad view that july 1 appears to be more realistic, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;on the issue of taxation powers in offshore areas, which was raised by states in the previous gst council meeting, arunjaitley said states will have taxation powers up to 12 nautical miles in offshore areas.
;;-0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley said loans were reportedly given to the businessman during the previous upa rule through intervention of the north block.
;;-0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley said loans were reportedly given to the businessman during the previous upa rule through intervention of the north block.
;;0.0258;;insisting that vijay mallya was not given even a rupee benefit under the modi government, finance minister arunjaitley today said loans were reportedly given to the businessman during the previous upa rule through intervention of the north block, a reference to the finance ministry.
;;-0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley said the pmgky was preceded by similar schemes and the response should not be seen in isolation.
;;0.3182;;finance minister arunjaitley said that the rates of commodities will depend on its consumers, whether rich or common person, but the gst will make them slightly cheaper.
;;0.4019;;in a budgetry proposal, finance minister arunjaitley had announced a cap of rs 2,000 on cash donations to political parties.
;;0.7096;;so, anybody who grew slowly and was satisfied with that growth level was sarcastically referred to as hindu rate of growth, arunjaitley said at the skoch event.
;;0.128;;making a point that the economic literature of 1970s and 1980s taunted india for low growth, arunjaitley said: 1991 was a defining moment for india.
;;0.128;;finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said excessive use of paper currency is detrimental to society and hoped banking transaction charges will fall with the entry of new players.
;;0.4404;;expressing satisfaction that digitisation is expanding at a much faster space than anticipated, arunjaitley said transformation of post offices into a bank will be the next revolution.
;;-0.4404;;watch what else is making news:in an apparent reference to criticism of demonetisation by opposition parties, arunjaitley also said there would have been complaints even before cash or currency was invented and even if it gets eliminated tomorrow.
;;-0.1531;;taking a dig at critics of digital economy, arunjaitley said this will provide adequate response to ill-informed criticism that digital space would only be occupied by credit card revolution.
;;-0.3612;;(source: pti photo)comparing the functioning of the first two years of the narendra modi government with the pace of batting in slog overs, finance minister arunjaitley on friday said that the economy which suffered from policy paralysis has now emerged as the fastest growing one.
;;0.7351;;unlike the previous governments, the present one has started its tenure by engaging in sheer hard work and worked like one works in slog overs, arunjaitley told party workers at the vikas parv here.
;;0.25;;refuting congresss claim that agustawestland was blacklisted during the upa regime, finance minister arunjaitley , in thiruvananthapuram to release the ndas vision document ahead of kerala assembly polls, said: this is a figment of somebodys imagination.
;;0.0;;barun arunjaitley said any individual case could not be discussed in the house.
;;0.0;;(pti/file) arunjaitley said any individual case could not be discussed in the house.
;;0.0;;but tax laws in the country mandate that the names and details of the proceedings cannot be made public till cases are filed in courts, finance minister arunjaitley told lok sabha while replying to a question from bjp mp kirit somaiya.
;;0.34;;finance minister arunjaitley had said that the government will consider a2+fl which includes paid out costs on inputs and imputed value of family labour.
;;0.5859;;political parties will be entitled to receive donations by cheque or digital mode from their donors, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;if the jpc finds that they were innocent,all i can tell you is this jpc report will meet the same fate as bofors, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.2023;;emphasising that the government took the decision on november 8 on rbis recommendations, arunjaitley said the bill would terminate the governments liability towards scrapped notes and also eliminate the possibility of their being used as parallel currency.
;;-0.25;;brushing aside rsp mp n k premchandrans argument [see 5 questions on left] that governments decision was not valid under the rbi act, arunjaitley said, section 26(1) of rbi act is subject to provisions of section 26(2) of the act, which says that on recommendations of the central board of rbi any series of bank notes shall cease to be legal tender.
;;0.0;;calling demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision, arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said the revision in gst rates was considered after receiving several representations from trade and industry.
;;-0.8249;;irrespective of the date on which it starts, some people will say they are not ready, so they have no option but to get ready, arunjaitley said when he was asked about some traders protesting against the july 1 rollout date.
;;0.5023;;now the normal gst rate for these services is 18 per cent but because in these sectors the rate itself has been reduced, for job work in these sectors the rate has been fixed at 5 per cent, so that outsourcing through job work in these sectors could be encouraged, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;the next meeting of the council will be on june 18, which will take up lottery taxes and e-way bill and any other issue which may come up, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;on the issue of review of gst rate on hybrid cars, a detailed paper will be circulated and, after taking comments from states, it will be taken up by the council later, if necessary, arunjaitley said.
;;0.34;;(file/pti photo)as a multi-agency probe continues into leaked panama papers showing alleged offshore tax haven holdings of indians, finance minister arunjaitley today said congress will not have many reasons to celebrate when the details come out in this case.
;;-0.1754;;i have not understood their argument, arunjaitley said in reply to a question on the opposition demand that he should recuse himself for being close to a person named in the leaked documents.
;;0.0;;the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that this is the only effect of the notification.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that this is the only effect of the notification.
;;-0.7003;;following several days of protests, particularly in kerala and tamil nadu, arunjaitley told a press conference in new delhi that the ban imposed by the centre on sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter had nothing to do with state legislations.
;;0.6124;;you have provision in the constitution article 48 (directive principles) which says that certain category of animals have to be protected, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.5267;;finance minister arunjaitley said adopting a fringe position over the issue of impeachment of the cji will hurt the congress immediately in the upcoming karnataka elections.
;;-0.5267;;(file photo) finance minister arunjaitley said adopting a fringe position over the issue of impeachment of the cji will hurt the congress immediately in the upcoming karnataka elections.
;;0.8519;;also read | cji impeachment notice: five reasons why kapil sibal withdrew congress mps petition from supreme courthere is what arunjaitley said:the congress was regarded as the grand old party of indian politics.
;;0.296;;while he did not directly comment on jayalalithaas move to release all seven convicts in the case, arunjaitley said, those who commit such heinous crimes cannot be made a symbol of identity politics.
;;-0.743;;terrorism must attract a deterrent punishment, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4019;;at that time, the concept of special category states did exist, arunjaitley said yesterday.
;;-0.128;;pointing out that executive decisions have three layers of accountability  in that the people can seek changes in its decisions, the courts can strike them down, and they can be voted out by the people  arunjaitley said: courts cannot substitute the executive and say, i (judiciary) will exercise the executive power.
;;0.0;;in an interview in april 2012,arun arunjaitley said that any political party,which has a galaxy of leadership,has to institutionalise a mechanism of selecting its probable prime ministerial face.
;;0.1779;;union finance minister arunjaitley today said the purpose of demonetisation is served as it had led to larger and cleaner gdp.
;;0.5719;;demonetisation was a bold and decisive strike in a series of measures to arrive at a bigger, cleaner and real gdp, arunjaitley told pti at karnali village, around 72 km from here.
;;0.5574;;on the universal basic income (ubi) scheme, mooted in governments economic survey this year, arunjaitley said ubi is an idea worth considering and should be discussed by all the political parties.
;;0.7184;;in his maiden budget speech, finance minister arunjaitley said the government would encourage development of metro rails on a ppp basis and the union government would support these projects through viability gap funding.
;;0.0;;express photo by renuka purilinking aadhaar with filing of income tax returns is a way to curb tax evasion, and action will be taken on big depositors of discontinued currency who have not replied to the income tax departments queries on the source of cash, finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday.
;;0.4767;;fielding criticism from opposition parties such as the congress, the bjd and the tmc over aadhaar being made mandatory for income tax purposes, arunjaitley said in told the lok sabha, yes, we are making aadhaar mandatory.
;;0.3818;;why shouldnt we make use of this technology if it helps us catch tax evaders, arunjaitley asked during his reply to the debate on finance bill, which was passed in the evening.
;;0.5994;;with opposition parties questioning the government over benefits of the demonetisation process, arunjaitley said that tax authorities are conducting big data mining to zero in on those with income disproportionate to cash they deposited during the 50-day process.
;;0.0;;responding to questions over the final tally of deposits received during the demonetisation period, arunjaitley said it will be announced by rbi after every note is counted.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has already said the atm recalibration should be finished by the month-end or first week of the next month.
;;0.7506;;pti photoaddressing party mps at the bjps parliamentary party meeting, finance minister arunjaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
;;0.9052;;terming the decision historic, arunjaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the prime minister has created a new normaltoday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
;;0.397;;in the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, arunjaitley said.
;;0.1531;;watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, arunjaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
;;-0.2484;;live | arunjaitley to be cremated tomorrowadvertisingthe party, in a tweet, said, we are deeply saddened to hear the passing of shri arun jaitley.
;;0.6705;;(file photo)finance minister arunjaitley today said indias act east policy will help in improving connectivity and relationship with south-east and east asian countries.
;;-0.3612;;stressing that sasec members should stand together in times of crisis, arunjaitley said india has always played a pro-active role to support the neighbours.
;;0.4019;;about initiatives taken by india, arunjaitley said the country together with nepal is building a cross-border power transmission line to help in the distribution of electricity from power projects being developed in nepal.
;;-0.128;;the sasec vision is expected to help the member countries overcome the problems and challenges associated with unemployment, macroeconomic and structural vulnerabilities, access and integration, and limited investment and growth, arunjaitley said.
;;0.2263;;a decision on his successor would be announced shortly, arunjaitley said on his facebook page.
;;0.2023;;uttar pradesh is a significant state and the partys position in 2012 assembly elections will prepare the ground for the nda to come into power at the centre in 2014, arunjaitley told the leaders.
;;0.4215;;a day after finance minister arunjaitley said it will be erroneous to attribute the slowdown in economic growth in the last quarter of 2016-17 solely to demonetisation, congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said the best way to describe the governments reaction was utter confusion, perplexity, hypocrisy, bewilderment and bemusement.
;;0.0;;in the union budget 2018, finance minister arunjaitley announced a 100 per cent tax deduction for farmer producer companies (fpcs) for the next five years.
;;-0.6261;;(source: pti photo)justifying action against jnu and hyderabad university students, finance minister arunjaitley on friday said if slogans are openly raised for persons who bombed mumbai or attacked parliament then one must expect some ideological reaction from those who do not agree with this.
;;0.6369;;referring to his days as a protester during the emergency, arunjaitley said, i had spent 19 months in jail and our commitment to freedom of speech is second to none.
;;-0.4588;;citing the 2001 parliament attack, arunjaitley said even in this case, one man was found guilty and his supporters organised celebrations in jnu campus.
;;-0.4215;;asked if india would ever get rid of reservations, arunjaitley said, the historical backlog of deprivation is so largethat i dont think that even after 68 years of post independence and almost 64 years of constitution, we have really set it apart.
;;0.0;;the tribals have still not been benefited significantly, arunjaitley said, adding that india may not be able to get rid of reservations for a long time.
;;0.4263;;about vijay mallya, arunjaitley said, the banks never allow lawyers to come up in hearing of wilful defaulterwhat is so special about him.
;;0.4263;;about vijay mallya, arunjaitley said, the banks never allow lawyers to come up in hearing of wilful defaulterwhat is so special about him.
;;0.0772;;these bills tend to correct that balance, finance minister arunjaitley said in the rajya sabha in reply to a debate during which a number of mps spoke about vijay mallya and sought stringent action against him.
;;0.1027;;the overall objective of these amendments is to empower the banking system legally and expeditiously to be in a position to get the monies back, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.2716;;about mallya, arunjaitley said, the most controversial case going on of the person who has not paid and has now moved on to london.
