;;-0.296;;the period from 1984 to 1998 was one of cover-up where all cases were buried as though the 1984 genocide had not happened, arunjaitley said in an article that he posted on facebook.
;;0.5719;;the achievement is significant because we have been trying for the last few years to improve our rankings on all the 10 parameters of measurement, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters who attended a media conference here that coincided with the release of the report in washington.
;;0.3182;;the steep prices of essential goods could be linked to the huge distance between northeast and rest of india, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;bangladesh can also earn a lot through the transport  the government of india should continue to pursue this, arunjaitley said.
;;0.5106;;finance minister arunjaitley during the post-budget address to the rbi board on monday picture by prem singhfinance minister arunjaitley on monday said india needed mega banks that were strong.
;;0.8779;;india needs fewer and mega banks which are strong because in every sense, from borrowing rates to optimum utilisation, the economies of scale, as far as the banking sector is concerned, are of great help, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;now it is the second one which is taking place, arunjaitley said after the customary post-budget address to the rbi board on monday.
;;-0.0516;;finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said the decision to send two senior cbi officers on leave was taken by the government on the recommendation of the central vigilance commission.
;;0.0;;now the revenue wing of the government is taking the view that kickbacks and bribes were paid and income tax is payable on them, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4005;;it will give them the capacity to bear high risk, avail economies of scale, take higher investment decision and create more value for stakeholders, finance minister arunjaitley had said in the budget.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting that the gst exemption limit for the northeastern states is being doubled to rs 20 lakh.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting that the gst exemption limit for the northeastern states is being doubled to rs 20 lakh.
;;0.4767;;in his response, finance minister arunjaitley said, the government has not taken any decision as is anticipated by the honourable member.
;;0.6597;;to another query by congress leader ripun bora on whether special category status to eight northeastern states and three himalayan states has been discontinued, the arunjaitley said, northeastern states and three himalayan states have a special category funding even under the recommendations of the 14th finance commission.
;;0.0772;;new delhi, july 10: finance minister arunjaitley today announced that five new iits and an equal number of iims would be set up this year, continuing with the previous governments efforts to widen access to higher education.
;;0.2732;;the allocation for sts has been increased to rs 31,920 crore, arunjaitley had said in his budget speech on february 1.
;;0.0;;i propose to set aside a sum of rs 500 crore for this, arunjaitley said in his budget speech on thursday.
;;-0.8402;;a huge sum of public money has been eaten up in the 2g spectrum scam, commonwealth games scam and others while the scandal in the nc hills district (now dima hasao) took place under congress rule in the state, arunjaitley said while addressing the media here.
;;0.4939;;in assam, a big corrupt government is in power and the congress leaders here are making vulgar display of wealth during filing of their nominations, arunjaitley said.
;;0.5423;;the bjp was strengthening its base in assam and a strong bjp was necessary to defeat the ruling congress in the state, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.5106;;finance minister arunjaitley told the lok sabha on monday that part of the rbis reserves can be used for bank recapitalisation or for poverty alleviation.
;;0.1027;;replying to the debate on the governments supplementary demand for grants, arunjaitley said: does india need to have 27-28 per cent (as capital reserves for the rbi).
;;0.6597;;it is proposed to develop 10 prominent tourist sites into iconic tourism destinations by following a holistic approach involving infrastructure and skill development, development of technology, attracting private investment, branding and marketing, finance minister arunjaitley said in his budget speech.
;;0.4588;;it is no longer possible to keep a luxury item like gold outside the ambit of tax indefinitely, finance minister arunjaitley told lawmakers in the rajya sabha, prompting a walk-out by the members of the congress and samajwadi party in the rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;the excise on gold will have to be paid, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6124;;the policy aims to create and exploit synergies between all forms of intellectual property, statutes concerned and agencies, finance minister arunjaitley said today and added that the window for trademark registration will be brought down to one month by 2017.
;;0.6486;;it is beyond comprehension that the congress party expects the prime minister of india to apologise for it, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.296;;there will be no exceptions, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters.
;;-0.6249;;intervening at this juncture, the bjps arunjaitley , said the communal violence bill encroached on the states powers.
;;0.4019;;this bill is beyond the legislative competence of the parliament, said arunjaitley , a view echoed by mps of other opposition parties including the trinamul congress.
;;0.3818;;1 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday that india is expected to register a growth rate of 7.
;;0.0;;5 per cent in the second half of the current fiscal, arunjaitley said in the lok sabha.
;;-0.631;;osaka, june 5 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley has said india can handle the current level of crude prices but higher rates will impact the economy and lead to inflationary pressure.
;;0.1779;;if it goes beyond the range, certainly it creates an adversity, arunjaitley , who was in japan on a six-day visit, said.
;;0.0;;a day after arunjaitley told the opposition on wednesday night that your ill-advised statement is being used by pakistan to bolster its case, some of those across the border did as the finance minister had prophesied.
;;0.0;;our tariffs are not decided by the constitutional caps, finance minister arunjaitley had said.
;;0.2023;;finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the government could look at merging the 12 per cent and 18 per cent slabs in the gst structure and taking cement off the top bracket of 28 per cent.
;;0.3612;;film & television institute of india (ftii), pune, and satyajit ray film & television institute, calcutta, are proposed to be accorded the status of the institute of national importance, arunjaitley said while presenting the general budget on thursday.
;;0.2732;;the impact of the demonetisation and the gst is well behind us, finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday after the numbers were announced.
;;0.0;;since may 2014 (when the modi government assumed office), the economy has risen by more than 7 per cent in eight of the 13 quarters; it's only in one quarter - the first quarter of this year - when it fell below 6 per cent, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;it has been a tradition and it has happened several times that parliament sessions are rescheduled when an election is happening, finance minister arunjaitley said in rajkot.
;;0.0;;the revision of gdp estimation methodology is a continuous process and attempts to discredit it were unwarranted, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3182;;i intend to provide necessary incentives for reits which will have pass through for the purpose of taxation, union finance minister arunjaitley said while announcing the 2014-14 budget today.
;;0.0;;it has been proposed to the council to fix the rate of these items at 26 per cent, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3818;;such opportunities do not come again and again, finance minister arunjaitley said, briefing the media on modi's speech.
;;0.3818;;fortunately, we are on the cusp of making history wherein the last few decades india has started making full utilisation of those opportunities and that seems to be the course to go ahead, finance minister arunjaitley said while releasing the documents.
;;0.7506;;27: finance minister arunjaitley today said banks, especially psus, will be armed better to resolve stressed assets as he expects winter session of parliament to clear amends to the prevention of corruption act.
;;0.0;;we have decided to hold an informal meeting on november 20 to take a final view, finance minister arunjaitley said after a meeting of the gst council in new delhi, where state finance ministers were present.
;;-0.6801;;these worries are real because the spillover impact of such policies on other parts of the world could be extremely adverse, arunjaitley said at a brics seminar on investment flows here today ahead of the five-nation summit in goa beginning from saturday.
;;-0.0516;;without naming donald trump, the republican candidate for us presidency, and his promises to bring in trade protection measures at the campaigns, arunjaitley said, i think the fears are real because the us is increasingly becoming more and more protectionist.
;;-0.6753;;unfortunately, the country is not uniformly blessed with perennial rivers, arunjaitley said today.
;;0.6124;;1 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley said the upa's ease of doing corruption has been replaced by nda's ease of doing business.
;;0.5719;;india became the world's fastest-growing major economy on the back of a spurt in public spending, and if the private sector joins the bandwagon it will create more engines to spur growth, arunjaitley said at the madhya pradesh global investor summit here today.
;;0.7783;;stating that he is clear that india at this historical junction has advantages, arunjaitley said the instinct and desire to grow has now flowed to the states and it has been decentralised.
;;0.0;;at a media conference, arunjaitley claimed that the congress was getting high trps on pakistan television.
;;0.0;;but there is revulsion as far as domestic opinion in india is concerned, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;the cag (comptroller and auditor general) has already analysed it, arunjaitley said.
;;0.1027;;the pay commission had earlier recommended abolition of 56 allowances, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6249;;the rationale is that as the inflation rises and da crosses the 25-per cent mark, the employee should benefit in terms of hra as well, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;1 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley on thursday announced a capital expenditure of rs 1.
;;0.0;;most of this money will be spent on capacity expansion, since it is a priority for the national transporter, arunjaitley said while presenting the union budget.
;;0.0;;48 lakh crore to be allocated for railways in next fiscal, arunjaitley said.
;;0.8176;;laying out a roadmap for the indian railways, arunjaitley said the focus would be on modernisation of signalling, use of fog safety devices, better passenger amenities and safety in the coming year.
;;-0.4939;;the idea is to contain the damage, arunjaitley told reporters.
;;-0.0772;;16: finance minister arunjaitley today said funding to shore up public sector banks saddled with the bulk of bad loans in the industry has budgetary constraints and lenders should take a greater initiative to find buyers for such sticky assets.
;;0.0;;obviously banks would prefer more funds for recapitalisation but there are budgetary constraints, arunjaitley told a news conference after meeting senior state bankers in new delhi.
;;0.0;;they have been making efforts to do that, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.886;;npa sectors arunjaitley said steps had been taken in two industrial sectors - infrastructure and steel - which had the worst bad loan problem and hoped at some stage this problem could start to see a reversal.
;;-0.2023;;jan dhan accounts on the controversy over some bankers depositing re 1 in jan dhan accounts to keep the number of zero balance account low, arunjaitley said: in case of a few accounts, this issue has arisen and there are names of four banks.
;;0.0;;slow moving banks have been asked to rectify this and meet the target, arunjaitley said.
;;0.1779;;in order to guard against these risks, policy frameworks would have to be strengthened by accumulating buffers and deleveraging balance sheets, finance minister arunjaitley said at the annual fall meeting of the international monetary fund and world bank.
;;0.6808;;gains from product and labour market reforms and strengthening of risk management practices to address balance sheet vulnerabilities will help to further enhance resilience, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.2732;;manmohan singh has kept the chief vigilance commissioner, p.c. thomas, on his post despite the fact that the latter was faced with numerous charges of corruption, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.8126;;describing the arrest of a. raja as an eyewash, arunjaitley said that the prime minister was taking no effective action to catch the real culprits involved in the 2g spectrum scam, adarsh housing and commonwealth games scandals.
;;0.6705;;the package will help in realising the true potential of employment generation in the textile and apparel sector, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.4215;;in assam also, some apolitical organisations and persons are protesting the massive corruption by tarun gogoi-led government, arunjaitley said, addressing the media here.
;;0.0;;a wave for change of guard has already swept across assam and only a change of government here will make a difference, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.6808;;cases were filed based on fake evidence to create the theory of hindu terror, arunjaitley told a news conference, a day after a haryana court that acquitted the accused pointed out loopholes in the probe by the national investigating agency.
;;-0.3818;;on the eve of the first anniversary of the november 8 demonetisation of 500- and 1000-rupee notes that wiped out 86 per cent of the currency in circulation then, arunjaitley said the government has met its objective of reducing cash in the economy, ending anonymity of cash, bringing in more individuals in the tax net and dealing a body blow to black money.
;;-0.5859;;97 crore to the reserve bank of india through its fraud monitoring reporting system, arunjaitley said in reply to a question raised by congress mp wansuk syiem.
;;-0.34;;new delhi, may 20: finance minister arunjaitley has claimed that the biggest political takeaway from the assembly elections has been the significant setback suffered by the congress.
;;0.6486;;the truth coming out is in the larger national interest, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.25;;new delhi, july 22 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley today said india had avoided any adverse impact of brexit and emerged as a safe haven for investors around the world.
;;0.56;;india has not only avoided the adverse impacts, but it has in fact emerged as a safe haven for investors around the world, arunjaitley said in a written reply.
;;0.6808;;by virtue of its domestic policies, india is seen as a haven of stability and opportunity in these turbulent times, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.25;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said demonetisation resulted in formalisation of economy and increased tax base, prompting the government to earmark more resources for the poor and infrastructure development.
;;0.0772;;in a facebook post on the second anniversary of demonetisation, arunjaitley said in first four years of the national democratic alliance government, the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6.
;;-0.4404;;terming the criticism, that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, as ill-informed, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
;;0.0;;this would obviously have an impact on higher tax revenue and a higher tax base, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6597;;to maintain the institutional integrity of the cbi and in the interest of fairness, purely as an interim measure, they (the two cbi officers) will sit out by going on leave for a certain period of time till the sit investigates the charges against them, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0258;;its obvious that defence noting of sensitive interests to the country have been leaked, arunjaitley said, asked about the newspapers articles on the rafale controversy.
;;0.1531;;india, arunjaitley said, has peculiar characteristics of having quite high percentage of domestic savings.
;;0.6597;;30 (pti): india has standardised itself for a 7-8 per cent growth in its economy on the back of improving macroeconomic fundamentals, finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday.
;;-0.128;;india has standardised itself ordinarily for a growth rate between 7 to 8 per cent, arunjaitley said, referring to the gross domestic product.
;;0.0;;on the announcement of the next governor, arunjaitley said: we will let you know when we decide.
;;0.0;;it will go on as it has till now, finance minister arunjaitley said during a briefing on decisions taken by the union cabinet today.
;;0.0;;this would translate into an additional investment of rs 10 lakh crore by 2030-31, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.0;;one is healthcare and one is agriculture, arunjaitley said at a health conference organised by the cii.
;;0.7096;;it is a welfare issue, whether the patients in my state are better than the patients in other states, arunjaitley said, adding that every state will benefit if theres a co-ordination with a federal institution between the centre and the states.
;;0.624;;the scheme has proved to be really successful, arunjaitley said.
