;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said the reserve bank of india (rbi) has not come out with an estimate of scrapped notes that came back into the system after november 8 as the process of computing those notes was still on and the central bank will not give out numbers hurriedly.
;;-0.2912;;the demonetisation exercise, which has led to a surge of low cost funds into the banking sector, will not only help in expanding the size of the formal economy but also eventually push up tax collections, arunjaitley said in the lok sabha on thursday.
;;0.0;;reiterating that usage of cash leads to parallel economy, arunjaitley said the cash-to-gdp ratio in india is 12.
;;0.6486;;banking stocks gained traction today on expectation of announcement of policy for quick settlement of npas shortly which kept positive vibes in the market, said vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services ltd.promising a solution to the growing npa problem in the next few days, arunjaitley said yesterday that the resolution being worked out with the rbi will put enough pressure on borrowers to settle dues.
;;-0.6808;;to obviate any confusion on the subject, i categorically state that the central government has no plan to impose any tax on agriculture income, arunjaitley said in a statement.
;;0.2023;;finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday he is hopeful of rolling out the biggest tax reform gst from july 1 that will make goods and services cheaper and tax evasion difficult.
;;0.4588;;demonetisation, arunjaitley said, will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy, and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the gdp and make it cleaner.
;;0.0258;;it will increase the volume of taxation, there is no tax on tax and therefore makes goods, commodities and services little cheaper and far more convenient, arunjaitley said at the 23rd commonwealth auditors general conference in delhi.
;;0.7506;;the laws which enable this (gst) are now before parliament which hopefully should get cleared and once they do get cleared then by the middle of this year we hope to see the implementation as far as this law is concerned, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;once implemented what is currently the most complicated tax system in the world will become one of the simplest tax system in the world, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said the four bills that are crucial for the rollout of the goods and service tax (gst) will be introduced in the lok sabha by early next week and the rate structure would be worked out after march.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said on saturday india aspires to be a more open economy and stay away from protectionism.
;;0.4588;;an aspirational india poised to be more open and less protectionist, arunjaitley said in his lecture on transforming india: vision for the next decade at the london school of economics, adding that countrys emphasis is on infrastructure and rural sectors.
;;0.0;;when farmers talk about loan waiver, (finance minister) arunjaitley says the centre does not have any policy for it.
;;0.0;;reasoning why the new concept of political funding through electoral bonds was made part of the budget and the finance bill, arunjaitley said in 2001 and again in 2010, electoral reforms were part of the finance bill.
;;0.128;;in the budget for 2017-18, finance minister arunjaitley said a digigaon initiative will be launched to provide tele-medicine, education and skills through digital technology.
;;-0.1027;;the congress party as the cry baby of this election, is leading the pack, arunjaitley said.
;;0.128;;referring to prime minister narendra modis appeal to first time voters that they should keep in mind the sacrifice of martyrs while casting vote, arunjaitley said no party or candidate was mentioned.
;;0.0;;referring to modis comment in wardha about rahul gandhi contesting from wayanad, arunjaitley said the prime minister only commented on the demographic composition of the constituency.
;;0.5106;;another illustration of congress approaching election commission, arunjaitley said, relates to the gandhi family principle of restrictive free speech.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said on saturday the government will come out with a framework on the electoral bonds scheme after detailed discussions with the rbi and other stakeholders.
;;0.3818;;issuance of electoral bonds would ensure that only legitimate, tax paid, accounted money comes into the political system, arunjaitley had said.
;;0.4215;;for the railway sector, arunjaitley announced a rs 100,000 crore fund for railway safety and a focus on cleanliness, among other measures.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday announced that the government will establish five special tourism zones in the next financial year.
;;0.4019;;five special tourism zones anchored on spv (special purpose vehicle) will be set up in partnership with the states, arunjaitley said, presenting the union budget 2017-18 in the lok sabha.
;;0.0;;the contraction in industrial production in december as per the latest data is the fallout of demonetisation and expansion is expected in the coming months, finance minister arunjaitley said on friday.
;;0.2247;;this is the demonetisation period and compared to november, december was more challenging for the reason that in many areas old currency was allowed to operate, arunjaitley told cnbc tv18 in an interview.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of atms on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
;;0.3612;;further, about rs 8,000 crore of credits in the undisclosed foreign accounts of indians, whose names were disclosed by the international consortium of investigative journalists (icij), have been detected, finance minister arunjaitley said in a written reply to the rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;in the budget 2017-18 speech on february 1, finance minister arunjaitley announced capital infusion of rs 10,000 crore for the next fiscal beginning april 1.
;;0.0772;;finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said the whole debate over the political cost of economic reforms has dissipated with the benefits reaching the deprived sections of society.
;;0.4005;;it will give them capacity to bear higher risks, avail economies of scale, take higher investment decisions and create more value for the stakeholders, arunjaitley had said in his budget speech on february 1.
;;0.4019;;rbi is at a fairly advanced stage of preparing a list of those debtors where resolution is required through insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc) process, and you will be shortly hearing about it, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the morning session of a meeting in new delhi with heads of public sector banks called to review the situation on non-performing assets (npas).
;;0.1779;;since the banking industry will also be liable to pay the goods and services tax (gst), in the afternoon session the bankers will meet revenue secretary hasmukh adhia and other officials of certain departments of governments, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;when asked if the government was considering further consolidation of public sector banks, arunjaitley said efforts were on in that direction.
;;0.7351;;based on intelligence reports, the department carried out searches and surveys in over 1,100 cases during the two-month period ending january 10, 2017 leading to seizure of cash and valuables, finance minister arunjaitley said in a written reply in the rajya sabha today.
;;0.4939;;as part of the operation clean money launched on january 31, 2017, arunjaitley said the i-t department would leverage technology and data analysis for e-verification of cash deposits made during the demonetisation period.
;;0.1779;;finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said the bulk of non-performing assets of public sector banks have arisen out of loans disbursed before 2014, before the bjp came to power at the centre.
;;-0.7717;;2014, arunjaitley said, listing aggressive lending practice and lack of risk assessment as causes for the losses.
;;0.0772;;since these are not hidden anymore, the number has gone up, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;again, in response to shekhars query on why the government does not waive off loans for farmers as it has done for corporate houses, arunjaitley said the government has not waived off loans to corporate houses.
;;0.0;;it functions with anonymity and within a virtual community, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.7184;;finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the finance ministry is debating the two innovative suggestions made by the latest economic survey  universal basic income (ubi) and creation of bad bank  to deal with the unacceptable levels of bad loans.
;;-0.0772;;air indias market share on saturday is around 14 per cent while the debt is rs 50,000 crore while the government has not put in money in private carriers, arunjaitley said at a ddnews programme.
;;0.0;;then they can also do 100 per cent, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley today said sebi is evolving as per the requirements of the economy and markets as a professional organisation, as he discussed his budget initiatives with the markets regulator.
;;0.2023;;after addressing sebis board and top officials at a customary post-budget meeting, arunjaitley said he also discussed the future agenda for the capital markets regulatory body, including the evolving technological and policy changes.
;;0.0;;sebi is a professional organisation with a considerable experience in this line and has been evolving as per the needs of the economy and the markets itself, arunjaitley told reporters after his post-budget address to sebis board.
;;0.5849;;rahuls statement quoted in a media organisation yesterday that i have dismantled modis image was a give-away, arunjaitley said, asking how can the image of a person (narendra modi) be damaged when he is riding perhaps at the peak of his popularity and someone who is known to be incredibly honest.
;;0.0;;he only talks but does not listen, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;they tend to become megalomaniacs, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6901;;unacceptability of a commoner challenging the dynast and defeating him led to both envy and revenge, arunjaitley said, adding that modi was considered a strong and a popular leader whose delivery systems were extremely clear and who had enforced honesty in public life.
;;0.6705;;expressing satisfaction that he was announcing the first combined budget, arunjaitley said that this would bring about a synergy to provide for an equitable growth.
;;0.3818;;finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said india is expected to become the third largest economy in the world by 2030 with gdp touching usd 10 trillion, helped by consumption and investment growth.
;;-0.5994;;answering a question at the london school of economics on the turmoil in delhis ramjas college, arunjaitley said there was no space for violence, but there should be a debate whether assaulting the countrys sovereignty should be permitted under the idea of free speech.
;;0.1027;;answering a question on banks and loan defaults, and without naming london-based businessman vijay mallya, who is wanted in india in connection with alleged economic offences, arunjaitley said: there is a series of steps which we have taken about money stashed abroad  from legislation to an opportunity to declare to cooperate with g20 countries to a recent understanding with switzerland  these are all steps which have to be taken in parallel.
;;0.3773;;the indian economy, arunjaitley said, is now comfortably placed, despite all the challenges, to grow at a reasonable pace.
;;0.5994;;after the cabinet meeting yesterday, finance minister arunjaitley said the government took some important decisions in respect of the banking sector.
;;0.5574;;finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday that india was committed to investing in nepals key sectors like hydropower and irrigation, besides connecting the country to its rail network.
;;0.3612;;in his meeting with prachanda, arunjaitley said foreign direct investment is a key driver for development in countries like nepal.
;;0.0;;india was a part of the fragile five during the former pms time, arunjaitley said in another tweet.
;;0.743;;emphasizing the need for increasing the world bank portfolio in india, arunjaitley said an increase in ibrd (international bank for reconstruction and development) support is imperative to meet the current requirement of $5-7 billion for a huge pipeline of projects.
;;0.7506;;a shift to digital payments has huge benefits for the common man it has a transformative impact in terms of greater formalisation of the economy and mainstreaming of financial savings into the banking system, arunjaitley told parliament.
;;0.0;;conveying indias views directly to the trump administration, finance minister arunjaitley told the us thursday it must consider the contribution of indian professionals to its economy as it conducts a review of a temporary visa programme for high-skilled foreign workers.
;;0.7351;;while several opposition parties and the indrajit gupta committee have proposed state funding to offer a level playing field for parties with less money, arunjaitley said, i am open to the idea.
;;-0.4939;;taking a cue from the pm, arunjaitley said the government had come up with solutions to bring about transparency in electoral funding but if the opposition found fault with every reform, it wont take us anywhere.
;;0.0;;talking about the new reforms to check unaccounted money in the political system, arunjaitley said the proposed electoral bonds will maintain anonymity of donors.
;;0.0;;through purchasing electoral bonds, they can keep their identity secret, but the money would come on paper, arunjaitley said.
;;0.8481;;finance minister arunjaitley may announce several measures to revamp farm infrastructure and support farmers as the national democratic alliance government seeks to win over this politically important section of society before crucial state elections next month, a top official familiar with the matter said.
;;0.1027;;finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said that the goods and services tax (gst) council has cleared the draft compensation law -- one of the four enabling laws under the gst constitutional amendment.
;;0.1027;;its legally vetted draft came before the council and was the first law formally passed, arunjaitley said here at a press conference.
;;0.0;;without getting into the larger issue of whether a person can inherit his grandmothers caste, the congress has suddenly decided to proclaim its president rahul gandhi as janeu-dhari brahmin, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.4767;;singh, arunjaitley said, had claimed that the batla house encounter during the upa government was a fake one and carried on a campaign in support of the terrorists and against the security forces.
;;0.0;;elections, after all, are a convenient season for all the neo-converts, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.5423;;the number of persons under the tax net has increased by 91 lakh as unaccounted cash lost anonymity post note ban, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.3182;;stating that as many as 91 lakh persons have come under the tax net, arunjaitley said he expects further increase in tax returns going ahead.
;;0.3818;;affordable housing will now be given infrastructure status, which will enable these projects to avail the associated benefits, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;moreover, arunjaitley said that the 30 sq meter limit will apply only in case of municipal limits of four metropolitan cities while for the rest of the country, including in the peripheral areas of metros, limit of 60 sq meter will apply.
;;0.0;;for builders for whom constructed buildings are stock-in-trade, i propose to apply this rule only after one year of the end of the year in which completion certificate is received so that they get some breathing time for liquidating their inventory, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;this is likely to give the exchequer an additional rs 2,700 crore, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.3612;;stressing on the need to widen the tax base, arunjaitley said india was largely a tax non-compliant society.
;;0.0772;;the number of people showing income more than rs 50 lakh in the country was only 172,000, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;25 lakh crore, arunjaitley said replying to lawmakers query on the finance bill.
;;0.3818;;speaking at the 23rd commonwealth auditors general conference, arunjaitley also said india can attain economic growth of 7-8  and even higher if the global economy picks up.
;;0.4588;;justifying demonetisation, arunjaitley said it will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy, and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the gdp and make it cleaner.
;;0.0258;;it will increase the volume of taxation, there is no tax on tax and therefore makes goods, commodities and services little cheaper and far more convenient, arunjaitley said.
;;0.7506;;the laws which enable this (gst) are now before parliament which hopefully should get cleared and once they do get cleared then by the middle of this year we hope to see the implementation as far as this law is concerned, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;once implemented what is currently the most complicated tax system in the world will become one of the simplest tax system in the world, arunjaitley said.
;;0.5106;;as regards growth, arunjaitley said india would continue to remain amongst the fastest growing economies of the world.
;;0.4299;;the rhetoric of protectionism in developed economies and unpredictable global slowdown have not affected india and it is determined to grow with focus on investments, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.4767;;in respect of private banks, arunjaitley said: reserve bank of india (rbi) has informed that 11 employees have been placed under suspension where bank employees have been found involved in irregular exchange of transaction of specified bank note (sbn) during the phase of demonetisation.
;;-0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley said the pmgky was preceded by similar schemes and the response should not be seen in isolation.
;;0.2263;;ideally it should have exited decade and a half ago but that hasnt happened, arunjaitley said.
;;0.34;;asked if he was confident of finding buyers considering the high debt air india has, arunjaitley said the debt had multiple components, including assets like aircrafts.
;;-0.1045;;speaking at the same event, finance minister arunjaitley said the revenue department and the ed had a very important role to play in indias war against black money.
;;-0.5859;;on february 1, arunjaitley said in his budget speech the government aims to cut the fiscal deficit to 3.
;;0.0;;25 lakh crore, arunjaitley said replying to lawmakers query on the finance bill.
;;0.0;;the last date for gst roll out is september 15 but we are trying it from july, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;the estimated revenue forgo vis-a-vis this measure is expected to be rs 7,200 crore per annum, arunjaitley said in his speech.
;;-0.4404;;for small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) with turnover of up to rs 2 crore, arunjaitley said the presumptive tax would be lowered from 8  to 6 , a move that will lower financial burden and give the much-needed boost to small merchants.
;;0.7184;;indias economy should get a lift from the launch of the goods and services tax (gst), finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday, putting a brave face on a slowdown in growth that followed a government crackdown on black money.
;;0.0;;there are several factors which can contribute to gdp in a particular quarter, arunjaitley told a news conference.
;;0.4215;;resolution of the bank non-performing loans is still a work in progress, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.34;;, arunjaitley saidin the same event at london , arunjaitley said without naming businessman vijay mallya that he uses meetings with british counterparts to raise the issue of individuals wanted in india for economic and other offences who are taking refuge in britain.
;;0.0;;those who have not given details would be issued with notices as per procedure, finance minister arunjaitley said during question hour.
;;-0.8402;;but banks are also hiring experts to develop firewalls around their system to make it increasingly difficult to breach it, arunjaitley said, adding that technology has to keep pace with crime.
;;-0.5267;;in his written response, arunjaitley said as on march 31, 2016, 29 per cent of the savings accounts of public sector banks and regional rural banks sponsored by them were inoperative or lying dormant.
;;0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022.
;;0.4019;;speaking at the opening session of start-up india movement, arunjaitley on saturday said the campaign will help change conventions while the government will only be a facilitator for start-ups.
;;0.0516;;we are fully conscious of the adverse situation in which we are struggling to keep respectable growth rates in indian economy, arunjaitley said at the launch event.
;;0.7003;;acknowledging the legitimate expectation of relief in the middle class and cash-only informal sector, arunjaitley said the budget will help beat the fallout of the governments demonetisation initiative.
;;0.6705;;there will also be a aadharpay, which will be useful for people who do not have debit and credit cards, and net banking facility, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;to further bolster the cashless transactions, arunjaitley said that sidbi will refinance merchants and businesses based on transaction history.
;;0.0;;there will be an amendment in the law, and a new payments regulatory board will be constituted, replacing the exiting one, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4019;;in his budget speech on wednesday, arunjaitley said the move was based on a proposal made by a special investigation team (sit) on black money.
;;0.0;;the rs 3 lakh limit on payment by cash we have put along with pan card limits on unaccounted expenditure de-incentivises the use of cash, arunjaitley told ht in an interview after his budget speech.
;;0.6808;;finance minister arunjaitley today said that he expected the rbi to cut interest rate but respect its decision to hold status quo.
;;0.0;;at the time of the launch of the fund, arunjaitley had said it is expected to catalyse tens of thousands of crores of equity investment in start-ups and msmes.
;;0.4019;;the situation where the centre will help one state and not the others will not arise, arunjaitley said in the rajya sabha.
;;0.7479;;finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday the philosophy behind his budget is to spend more on identified success stories and carrying on with the governments campaign against black money, hours after unveiling measures to assure the country that the impact of demonetisation would wear off soon.
;;0.0;;15pm: arunjaitley has said indian railways will focus on four major areas.
;;0.0;;however, arunjaitley said there was one constraint the government was facing.
;;0.0;;the reserve bank of india has come out with several guidelines and schemes under which the banks have been empowered, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3818;;outlining these schemes, arunjaitley said there was an insolvency law in place and there was another action which the government has in the pipeline in order to resolve this.
;;0.9423;;finance minister arunjaitley said on friday india-us relations have grown far stronger and far matured over decades and in the spirit of bipartisan support it enjoys in both countries, it would be a great privilege for new delhi to continue working with the new donald trump administration.
;;0.3818;;it is far stronger, it is far matured, arunjaitley said at a dinner hosted by ambassador navtej sarna.
;;0.3612;;read: budget 2017: arunjaitley says bhim app now has 125 lakh downloadsthe government has applied a differential duty structure to attract foreign handset and component makers to start actual manufacturing in india.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley says 60  of the items presently taxed at 32   a composite of the several taxes that gst will be replacing  will be reduced at four percentage points less.
