;;-0.4588;;rejecting the allegations, arunjaitley said, this morning's statement appeared to be prima facie incorrect.
;;0.0;;but the evening one seemed to be absolutely rubbish and i do not think i need to respond to this rubbish, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.6124;;only defined emergency services such as ambulances, fire brigade and police vehicles will be allowed to use blue beacon lights atop their vehicles, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here after the meeting of the union cabinet.
;;0.0;;the prime minister took the decision and reported it to the union cabinet, arunjaitley said adding that the road transport ministry will make the necessary changes to the central motor vehicle rules, 1989 to implement the decision from may 1.
;;-0.5994;;last decade under manmohan singh was wasted: jaitleynew delhi, sep 17 2015, (pti) 16:17 istthe last decade under prime minister manmohan singh was wasted decade like that of 1970s and 80s because decision making had shifted out of pmo unlike now, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.7269;;the award of the pay panel will also benefit staff of autonomous bodies, universities and public sector units, arunjaitley said after receiving the report.
;;0.6908;;noting that india would fulfil the dream of historian arnold joseph toynbee as its celebrates its 70th year of independence in 2017, arunjaitley said: toynbee had observed that a chapter which had a western beginning will have to have an indian ending.
;;0.5719;;announcing the launch of the programme mooted by prime minister narendra modi last year, arunjaitley said it is important to capitalise on the countrys unity in diversity for good governance.
;;-0.1779;;with the aap accusing him of being involved in the ddca corruption, arunjaitley said people in positions are expected to act with restraint, hinting at kejriwal and other aap leaders.
;;-0.7845;;questioning kejriwals several undignified barbs against modi, including that the pm was a coward and psychopath which he had uttered in the aftermath of a cbi raid on his principal secretary that triggered the controversy over ddca affairs, arunjaitley said the nation would be outraged if central government functionaries were to speak in the same language.
;;0.6597;;new delhi, aug 8, 2016, (pti) 18:09 istimplementation of the goods and services tax (gst) will reduce tax evasion and improve ease of doing business by engendering a common market throughout the country, finance minister arunjaitley said today as he moved the modified constitution amendment bill in the lok sabha.
;;0.0;;on the vexed question of gst rate which may have implications for inflation, arunjaitley said it would be decided by the gst council, which will comprise representatives of centre and states.
;;0.0;;simultaneously the gst council will work on the functional modalities for implementation such that same person is not assessed by both centre and states, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;since states still had concerns regarding compensation, arunjaitley said the centre decided to fully compensate the states for 5 years.
;;0.5994;;new delhi, aug 31, 2015 (pti) 15:54 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said the decision to let the land acquisition ordinance to lapse is not a setback for the government and the alternative route adopted by the centre will provide greater flexibility to the states to deal with the issue.
;;0.743;;and states who want to get benefit out of it, get the benefit out of it, arunjaitley said.
;;0.34;;talking to et now, arunjaitley said rather than allowing the parliamentary stalemate to carry on, the centre followed an alternative route which will give flexibility to states to change land acquisition laws as per their requirement.
;;0.5267;;'falciani should share info sans pre-conditions'new delhi, nov 4, 2015, dhns: 1:49 istfinance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said that herve falciani, former hsbc bank employee-turned-whistleblower, should share information with the government about illicit funds flowing out of india without putting any pre-condition.
;;0.802;;finance minister arunjaitley had in this year's union budget announced that the government would formulate a comprehensive gold policy to develop the precious metal as an asset class.
;;0.0;;finance ministry arunjaitley recently had said efforts were on to take up the long pending bill in the ongoing winter session.
;;-0.9524;;jaitley says modi worst victim of intolerancenew delhi, nov 2, 2015, dhns: 1:09 ist'opposition projecting india in bad light'responding to growing criticism against the centre over rising intolerance in the society, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday claimed that prime minister narendra modi has been the worst victim of ideological intolerance since 2002.
;;-0.7351;;since 2002, the prime minister himself has been the worst victim of ideological intolerance, arunjaitley said in a facebook post.
;;0.3182;;truth is otherwise, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had in the budget 2017-18 announced abolishing fipb.
;;0.0129;;finance minister arunjaitley , who was on a five-day visit to china last week, had said on friday that the differences between india and china on the boundary issue and other matters may have some marginal effect on bilateral trade but businesses between the two sides have been expanding.
;;-0.3612;;their remarks came days after finance minister arunjaitley said the government is exploring all options on the national carrier, which has a debt of around rs 50,000 crore.
;;0.0;;in a panel discussion on doordarshan earlier, arunjaitley said that he had first proposed disinvestment of air india when he was in the a b vajpayee government.
;;0.5859;;political parties will be entitled to receive donations by cheque or digital mode from their donors, arunjaitley said in his union budget for 2017-18.
;;0.0;;these bonds will be redeemable within the prescribed time limit from issuance of bond, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;transparent, as the buyer is known, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6369;;finance minister arunjaitley announced in the budget that this would enable students to virtually attend the courses taught by the best faculty, access high-quality reading resources, participate in discussion forums, and take tests and earn academic grades.
;;0.3818;;we were wrong in thinking the grand alliance won't be able to consolidate votes due to other small and regional parties, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting.
;;0.6486;;(with) some very eminent economists with regard to the state of economy and steps required to boost investment, growth and even specific suggestions with regard to the union budget, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting.
;;0.0;;niti aayog is a think tank also and today's meeting was in that context, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;in his facebook post headlined perils of falsehood, arunjaitley said, the news item is entirely false on three counts: firstly, it was my wife and son (not my daughter) who were in goa on december 23.
;;-0.6249;;finance minister arunjaitley said the government was ready for debate on any issue as he asked opposition if it wanted total ban on religious conversion or forced conversion.
;;0.0129;;referring to the new legislation, arunjaitley had yesterday said: we are going to make sure that there is no scope for misuse, but at the same time there is a deterrent for those who stock money abroad.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley , in his budget speech announced a massive renewable power production target of 1,75,000 mw in the next seven years.
;;-0.4019;;however, finance minister arunjaitley said the pmgky response should not be seen in isolation as it was introduced after the income disclosure scheme (ids) and demonetisation exercise were carried out in the previous fiscal.
;;0.7579;;new delhi, jan 16, 2016 (pti) 13:23 istgovernment in the budget next month will announce a friendly tax regime that will encourage setting up of startups in the country, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.128;;emphasising that the government has limited potential to create jobs, arunjaitley said, the private sector has its own challenges.
;;-0.8176;;in a hard-hitting article on facebook, arunjaitley on friday had said that terrorists and the jihadis were threatening the human rights of the citizens in jammu & kashmir.
;;-0.0191;;earlier this morning, finance minister arunjaitley also said that names are immaterial if they are not backed by evidence.
;;0.0;;we had got the bill in legacy, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;asked if rahul is a lightweight, arunjaitley said, i am not using that expression.
;;0.3818;;while presenting the union budget for 2017-18 financial year before parliament, arunjaitley said when too many people evade taxes, the burden of their share falls on those who are honest and compliant.
;;0.0;;so the applied rate is going to be what the council has decided, arunjaitley said.
;;0.2732;;the exercise is substantially arithmetical except in certain products where the council will decide to grade it accordingly, arunjaitley said, adding it would be discussed at the 13th meeting of the council.
;;0.0;;but the applicability of it would be what the council has decided so far, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;recently, finance minister arunjaitley had said that all efforts are being made to bring to book those who have been named in the hsbc bank list of black money holders and there are evidence against them.
;;0.0;;that assessment has been completed, arunjaitley had said about the hsbc list.
;;0.0;;the details of each one of them are with us, arunjaitley had told the rajya sabha this month.
;;0.3182;;finance minister arunjaitley said the capping of cess was done at a higher rate only to give the goods and services tax council more headroom in the future if there was a need to increase them.
;;0.5106;;i hope the states will also try to get their laws cleared by assemblies expeditiously, arunjaitley told reporters after the council meeting.
;;0.6124;;finance minister arunjaitley announced the allocation of rs 412 crore for two schemes  paramparagat krishi vikas yojana and organic value chain development in north east region  that seek to promote organic farming.
;;0.0;;the parmparagat krishi vikas yojana will bring 5 lakh acres under organic farming over a three-year period, arunjaitley said.
;;0.5994;;i am glad that the presumptions that some people had, that spectrum is worth zero, have been belied, arunjaitley said speaking at an event here.
;;0.4404;;asked if any of the spectrum revenue would flow in during the current fiscal, arunjaitley said, i do hope the payments start coming in.
;;0.0;;61, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;0.1779;;i am also personally in touch with him, its purely an internal issue and will be resolved soon, arunjaitley told reporters in gandhinagar where he was to file his nomination for rajya sabha poll.
;;-0.5267;;as per the constitutional allocation of powers, the central government has no jurisdiction to impose tax on agricultural income, arunjaitley said in a statement.
;;0.3818;;affordable housing will now be given infrastructure status, which will enable these projects to avail the associated benefits, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;moreover, arunjaitley said that the 30 sq meter limit will apply only in case of municipal limits of four metropolitan cities while for the rest of the country, including in the peripheral areas of metros, limit of 60 sq meter will apply.
;;0.0;;for builders for whom constructed buildings are stock-in-trade, i propose to apply this rule only after one year of the end of the year in which completion certificate is received so that they get some breathing time for liquidating their inventory, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4767;;we also plan to extend the basket of financial instruments in which the capital gains can be invested without payment of tax, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.765;;the scam and scandal, corruption and retribution raj is behind us, arunjaitley had said on wednesday in a facebook post titled the fall of upas crony capitalism  a year of reform.
;;-0.6486;;in a scathing critique of the upa rule, arunjaitley said for sale signs hung over all ministries, spectrum was allocated at throwaway prices to the favoured a few, investors lost their investment and ministers, civil servants, investors were jailed and prosecuted.
;;0.4404;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech had announced that the government would come out with a new law to effectively deal with the black money stashed abroad.
;;-0.8126;;but no one has been able to point out which provision of law has been violated, arunjaitley told reporters outside parliament.
;;0.0;;on the goods and service tax (gst) bill, arunjaitley said the congress was dissenting on their own bill.
;;0.1681;;at a party function arunjaitley had said, the people of delhi experimented with a new party in the elections, but it is a very costly experiment because governance is not their political agenda, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6486;;india's food security programme has been protected from the imperfection of the bali draft as a result of the indo-us arrangement, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;it cannot be attributable to the bjp, arunjaitley told reporters in delhi.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has said that the fitment will begin immediately after the march 31, gst council meeting which will pass the last bunch of rules required for the roll out.
;;0.1779;;the bjp is confident of proving its majority in the goa assembly during the floor test on thursday, finance minister arunjaitley today said as he thrashed minority congress' argument of not being invited to form the government in the state.
;;0.5499;;but the congress party has neither elected a leader nor has it till date made any claim before the governor of goa, arunjaitley told reporters here.
;;0.4019;;on manipur, which has also thrown a hung assembly with the congress being the single largest party with 28 mlas in a 60-member house, arunjaitley said the bjp will wait for the decision of the governor.
;;0.3818;;in a statement, finance minister arunjaitley said he hoped that market expansion would take place once the insurance amendment bill was passed in parliament.
;;0.2732;;the formula under which it is being done has also been explained and therefore nobody is going to be taken by surprise, it is not going to be very significantly different, arunjaitley said here.
;;0.5147;;profit or profiteering is not a bad word but benefits of low taxes must be passed on to cosumers at large, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;reading out the budget 2017 speech, arunjaitley told parliament: tourism is a big employment generator and has a multiplier impact on the economy.
;;0.3565;;it does not want evidence to be forthcoming in support of the names available with the sit, said arunjaitley in a write-up.
;;0.0531;;that officer told me that there was a meeting of ddca officials, where arunjaitley had told them no not worry about sfio as he will get it compounded.
;;-0.4767;;new delhi, mar 29, 2017, (pti) 14:08 istallaying apprehension of spike in prices of goods and commodities after the roll out of the gst, finance minister arunjaitley today said the tax rates will be kept at the current levels so as not to have any inflationary impact.
;;0.0;;introducing four bills to give effect to the goods and services tax (gst), arunjaitley said the legislations will have to be passed by parliament and one by each of the state assemblies to turn india into one market with a single tax rate.
;;0.0;;dubai, nov 16, 2015 (pti) 19:08 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said the government would make all efforts to persuade the opposition for the passage of constitution amendment bill for implementation of gst in the winter session.
;;0.0;;in his budget speech, arunjaitley said the exemption is being provided for one year from the date of commencement of operations of the regional connectivity scheme as notified by the ministry of civil aviation.
;;0.2023;;asserting the governments commitment towards implementing the orop, arunjaitley said the finance ministry was in dialogue with the defence ministry on the methodology of calculation, hinting at no immediate resolution of the complicated issue.
;;0.2724;;taunting former commerce minister anand sharma, who made an effective case for the industry in the upa government in the context of the land bill, arunjaitley said he fully supported sharma but it was jairam ramesh (then rural development minister) who pursuaded the prime minister and brought a tough law.
;;-0.4019;;later, briefing reporters, arunjaitley said modi told chief ministers his priorities are growth, investment, jobs, poverty alleviation, decentralisation, efficiency, and no delay in execution of projects.
;;0.0;;so the situation which was prevailing will continue, arunjaitley told reporters.
;;-0.0772;;presenting the budget in the lok sabha, arunjaitley announced fresh measures to tackle blackmoney, including a comprehensive legislation that will make concealment of income and assets abroad a punishment with rigorous imprisonment of 10 years.
;;0.2023;;in a bid to encourage foreign investors, arunjaitley announced deferring of the implementation of controversial gaar (general anti-avoidance rules) by 2 years.
;;0.8074;;citing the example of us president barack obama's acceptance of be the chief guest at india's republic day celebrations, arunjaitley said: what better recognition should there be of india's enhanced stature than president obama agreeing to be the chief guest of india at our republic day parade.
;;-0.7003;;stung by criticism that his government was not doing enough to reveal names, finance minister arunjaitley told tv channels last week that the congress had reasons to worry about the list of indians who allegedly hold illicit accounts at hsbc in switzerland.
;;-0.128;;on monday, in response to the demand that all names be disclosed in one go, arunjaitley said, we will disclose only those names against whom we have prosecutable evidence.
;;-0.1531;;those who chose to boycott (niti aayog meeting) must introspect whether not attending the meeting is in tune with the spirit of federalism, arunjaitley said at a press conference here after the aayog meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi concluded.
;;0.5267;;also missing was odisha chief minister naveen patnaik, but arunjaitley said he could not attend because of some other engagement.
;;0.0772;;finance minister arunjaitley had earlier this month announced in parliament that pan would be made mandatory for all cash and card transactions beyond rs 2 lakh.
;;-0.296;;presenting his maiden full-fledged budget in parliament, arunjaitley said, it is no secret that the major slippage in the last decade has been on the infrastructure front.
;;0.0;;listing infrastructure among five major challenges he has to reckon with, arunjaitley said it is a challenge for government to increase investment in the sector and with private investment in infrastructure via the ppp model still weak, public investment needs to step in, to catalyse investment.
;;0.5106;;pitching for corporatisation of state-run ports in the country, arunjaitley said the government will encourage them to become companiesfor the roads sector, arunjaitley announced connecting each of the 1,78,000 unconnected habitations by all weather roads.
;;0.0;;the seizures were made in 3,290 raids carried during the last three days, finance minister arunjaitley said after a meeting of the inter-ministerial group monitoring the pulses situation.
;;0.4019;;govt to set up academies to boost sports performancenew delhi, july 10, 2014, dhns and agencies: 1:03 istgovernment will set up national level sports academies for major games in different parts of the country to bring sports into the mainstream, finance minister arunjaitley announced while presenting the general budget for 2014-15 in parliament on thursday.
;;-0.8271;;emergency repeat not possible today: jaitleysan francisco, jun 24, 2015, (pti) 14:30 istit is not possible today for the world's largest democracy to become 'dictatorial', finance minister arunjaitley has said, while terming the emergency imposed by the then congress government in 1975 as the darkest phase of independent india.
;;-0.2924;;the world would not accept the world's largest democracy becoming dictatorial today, arunjaitley told pti in an interview here.
;;0.0;;without referring to advani's comments, arunjaitley said the media censorship is not possible today because of the technology itself.
;;0.1139;;you have news travelling through the internet and the internet can't be censored, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.34;;recalling his own experiences from the emergency days, arunjaitley said he hopes that the judiciary today is far more independent and does not cave in to any dictatorial tendencies as it caved in during emergency.
;;-0.1531;;looking back at vulnerability of institutions at that time, arunjaitley said a large number of false cases -- running into thousands and lakhs - were registered against people.
;;0.0;;i had seven cases against me, arunjaitley said.
;;0.5106;;in his official letterhead, arunjaitley said he was writing to convey his deep sense of gratitude for the manner the nurses looked after him.
;;0.6801;;i shall be eternally grateful to you for the extremely competent and professional manner in which you handled me as a patient, said arunjaitley in the letter.
;;-0.3612;;finance minister arunjaitley , who earlier declared that the congress would be embarrassed by the disclosure of names, said the government would reveal only those names against whom there was prosecutable evidence.
;;0.7269;;the cabinet has recommended promulgation of an ordinance to the president in order to resolve the pending issues particularly the situation arising out of the supreme court judgment quashing the allocation of the coal blocks, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting.
;;0.0;;we have already introduced dbt in lpg (subsidy distribution), arunjaitley said while presenting the union budget for 2016-17 in parliament on monday.
;;0.2144;;therefore some higher pension on a special formulation is understandable but it cant be revised every year, arunjaitley said in a television interview.
;;0.0;;you cant have an orop where pensions are revised every month or every year, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;and i think, the events as they are unfolding only indicate that kind of manufacturing is going on at faster speed, arunjaitley said in patna.
;;0.34;;eight crore families brought under social security schemes: fmahmedabad, may 26, 2015 (pti) 21:32 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said 7.
;;0.0;;5 to 8 crore families have been already linked with these schemes, arunjaitley told reporters here.
;;-0.1027;;as there is a practice in developed countries of the world, we want to provide social security to poor people, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;only 11 per cent families are covered under pension schemes, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3818;;whoever will be alive -- husband or wife -- will be given pension after 60 years, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had recently said that the implementation of anti-evasion measures will enhance collections significantly.
;;-0.3321;;potential car buyers will have to shell out more, from as low as rs 3,000 to over rs 1 lakh, on new purchases as finance minister arunjaitley announced infrastructure cess of up to 4 per cent on vehicles.
;;0.2732;;5 per cent on diesel cars of certain capacity and 4 per cent on other higher engine capacity vehicles and suvs, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;govt to give full list of foreign account holders wednesday, says arunjaitley delhi, oct 28, 2014, (ians): 19:13 istthe government will give the names of all indian account holders in foreign banks to the suptreme court on wednesday, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here.
;;-0.296;;since the government had already given, on june 27, the entire list to the (apex court appointed) sit (special investigation team), it has no difficulty in giving it to the court and the entire list will be placed before it tomorrow (wednesday morning), arunjaitley said.
;;-0.4767;;finance minister arunjaitley too had said late last week that he saw no reason to postpone gst roll out.
;;-0.2023;;later, a presentation was made to the prime minister (narendra modi) where the doubts were cleared, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;when referred to the leakage of aadhaar details of cricketer m s dhoni, arunjaitley said it was the result of an immature act by somebody in ranchi against whom action has been taken.
;;0.3612;;satisfactory note cannot be made available to the target of the investigation, arunjaitley said.
;;0.5719;;the core question is, are we going to give respectability to those whose primary ideology is that they want to break this country, arunjaitley said while intervening in the debate on 'situation arising out of recent incidents in institutions of higher education with reference to jnu and university of hyderabad'.
;;0.4019;;just because west bengal elections is round the corner, should the congress party take a stand that police should not take enter university campuses, arunjaitley said.
;;0.5994;;both bjp and congress had realised that they have to work with mainstream parties of jammu and kashmir to fight separatists, arunjaitley said, while pointing out that both the parties have had alliance with nc as well as pdp at some point of time.
;;-0.6486;;there is no case against amit shah, said arunjaitley , in response to lalus charge that the court had made him a tadipar in a fake encounter case.
;;-0.6632;;launching an attack on his friend-turned-foe nitish kumar, arunjaitley said: political consistency is not his virtue.
;;0.0;;reiterating that a vote for nitish would mean return of jungle raj, arunjaitley said, the producer and director of jungle raj remains the same.
;;0.3182;;finance minister arunjaitley , however, said that gst compliance will be further simplified to increase the tax base.
;;0.0;;it is almost in the final stages of its preparation, where compliances are going to be made simpler itself, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3182;;on the compliance burden of the gst, arunjaitley said it was a little heavy, but the process would ease on account of the initiatives being undertaken by the revenue department.
;;0.2023;;pointing to paragraph 19 of the cbi affidavit, arunjaitley said an important portion in the draft was removed.
;;0.4588;;tax payers in the rs 5 lakh-plus bracket get a maximum benefit of rs 12,500, arunjaitley said, presenting his budget in parliament on wednesday.
;;0.5106;;we are at a fairly advanced stage in discussions with the andhra pradesh chief minister and will shortly arrive at a solution, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.5423;;reserve bank has been given powers to identify specific loans gone bad and enforce quicker resolution with the government amending the banking law through an executive order, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.3818;;in a point-by-point reply to a letter written by the bihar chief minister to him earlier this month, arunjaitley said the package for bihar is an expression of unwavering commitment of the union government towards overall development of the state and betterment of its people.
;;0.0;;01 per cent in aggregate, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6808;;the issues raised by you on the bihar development package are devoid of any constructive approach, especially when the package is designed to channelise all the forces to bring about concerted, integrated and focused development for the benefit of the millions of people of bihar, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6517;;new delhi, apr 24, 2015 (pti) 17:44 istthe long-pending goods and services tax (gst) bill was today moved in the lok sabha for consideration amid stiff resistance by several opposition parties, even as finance minister arunjaitley said it is a win-win measure and states have nothing to fear.
;;0.0;;commending the bill for consideration and passage, arunjaitley said: gst is going to lead to a win-win situation as far as the centre and the states are concerned.
;;-0.3182;;as regards the compensation to the states on account of any possible loss of revenue following implementation of the gst, arunjaitley said there will be 100 per cent compensation in first three years, 75 per cent in the fourth year and 50 per cent in the fifth year.
;;0.3875;;insisting that states have nothing to fear, arunjaitley said, the structure of the gst council is such that states have the veto power.
;;0.0258;;if all states come together, even if some of the states come together, they can prevent the union from taking a decision, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.0772;;amid arguments and counter-arguments, arunjaitley said the speaker has got flexibility to decide.
;;0.34;;ahmedabad, may 26, 2015 (pti) 20:49 istwith switzerland making public names of some indians with swiss accounts, finance minister arunjaitley today said the era of tax haven has come to an end and it is no longer safe to keep assets abroad illegally.
;;-0.4716;;the delhi chief minister, who has accused the cbi of raiding his office to get hold of a file that traps arunjaitley , claimed that the allegations against the finance minister are very, very serious.
;;0.3818;;new delhi, feb 28, 2015 (pti) 11:36 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said growth in the next financial year will rise to 8-8.
;;0.128;;pointing out that insurance penetration was presently low in the country, arunjaitley said natural tragedies pose a challenge and insuring the life and property would help people to face the situation.
;;0.0;;visa on arrival now for 150 countriesnew delhi, feb 28, 2015 (ians) 17:06 istindia will provide visa on arrival (voa) to visitors from 150 countries -- a sharp rise from the 43 countries now, finance minister arunjaitley announced saturday.
;;0.5267;;as tourism in the country has increased, i propose to increase the countries covered under this to 150, arunjaitley said while presenting the union budget 2015-16 proposals in the lok sabha.
;;-0.128;;the long-term objective is to reduce the country's reliance on the import of gold to meet domestic demand, union finance minister arunjaitley told the media.
;;0.6597;;meanwhile, a day after transport minister nitin gadkari came out in support of raje and her family, finance minister arunjaitley said rajes son and bjp mp dushyant singh is yet to get a clean chit.
;;0.0;;attributing to the finance minister, news reports had stated that arunjaitley said the deals between dushyant and modi was a commercial transaction.
;;-0.4939;;in the recent past, there have been instances of big-time offenders, including economic offenders fleeing the country to escape the reach of law, arunjaitley had said while presenting the budget.
;;-0.7003;;this law will enable confiscation of benami property and provide for prosecution, thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of benami property, especially in real estate, arunjaitley had said.
;;-0.128;;to discourage consumption of tobacco and tobacco products, i propose to increase the excise duties on various tobacco products other than beedi by about 10 to 15 per cent, said finance minister arunjaitley while presenting budget for 2016-17.
;;-0.5267;;pti file photoa day after data showed indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
;;-0.5423;;it isolated obsolete ideas, arunjaitley said at icici banks digital village adoption programme.
;;0.5106;;minutes after the courts order, finance minister arunjaitley said no one would be protected and the complete list would be submitted to the court on wednesday as the government is keen to get to the root of the matter.
;;0.4939;;with this 2 per cent additional surcharge a collection of rs 9,000 crore is targeted against a tax sacrifice of rs 1,008 crore (on account of abolition of wealth tax), arunjaitley said while presenting the budget for 2015-16.
;;0.6908;;the rich and wealthy must pay higher taxes, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.7717;;finance minister arunjaitley on friday said that congress move to impeach the cji is a revenge petition after the sc verdict on judge b h loya death case.
;;0.875;;in a facebook post, arunjaitley said that the impeachment of a judge of the supreme court is to be done only in the case of either his incapacity or on proven misconduct but the congress party and its friends have started using impeachment as a political tool.
;;0.0516;;a detailed analysis of the facts and the role played by some groups is necessary since i suspect such attempts will also be made in the future, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;asked if the cabinet is going to take up the issue today, arunjaitley said: you will have to wait after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.6486;;talking about benefits of amendments to the 2013 law, arunjaitley said it will help the rural india as industrial corridors will be set up across the country.
;;0.4939;;dh news service, new delhi, jun 4 2017, 1:19 istgovt confident of july 1 gst rolloutgold and silver will be taxed at 3  under the goods and services tax regime, finance ministry arunjaitley announced after a meeting of the gst council on saturday.
;;0.4588;;the 5  gst on readymade garments below rs 1,000 would benefit the public, being a mass consumption item, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;addressing the press, arunjaitley said a nominal rate of 0.
;;0.2732;;all states have agreed on the rollout of gst from that date, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley asks for an independent probe.
;;-0.2263;;beyond that as the central government, i have nothing to say, arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will intervene on the issue of farm loan waivers and related protests.
;;0.2732;;96 lakh crore to infrastructure sector, finance minister arunjaitley today said the magnitude of investment will spur economic activities and create more jobs.
;;0.0;;presenting budget for 2016-17 in parliament, arunjaitley said, total allocation for infrastructure stands at a record level rs 3,96,135 crore in 2017-18.
;;0.0;;the total length of roads including those under the pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana (pmgsy) built from 2014-15 to current year is about 1,40,000 kms which is significantly higher than the previous three years, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.765;;about the allegations against him, arunjaitley said they are fake and asserted that no personal allegation was ever made against me nor did i ever feel the need of contradicting it.
;;0.0;;detailing the generation of funds for delhi stadium's renovation, arunjaitley said he had mopped up rs 35 crore by selling various spaces in the stadium including boxes to corporate houses.
;;0.5499;;can't have annual pension revision, says arunjaitley on oropnew delhi, aug 31, 2015, (pti) 13:08 istfinance minister arunjaitley today virtually ruled out annual revision of pension as demanded by agitating ex-servicemen under 'one rank, one pension' but said government will safeguard interests of soldiers retiring at an early age through higher pensions.
;;0.2484;;i have been very vigilant about fiscal prudence and therefore my job is really that of a housewife in the sense that you must measure every rupee that the house spends so that you don't overspend and then borrow and if you start borrowing beyond a point and indulge in fiscal indiscipline, arunjaitley told et now.
;;-0.5531;;we will implement the principle but then let us not create incidence which are going to set (precedent for) other segments of the society to also start demanding (the same), arunjaitley said.
;;0.6808;;july 1 now optimistically looks like the implementation date for gst, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after a day-long meeting with his state counterparts at the gst council.
;;0.0;;on the provision for a 40  peak rate, arunjaitley said, the cap in any law is always kept high to give the executive some space in the future.
;;-0.1901;;within the framework of upholding the sovereignty of (the) country, we can ideologically differ but free speech does not permit you to assault the sovereignty of the country, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.5106;;stressing that he did not believe that there was any space for violence on campus, arunjaitley said, i personally believe that free speech in india and in any society, has to be debated.
;;0.0;;the government will essentially be a facilitator with very little role in day-to-day business, arunjaitley said while inaugurating the start-up india conference here.
;;0.34;;start-up india, announced by prime minister narendra modi on august 15, aims to create jobs in the country at a time when the conventional private sector is facing several challenges, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6908;;banks have gone to the supreme court to take an order and perhaps in the anticipation of that he (mallya) left before, arunjaitley said when asked about gandhi's question as to how did the government allow mallya to leave the country.
;;-0.4348;;stressing that there is a difference between the two incidents, arunjaitley also said that by the time mallya left, the banks had not initiated the legal process.
;;0.5267;;govt abolishes fipbfeb 2, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:24 istin fresh outreach to foreign investors, finance minister arunjaitley announced that the foreign investment promotion board (fipb), is being abolished.
;;-0.296;;with regard to the allotment of bungalows for memorials and the management of samadhis of our departed national leaders, henceforth no bungalow shall be made available for memorial for any person, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.6124;;new delhi, aug 25, 2015 (pti) 20:19 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said that a roadmap for implementing key provisions of the andhra pradesh reorganisation act would be prepared and there was no going back on the centre's commitment on the special category status for andhra pradesh.
;;0.0;;he will be putting it up before the prime minister very shortly and thereafter the prime minister will take a view, arunjaitley said.
;;0.7479;;new delhi, may 17, 2015, pti: 0:51 istmaking taxation more reasonable and improving ease of doing business will be among his top priorities going ahead, finance minister arunjaitley said on sunday, as he outlined the economic road map of the modi government for its second year.
;;0.0;;the government will also strive to eliminate discretions and maintain the speed of reforms, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.4588;;answering a question about voices from india inc complaining that the government was not walking the talk, arunjaitley said there was no such overwhelming perception.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley announced the plan size for the next fiscal for the railways at rs 1,31,000 crore as against rs 1.
;;0.4939;;addressing concerns of the differently-abled persons, arunjaitley announced that 500 stations would be made disbaled friendly.
;;0.3182;;in order to encourage e-ticketing, arunjaitley announced withdrawal of service charges from tickets booked through irctc.
;;0.4404;;new delhi, feb 2, 2016, (pti) 13:56 istthe bjp-led government has boosted spending under the upa's flagship rural jobs scheme mgnrega to a record high and will for the first time ever provide funds over and above the budgeted amount, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;-0.2263;;addressing a mgnrega sammelan organised to mark the completion of 10 years of the scheme, arunjaitley said there were apprehensions that the nda government would end or replace the scheme with a new programme.
;;0.8442;;it is proposed to allow strong rrbs to raise capital from the market to enable them increase their credit to rural economy, finance minister arunjaitley had said in his budget speech, earlier this year.
;;-0.3612;;calling upon the conventional media to stand up, arunjaitley said the danger of proliferation of multiple avenues of media was of the desire to hog the limelight by doing or saying something controversial.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, finance minister arunjaitley had said at a function here that proceedings in the cases related to the hsbc list will be completed by march 31, 2015.
;;-0.4019;;separately, arunjaitley said he had asked the secretary of the department of financial services to discuss the problem with the banks.
;;0.0;;during the recording of his statement, arunjaitley told chief metropolitan magistrate sanjay khanagwal that kejriwal and these five persons had given false and defamatory statements against him and his family members.
;;-0.7351;;in his complaint, arunjaitley had said that the cm and other aap leaders, with common intention, have from december 15 undertaken a false, malicious and defamatory campaign against him and his family members for political mileage causing irreversible damage to him.
;;0.1779;;sale of assets, closure of non-profitable branches, reduction of overhead and business turnaround initiatives will be part of the resolution process, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;a small minority should not hold the house to ransom and obstruct the proceedings, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6283;;earlier, speaking in rajya sabha, arunjaitley said the government had not wasted even a minute to agree to a debate on the issue.
;;0.4019;;it also agreed to the rule under which the debate is to be conducted as well as to the demand that the prime minister will participate in it, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.6645;;since it is a very complicated matter, we do not want to rush throughadministratively, any mistake would prove to be chaotic, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;one of the objects of integrating taxes is that each assessee will have to face only one assessing officer we cant have two competing assessing authorities for the same assessee, arunjaitley told reporters.
;;0.0;;the states will be given one weeks time to suggest changes, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;asked whether the central gst and the integrated gst bills would come up before parliament during the winter session, arunjaitley said, that is the effort.
;;0.0;;only one key decision remains, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6249;;describing the allegations of illegally helping modi as baseless, arunjaitley said swaraj and bjp president amit shah had said in statements soon after the controversy that what she did was with good intentions.
;;-0.5719;;let there be no doubt on this, arunjaitley told a joint press conference in the presence of home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.0258;;on whether the ed would appeal against the delhi high court decision quashing the revocation of the ipl ex-chief's passport, arunjaitley said: the matter of passport falls under the jurisdiction of the passport authorities.
;;0.5994;;henceforth, like petrol, pricing of diesel will be market determined, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters.
;;0.7717;;govt to ease process of doing business in india: jaitleylondon, mar 14, 2015, pti: 13:52 istgovernment is fairly determined and is introducing changes to ease the process of doing business and attract investments in india while trying to rationalise and lower taxes, finance minister arunjaitley has said.
;;-0.3612;;their remarks came days after finance minister arunjaitley said the government is exploring all options on the national carrier, which has a debt of around rs 50,000 crore.
;;0.0;;in a panel discussion on doordarshan earlier, arunjaitley said he had first proposed disinvestment of air india when he was in the a b vajpayee ministry.
;;0.4019;;after the opposition parties raised the issue, finance minister arunjaitley said the media report was factually false.
;;0.0;;thats all, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0731;;the nda government did what former prime minister manmohan singh could not do in his tenure despite being uncomfortable with the discretions being exercised in coal blocks allocations, arunjaitley said in rajya sabha while replying to the debate on general budget.
;;0.1779;;justifying the modi government's decision to auction coal blocks and mines and bring new bills in this regard, arunjaitley said effort was being made to get rid of those discretions and ensure that the whole law is smoothened out.
;;0.0;;and today each one of these rupees will be going to the states, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;i have consistently practised highest standards of probity in whatever positions i have held, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3612;;he said though finance minister arunjaitley said all legal commitments made at the time of reorganisation would be complied with, there was no clarity in the budget.
;;0.6121;;responding to gandhi's charge that modi hardly consulted senior ministers, arunjaitley said he not only works hard and involves himself in the functioning of the various departments of the government but also inspires his team to work harder.
;;0.5423;;taunting gandhi, arunjaitley said, as one evolves from a young to a middle-aged one, we certainly expect a certain level of maturity.
;;0.0;;making drought-proofing a priority area, arunjaitley said as many as 28.
;;0.7783;;in a bid to ensure that all farmers get the minimum support price, arunjaitley said the states would be encouraged to take up decentralised procurement, undertaking online procurement of food grains through the food corporation of india and making arrangements for procurement of pulses, an area that has been in the domain of private traders so far.
;;-0.5267;;surjewala futher said: arunjaitley specifically told parliament that for deportation of a person from the uk, there has to be a criminal case against the person concerned.
;;-0.7579;;disproportionate, irrational approach of cong hurting institutions: fmnew delhi, dec 24, 2015, (pti) 16:30 istcastigating congress strategy of disrupting parliament session after session, finance minister arunjaitley today said the party should rue over the fact that disproportionate and irrational approach was hurting institutions.
;;-0.5423;;commenting on the winter session of parliament that concluded yesterday, arunjaitley said parliamentary protests are not unheard of in india and there are precedents of disturbance in extreme cases in the past.
;;0.0;;in the rajya sabha, arunjaitley said kejriwal's office was not raided and that the raid was in relation to a case of alleged corruption against an officer of the delhi government.
;;0.6369;;ready to talk to cong on gst: jaitleynew delhi, nov 5, 2015, dhns: 2:19 istfinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said introduction of the goods and services tax (gst), is only a question of time and he is ready to meet congress leaders to resolve a parliamentary deadlock.
;;0.0;;so, the moment the upper house passes it, we can get 50 per cent of states to ratify it and be in a position to put it in motion, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.0286;;i do not want to comment on him (modi), but it's a commercial transaction between two individuals, arunjaitley said at a press conference here yesterday in response to a question.
;;0.34;;asked if that includes rahul gandhi, arunjaitley said: certainly.
;;-0.7741;;since it is a constitution amendment and it will stand the test of time, i don't want to create an architecture which is faulty, and some of their suggestions could hurt that architecture, arunjaitley said when asked if he would compromise.
;;0.3612;;new delhi, feb 2, 2017, dhns 0:42 istthe life insurance corporation (lic) will implement a scheme for senior citizens to provide an assured pension with a guaranteed return of 8  per annum for 10 years, finance minister arunjaitley announced on wednesday.
;;0.0;;under the nationwide scheme for financial assistance to pregnant women announced by prime minister narendra modi on december 31, 2016, arunjaitley said, a total of rs 6,000 each will be transferred directly to the bank accounts of those who undergo institutional delivery and vaccinate their children.
;;0.3612;;finance minister arunjaitley said the gst council meeting on monday made a significant headway and the issue of cross-empowerment or dual control was resolved.
;;0.4019;;presenting the union budget on saturday, arunjaitley announced that the government will be issuing voa to travellers from 150 countries in different stages to boost inbound tourism.
;;-0.3658;;responding to a question on why prime minister narendra modi is silent on the issue and whether rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje will resign following allegations of backing the former ipl chief's uk immigration plea secretly, arunjaitley said he did not want to comment on him (lalit modi).
;;0.0;;however, in response to another question, arunjaitley said that modi's rs 11 crore transaction with bjp leader and raje's son dushyant singh was a commercial one.
;;-0.0286;;i do not want to comment on him, but it's a commercial transaction between two individuals, arunjaitley said at a press conference here yesterday.
;;-0.4201;;asked whether india should enact legislation to avoid the kind of conflict of interests, which triggered the current controversy, arunjaitley said: parliament has some regulations on (conflict of interests) and they keep reviewing them from time to time.
;;0.4215;;queried further on whether he favoured stricter laws, arunjaitley said: this is not the time for me to comment.
;;-0.5574;;denying yechury's claim, union finance minister arunjaitley said there was no such instruction from the central government.
;;0.0;;i have asked the hrd minister, she said schools have not been asked to stay open on christmas, arunjaitley said.
;;0.34;;mature politics requires that we get out of cry baby syndrome: jaitleynew delhi, dec 14, 2015, (pti): 8:12 istfinance minister arunjaitley said income tax department has issued notices in national herald case and now it is its duty to assess the parties allegedly involved in it.
;;-0.3869;;to a question on congress stalling parliament, arunjaitley said, mature politics requires that we get out of this cry baby syndrome.
;;0.5106;;on gst, arunjaitley said if there is an intention to resolve all can be resolved.
;;0.5859;;finance minister arunjaitley , who presented the general budget 2017-18, said for passenger safety, a rashtriya rail sanraksha kosh will be created with a corpus of rs 1 lakh crore over a period of 5 years.
;;0.4019;;it clearly indicates that our target to integrate black money economy with the formal economy is happening, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4939;;in odisha, too, our strength grew in tribal areas and we will see similar reactions in uttar pradesh, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3818;;affordable housing will now be given infrastructure status, which will enable these projects to avail the associated benefits, finance minister arunjaitley said, presenting the general budget.
;;0.0;;for builders for whom constructed buildings are stock-in-trade, i propose to apply this rule only after one year after the year in which the completion certificate is received so that they get some breathing time for liquidating their inventory, arunjaitley said.
;;0.25;;aiming to protect large number of employees who are working in these plants and banks who have lent crores of rupees, the government decided to promulgate ordinance and allocate coal blocks through auction, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the cabinet.
;;-0.3412;;the move by the i-t department comes days after finance minister arunjaitley said those dealing in unaccounted cash will not be safe.
;;-0.2732;;the truth about these names and also these accounts must come out so that penal action can be taken against the people and the money lying there can be brought back to india, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.1027;;defending the governments approach, arunjaitley said, there is nobody the government wants to protect in this case so that those whose names have come must really be investigated and punished according to law.
;;0.8689;;ruling out electoral alliance with any of the three major political parties in the state, arunjaitley had said the party would focus on key issues to carve out its own political space on the basis of issues where the party has clarity and where unrest is brewing among people at grassroot level.
;;-0.7506;;those who have destroyed bengal and those who have destroyed the country are now sending signals to each other, arunjaitley had said referring to talks of an alliance between congress and the cpi(m).
;;0.8442;;shrinking cong strength in rs will make gst happen: jaitleynew delhi, dec 30, 2015, (pti) 19:37 isthitting back at congress party's trinity remarks, finance minister arunjaitley today said gods don't vote in parliament, and gst will happen as the strength of main opposition party is shrinking in the rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;however, the state did not get any premier institutions such as iit or aiims this time, even though finance minister arunjaitley announced the setting up of several such institutes in different parts of the country.
;;0.4019;;presenting the first general budget of the nda government, arunjaitley on thursday announced that tumkur will have one of the three industrial smart cities to be developed in the proposed chennai-bangalore industrial corridor region.
;;0.7615;;in his budget speech on monday, arunjaitley had said the government proposed to tax 60  of withdrawal from the employees provident fund (applicable from april 1) but the announcement led to huge uproar among political parties.
;;0.3612;;in view of the unrelenting attitude of the congress on the gst issue, finance minister arunjaitley said, keeping this political reality in mind, cabinet committee on political affairs (ccpa) decided to recommend to president to prorogue monsoon session.
;;0.4404;;on whether the government will be able to stick to the deadline of april 1, 2016 for rolling out the gst, arunjaitley said, your guess is as good as mine.
;;0.25;;we are keeping ourself in readiness, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4767;;in his budget speech on february 28, arunjaitley had said: this cess will be effective from a date to be notified.
;;0.0;;thus, the total investment in the road sector, including pmgsy (prime minister gram sadak yojna) allocation, would be rs 97,000 crore during 2016-17, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.0772;;new delhi, nov 10, 2015 (pti) 16:28 istterming prime minister's leadership as 'strong, decisive and popular', finance minister arunjaitley has said there was no question of any impact on 'brand modi' from the results of bihar polls.
;;-0.296;;when asked whether there would be any impact of bihar results on the 'brand modi', arunjaitley said, no.
;;0.5574;;relations with neighbours improved under modi: jaitleynew york, jun 19 (pti) 11:10 istfrom being in the midst of a disturbed neighbourhood, under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi, india's relations with its neighbours have improved, union finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;0.8481;;new delhi is interested in improving relations with islamabad and the pm has developed an excellent relationship with the chinese leadership, arunjaitley told an audience here yesterday.
;;-0.4767;;but at least the tense situation around the boundary doesn't exist, arunjaitley said.
;;0.6705;;on pakistan, arunjaitley said india is interested in improving relationship with it.
;;-0.34;;a number of problems with that disturbed neighbourhood were spilling into india, arunjaitley told timothy geithner, former us treasury secretary, during an interaction at the council on foreign relations, a top american think-tank.
;;0.4215;;and since then, we haven't looked back, arunjaitley said, adding, india's relationship with bhutan has strengthened and india has spearheaded post-earthquake assistance in nepal and would continue to do that.
;;-0.0772;;india growing at 7-8 per cent is fairly reasonable in the current global context, finance minister arunjaitley said today while maintaining that the decline in fourth quarter gdp print cannot be attributed to demonetisation alone.
;;0.0;;there was some slowdown visible given the global and domestic situation even prior to demonetisation in the last year, arunjaitley said while addressing media on completion of three years of the modi government.
;;0.0;;with regard to shifting the financial year to january, arunjaitley said the government has not decided on it yet.
;;0.0;;a project on the river ganga called jal marg vikas (national waterways-i) will be developed between allahabad and haldia to cover a distance of 1,620 km, which will enable commercial navigation of at least 1,500 tonne vessels, arunjaitley had said.
;;0.4404;;presenting the union budget 2015-16 in parliament on saturday, arunjaitley said the government would focus on developing a few heritage sites, and fostering better infrastructural development and facilities.
;;0.743;;in order to boost the prospects of developing these areas, arunjaitley announced in the budget landscaping restoration, signage and interpretation centres, parking, access for the differently-abled, amenities for visitors including security and toilets, illumination and plans for benefiting communities around them.
;;0.0;;i propose to provide resources to start work along these lines for the following heritage sites: churches and convents of old goa, hampi (karnataka), elephanta (maharashtra), kumbhalgarh and other hill forts (rajasthan), rani ki vav in patan (gujarat), leh palace in ladakh (jammu and kashmir), varanasi (up), jallianwala bagh in amritsar (punjab) and qutub shahi tombs in hyderabad (telangana), arunjaitley told parliament.
;;-0.505;;the protests against the budget proposal to levy tax on employees provident fund (epf) withdrawals were so vociferous that prime minister narendra modi had to intervene and make arunjaitley announce its roll back.
;;0.7579;;addressing mediapersons after submission of the report, arunjaitley said the award will also benefit staff of autonomous bodies universities and public sector units.
;;0.0;;addressing investors, analysts and business executives at the think-tank council on foreign relations here yesterday, finance minister arunjaitley said prime minister narendra modi recently spoke to his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.6077;;on india's relations with china, arunjaitley said modi has particularly developed an excellent relationship even with the chinese leadership.
;;0.0;;in his budget speech in july last year, finance minister arunjaitley had announced a proposal for the setting up of five new iims. in addition, an iim was also proposed for andhra pradesh in keeping with the ap re-organisation act, 2014.
;;0.3612;;commenting on the stalemate in parliament, finance minister arunjaitley said yesterday that there were many issues like floods and agricultural issues which rajya sabha members wanted to raise.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in the budget for 2015-16 had announced that he would look at reducing corporation tax from the current 30  to 25  in the next four years.
;;0.765;;you should be happy that the good work was done by your government, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;0.4391;;and i think the numbers are very clear, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;terming the 2013 land bill brought by upa as one that was against rural areas and farmers, arunjaitley said the 2015 bill sought to remove its shortcomings.
;;0.34;;while major economies of the world face difficulties, india is poised for higher growth trajectory, arunjaitley said as he started his budget speech in the lok sabha.
;;0.0;;new delhi, dec 23, 2015 (pti) 21:29 istamid frequent face offs between the government and opposition, finance minister arunjaitley today said political discourse in the country has become more vulgar.
;;0.3182;;about continuing mandamus, arunjaitley said the whole idea behind the move was to make sure that investigating agency does its job.
;;0.2732;;therefore, arunjaitley said, after 20 years of this experiment, a call has to be taken, including by the courts, whether the imbalance between a fair investigation and rights of the accused have been created by an institution of continuing mandamus.
;;0.3182;;combine the three crimes, camouflage the truth and throw all of them in the basket of present central government, arunjaitley said, adding nobody has alleged any governmental complacency in these crimes.
;;0.0;;talking to reporters, finance minister arunjaitley said, some new names have been revealed, whose veracity would be checked by the authorities.
;;0.0;;briefing reporters on the cabinet decision, finance minister arunjaitley said the government holding in these five companies will gradually fall to 75  after listing them on stock exchanges.
;;0.3612;;during the process of disinvestment, existing rules and regulations of the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) and insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irdai) will be followed, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns 2:36 istheralding massive reforms in electoral funding, finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said donations to political parties above rs 2,000 will have to be made either by cheque or digital mode of payment.
;;-0.3612;;we must follow the same example, arunjaitley said outside the house, stressing the aim of bringing transparency in poll funding.
;;-0.8521;;months of meetings before note ban: jaitleyfeb 8, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:31 istdemonetisation was not an easy decision for the government and it took several months and a number of closed-door meetings to decide on the note ban, finance minister arunjaitley said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;at one stage, the meetings used to take place every week, arunjaitley said, replying to the discussion on the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill.
;;-0.4939;;replying to congress leader shashi tharoors charge that tourism and manufacturing had suffered, arunjaitley said in december air traffic to india has risen from earlier.
;;0.0;;in his latest facebook post, arunjaitley said that following modi's visit to myanmar, australia and fiji, india's status among the nations of the world appears to have been enhanced.
;;-0.7964;;charging that congress was planning strategies to block official business and legislation in parliament, arunjaitley said, the congress party had damaged the national economy while in power and wants to pursue the same destructive direction while in opposition.
;;-0.8588;;in the context of the interrogation and arrest of some tmc leaders in the saradha scam, arunjaitley said that west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee's reaction over the same had left him deeply disappointed.
;;0.296;;talking about the defence acquisition council yesterday clearing a proposal for acquiring artillery guns, arunjaitley said defence minister manohar parrikar was taking the nda government's agenda forward of expediting defence procurement.
;;0.0;;ex-pm should advice cong to change stand on gst: jaitleynew delhi, feb 14, 2015, dhns: 0:46 istif manmohan singh is a real statesman, he should advice congress not to press for gst that provides tariff in constitution, finance minister arunjaitley has said.
;;0.4588;;both the parliamentary affairs minister and myself have discussed the gst with every senior congress leader in parliament, arunjaitley said, asking whether congress insistence on constitutional cap for gst was politically motivated.
;;0.3612;;this is what nation expects from the senior leaders and statesmen like former prime ministers, arunjaitley said in a facebook post titled 'what dr. manmohan singh should advise his party'.
;;0.128;;referring to the change in policy making, arunjaitley said policies are no longer framed in party headquarters.
;;-0.9153;;upa's land law defective, posed threat to india's security:fmnew delhi, feb 26, 2015, (pti) 18:04 istlaunching a scathing attack on the congress, finance minister arunjaitley today said the previous upa regime's land law has had disastrous impact on india's national security as pakistan could get information on critical defence projects coming up here.
;;0.4588;;so, the information will be revealed and it will also reach pakistan, arunjaitley said while intervening in rajya sabha on the debate on motion of thanks on the president's address.
;;0.0;;in the meeting, arunjaitley said it was not possible to give exemption with retrospective effect and asked to get a court direction in this regard.
;;0.2023;;the number of prosecutions that we launched in last one year were not done earlier, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.4767;;but, finance minister arunjaitley said in his facebook post on the eve of the parliament session that he suspects the congress will disrupt parliamentary functioning.
;;0.8402;;stake dilution in psbs once health improves: jaitleytokyo: press trust of india, may 9 2017, 0:24 istgovernment stake to be redued to 52 the government will dilute its stake in state-run banks to 52  once the health of the lenders improve and the money will be used to inject capital in them, finance minister arunjaitley said on monday.
;;0.4767;;gst scheduled for july 1 rolloutthe goods and services tax (gst) is on schedule for implementation from july 1 and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike, finance minister arunjaitley said on monday.
;;0.7579;;initiating a discussion on the 'commitment to india's constitution', finance minister arunjaitley said measures should be taken to strengthen the constitution and ensure that democracy is not subverted again.
;;-0.6249;;this was dictatorship at its worst, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.7964;;calling for unitedly fighting terrorism, arunjaitley said the entire country should speak in one voice and nobody should be seen soft on terrrorism.
;;-0.4767;;on judicary, arunjaitley said the constitution ensures its independence but stressed that at the same time parliament too is part of basic structure of constitution.
;;0.1027;;today, the absolute contrary to what dr ambedkar had envisaged is happening, arunjaitley said, adding today we have reached a position where cji.
;;-0.0779;;since various issues are being raised with respect to the circumstances of this death, it would be absolutely important that a very fair inquiry is held so that all doubts can be set at rest, arunjaitley said.
;;0.5994;;bulk of black money still in india: jaitleynew delhi, oct 05, 2015, dhns 1:36 istfm outlines measures to check itafter a clampdown on overseas unaccounted wealth and assets, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday said the bulk of black money is still within india.
;;0.0;;the government has been working with various authorities to incentivise this change, said arunjaitley in a facebook post.
;;-0.3612;;finance minister arunjaitley had said that the government is exploring all options on the national carrier, which has a debt of around rs 50,000 crore.
;;0.0;;though, fare hike is unlikely across the board keeping the assembly polls to five states in mind, finance minister arunjaitley may announce a cess on tickets to mobilise rs 1.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said that enforcement directorate (ed) and investigative wing of the income tax department, during recent searches in connection with the aircel-maxis deal, have recovered several incriminating documents which are being scrutinised and charge sheets will be filed.
;;-0.296;;replying to a short duration discussion on aircel-maxis deal in the wake of vociferous demand for action by aiadmk which has been disrupting the house since yesterday, arunjaitley said the matter is being probed by three investigating agencies and it would be taken to the logical conclusion.
;;0.0;;the government is going to the root of each one of these cases, said arunjaitley , who also holds corporate affairs portfolio.
;;-0.6486;;stating that security forces took prompt action, arunjaitley said terrorists had come with the main objective of damaging strategic assets at pathankot air base.
;;0.7579;;asked why the operation stretched to third day when specific intelligence was available, arunjaitley said, operations of such kind continues for very long time.
;;-0.0516;;on the attack on indian consulate in afghanistan, arunjaitley said all indian employees are safe.
;;0.836;;pti jd dp ads anz gsn 01041908asked if intelligence inputs helped in pathankot operations, arunjaitley said, we got a lot of help from intelligence inputs.
;;0.34;;union finance minister arunjaitley in his budget 2014-15 speech had said that the requirement of the built-up area and capital conditions for fdi is being reduced from 50,000 sq mt to 20,000 sq mt and from $10 million to $5 million respectively.
;;-0.7717;;launching a sharp attack on the congress, union finance minister arunjaitley said the attitude of the opposition was akin to punishing the people of the country for voting them out in the general elections last year.
;;0.0;;the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said at a press conference, adding, this is the only effect of the notification.
;;0.1027;;the existing laws are continuing and the notification has nothing to do with state legislations with regard to not allowing the slaughter of cattle, said arunjaitley , who also holds the defence portfolio.
;;0.6249;;that is never part of my domain, arunjaitley told reporters when asked about opposition's allegations that his remarks that the loan given to dushyant singh by modi, the former ipl chief, was a commercial transaction, amounted to giving clean chit to the bjp mp.
;;0.0;;they would continue to do that, arunjaitley said on the sidelines of a public event at the stanford university.
;;0.5267;;well, there is nobody who is tainted, please, arunjaitley told reporters.
;;0.34;;finance minister arunjaitley said in san fransisco that the government will play by the rule book on the lalitgate controversy.
;;0.3182;;in his remarks during an interview to pti, arunjaitley said that they would make sure that absolute standards of probity are maintained.
;;0.0;;on opposition strategy to disrupt the parliament session, arunjaitley said parliament is meant to discuss and not to disrupt business.
;;0.2023;;coal auction to bring revenue windfall for states: jaitleynew delhi, feb 28, 2015 (pti) 13:54 iststating that auction of coal mines is one of the top three achievements of the government in its nine months' period, finance minister arunjaitley today said the process would bring several lakhs of crores of rupees to the kitty of coal-bearing states.
;;0.4215;;a composite index for poverty-free gram panchayats would be developed to monitor the progress from the baseline, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;the fiscal responsibility and budget management (frbm) act will be amendment accordingly, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.4019;;as regards the current account deficit (cad), arunjaitley said it will be less than 1.
;;0.6705;;washington, apr 16, 2015, (pti) 12:20 istindia has the potential to make nine to 10 per cent growth rate a new normal, finance minister arunjaitley said today while asserting that high growth was essential to meet the challenges posed by the country's burgeoning young population.
;;0.0;;india has the potential to make nine to ten per cent its new normal in the years to come, arunjaitley said in his keynote address at the day-long conference 'deepening the us-india commercial partnership: the first year of the modi government'.
;;0.4357;;india growing at five per cent, six per cent or even seven per cent is not an india that is going to face up this challenge (of large young population), arunjaitley said at the conference organised by the center for strategic and international studies, a washington-based top american think-tank.
;;0.7184;;listing out the steps being taken by the new indian government like giving more financial powers to states, increased investment on infrastructure, emphasis on manufacturing, arunjaitley said the roadmap laid out is to open the door for investment.
;;0.4215;;i have set up a new committee to look up into the whole mechanism of how, whole institution of prior permission can be replaced by regulatory mechanism where it is far easier to start your business just complying with the guidelines that have been stated in that area, arunjaitley said.
;;0.128;;5 per cent this year, arunjaitley in response to a question said the feeling in india is this is not our real potential.
;;0.0772;;responding to another question, arunjaitley said among various reforms labour laws will remain a challenge.
;;-0.128;;to discourage consumption of tobacco and tobacco products, i propose to increase the excise duties on various tobacco products other than beedi by about 10 to 15 per cent, arunjaitley said in his budget speech.
;;0.2732;;5 per cent on diesel cars of certain capacity and 4 per cent on other higher engine capacity vehicles and suvs, arunjaitley said.
;;0.34;;i also propose to collect tax at source at the rate of 1 per cent on purchase of luxury cars exceeding value of rs 10 lakh and purchase of goods and services in cash exceeding rs two lakh, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;there was some slowdown visible given the global situation even prior to demonetisation in the last year, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;we have now taken another step and there would be visible action taken under the new mechanism in the next few days, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0129;;referring to the new legislation, arunjaitley had yesterday said: we are going to make sure that there is no scope for misuse, but at the same time there is a deterrent for those who stock money abroad.
;;0.0258;;stating that the gst rollout is a matter of time, arunjaitley said the obstructionist position of the congress will not continue for long as the countrys mood is reform-oriented.
;;0.1779;;on what should be the rate of gst, arunjaitley said: the lower the better.
;;0.7506;;tokyo, press trust of india may 8 2017, 12:01 istthe goods and services tax (gst) is on schedule for implementation fromjuly 1and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.0;;addressing cii-kotak investors' round table here, arunjaitley said that the gst council, headed by him and comprising representatives of all states, will in the next few days finalise the rates of tax for different goods and services and the country is on track to roll out the simplified indirect tax regime fromjuly 1.
;;0.0;;now, the idea of gst was that let there be just one tax in the country, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;so, goods and services may react a little differently, arunjaitley said.
;;0.8687;;gst with a far more efficient system, arunjaitley said, that will increase trade, tax collection and improve ease of doing business.
;;-0.4588;;probe into modi-dushyant singh loan would continue: jaitleystanford (us), jun 23, 2015, (pti): 13:24 istunder attack from the opposition for describing the deal between vasundhara raje's son and lalit modi as a commercial transaction, finance minister arunjaitley today said assessing authorities would continue to do their job in probing the matter.
;;0.6249;;that is never part of my domain, arunjaitley told reporters when asked about opposition's allegations that his remarks that the loan given to dushyant singh by modi, the former ipl chief, was a commercial transaction, amounted to giving clean chit to the bjp mp.
;;0.0;;they would continue to do that, arunjaitley said on the sidelines of a public event at the stanford university.
;;0.6597;;good quality institutions would be enabled to have greater administrative and academic autonomy, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;describing the scheme as the world's largest state-funded healthcare programme, arunjaitley also announced some 24 new medical colleges in the districts.
;;0.7906;;quicker decision making, faster policy changes, eliminating corruption at the top and smoother clearances have played a significant role, arunjaitley said, attributing the improvement in indias global ranking to various steps taken by the government.
;;0.0;;new delhi, sep 29, 2015, (pti) 7:27 istgovernment's efforts are paying off as india has become the highest fdi destination for greenfield projects, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.0;;briefing reporters after the cabinet meeting, finance minister arunjaitley said the policy also aspires to achieve 300 mt of steel-making capacity by 2030.
;;0.1531;;san francisco, jun 24, 2015, (pti) 12:27 istgovernment will play by the rule book and make sure that absolute standards of probity are maintained, finance minister arunjaitley today said as the opposition continued its attack over the lalit modi controversy.
;;0.5719;;the government will play by the rule book and we will make sure that the absolute standards of probity are maintained, arunjaitley told pti in an interview here.
;;0.5574;;asked whether the controversy was creating an impression that some leaders of the ruling party and the government were siding with corrupt people, arunjaitley said, there is no question at all.
;;0.0;;to a question on the opposition planning to disrupt the monsoon session of parliament on the lalit modi issue, arunjaitley said parliament is meant to discuss and not to disrupt business.
;;-0.4588;;under attack from the opposition, arunjaitley had yesterday said the authorities would continue to do their job in probing the matter.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 1 had announced the scrapping of the inter- ministerial body, which comes under the ministry's department of economic affairs.
;;0.0;;the decision to abolish fipb was taken by the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendra modi, arunjaitley said while briefing the media after the meeting.
;;0.0;;we will discuss it in detail in the finance bill, finance minister arunjaitley said, replying to the debate on the budget in the lok sabha.
;;0.4019;;presenting the budget, arunjaitley had said political parties would be allowed to receive donations by cheque or the digital mode.
;;-0.3182;;when american president barack obama fought his first election (2008), he had taken only small donations through digital payments, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.7096;;defending government's decision to demonetise rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, arunjaitley said cash is the biggest facilitator of crime even though he agreed that there will be crime even if there is less cash.
;;0.7102;;the fact that four state assembly elections have been won and one has not been won is absolutely no ground for believing that there will be any slowdown on the path which we have undertaken, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3182;;the kind of reforms that the government has been undertaking will bring in investment, generate jobs, improve the quality of life of people and also help in alleviating poverty, arunjaitley said.
;;0.5106;;press trust of india, new delhi, jun 1 2017, 19:02 istthe animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that 'this is the only effect of the notification.
;;-0.5574;;finance minister arunjaitley today said the centre's ban on sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter has nothing to do with state legislations on animal slaughtering.
;;0.6124;;you have provision in the constitution article 48 (directive principles) which says that certain category of animals have to be protected, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;as per data of assessment year 2015-16, arunjaitley said, there are 6.
;;0.5719;;fm cites higher tax mop up to dismiss economic slowdown fearsnew delhi, jan 9, 2017, (pti) 13:42 istdismissing concerns of slowdown due to demonetisation, finance minister arunjaitley today said both direct and indirect tax collections have shown robust increase during the april-december period, indicating uptick in economic activity including manufacturing.
;;0.0;;6 per cent, arunjaitley said, adding that this category is directly linked to manufacturing.
;;-0.2263;;tax collection data is real and not an estimation, arunjaitley said, while dismissing apprehensions of slowdown in following currency squeeze post demonetisation.
;;0.0;;since there has been a considerable debate in the public space as to the impact of currency squeeze in the months of november and december, the data of these two months becomes relevant, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4019;;the decision to ban cash transactions beyond a threshold is based on the recommendation of the special investigation team on black money that was set up by the supreme court, arunjaitley said while presenting union budget 2017-18 in parliament.
;;0.0;;in his first day in office as i&b minister, arunjaitley said, i have been the i&b minister in the past but then there was more print media than electronic media.
;;0.296;;states' share will be over and above this, finance minister arunjaitley said while communicating the cabinet decision.
;;0.0;;they will decide, arunjaitley said, when a journalist asked him if the enforcement directorate would appeal against the judgment.
;;0.5859;;billing it as a major step to check corruption and tax evasion, arunjaitley in his budget speech said that the government has accepted a suggestion by the special investigation team on black money in this regard.
;;0.3818;;simultaneously, arunjaitley said the government is considering the option of amending the negotiable instruments act to ensure that the payees of dishonoured cheques are able to realise the payments.
;;0.4588;;as the centre is keen to strengthen the digital payment infrastructure and grievance handling mechanisms, arunjaitley said the focus would be on rural and semi-urban areas through post offices, fair price shops and banking correspondents.
;;0.4215;;new delhi, april 25, 2015 (ians) 15:57 istindia has the means and the potential to become a global hub for services with competitive pricing, and become a major source of job creation for millions of youth in the country, finance minister arunjaitley said here on saturday.
;;0.4019;;commenting on the issue of regional discrimination being faced by the people of jammu and ladakh, arunjaitley said that his party wants to end it.
;;0.4939;;govt won't go soft on pursuit of black money: jaitleynew delhi, sep 9, 2015, pti: 12:51 istrefusing to relent on the pursuit of black money, finance minister arunjaitley today said the government will not go soft on bringing unaccounted wealth back into the formal system.
;;-0.6597;;the black money problem, arunjaitley said, is a problem confined to few individuals.
;;0.5859;;responding to this, finance minister arunjaitley said the member raised an important issue and the government is too willing to discuss the issue whenever the parties want in consultation with the chairman.
;;0.4404;;black money bill to be taken up in parliament next week: fmnew delhi, may 1, 2015 (pti) 13:19 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said the government will next week take up for consideration the new black money bill in the lok sabha to effectively deal with the menace of unaccounted wealth stashed abroad.
;;0.1779;;next week, i intend to take up before parliament the law with regard to taxation of undisclosed assets and incomes abroad, arunjaitley said at the 'enforcement day' function organised by the directorate of enforcement.
;;0.0;;121 prosecutions have been filed by tax department against them, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.3612;;finance minister arunjaitley has said that rain is likely to be deficient in areas with good irrigation, mitigating the problem to some extent, and that sectors such as manufacturing could offset farm losses.
;;0.0;;in his budget speech today, finance minister arunjaitley said the government will look at consolidation option for psus and a new cpse exchange traded fund (etf) in 2017-18.
;;0.3818;;for cpses we will seek opportunities through consolidation, arunjaitley said.
;;0.128;;new etf comprising stocks of 10 psus will be launched in 2017-18, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.2263;;union finance minister arunjaitley , who spoke at the summit, said investors anxiously look forward to an environment to see their investments were yielding results.
;;0.0;;along with a whopping capital infusion, arunjaitley also announced a slew of measures for reforms in the state-owned banks and a strict surveillance on loans above rs 250 crore by any psu lender.
;;0.2263;;a model law on contract farming will be prepared and circulated among the states for adoption, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.34;;announcing the scheme in his budget, arunjaitley had said that the offences under the new law would be non-compoundable and the overseas account holder would also be required to mandatorily specify the date of opening of foreign account in the return of income.
;;-0.1779;;the truth is otherwise, arunjaitley said, adding the perpetrators of this propaganda had never allowed alternative viewpoints to grow in either universities, academic institutions or cultural bodies which they controlled.
;;0.0;;as regards alleged lynching of a man in dadri, arunjaitley said that it was a stray incident.
;;-0.1531;;congress holding democracy to ransom over herald case: jaitleynew delhi, dec 12, 2015, (pti) 20:55 istaccusing congress of holding democracy to ransom over the national herald case, finance minister arunjaitley today said the government has no role in the issue and will wait for court verdict for before taking any action.
;;0.0;;without naming congress president sonia gandhi or rahul gandhi, arunjaitley said the congress leaders have got stuck in a 'chakravyu' created by themselves and are now obstructing parliament for it.
;;0.0;;ed has not issued any letter to anyone till date, arunjaitley said.
;;0.1027;;the panel today also cleared the state-gst (s-gst) and union territory gst (ut-gst) legislations, arunjaitley said while briefing reporters on the deliberations at the 12th meeting of the all-powerful gst council.
;;0.0;;not an extraordinary headspace, but only a marginal headspace, arunjaitley said.
;;0.8176;;the gst council has already approved five sets of rules and regulations relating to registration, payments, refund, invoice and returns, arunjaitley said, adding there are four others -- composition, valuation, input tax credit and transitions -- which now require a formal approval.
;;0.3818;;addressing a gathering of local civil society and intellectuals here, arunjaitley said: pakistan needs to understand once and forever that boundaries between nations cannot be rewritten now.
;;0.0;;, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3182;;this power needs to be harnessed for all sorts of tourism, including leisure, adventure and religious tourism, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.5859;;regretting that the incidents were portrayed as a concerted attempt by majority community attack on place of worship of a minority community, arunjaitley said the media was to blame for creating such a perception globally.
;;-0.4767;;the bombay case again you have person of another minority community arrested in a law and order issue, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.25;;therefore, i would urge the current leadership of the congress party to support these (reform) measures so that we are able to grow faster, we have more money, we can get rid of poverty much faster and we are able to sustain the schemes for the welfare of the poor people much faster, arunjaitley said in the lok sabha.
;;-0.3265;;'a day after the gst bill failed to get past parliament and the government had to take recourse to the joint committee of parliament for the bankruptcy bill, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday asked whether the country has not lost out by delaying the gst since the last years budget session.
;;0.4767;;in his blog post, arunjaitley also asked how far it was desirable to pass important legislations on the last day without discussion.
;;-0.5994;;putting the blame on the congress for disruption of parliament during the winter session, arunjaitley said: the moot question which arises for the congress is, how does india legislate?
;;0.4404;;if pandit nehru can be credited in the initial years of our democracy of having laid down healthy precedents being established, the current generation in control of the congress will find a place in history of having weakened what their ancestors established, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;6  higher than the current level, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;0.6642;;finance minister arunjaitley yesterday said the slowdown was due to both domestic and global factors, but maintained that the move to demonetise the notes cannot be blamed alone.
;;0.6249;;finance minister arunjaitley , in his budget speech in 2016, had announced the plan to create a dedicated long term irrigation fund in nabard with an initial corpus of about rs 20,000 crore and an amount of rs 12,517 crore was provided as budgetary resources and market borrowings during the 2016-17 fiscal year.
;;0.0;;gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the gst council.
;;0.0;;the reduction in rates was based on two principles, one is to maintain the equivalence levels and other is a change in user behaviour, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3919;;in gst, there is no centralised exemption but if a state wants, it can refund the state gst for promoting regional cinema, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;addressing his second press conference in the last two days, finance minister arunjaitley said the national polity will now be guided along pro-bjp and anti-bjp lines.
;;0.0;;unlike upas attempt to reduce the stature of the prime minister by setting up power centre outside the government, we always felt such a system cannot continue in a democracy and we have reversed that, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.5859;;on pnb fraud, finance minister arunjaitley asked: there are internal auditors and external auditors.
;;0.5859;;india's economy has the potential to achieve a growth rate of more than 7-8  in view of policy changes, accompanied by a supportive global environment, finance minister arunjaitley said on tuesday.
;;-0.4019;;india has demonstrated in the last few years that it has, even in a global environment of adversity, a potential to self-correct itself, to continue to take difficult decisions if necessary and maintain a high growth trajectory, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;it is a rule-based decision making where governmental discretions based on individual cases have been virtually eliminated, arunjaitley said on the country's regime.
;;-0.5267;;annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 14:20 ista day after data showed india's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
;;-0.5423;;it isolated obsolete ideas, arunjaitley said at the icici bank's digital village adoption programme.
;;0.0;;replying to the seven-hour-long debate, finance minister arunjaitley said the gst, which will usher in a uniform indirect tax regime in the country, will make commodities slightly cheaper.
;;0.0;;on the impact of gst on prices, arunjaitley said: today you have tax on tax, you have cascading effect.
;;0.0;;on why the council has decided on multiple gst rates, arunjaitley said one rate would be highly regressive as hawai chappal and bmw cannot be taxed at the same rate.
;;0.0;;replying to the discussion on the four bills, arunjaitley said once the new tax regime is rolled out, a businessman will have to deal with only one assessing officer instead of multiple authorities at present.
;;-0.6124;;in his suit, arunjaitley has said kejriwal and other aap leaders, with common intention, have from december 15, 2015, undertaken a false, malicious and defamatory campaign against him and his family members for political mileage causing irreversible damage to him.
;;0.128;;it was done to deflect issues from an unrelated search during investigation by cbi of a bureaucrat in the secretariat of the delhi government based on a complaint by a third party, arunjaitley has said.
;;0.3612;;welcoming the mobile dispensaries, arunjaitley said it will help fill the gap in areas where the poor have little access to medical facilities.
;;0.0;;5 per cent which is total of 45 per cent of undisclosed income, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;-0.3612;;unveiling the budget for 2016-17, arunjaitley said those declaring their assets will get immunity from prosecution.
;;0.3612;;we would like to focus all our resources to bringing back black money to the books, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.0772;;kejri's office not raided: jaitleynew delhi, dec 15, 2015, (pti): 13:44 istwith the opposition attacking the bjp-led government over cbi raids on delhi government offices, finance minister arunjaitley today said chief minister arvind kejriwal's office was not raided and the action related to a graft case registered before the aam aadmi party (aap) came to power.
;;-0.3818;;it is the officer (office) that has been searched, arunjaitley said in rajya sabha amid noisy protests by opposition members.
;;0.5106;;finance minister arunjaitley said since the congress leader has used strong words, they should either be expunged or the government be allowed to respond.
;;0.0;;in the final decisions of the government, you should talk in one voice and it should be one decision, arunjaitley said.
;;0.7048;;talking about ways to propagate about government schemes like crop insurance, arunjaitley said government should not leave any form of media as cost is limited and unlimited advantages like wide reach.
;;0.0;;both these laws were passed through unanimous decisions, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4939;;devoting considerable attention to demonetisation and its aftereffects, arunjaitley said the surplus liquidity in the banking system created by the note ban decision will lower borrowing cost and increase access to credit.
;;0.0;;i do not think any public sector bank has resorted to the move so far, finance minister arunjaitley has said.
;;0.0;;during an election rally in varanasi on thursday, arunjaitley said that banks have been asked to procure more point of sale machines and make it available to traders in order to facilitate digital payments.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had on monday said direct tax collections in nine months (april-december) of the current fiscal were 12.
;;0.2247;;at a separate function, arunjaitley said governments should be extremely careful while making appointments to such high posts.
;;-0.1027;;we have to seriously examine who has the powers to do that because the collegium is the new appointing authority, arunjaitley told the hindustan times leadership summit.
;;0.4404;;the passage of the insurance bill in the rajya sabha on the eve of my visit here couldn't have come at a better time, arunjaitley said soon after he joined cameron at the unveiling ceremony of mahatma gandhi's statue at parliament square here.
;;0.3134;;finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
;;0.7964;;finance minister arunjaitley , in a tweet, said justice sachar was an activist judge and a wonderful person.
;;0.296;;the prime minister has made no such statement directly or indirectly and therefore i wish to absolutely clarify that there is no occasion or opportunity for anybody to reach such a conclusion because this is not what he (modi) said, nor is the intention of the government as has been reported, arunjaitley said.
;;0.5556;;on the demonetisation drive, arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash, as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media.
;;-0.4588;;explaining why the government decided to go for demonetisation, arunjaitley said if people had to buy property, they were asked as to how much money would be paid in cash and how much by cheque, and such immoral practices continued.
;;-0.296;;at present, there is no proposal to change working days for the central government offices from five to six days a week or to reduce the retirement age of the central government employees to 58 years, finance minister arunjaitley said in a written reply to the lok sabha.
;;0.7351;;though the issue of full statehood to delhi was not part of bjp's vision document, arunjaitley said his party supports the idea.
;;-0.2732;;during the budget debate in the parliament, finance minister arunjaitley too had said that the demand for perishables had been affected due to demonetisation.
;;0.0;;i need not make a comment on that, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.296;;though finance minister arunjaitley had said he was not averse to consulting congress vice-president rahul gandhi on the gst and other issues, congress leaders claimed that no one from the government had approached them.
;;-0.0258;;the party also demanded unqualified apology from swaraj for allegations against rajiv gandhi during yesterday's debate in the lok sabha and approached the speaker to seek expunction of the charges against the former prime ministerannouncing the nda campaign in the constituencies of 44 congress and 9 left mps, arunjaitley said one union minister and 4 mps will hold public meetings and events in their seats.
;;-0.2716;;reiterating the modi governments commitment of improving lives of poor, arunjaitley said a landless household is the most deprived in the society.
;;0.0;;in his valedictory address to a convention of bhartiya janata yuva morcha, bjp's youth wing, arunjaitley said it was the country's misfortune that the congress vice president sympathised with the actions of a small group of jihadists and a bigger group of maoists.
;;-0.6486;;congress had always been against those wanting to break up the country through the last 100 years of struggle between nationalist and anti-national forces, arunjaitley said as he attacked rahul.
;;-0.1779;;while the left has had a historical tradition of speaking against the national interest, congress was always against the conspiracy to break the country except for emergency when it was supported by cpi, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.6486;;maintaining that a change was happening across the country, arunjaitley said the modi government was voted to fulfil three responsibilities-- to rid the country of dynasty, corruption and hunger and poverty.
;;-0.6249;;for the last 100 years, arunjaitley said, nationalist forces and communists have clashed and the latter believed in using violence to break up the country when it became independent.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley has said his government will analyse and address rural india's issues, even going to the extent of saying that spending on rural india and agriculture is not populism.
;;0.0;;i also intend to set up five more iits (indian institutes of technology) in jammu, chhattisgarh, goa, andhra pradesh and kerala, arunjaitley said while presenting the budget for 2014-15.
;;0.0;;2016, finance minister arunjaitley said in his budget speech.
;;0.4588;;i believe that the tax treatment should be uniform for defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans, arunjaitley said.
;;0.5023;;inflation under check; global economy, agri a challenge: fmnew delhi, may 23, 2015, (pti) 14:05 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said inflation has been brought under control in the past one year but global economy and agrarian situation as well as domestic investments pose challenge to the indian economy.
;;-0.25;;addressing his second press conference in as many days to highlight achievements of narendra modi government in first year in office, arunjaitley said restlessness of people for the economy to grow at a faster pace should put pressure on congress to shed anti-growth and anti-development agenda.
;;0.7269;;listing out initiatives of the government, arunjaitley said the financial inclusion and social security schemes have been a big success with over 15 crore jan dhan accounts being opened and 7.
;;-0.4588;;we have to aspire for more and this aspiration and restlessness of people should be a pressure on parties, especially congress, which have adopted an anti-growth and anti development agenda, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;emerging out of the meeting on thursday last, arunjaitley said, so far, we were relying on the unilateral declaration of traders, but we realise it is necessary to build in anti-evasion measures.
;;0.25;;speaking at the annual general meeting of ficci last week, finance minister arunjaitley had said a delayed gst is better than a flawed gst.
;;0.34;;centre to bring ordinance on coal block allocationnew delhi, oct 20, 2014, (ians) 22:00 istthe union cabinet monday decided to bring an ordinance to resolve the issues of coal blocks arising out of the supreme court judgment quashing their allocations, finance minister arunjaitley said here.
;;-0.3612;;the entire mess the upa government left behind would be cleaned up in next 4 months, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said that it is the endeavour of the government to bring entrepreneurship to the doorstep of youth through pradhan mantri kaushal vikas yojana (pmkvy).
;;-0.5267;;all that the government said was that treaties with other countries forbid the disclosure of names till charges are framed in court, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;a separate list of at least 500 indians who held accounts at hsbc in switzerland was scrutinised by the government, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.4588;;rejecting allegations of a u-turn by the government, arunjaitley said the nda government would not withhold any information, including the names of account holders.
;;0.6124;;a day after presenting the budget, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said political parties must appreciate that it is a better alternative for poverty elimination.
;;0.2193;;so it is better to select 30 -35  of most vulnerable persons and give a cheque in their hand to lift them out of poverty, arunjaitley said in a series of tweets.
;;0.4299;;india not impacted by protectionism talk, global slowdown: fmbengaluru, feb 13, 2017 (pti) 18:04 istthe rhetoric of protectionism in developed economies and unpredictable global slowdown have not affected india and it is determined to grow with focus on investments, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;-0.4059;;he said while prime minister narendra modi did not like mnregs scheme launched by upa, his finance minister arunjaitley says there is not such programme like mnregs.
;;-0.2732;;for footwear and textiles, arunjaitley said that a major concession has been given and the items being used by the common man will be taxed at low rates.
;;0.25;;we are in a state of readiness for july 1 rollout, finance minister arunjaitley said after the meeting.
;;0.7003;;hope to take gst legislations to parliament this session: fmnew delhi, feb 3, 2017, (pti) 19:12 istkeen to rollout the goods and services tax by july, the government plans to take the supporting legislations to parliament next month, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.4019;;hopefully, my target currently is to finalise those drafts and take them in the second part of the budget session in parliament, arunjaitley said at a post-budget meet with industry chambers.
;;0.0;;one parallel exercise is fitment of various commodities in to the rate structure for that the officer have to meet, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;speaking at the economic times global business summit, arunjaitley said the three objections raised by the congress go against the grain (rpt) grain of what they themselves had brought.
;;0.6597;;the upa allies like the rjd, the ncp and the jd-u are openly supporting it, arunjaitley said, adding that even the congress-ruled states are for gst.
;;0.4927;;clarifying that economic legislation is not about bjp versus all, arunjaitley said it would be very good if the constitutional amendment bill to roll out gst is passed by consensus.
;;0.7089;;the task before me is very challenging because we need to revive growth, particularly in manufacturing sector and infrastructure, finance minister arunjaitley had said in his budget speech.
;;0.3182;;presenting his first full-year budget, arunjaitley said the first and foremost pillar of his tax proposals is to enacting a new law to effectively deal with the problem of black money which eats into the vitals of our economy and society.
;;-0.7003;;this law will enable confiscation of benami property and provide for prosecution, thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of benami property, especially in real estate, arunjaitley said.
;;0.2732;;for employees below a certain threshold of monthly income, contribution to epf should be optional, without affecting or reducing the employer's contribution, arunjaitley had said in parliament.
;;0.0516;;finance minister arunjaitley said as far as our government is concerned, there will be no compromise on national security and home ministry has sought a report on the issue from the state government.
;;0.5994;;without naming the opposition, arunjaitley said some parties have got into the habit of only creating hurdles in parliament.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley did announce initiatives to widen the availability of essential drugs across the country, reduce the cost of life-saving drugs and promotion of generic medicines.
;;0.4404;;this will improve accountability of the government expenditure, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;govt may withdraw lpg subsidy for richnew delhi, nov 20, 2014, pti: 2:13 istthe government is considering doing away with the lpg subsidy for the well-off, finance minister arunjaitley said on friday.
;;0.0;;gst will put in place a state-of-the-art indirect tax system by april 1, 2016, arunjaitley said on saturday.
;;0.4939;;however, finance minister arunjaitley said the notification would remove all confusion regarding governance in the national capital and help the aap government run the city efficiently.
;;0.5729;;when told that political parties protect political parties in such matters, arunjaitley said, that is absolutely wrong.
;;0.4019;;answering questions on the national herald case, arunjaitley said that congress party has a lot of answering to do.
;;-0.3612;;jaitley asks cag not to sensationalise its reportnew delhi, oct 29, 2014, (pti) 19:35 istfinance minister arunjaitley today asked the cag not to sensationalise its findings to get into headlines, a view the congress party had voiced in the past after huge notional losses were projected in reports on 2g and coal allocation scams.
;;0.0;;he doesn't have to get into the headlines, arunjaitley said at annual conference of the comptroller and auditor general (cag).
;;0.0;;, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;after meeting his swiss counterpart eveline widmer-schlumpf on the sidelines of the world economic forum (wef) meet, arunjaitley said india has independent evidence.
;;0.4939;;now in continuation with that agreement, i had a detailed meeting with them today as to what could be the parameters of that independent evidence, arunjaitley told reporters after his meeting with swiss counterpart that lasted 40 minutes.
;;-0.4767;;on ways to prevent black money menace in the future, arunjaitley said the global community is moving towards automatic exchange of information.
;;0.0;;earlier the concept was that people will stash money in swiss banks but nobody will be able to break into that system, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;our position now is that in case -- that is an alternate position and not a preferred position, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3353;;so they agreed on october 15 that they will give it and they will do it expeditiously, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4939;;government committed to protecting all groups: jaitleynew delhi, feb 26, 2015, (ians) 15:37 istthe government is committed to protecting the rights of all communities, finance minister arunjaitley said thursday.
;;0.2732;;the consistent message has been that the government is committed to protecting the rights of every group irrespective of their beliefs, caste or religion, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3747;;jaitley hints at giving relief to salaried classnew delhi, nov 22, 2014, dhns: 1:38 istfinance minister arunjaitley said on saturday that he did not favour burdening the salaried and middle classes with more taxes, but would go after tax evaders.
;;-0.1027;;replying to a question during an interaction with pti, arunjaitley said: i pay the same indirect tax as my attendant.
;;0.0;;on bilateral treaties on black money, arunjaitley said he had sent a delegation recently to switzerland.
;;0.0;;see the rationale behind passing gst, arunjaitley said at a conclave here.
;;-0.6369;;banks should have acted earlier to stop mallya: fmnew delhi, mar 10, 2016, pti: 16:48 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said banks should have acted earlier to stop vijay mallya from going abroad, even as he warned of appropriate action against those responsible for any inaction in recovery of dues totalling over rs 9,000 crore in the case.
;;0.7096;;or any other matter of this kind coming to our notice, we will certainly look into that and take appropriate action, arunjaitley told reporters here.
;;0.128;;in the case of mallya, arunjaitley said that when he left the country, the legal process was not started.
;;-0.4767;;speaking at the function, finance minister arunjaitley said his ministry, which is usually associated with big business houses, in the last two years has tried to work for the betterment of the poor people.
;;0.6369;;agri credit raised to record rs 10 lakh cr in fy18new delhi, feb 1, 2017, (pti) 12:19 istin a major thrust to agriculture, finance minister arunjaitley today announced a whopping rs 1 lakh crore hike in the credit target for the next fiscal to rs 10 lakh crore as part of the government's efforts to double farm incomes in the next five years.
;;0.3818;;the target for agricultural credit in 2017-18 has been fixed at a record level of rs 10 lakh crore, arunjaitley said in his budget speech.
