;;0.6249;;finance minister arunjaitley had earlier said that while the salaried class pays its due share of taxes, most other sections have to improve their tax payment record, which is keeping india far from being a tax-compliant society.
;;0.6249;;in a facebook post titled 'benefits of the aadhaar - where it stands today', arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved rs 90,000 crore in the last few years till march 2018 by eliminating several duplicate, non-existent and fake beneficiaries.
;;0.0;;aadhaar is a game changer, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.0772;;the monies saved through aadhaar is money fruitfully employed for the poor elsewhere, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.6599;;the upa legislation, arunjaitley said, was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the uid would be used.
;;0.5574;;the judgement of the supreme court added balance to the concept of aadhaar, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;the rbi independently decides that, finance minister arunjaitley said at the news conference when asked about the interim dividend.
;;0.0772;;in a facebook post on the second anniversary of demonetisation, arunjaitley said in first four years of the national democratic alliance (nda) government, the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6.
;;-0.4404;;terming the criticism, that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, as ill-informed, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
;;0.0;;this would obviously have an impact on higher tax revenue and a higher tax base, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the centre and states were close to completing the first stage of gst rationalisation by removing most items from the 28  slab with a convergence of the 12  and 18  bracket being the next step in the process.
;;0.8271;;while listing out the gains that included lower rates, convergence of 17 levies and multiple taxes and cesses into one and an end to border checkposts, arunjaitley said, lower rate of taxes, increased tax base, higher collections, easy for trade and least interface in assessments with a significant part of the tax rationalisation over, the growth percentage in the years to come will increase.
;;0.4019;;taking a further dig at congress, arunjaitley said its compulsion to have a poll alliance with the rashtriya lok dal (rld), a regional outfit confined to the western up, shows that the party has neither votes nor leadership.
;;-0.5267;;opposing the move for reservation to muslims, arunjaitley said the constitution does not approve of community-based reservation and any such move is a conspiracy to divide the society.
;;0.0772;;when rathwa sought information on the number of ifscs the centre was planning to set up, arunjaitley said, we can think of another ifsc only after optimum utilisation of gujarat ifsc.
;;-0.5994;;on many commodities, there is a reduction in tax rates and tax-on-tax will also go away, lowering the burden, finance minister arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;we are banking on gst checking evasion and buoyancy in collection, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.2732;;responding to noteban critics, arunjaitley said demonetisation has strengthen the economy and increased the government resources to fund poverty alleviation and infrastructure development programmes.
;;-0.4767;;earlier, arunjaitley in a facebook post said demonetisation has helped in formalising the economy, expanding tax base and earmarking more resources for the poor.
;;0.7096;;defending the demonetisation drive, arunjaitley said, even when there was global stress, we still manage to have respectable growth rates and we had the courage because of leadership of the prime minister.
;;0.4019;;giving details of impact of demonetisation, arunjaitley said the number of income tax return filers has gone up to 6.
;;-0.4404;;on the criticism that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
;;0.0;;this would obviously have an impact on higher tax revenue and a higher tax base, arunjaitley said.
;;0.1779;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday that creditors are expected to get rs 70,000 crore as some of the big 12 cases, including bhushan power & steel and essar steel, are likely to be resolved in this financial year.
;;0.0;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley has said that the government is open to the idea of inducting a strategic partner in air india and the civil aviation ministry was exploring all possible options for the ailing state-run airline.
;;0.0;;this money can be used for education, arunjaitley said during a panel discussion on doordarshan news.
;;-0.3818;;if 86  of the flying can be handled by the private sector they can handle 100  also, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;leaving some sectors where the presence of the government is necessary, the role of the private sector in other sectors is very large, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;on political opposition to closing down janpath hotel, arunjaitley said: running hotels is not the business of the government.
;;0.0;;it is to be noted that finance minister arunjaitley in 2016-17 budget had announced that the government will take it forward and also consider the option of reducing its stake to below 50 per cent in idbi bank.
;;0.0;;admitting there were areas of differences between the two, arunjaitley said that in case the government and the rbi are not on the same page, the former should have the final say.
;;0.2716;;we are the sovereign government, we are the most important stakeholders as far as the management of an economy is concerned, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.5719;;however, arunjaitley said, he didnt understand how a discussion about rbis functioning could be considered destruction of the institution.
;;0.0772;;the temporary shortage caused by 'sudden and unusual increase' (in demand) in some areas is being tackled quickly, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: finance minister arunjaitley on monday, said the centre would shortly announce the nature of the electoral bonds scheme.
;;0.1027;;lauding prime minister narendra modi for his decisiveness, arunjaitley said unlike the previous prime minister (manmohan singh), modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to demonetisation, surgical strike against pakistan and the goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.4588;;finance minister arunjaitley , in his budget speech on february 2 last year, had announced that two defence industrial production corridors will be set up in the country to promote domestic industry base.
;;-0.4215;;new delhi: taking congress head on over the sohrabuddin case, finance minister arunjaitley said the appropriate question for party president rahul gandhi to ask would be, who killed the investigation in this case.
;;-0.875;;responding to the comment of gandhi on the day of the judgement that 'nobody killed sohrabuddin', arunjaitley said, it would have been more appropriate if he had asked the right question, namely who killed sohrabuddin case investigation, he would have got the right answer.
;;0.0;;this is an irrefutable evidence of what the congress did to our investigative agencies, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.2263;;defending naidu's action in refusing to admit the motion, arunjaitley said it was a well-reasoned order.
;;0.5267;;it now wanted a continuing sword to hang on the chief justice and hence on the apex court, arunjaitley said in his blog.
;;0.6478;;last week, finance minister arunjaitley said the government would fully protect public deposits in financial institutions and hinted at openness to changes in the bill.
;;-0.5574;;the 28  bracket is already moving towards a sunset, except the luxury and sin items, three items (such as acs) which are used by upper income groups and only one item (cement) of common use remains, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting.
;;-0.4526;;we cant allow people to make a mockery of the law, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters in new delhi this month.
;;-0.5472;;no, madam, arunjaitley said to a question whether the government is not satisfied about the functioning of the rbi.
;;0.6908;;finance minister arunjaitley said the centre would willing to honour the commitments made to andhra pradesh in 2014, but the granting of special category status itself was restricted by the 14th finance commission.
;;0.8074;;however, arunjaitley said the government was committed to granting the monetary equivalent of a special category status to andhra and would bear 90 per cent of the share of schemes sponsored by the centre, with the state having to pitch in with only 10 per cent.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley had earlier this month asked finance secretary hasmukh adhia to examine the possibility of converting gstn into a majority government company or a 100 per cent government company.
;;0.296;;as arunjaitley says, air indias market share is now only 14 .
;;-0.296;;new delhi: ruling out income tax exemption for cooperative banks, finance minister arunjaitley on friday said they were no different from commercial banks and were, therefore, required to be treated at par with them.
;;-0.296;;these banks are thus no different from commercial banks and therefore are required to be treated at par with them, arunjaitley said in response to a question in the lok sabha.
;;0.0;;the government is therefore considering the option of amending the negotiable instruments act suitably, arunjaitley had said.
;;0.0;;in a bid to align corporate tax with the global standard, former finance minister arunjaitley had announced reduction in tax from 30 per cent to 25 per cent in phased manner.
;;0.5106;;finance minister arunjaitley said the slower economic growth reflected lower growth in the industry and the services sectors, due to a number of factors including structural, external, fiscal and monetary factors.
;;-0.5859;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley said on sunday that when former rbi governors join political battles, they hurt the cause of the central bank's autonomy.
;;0.1272;;he is a very brilliant man but after getting into the political thicket, if you make statements, then i will take it as more political than economic, arunjaitley said in an exclusive interview to toi while responding to a question on the former rbi governor raising doubts about the gdp data.
;;-0.4019;;finance minister arunjaitley said the problem was temporary.
;;-0.4215;;new delhi, dec 31 () taking congress head on over the sohrabuddin case, finance minister arunjaitley said the appropriate question for party president rahul gandhi to ask would be, who killed the investigation in this case.
;;-0.875;;responding to the comment of gandhi on the day of the judgement that 'nobody killed sohrabuddin', arunjaitley said, it would have been more appropriate if he had asked the right question, namely who killed sohrabuddin case investigation, he would have got the right answer.
;;0.0;;this is an irrefutable evidence of what the congress did to our investigative agencies, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4939;;finance minister arunjaitley announced the world's largest government-funded health care programme in his budget speech yesterday.
;;0.0521;;to make sure that the country is not cheated, arunjaitley said in his first comments since the rs 11,300-crore pnb fraud came to light.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 1 had announced the scrapping of the inter-ministerial body, which comes under the ministry's department of economic affairs.
;;0.0;;it is to be noted that finance minister arunjaitley in october had announced an unprecedented rs 2.
;;0.6908;;the capital infusion, arunjaitley had said, will be accompanied by reforms to enable the state-owned banks to play major role in the financial system and give a strong push to the job-creating msme sector.
;;0.3182;;earlier this month, finance minister arunjaitley had said the government will invest an additional rs 41,000 crore into state-owned lenders over and above what was announced earlier to strengthen their capital base.
;;-0.3612;;consumer choices need markets to be fragmented, the bjp argued and arunjaitley said the services sector would be hit.
;;0.0;;congress is making a mountain where there's not even a molehill, arunjaitley said.
;;0.4404;;after congress mp anand sharma raised the issue, arunjaitley said it would have been better if the opposition had obtained all information before making assertions.
;;0.6705;;finance minister arunjaitley , in his budget speech earlier this month, had announced that the electronic assessment of tax returns would be launched in the country, which would almost eliminate person-to-person contact, leading to greater efficiency and transparency.
;;0.8834;;on the plea that the government was ready to pass the bill approved by the lok sabha, arunjaitley said the bjp and other parties had wanted to turn a soft lokpal into a strong one.
;;-0.6124;;while arunjaitley said that the house could have gone on after midnight, he stopped short of directly blaming chairman hamid ansari who adjourned the rs sine die not because it was past midnight but because of the din in the house.
;;-0.743;;new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the government was not seeking the reserve bank of indias (rbi) surplus to meet fiscal deficit but to utilise the funds for accelerating poverty alleviation programmes and recapitalising state-owned banks.
;;0.0;;it is a priority of the government to maintain fiscal discipline, arunjaitley said.
;;0.3818;;invoking compelling national interest, as well as precedent, arunjaitley said it might become necessary to address some of the worries confronting the economy.
;;-0.8625;;but arunjaitley said the problems could not be addressed through negative politics.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 1 announced scrapping of the inter-ministerial body, which comes under the finance ministry's department of economic affairs.
;;0.5859;;today, visa and mastercard are losing market share in india to indigenously developed payment system of upi and rupay card whose share has reached 65 per cent of the payments done through debit and credit cards, arunjaitley said.
;;0.0;;pti reported that arunjaitley also said, we cannot change our neighbours.
;;0.6697;;most favoured nation status to pakistan stands withdrawn, said finance minister arunjaitley after a meeting of the cabinet committee on security (ccs) on friday.
;;0.0;;when arunjaitley had announced his intention to spend his mplad funds on schemes in rae bareli in october, it was seen as a move to breach congress's bastion ahead of the lok sabha elections.
;;-0.4588;;intervening after congresss lead speaker k v thomas said the bill could be struck down by the courts, arunjaitley said the proposed amendment to the constitution buffers it from any adverse legal opinion.
;;0.8151;;with former union minister thomas promising congress support for the measure but expressing doubts about its legal robustness, arunjaitley said every party including congress has promised the measure in its election manifesto.
;;0.8442;;it is proposed to allow strong rrbs to raise capital from the market to enable them increase their credit to rural economy, finance minister arunjaitley had said in his budget speech earlier this year.
