new delhi, dec 15, 2015, (ians) 20:52 istin the midst of his biggest confrontation with the centre yet, a furious chief minister arvind kejriwal today accused it of targeting him in a daylong cbi raid at delhi secretariat and claimed the real reason for the action was to look for a file of alleged graft in delhi's cricket body that traps finance minister arun jaitley.
jaitley dismissed the allegations, dubbing it rubbish.
the delhi chief minister also made a stinging attack on prime minister narendra modi for unleasing the cbi while called him a psychopath and coward.
it has become necessary to reveal that why did the cbi come to my office today and which was the file they were looking for.
this is the ddca file under which arunjaitley is getting trapped.
(ye file hai ddca ka file jiske andar arunjaitley phas rahe hain), the delhi chief minister claimed.
kejriwal said his government had set up an inquiry committee to probe alleged irregularities in ddca which had submitted its report and he was to set up a commission of inquiry to carry out a detailed probe in the wrongdoings in the cricket body.
jaitley was the ddca president for many years and i had set up a committee to probe all the corruption that has taken place during his tenure.
the committee has submitted its report and a commission of inquiry was to be set up over it, and a file pertaining to it was in my office, alleged kejriwal.
the delhi chief minister said he was not scared of the centre's action.
i am not scared of you.
you do not know what i am made of, he told reporters, resolving to continue the fight.
the cbi had earlier clarified it carried out searches at the office of kejriwal's principal secretary rajender kumar's office at the delhi secretariat and not that of the chief minister.
the action was in connection with allegations against kumar of favouring private companies in awarding government contracts from 2007-2014.
the chief minister said the sole motive of the raid was to target me and asked prime minister narendra modi to apologise to the nation for his misdeeds, saying only then he will tender apololgy for calling him coward and a psychopath.
after a meeting with his cabinet colleagues and senior aap leaders that lasted around two hours, kejriwal said he will continue to fight till his last breath.
they have no interest in the contracts awarded by rajender.
if he had awarded contracts in 2007, what were you doing till 2015 modiji?
it's been long that your government has come.
i want to tell you modiji, you have scared others through the cbi but kejriwal won't get scared.
you know what am i made of.
i will fight for the country till my last breath but will never get intimidated.
modiji's use of the cbi and other means won't scare me, i want to tell him clearly.
they say that my choice of words were incorrect, but your actions are bad.
my words may be bad, i was born in siwan village of haryana.
maybe my words were bad.
but your actions are bad.
you apologise to the nation for your misdeeds and i will apologise for my words, he said.
talking to reporters at sisodia's residence, kejriwal wondered why cbi conducted raids on the most honest party and the honest cabinet of the country and termed as complete lies the version of cbi and the centre.
they say that the raid was against my principal secretary rajinderji for favouring a particular firm in the 2007-14 period while he held the post of education secretary, vat commissioner, it secretary.
this is coming across as a lie to me.
but the action does not seem to be over this issue.
if kumar had awarded wrong contracts in his capacity as education secretary, the cbi should have raided the education department as well.
the cbi won't get any files related to those alleged contracts in the office of the chief minister as the cm's office does not keep record of files older than ten to fifteen days, said kejriwal.
the chief minister said if cbi was looking to probe irregularities in award of contracts, it would have raided offices of those departments as well as other officials who had taken such decisions.
those alleged files would be available in the record room of the education department.
if related to vat, it would be available in the record room of the vat department.
but they did not raid education or vat department or it department.
they have not even sought the files they are talking about from the delhi government, he said.
sayeed-modi meet soon to 'seal the deal' for jk govt formationnew delhi, feb 12, 2015 (pti) 20:00 istnegotiations between bjp and pdp for government formation in jammu and kashmir have intensified with both sides giving final shape to common minimum programme (cmp) amid speculation that party patron mufti mohammed sayeed will soon meet prime minister narendra modi for sealing the deal.
more than 50 days after state polls threw a highly- fractured mandate, the two parties have been holding discussions on ironing out differences on issues like abrogation of article 370, controversial armed forces special powers act, adoption of soft-stand vis-a-vis separatists and granting of special status to the state.
pdp, which has 28 mlas in the 87-member assembly, has formed a team of six people to begin the structured dialogue with the bjp.
it includes mps muzzafar hussain baig and tariq hameed qara, chief spokesman naeem akthar, mlas hasseb drabu and altaf bhukari and vikramaditya singh all of whom will be arriving in the national capital tomorrow.
the team is expected to tomorrow meet finance minister arunjaitley , who was nominated by the bjp along with arun singh, for negotiating with parties in the state for government formation, sources said.
bjp has 25 mlas in the state assembly.
this may be followed by a meeting between sayeed and modi to seal the deal, sources said.
bjp has in-principle agreed for a six-year term for sayeed while the party will hold the post of deputy chief minister which is expected to be given to state bjp leader nirmal singh.
after hectic negotiations between the two parties in mumbai and chandigarh, it was agreed that pdp will keep the home portfolio and bjp may get the finance.
akthar said the results was an opportunity for both pdp as well as bjp to bring normalcy to the state.
asked about a possible sayeed-modi meeting, he said nothing is scheduled.
for us, finalisation of government has to be preceded by a cmp which is must.
what will be the use of the government which will not be able to deliver on the ground, he said, adding, once the cmp is finalised, the government formation will be purposeful.
pdp had been offered support by national conference which has 15 mlas and congress which has 12 to form the government but it started negotiations with bjp, which made historic electoral gains in the state for the first time.
centre bans use of red beacons atop of vip carssagar kulkarni, new delhi, deccan herald news service apr 19 2017, 17:16 istthe notification in this regard will be issued soon, he said, adding that the decision is a democratic one.
deccan herald file photofrom may 1, president pranab mukherjee, vice president hamid ansari, prime minister narendra modi, union ministers, judges, chief ministers will not be allowed to use red beacon lights on their vehicles.
prime minister modi decided to end vip culture by deciding to strike off the rule that allowed high dignitaries to use red beacons and flashers on their vehicles.
jaitley acknowledged that the public debate over the vip culture and red beacons perceived as a symbol of arrogance of the powerful were the reasons for taking the decision.
immediately after the cabinet meeting road transport minister nitin gadkari got the red beacon atop is car removed and appealed to his colleagues to follow suit.
reports had it that the proposal to end the use of red beacons had been on the discussion table for more than a year.
last week, the prime minister's office had deliberated on the issue with officials from the road transport ministry.
the government is of the considered opinion that beacons on vehicles are perceived symbols of vip culture, and have no place in a democratic country.
they have no relevance whatsoever.
, an official statement said.
the aam aadmi party was the first elected government to withdraw the use of red beacons by its ministers.
more recently punjab chief minister amarinder singh had decided to do away with red beacons while uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath had banned use of hooters and sirens by ministers.
jaitley said to implement the decision the road transport ministry will have to delete rule 108 (1)(iii) of the central motor vehicle rules that allow use of red beacons by high dignitaries.
ex-servicemen rally in delhi against orop announcementnew delhi, dec 13, 2015, (ians) 17:00 istex-servicemen from across the country on sunday held a 'sainik akrosh' rally here to protest the government notification on the 'one rank one pension' (orop) issue.
the protesting ex-servicemen, who have been agitating at the jantar mantar here for the last 183 days, claim the orop scheme announced by the government is different from its original definition that was agreed upon between the two sides.
there is no demand.
.
.
the (orop) scheme that parliament approved and the notification issued are different, major general satbir singh (retd), who is spearheading the ex-servicemen's agitation, said.
there are seven major mistakes.
they (government) are telling the nation they have given the orop but they have actually finished it, he said.
singh also slammed finance minister arunjaitley for his alleged statement that more ex-servicemen were satisfied with the orop scheme announced by the government.
we are sad (that) arunjaitley said most veterans have agreed to the scheme.
.
.
it is a lie.
.
.
look at the number of people who have come, he said.
positive signals from oppn for passage of bills: venkaiahhyderabad, dec 20, 2015, (pti) 14:44 istthe government has got positive signals from the opposition regarding passage of some important bills in rajya sabha during the ongoing session, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said today.
i think from monday onwards parliament will run (properly).
as far as lok sabha is concerned, it is going on well.
rajya sabha (proceedings) will also go on.
(we have) got some indications (from the opposition parties).
congress also said they will extend support for passage of some bills.
we got positive signals (from the opposition).
we are also keen to pass them, naidu told reporters here at a press conference.
the minister said, we hope that gst bill and real estate bill and other bills, if they support, will benefit the nation.
if you have any objections with regard to bills, please discuss in the parliament.
but don't stall the proceedings.
naidu appealed to the main opposition congress party to cooperate in passing of the important bills.
our appeal to the opposition, mainly to congress, is that these bills are your bills (proposed during your regime) only.
please support these bills.
we can do a lot in the remaining three days (of parliament session), he said.
the minister said as many as 18 bills are pending for clearance in rajya sabha as on today.
hitting out at congress president sonia gandhi and vie-president rahul gandhi, naidu said their party is playing politics of vendetta.
ridiculing the agitation programmes undertaken by congress party workers yesterday in support of their leaders who appeared before a court in delhi in connection with the national herald case, the minister said the leaders should set examples and standards in public life with their acts.
if somebody is celebrating sense of victory against us, it is an awkward victory, he said referring to the celebration made after sonia and rahul got bail from court in connection with the national herald case.
referring to the allegations of delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal against finance minister arunjaitley , naidu said the allegations are highly motivated to divert people's attention from the serious cases against aap government.
over to presidential pollskuldip nayar, march 31, 2017, dhns: 23:54 istit looks as if the rss has openly come out to appoint its nominees at different places of governance.
if one were to look around in the country, the bjp  the political wing of the rss  has already taken over most of the country.
the presidential election is only a few months away.
yet again, the names tossed around for the top position are from the rss parivar.
today, there are as many as eight chief ministers of the bjp or, for that matter, from the rss.
they are also rss pracharaks.
they are: manoharlal khattar of haryana, trivendra singh rawat of uttarakhand, devendra fadnavis of maharashtra, shivraj singh chouhan of madhya pradesh, raman singh of chhattisgarh, manohar parrikar of goa, raghubar das of jharkand.
the latest to join the list of rss parivar is yogi adityanath of uttar pradesh.
above all, the countrys prime minister narendra modi is an ardent rss pracharak.
he came into limelight after being accused of instigating riots in gujarat where he was at the helm of affairs.
when he became the prime minister in 2014, he saw to it that the committed people from the rss would occupy important positions of governance, both at the centre and in the states.
when he began the stint at the centre, he did not give the impression of toeing the line of the rss but as the days went by, he gradually showed his true colours.
he brought in amit shah, his man friday, and foisted him as president of the party.
but it must be said to credit that of shah that the bjp swept through to power in the country with 71 lok sabha seats from up alone.
shah was instrumental in helping the bjp and its allies win 325 seats out of 403 in the state.
the sweep in up will help the bjp gain a sizeable number in the rajya sabha and with the partys two-thirds majority in the lok sabha, and the bjp win in the presidential election looks a mere formality.
indeed, this gives the kind of confidence to both bjp and the rss that whoever they put up as their candidate, there will be hardly any opposition.
even if there is a slight resistance from some of the non-bjp parties, it will only be in name.
the names for the presidents post that are doing the rounds include bjp leaders l k advani and yashwant sinha.
advani is a heavier name since he founded the bjp when the janata party was breaking up in 1980 soon after indira gandhi returned to power.
she punished the bjp members with vengeance.
sinha, a former bureaucrat, has vast experience.
both seem to be dear to the public.
there are also sympathisers within the party who favour their candidature because they have been sidelined since the advent of modi.
however, the ultimate choice of the presidential candidate will depend on the prime minister.
he is keeping the cards close to his chest and allowing the party to debate on different names.
modi will definitely want a person who will be at his command.
the two names that have emerged do not seem to fit into the scheme of things that modi has in mind.
ideal choicefinance minister arunjaitley is too young and the prime minister needs him in the cabinet and, among other things, he is an effective speaker in parliament.
home minister rajnath singh wanted to be the chief minister of up.
but now that adityanath is well entrenched as the cm, singh might be looking at this coveted position.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, who has conducted the house in an orderly way, is also being spoken about as an appropriate candidate.
the ideal choice would be a candidate who is apolitical, popular and experienced.
pranab mukherjee was selected as president because he was the hatchet man of congress president sonia gandhi.
the other reason for his elevation was that he was seen as an obstacle to rahul gandhi becoming the prime minister.
however, mukherjee was not above controversy either.
as a head of state he should not have published his memoirs while in office.
political parties were reluctant to criticise him because he is as much their constitutional head as of those who elected him.
mukherjee has violated the demand of office by publishing his memoirs when he is still the president of india.
even giani zail singh, former president, wasnt without blemish.
he installed rajiv gandhi as pm even before the congress had elected him as leader.
unfortunately, rahul gandhi has failed to make any impact while occupying the no.
2 position as vice-president of the congress.
sonia gandhi still has the tag of being an italian and, therefore, ruled out as effective support for any other candidate put up by opposition parties for the top position.
the communists are not taken seriously because of their dwindling strength in the country.
they have gradually been losing ground even in those states where they held sway until some years ago.
the regional parties except for the nitish kumar-led alliance in bihar and aiadmk in tamil nadu, hardly matter.
all these leave the field wide open for the bjp or the candidate which rss recommends, to make it to rashtrapati bhavan.
there is every reason to believe that the next president would be a person from the bjp-rss stable.
this would not really represent the real sentiment of the people.
they would want a person who would translate their aspirations.
rulers of different political parties will have to sink their differences and cast their net wide so as to catch the prize fish.
unfortunately, there is none available in the political field at this moment.
the alternative can be an academician, a scientist, a jurist or someone else who has excelled in his field with the knowledge of political affairs.
but that doesnt seem to happen.
there was no outside interference with the working of the modi-led nda government, he said.
the prime minister unquestionably has the last word.
no government, no finance minister or any other ministers can ever implement series of changes and reforms without full backing of the prime minister, he said at india economic convention here.
he further said that it is a tribute to the electorate that they elected a majority government after 30 years.
after 30 years, india got a single party majority government though we are still a coalition government and we will probably continue to be one, he said.
this had made the prime minister's office the final arbiter in decision-making, in stark contrast to the policy paralysis witnessed during the past decade due to the marginalisation of the pmo, where decision-making lay with those outside the government, he said.
taking a dig at the previous upa regime, he said: the political model of the governance in india had got skewed up because the prime ministerial office itself, which should be the last decision making body in the country and must have the final say, had been marginalised.
as a result, the impact was obvious on the policy making, he said, adding, the last one decade had gone back to those wasted decades of 1970s and 80s.
the finance minister said that the present government was totally clear on the direction that economic governance of the country needs to take.
we have sought to restructure the model of governance which takes the burden of employment off a fragile agriculture sector; one which forces the pace of development of the services and urban sector and builds a vibrant manufacturing sector, he said.
new delhi: march 22, 2017, dhns 2:13 istaadhaar may be must for filing tax returnssharpening its attack on black money, the government on tuesday proposed lowering the limit on cash transactions to rs 2 lakh instead of rs 3 lakh announced in this years budget.
the government also proposed to make aadhaar card mandatory from july 1 for filing income tax returns.
aadhaar will also be required for seeking the permanent account number (pan).
the proposals came as finance minister arunjaitley created history by moving as many as 40 amendments to the finance bill.
moving the bill for discussion in the lok sabha, arunjaitley also proposed amendments to the representation of the people act since, he said, a lot of election funding across the spectrum came from unknown sources.
jaitley said at present the act provided for revealing the identity of people making donations above rs 20,000.
the amendment would provide that if the money came by way of electoral bonds, the identity will not be disclosed.
the amendments were moved amid an outcry by the opposition which objected to the introduction of such amendments through a money bill.
in his budget on february 1, arunjaitley had proposed that the legal limit for cash transactions would be rs 3 lakh, in line with the recommendation of the supreme court-constituted special investigation team (sit) on black money in 2014.
the other proposed amendments to the finance bill include those related to the reserve bank of india and securities and exchange board of india acts.
amendments to laws like companies act, employees provident fund, smuggling and foreign exchange act, trai act and information technology act were moved to make the functioning of tribunals more efficient.
the amendments propose to merge tribunals and reduce their numbers from 40 to 12.
jaitley defended the amendments saying if a substantial portion of a bill deals with imposition or abolition of tax, it can be introduced as a money bill even if it has other incidental provisions.
earlier the government had made aadhaar mandatory for transfer of subsidies under the welfare schemes for the poor but changed the rule after it was bitterly criticised.
pay commission recommends 23.
55  hike; orop for civilians toonew delhi, nov 19, 2015, (pti) 22:15 istin a big bonanza to central employees and pensioners, the seventh pay commission today recommended a 23.
55 per cent increase in salary, allowances and pension along with a virtual one-rank-one-pension for civilians, involving an additional outgo of rs 1.
02 lakh crore a year.
a minimum pay of rs 18,000 per month and a maximum of rs 2.
5 lakh per month has been recommended by the commission, headed by justice a k mathur, that presented its 900-page report to finance minister arunjaitley here.
the recommendations, which are to be implemented from january 1, 2016, will benefit 47 lakh central government employees and 52 lakh pensioners.
the impact the recommendations will be rs 1.
02 lakh crore -- rs 73,650 cr on central budget and rs 28,450 cr on railway budget.
in percentage terms, the overall increase in pay and allowance and pensions over the business-as-usual scenario will be 23.
55 per cent, the report said.
within this, the increase in pay will be 16 per cent, in allowances 63 per cent and in pension would be 24 per cent, it said.
the total salary and pension bill of the central government, which will also include railway employees, will go up from estimated rs 4.
33 lakh crore to rs 5.
35 lakh crore during 2016-17.
the panel has suggested abolition of the pay band and the grade pay, though it retained the annual increment of 3 per cent.
it has also recommended a fitment factor of 2.
57 which will be applied uniformally to all employees.
without calling it one-rank-one-pension (orop), the pay commission recommended a revised pension formulation for the central government employees, including para-military personnel as well as for defence staff who have retired before january 1, 2016.
the chairman and other member dr rathin roy recommended the age of superannuation for all central armed forces personnel to be raised to 60 years from current 58 years, another member vivek rae did not agree with it.
he endorsed the stand of home ministry.
the formulation will bring parity between past pensioners and current retirees for the same length of service in the pay scale at the time of retirement.
in a significant recommendation, it enhanced the ceiling of gratuity from the existing rs 10 lakh to rs 20 lakh.
and the same will be raised by 25 per cent whenever da be raised by 50 per cent.
in the new pay structure, the grade pay has been subsumed in the pay matrix and the status of the employee, now determined by grade pay, will now be determined by the level in the matrix.
introduction of a health insurance scheme for employees and pensioners has been recommended.
meanwhile for the benefit of pensioners outside the cghs areas, cghs should empanel those hospitals which are already empanelled under cs(ma)/echs for catering to the medical requirement of these pensioners on a cashless basis.
all postal pensioners must be covered under cghs.
all postal dispensaries should be merged with cghs.
under the central government employees group insurance scheme, the rates of contribution as well as insurance coverage have now been enhanced suitably.
monthly deduction has been raised from rs 120 per month to rs 5,000 and insurance cover from rs 1.
2 lakh to rs 50 lakh for senior most level.
at the bottom of the matrix, it has been raised from rs 30 per month to rs 1,500 and the cover hiked from rs 30,000 to rs 15 lakh.
the commission recommended abolition of all non-interest bearing advances and increased the limit for interest-bearing advances for buying home from rs 7.
5 lakh to rs 25 lakh.
under the modified assured career progression (macp) the commission has proposed that annual increments not be granted in the case of those employees who are not able to meet the benchmark either for macp or for a regular promotion in the first 20 years of their service.
the commission has also recommended introduction of the performance related pay (prp) for all categories of central government employees, based on quality results framework documents, reformed annual performance appraisal reports and some other broad guidelines.
it suggested that the prp should subsume the existing bonus schemes.
it has suggested revision of rates of lump sum compensation for next of kin (nok) in case of death arising in various circumstances relating to performance of duties, to be applied uniformly for the defence forces personnel and civilians including capf personnel.
in view of grievances relating to new pension scheme (nps), it suggested steps to improve the functioning of scheme and establishment of a strong grievance redressal mechanism.
the commission has recommended a consolidated monthly pay package of rs 4.
50 lakh and rs 4 lakh for chairpersons and members respectively of the regulatory bodies.
in case of retired government servants, it said, their pension should not be deducted from their consolidated pay.
the consolidated pay package should be raised by 25 per cent and dearness allowance by 50 per cent.
yeddyurappa supporters reveal his conditions to quitlast updated: 29 july, 2011bangalore, july 29 (ians) 19:00 istsupporters of karnataka chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa friday made public his conditions to quit - full powers over the party and the new government, a free hand to lead the party in the next assembly polls and the chief ministers post thereafter.
the person chosen by yeddyurappa should be his successor, he should decide who will be in the new ministry, lead the party in the next polls and return as chief minister, harihar legislator b.p. harish said.
he is among the scores of legislators supporting yeddyurappa and had assembled at his residence to impress upon central leaders rajnath singh and arunjaitley to retain him as chief minister.
harish told reporters after these legislators met the two leaders that we have conveyed these demands to them and hope they will be accepted.
excise minister m. p. renukacharya, another yeddyurappa loyalist, said: we are confident that no decision will be taken in a hurry by our leaders and yeddyurappa will remain chief minister.
harish said he and several legislators and party members were upset that the decision to remove yeddyurappa was taken in delhi without consulting the assembly members.
in our party views of the legislators must and will prevail, he claimed.
house may see protest over fdinew delhi: 1:53 istopposition parties seek voting on foreign funds in multi-brand retailparliament is set to witness yet another stormy session from thursday, with the bharatiya janata party and the left insisting on a voting on the congress-led united progressive alliance governments decision on allowing foreign direct investment in the multi-brand retail sector.
in an attempt to reach out to the bjp, prime minister manmohan singh has invited top leaders of the principal opposition party  l k advani, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley  for a dinner at his residence on thursday.
the move came after the bjp and the left parties indicated during an all-party meet convened by the lok sabha speaker meira kumar on wednesday that they would allow the house to run only if the government agreed to hold a debate on the fdi in multi-brand retail under a rule that would entail voting.
though the government is confident that it had the support of enough mps in the lower house of parliament to defeat the no-confidence motion, the trinamool congress is planning to move, it is reluctant to have the debate on the fdi under rule 184 of the procedure and conduct of business in the lok sabha.
while the samajwadi party and the bahujan samaj party are likely to help the government survive a trial of strength on a no confidence motion, they may abstain in case of a voting under rule 184, thus putting the upa in trouble.
we want the house to run, we wish to cooperate in running the house, there are several issues waiting to be discussed.
but our pre-condition is that the issue on which an assurance was given to the house be taken up first under the rule 184, said bjp heavyweight and of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj.
she was referring to the assurance given to parliament by the then leader of the house pranab mukherjee in the winter session last year that a decision on fdi in multi-brand retail would be kept in abeyance till all stakeholders were consulted.
that assurance was completely and openly violated by the government.
it is important for political parties to express their view on fdi in retail in parliament and this can be done only through voting, swaraj told journalists after the all-party meeting convened by the speaker.
gurudas dasgupta of the cpi too said that as the government did not appear in the mood to have a discussion on the issue of fdi in retail under rule 184, parliament might not function for at least the first few days of the session.
there was no assurance in that sense of the word.
there is a committee of assurances.
.
.
we will go into the records on what pranab mukherjee had said, said parliamentary affairs minister kamal nath, adding that he would meet leaders of political parties over the next few days and try for a convergence of views to ensure that the winter session did not suffer frequent disruptions like the last three sessions of parliament.
if they (the opposition) want to defeat the government, the straight forward action is to go for no-confidence motion.
we welcome if anybody wants to move a no-confidence motion, congress spokesman and lok sabha mp p c chacko said.
though the tmc, which has 19 mps in the ls, is set to move a no-confidence motion against the government on the issue of fdi, its plea for support from the bjp-led national democratic alliance and the left parties did not elicit positive response.
trinamool congress, a former ally of upa, will move a no-confidence motion against the government on thursday.
party sources said the motion would be tabled just before the sitting on the first day of the session of the house.
party chief mamata banerjee has directed all the party mps, except kabir suman who is considered a rebel, to be present in the lok sabha on thursday, sources said.
majority of the opposition are of the view that a debate under rule 184 entailing voting would put the upa in more trouble than a trial of strength caused by a no-confidence motion.
the sp and the bsp, which has 22 and 21 mps respectively, would not want the government to fall and help it defeat a no-confidence motion, but may abstain in case of a voting following a debate on the fdi in retail under rule 184.
the dravida munnethra kazhagam, the congress partner in the upa, might also abstain, because, like the sp and the bsp, it also joined the clamour opposing the governments decision on fdi in multi-brand retail.
the dmk has 18 mps in the ls.
in a democratic set-up, the cabinet is competent to take certain executive decisions.
the opposition should not insist on putting them to vote.
.
.
if still they feel that the government has done something wrong and should be punished, they can move a no-confidence motion, said chacko.
new delhi, mar 1, 2016, (pti) 15:35 istbriefing the nda mps on the business ahead in parliament, naidu said modi would reply to the discussion on motion of thanks on the president's address tomorrow in the lok sabha.
a presentation was also made by naidu on various schemes related to farm sector, financial inclusion, social security, crop insurance, mudra bank, make in india, empowerment of dalits, women, youth and rural development, the sources said.
he spoke about significant outcomes under 60 new initiatives of the government and added that the members would be briefed on another set of 60 such initiatives during the next meeting.
referring to the opposition's criticism that a large number of accounts opened under 'jan dhan yojana' were empty, he said 20.
72 crore accounts were opened, of which over 10 crore accounts are in the name of women.
they have total deposits of rs33,379 crore, he was quoted as saying by sources.
union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi told reporters that the mps were very enthusiastic about the budget as it will empower villages, farmers and youth.
it is dedicated to them and all-round development of the country.
india has always been called an agrarian country but this is the first time the budget is being dedicated to farm sector.
we have heard about 'jai jawan, jai kisan' and this budget is dedicated to 'jai kisan', he said.
by 2019, he said, all villages will have electricity, water, irrigation and road connectivity, he said.
asked about the opposition's notice for privilege motion against hrd minister smriti irani, he said bjp members had also brought privilege motion against some opposition members.
some parties have been defeated in the debate in parliament on the issue.
now they are crying in frustration, he said, in a dig at congress and other opposition parties.
at a meeting attended by mps of bjp and its allies, except shiv sena, arunjaitley spoke in detail about the budget, underscoring that it also seeks to give a fillip to economic growth by improving infrastructure and business and investment climate.
sena mps did not attend the meeting, saying they were not informed about it.
there was some communication gap, its mp anandrao adsul said.
jaitley told the mps that the government was making all out efforts to created an insured and pensioned society and highlighted steps like health insurance and life cover announced for the masses, sources said.
bjp and its allies expect that the budget will help them blunt the opposition's charge that the government had an anti-farmer bias at a time when assembly polls are due in five states, including tamil nadu, kerala, assam and west bengal, in april-may.
crucial up election is scheduled for next year.
the over one-hour meeting saw a brief intervention by modi when he asked mps to work towards taking the benefit of newly announced 'pradhan manti fasal bima yojana' to farmers.
he urged nda mps to take this as a challenge in their constituencies, the sources said.
bjp chief amit shah, who was also present, lauded the budget for its pro-farmer and pro-village thrust.
the jnu row and the debate in parliament over it also found a mention with parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu giving an account of developments in jnu and hyderabad central university and urging the members to counter opposition's charges.
he praised hrd minister smriti irani's spirited reply and members too joined in with loud clapping, they said.
irani's reply has sparked a row with opposition members giving notice for privilege motion against her, accusing her of misleading the house.
press trust of india, new delhi, jun 14 2017, 11:54 istthe process of filing nominations for the july 17 presidential poll began today with the election commission issuing a notification in this regard.
the nomination process will continue till june 28.
the ruling nda and a loosely knit group of opposition parties have intensified efforts to zero in on a mutually acceptable presidential candidate.
but they would go their separate ways if a consensus proves elusive.
after a prolonged silence on the issue, bjp chief amit shah has constituted a three-member committee comprising union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu which will hold consultations with the nda allies and the opposition on the issue.
leaders of opposition parties will hold their meeting this afternoon to chalk out their joint strategy and come up with a consensus candidate.
the 10-member sub-group of the opposition is meeting for the first time after its constitution recently.
sources said the opposition leaders will try and come out with some possible names for the post of president, but will await the government initiative in this regard.
in a bid to ensure that non serious candidates do not file nomination for the prestigious election, laws were amended a few years ago.
now, a candidate who is supported by 50 'electors' and seconded by another 50 can file nomination.
elected members of the lok sabha and the rajya sabha and elected members of state legislative assemblies are the electors.
if the elections are held in case both the nda and the opposition field their candidates, then the results will be announced on july 20.
the term of present incumbent pranab mukherjee comes to an end on july 24.
tax sops likely in modi govt's 1st full year budget tomorrownew delhi, feb 27, 2015 (pti) 18:49 istfinance minister arunjaitley will present tomorrow the first full year budget of the nda government, which is termed as a 'make or break' fiscal exercise widely expected to unveil pro-common man measures and push forward 'make in india' campaign.
the budget, to be presented in the backdrop of the ruling bjp-led nda losing delhi elections, is likely to either raise tax slabs or hike investment limit in saving instruments.
the finance minister is also likely to pursue the path of fiscal consolidation and keep the fiscal deficit target at 3.
6 per cent of gdp, down from 4.
1 per cent expected this year.
besides doling out sops to the individual tax payers, he is also expected to unveil initiatives to boost investments by corporates and promote manufacturing as part of the 'make in india' campaign that aims to make the country a global manufacturing hub and create jobs.
the economic survey released today on the eve of the budget said that it should aim at creating a competitive, predictable, clean and exemption-light tax policy regime that will lower the cost of capital, incentivise savings and facilitate tax payer compliance.
it has also underlined the need for 'big bang' reforms to boost growth to 8-10 per cent in the coming years.
besides , it has pitched for raising public investments to drive economic growth and improving business environment by making regulation and taxes less onerous.
jaitley, who in his maiden budget in july 2014 had outlined his approach to providing relief to individual tax payers, is expected to continue this in the bjp government's first full year budget tomorrow.
last year, he had raised the personal income tax exemption limit by rs 50,000 to rs 2.
50 lakh and also raised by same amount the exemption from payment of i-t on savings to rs 1.
50 lakh.
however, this time around arunjaitley , according to experts, may choose only one of them as he looks at additional revenue to boost public spending and push economy to high growth path.
he may also look to raise the tax exempted investment limit in health insurance as well as exempt savings in pension schemes at all three stages -- entry, accrual and withdrawal.
a political move to address farm sectornew delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns 0:36 istahead of elections to five states, the modi government came up with a political budget as it attempted to address agrarian stress and tried to reach out to downtrodded to gain farmers and poors trust deficit.
bjp insiders believe the economic outlook shown in the budget will help party undo anti-farmers, pro-corporate and anti-dalits tags opposition had pinned on the centre because of land acquisition bill and dalit scholar rohith vemulas suicide.
prime minister narendra modi tried ward off this image of his government by obliquely criticising congress-led opposition through his comment that there has been a lot of politics over the poor.
for modi, the budget has a social message.
it tries to project that the government is pro-village, pro-poor, pro-farmer and the main focus is to bring a big change in the lives of common people.
several steps have been taken for the farmers.
the most important is pradhan mantri krishi yojana, modi said.
on the electrification and connecting rural india with mainstream, he stated that all villages will be connected by 2019 and electrified a year before that.
the about hour-and-half long speech of finance minister arunjaitley was littered with farmers word at least 32 times, infrastructure 27 times and middle-class either once or twice  lending strong indication of the agrarian thrust to the economic direction.
jaitley, in a post-budget press meet, however, refused to agree to a query that his budget was left of the centre on the grounds that media has conventional way of looking at things.
jaitley argued that the budget deals with the reality of india and was a product of a combination of several things.
some of the pro-poor schemes are  health cover of up to rs 1 lakh to bpl families, free lpg gas connection to women cooking food on chullahs and dialysis facility through ppp model at every district government hospitals and entrepreneurs hub for schedule castes to transform them.
the government announced allocation of rs 100 crore each for celebrating birth centenary of bjp ideologue pandit deendayal upadhyay and 350th birth anniversary of guru gobind singh which comes ahead of punjab assembly polls due some time next year.
rs 100 cr for 'ek bharat shreshtha bharat'new delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns: 1:17 istfinance minister arunjaitley earmarked rs 100 crore each for birth centenary of jana sang ideologue pandit deendayal upadhyaya and for 350th birth anniversary of guru gobind singh.
jaitley also said the government will launch ek bharat shreshtha bharat to link the states and connect people through exchanges in the areas of language, trade, culture, travel and tourism.
i have also allocated initial sums of rs 100 crore each for celebrating the birth centenary of pandit deendayal upadhyaya and the 350th birth anniversary of guru gobind singh, the finance minister said delivering his budget speech in lok sabha.
my belief is that the year 2017 will unfold the great historians dream.
our scheme of ek bharat shreshtha bharat is part of this vision.
we will chalk out milestones for nations journey beyond the 70th anniversary of independence, the finance minister added.
centre rushes security forces to mpdh news service, new delhi, jun 8 2017, 0:58 istfarmers' agitation: 1,100 anti-riot police deployed in mandsaurslipping out of hand: a bus was torched by farmers on the bhopal-indore highway in dewas district of madhya pradesh on wednesday.
ptia day after violence over farmers killing in mandsaur spilled over to four other districts of madhya pradesh, the prime ministers office (pmo) stepped in and sought a report from the shivraj singh chouhan government on the steps taken to bring peace in the state.
the ministry of home affairs dispatched 1,100 anti-riots police personnel to mandsaur to help the state machinery control growing violence after five people were killed during a protest by farmers demanding debt relief and better crop prices.
though chouhan had agreed to some of their demands and announced compensation of rs 1 crore and job to victims families, the flare up did not stop, with the bjp suspecting that the protest has been co-opted by anti-social elements.
modi is said to have taken stock of the snowballing farmers protest in consultation with senior ministers  including rajnath singh, arunjaitley and nitin gadkari  after the cabinet meeting on tuesday morning.
though the bjp leaders brazened out farmers protests in the states ruled by the party like madhya pradesh, maharashtra and certain pockets of rajasthan and gujarat, some party leaders admited that the situation was worrisome.
the party sources said chouhan called bjp president amit shah to explain measures taken to soothe agitating farmers in his state.
for a chief minister who was known as kisan mitra (farmers friend), chouhans inability to control the violence was questionable, said a party source.
however, bjp spokesperson g v l narasimha rao does not believe that the chief minister can be pinned down over the farmers agitation.
there is a criminal-political-caste angle to the agitation and agricultural interest is the last thing, rao told dh.
the chief minister had met farmers after june 1 agitation and accepted their demand to increase price of onions, announced price stabilisation fund to meet such crisis apart from announcing compensation package for victims families, rao said.
rao said, under chouhan, agriculture sector improved tremendously.
the agriculture growth rate of 20  is much more than the national growth rate.
madhya pradesh is number two among wheat-producing states and 40 lakh farmers have availed the crop insurance scheme, rao said defending chouhan.
the farmers protest crossed over to neighbouring bjp-ruled rajasthan.
farmers of pratapgarh district of rajasthan, which borders mandsaur, in support of madhya pradesh farmers, said they would stop supplies of milk and vegetables for a day.
they later withdrew their stir after assurances from the local administration, said a news agency.
clean energy and intellectual propertyby armin rosencranz and nitish raj, may 31 2017, 0:02 istconsumers will be benefited by a better clean energy product which may lead to a reduction in prices.
after the impressive victories of the bjp in the recent 2017 legislative assembly elections, ambitious prime minister narendra modi delivered a speech at the headquarters of his party.
he emphasised once again developing a new india if we go in accordance with the current level of pollution, global warming and greenhousegas effect.
the important question that arises is whether future generations will ever be able to see that new india or will it be just taken as a political rhetoric?
during his speech at madison square garden in september 2014, modi emphasised on developing of a new india by providing incentives to the startups and strengthening the information technology sector.
aware of climate change, the union government also realised the importance of a clean environment and passed ambitious projects like rejuvenating the ganga and swacch bharat abhiyan, which even led to raising taxes to fulfil that project.
before delving into clean energy technology and the barriers faced by it from intellectual property law, it will be helpful to define the term clean energy.
clean energy means power created from renewable sources of energy with low impact on the environment.
the possible examples might include wind energy, solar energy and hydropower.
the budget of 2010-11 created the national clean energy fund (ncef) for funding research and innovative projects for clean energy technology.
recently, finance minister arunjaitley renamed the clean energy cess as clean environment cess and doubled its magnitude.
it is estimated that rs 13,000 crore is contributed to ncef per annum.
the recent 2017-18 budget raised many eyebrows vis a vis the governments spending on clean energy technology.
the 2017-18 budget allocation to the ministry of new and renewable energy of rs 5,473 crore has not increased from the allotment made in 2016-17.
although it gave positive signals on developing biomass and methane-based clean energy through raising indirect tax incentives on them, it also raised concerns for declining financial support to research and further development of clean energy.
some positive intakes from the budget are also there like allotment of 20,000 mw of power to solar energy park development, powering of 7,000 railway stations with solar energy, reduction in tempered glass used in manufacturing of a solar energy plant from 12.
5  to 6 , reducing income tax by 25  for firms with an annual turnover of rs 50 crore.
earlier in september 2015, even the reserve bank of india introduced masala bonds which helped finance clean energy technologies.
the temperature around the world is generally increasing.
with more effects of global warming and the greenhousegas effect, emission of carbon gases like carbon dioxide and carbon mono- oxide will increase in coming years.
the united nations framework convention on climate change indicates that developed countries should assist developing countries in getting or obtaining cleaner sources of energy.
it has laid out the clean development mechanism indicating how assistance can be provided to a developing country by a developed one.
the supreme court in the case of g sundarrajan vs union of india observed that for the protection of environment, clean energy technology or renewable sources of energy should be preferred over non-renewable sources of energy.
net meteringfor adequate use of clean energy, the concept of net metering can play a crucial role.
net metering is mainly used in the case of solar and wind energy.
it is used to store electricity generated from these clean sources.
consumers can use this energy whenever they want to use it, which minimises the wastage of energy produced.
the energy is aligned with the main grid through net metering.
net metering has gained prominence in germany and japan.
when energy use is low, net metering allows people to pay less than the wholesale price of the electricity.
many scholars had anxiety about the barriers which clean energy will face from intellectual property laws.
the laws pertaining to intellectual property play a different role in the case of clean energy technology as compared to the pharmaceutical sector.
in the pharmaceutical sector, if a drug company obtains a patent over a drug, then it gains monopoly over it and no other pharmaceutical company is generally allowed to manufacture that drug.
that patent holder even gets the right to decide the price of its product by virtue of the monopoly it obtained through a patent.
in the case of clean energy technology, if one obtains a patent, the patent holder gets a patent only for the modifications in the energy source done by that holder.
this creates a competition for different players in the field of clean energy technologies.
consumers are benefited by a better clean energy product which, because of competition, may lead to a reduction in the prices.
thus, the intellectual property law is benefiting the consumer and also importantly the planet as a whole.
considering all the aspects discussed for the benefit of future generations, it is essential for the government to pass laws which promote use of cleaner energy technologies.
azad's expose was a pack of lies: batranew delhi, dec 22, 2015 (pti) 19:33 istreacting to kirti azad's expose on money embezzlement in ddca during arun jaitley's term, hockey india president narender batra today said the former india player's charges through a sting operation was a pack of lies and the receipts shown were all fake.
azad, who has been suspended by bjp after his allegations of corruption against union finance minister arunjaitley , has been trying to expose the alleged irregularities of the ddca for many years.
he held a press conference on sunday to again highlight the scam.
the former india cricketer, without taking jaitley's name, tried to show the financial fraud during his presidential term in the state cricket body from 1999 to 2013.
batra said that azad has been speaking lies all this while.
kirti azad has put at least 20 rti's against me, but he speaks more lies every time.
i am not getting into cricket, but let me tell you that whatever he said is all nonsense, all lies and all the bills that he was showing on tv were all fake, batra told reporters here.
he showed a 2013 bill of rk jwellers, i was the treasurer then and that bill is not of ddca.
it must have been his personal bill.
if he can prove that rk jwellers is a bill of ddca, i am telling you i will resign from hockey also.
then in the press report he showed l shine 3.
3 crore, now that total payment is of 33 lakhs only.
he has spoken a pack of lies.
i don't want to speak much on cricket, but i can speak a lot about about him, he said.
while delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has called for a probe on ddca matters, arunjaitley has not only rubbishesd the charges but also filed a 10 crore defamation suit against kejriwal and a few other aap members.
new delhi, dec 25, 2015, dhns 1:22 istfinance minister arunjaitley on thursday launched a counter attack on the aap for lowering the political discourse and said the right to vulgarity was not available to delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
what about the statements made by the honble chief minister of delhi about the prime minister and others, both inside and outside the delhi assembly?
if any functionary of the government of india were to use such language, it would witness a nationwide outrage, he commented his facebook post titled, stray thoughts after winter session.
vulgarity is not a right available to them.
the political discourse cannot be couched in vulgar language.
falsehood delivered with vulgar overtones is not a substitute of truth.
lumpenisation of public discourse can never be high point of politics.
functionaries of the delhi government and its supporters have lowered the level of political discourse, he commented.
he accused aap leaders of relying heavily on general falsehood without ever stating the specifics.
gst will ensure one tax in the entire country.
it will result in seamless transfer of goods and services in the country.
.
.
this is a major indirect tax reform which will in long run will be in interest of the country, he said, adding centre has addressed concerns of all the states.
the lok sabha, which had already passed the gst constitution amendment bill in may 2015, took it up today again to approve the modifications made in it by the rajya sabha last week.
the government had moved six official amendments, including scrapping of 1 per cent additional tax.
as regards the issue of states giving up sovereign power to levy taxes, the minister said it is not the case, states and the centre will be pooling in their sovereignty together and creating a new mechanism which will take all its decision within that pooled sovereignty.
appreciating political parties for showing unanimity in passing the bill in the upper house, he said, it is an important legislation and divided parliament passing the country would not benefit the country.
the minister further said the new tax regime will check leakages, increase tax base for centre and states, eliminate cascading effect of tax on tax, reduce tax evasion and improve ease of doing business.
jaitley, while moving the amendments to the gst bill cleared last week by the rajya sabha, said the constitutional amendment bill is an enabling law.
after it is approved by the state assemblies, three more laws-- central gst, integrated gst and state gst-- will be drafted by the gst council.
while the cgst and igst will have to passed by parliament, states will have to pass their sgst law.
he said it was the strength of the democracy that the states and opposition parties came on board for passage for the indirect tax reform bill.
majority of the political parties have come forward in support of the bill.
since it will be implemented by both the centre and states, it was necessary to build a consensus on it, the finance minister said.
recalling the history of gst, he said in 2003 the kelkar committee had suggested that structural changes should be brought about in the indirect tax regime.
after the nda government came to power in 2014, it started discussions with the states with regard to their concerns on compensation, he said.
while the gst bill, 2011, did not have a provision for compensation, the nda government initially provided for compensation to the states fully for 3 years and then for staggered compensation for 2 years.
the gst bill, 2011 said that all decisions of the gst council will be based on consensus but it did not specify what would consensus mean, arunjaitley noted.
upon the recommendations of the standing committee, it was decided that every decision of the gst council should be passed by three-fourth majority, he added.
the states would have two-third voting right in the gst council, while the centre would have one-third vote and hence both centre and states have to agree to pass a decision.
new delhi, nov 17, 2014, dhns: 2:33 istresponding to suggestions by former external affairs minister salman khurshid that prime minister narendra modi was taking people from home to be his cheerleaders in countries like myanmar, finance minister arunjaitley said the frustrations of congress leaders are understandable when they failed to draw crowds as modi at home.
if upa leaders during their days in government left the expatriate indian population underwhelmed, is it to be presumed that this should be true for others?
jaitley asked.
on sunday, khurshid said streets of myanmar capital nay pyi taw are usually empty, implying that the government might have flown in people from home to be at the event.
bjp almost begging me for an apology: kejrinew delhi, dec 29, 2015, dhns 1:14 iststepping up the heat against finance minister arunjaitley , chief minister arvind kejriwal said he would not apologise for targeting the bjp leader on the ddca issue as his governments panel did not give anybody a clean chit.
on a day when former solicitor general gopal subramanium, named to head a commission of inquiry (coi) into ddca corruption, accepted his responsibility, kejriwals party said the central government has no authority to stop the probe.
the bjp countered by claiming the ruling party was spreading falsehoods that the politically motivated coi had the approval to start functioning.
in a series of tweets, kejriwal lashed out at the bjp for its failed attempt to spread rumours that a clean chit had been given to jaitely by a government probe panel over alleged wrongdoings in the cricket body.
bjp almost begging me for an apology.
sorry.
i wont oblige them.
let arunjaitley ji be cross-examined in defamation casesl, said kejriwal.
new delhi: sep 25, 2015, dhns 1:54 istwith the poll campaign getting momentum, bihar chief minister nitish kumar has accelerated his attack on the centre over the issue of special category status to the state.
on thursday, nitish wrote a letter to finance minister arunjaitley and alleged that the centre is pruning schemes and the state is being deprived of its due.
he also reiterated that the package announced by prime minister narendra modi in a rally in the state was full of loopholes.
the bihar chief minister has tried to prove that central finances are not being granted in a manner that can help the state to remove its backwardness.
the letter has come as a response to a letter by the finance minister.
the recent correspondence is unmistakably political in nature and is being made to score political points in the ongoing poll battle.
it has started immediately after the announcement of the package.
nitish has accused the centre of pruning centrally sponsored schemes and including projects without discussing them with the state government.
problems state facesnitish has alleged that the state is being penalised for observing financial discipline.
he has said that the criteria for devolution of funds by the finance commission are also harming the state.
the population density and income disparity are not being considered, he said.
according to nitish, weightage given for forest cover also goes against the interest of the state.
he has argued that forest area in the gangetic plain is less.
he has raised the issue of annual floods which cause large- scale devastation in the state.
modi govt prepares for first anniversary celebrationsnew delhi, may 20, 2015, dhns: 1:23 istbjp plans a week-long 'jan kalyan parv'prime minister narendra modi may choose to spend the anniversary of his government on may 26 in a village away from the national capital with sources in the government saying the day may be spent on mass public contact programme.
modi, who held a meeting with a core group of ministers in his cabinet on wednesday after his return from a tour of china, mongolia and south korea, is understood to have discussed the ways in which the completion of one year of nda government should be celebrated.
the meeting was attended among others by finance minister arunjaitley , home minster rajnath singh, external affairs sushma swarah, parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu.
according to sources, the government is planning to commemorate the completion of one year in a week-long jan kalyan parv celebrations starting may 26.
while the prime minister is expected to spend his day either at his constituency at varanasi or at the birthplace of pandit deendayal upadhyaya at village nagla chandrabhan in mathura, his ministerial colleagues will go to various parts of the country, particularly to rural areas, to tell people about the welfare measures taken for underprivileged sections and farmers.
besides, the jan dhan yojana, which connects every household with a bank account, the government has initiated various social sector programmes for poor in the past 12 months.
important among these are pradhan mantri jeevan jyoti bima yojana, pradhan mantri suraksha bima yojana and atal pension yojana that are expected to take off from june 1.
modi maintains that his government has done much more in the first year of power compared to the work done by the previous two congress regimes.
the bjp has also lauded modi for direct attack on poverty through rapid economic growth and governance through cooperative federalism.
a dynamic foreign policy carried out by his government has also come for adulation by his critics.
the anniversary celebrations will also be used to shed modis pro-corporate image.
the bjp has already announced a three-month jan sampark karyakram or mass contact programme, to take forward its membership drive, which was first launched in november last year.
new delhi, mar 25, 2015, (pti) 14:39 istseeking to ensure a guaranteed flow of funds for urban local bodies, urban development minister m venkaiah naidu today favoured a share of goods and services tax (gst) revenue for municipalities to enable them take up urban reconstruction initiatives.
naidu expressed concern over the huge urban fiscal gap while addressing a national workshop on governance, administrative reforms and capacity building here.
he said that the countrys municipalities are the weakest in the world in terms of access to resources, financial autonomy and revenue raising capability.
quoting from a report of the mckinsey global institute, he noted that annual per capita income of all municipalities was only rs 1,430 as against the expenditure commitment of rs 6,030.
stressing on the need for predictable and guaranteed resource flows to urban local bodies, naidu said that he will explore the possibility of earmarking a share of revenues from the proposed gst with finance minister arun jaitley.
the minister emphasised that public-private-partnership model is a crucial vehicle for mobilising huge order of resources required for building smart cities and bridging the huge infrastructure deficit in other urban areas.
naidu observed that the success of ppp in india is associated with projects that are technically simple, have small gestation periods and allow easy estimation of costs but ppp is needed more in the more complex infrastructure projects and this shall be made a success through good governance and institutional framework.
expressing concern over inadequate capacities of urban local bodies, naidu informed that the government is giving priority to enhance required capacities through spending a specific share of cost of each scheme on capacity building, sharing of knowledge and information about best practices, promoting regional hubs for supporting capacity building of urban bodies.
the workshop was organised by the indian council for research in international economic relations (icrier) with the support of the ministry.
prime minister narendra modi had yesterday announced that the government will not re-promulgate the controversial ordinance on land acquisition which expires today and declared readiness to incorporate any suggestion in the bill, which is pending in rajya sabha.
i won't call it a setback.
it is set forward.
rather than involve ourselves in political stalemate and remain parked in a traffic jam situation, we take the alternative route, which has lesser political cost, allow greater flexibility to the states.
.
.
earlier last week, the government had issued an order to include 13 central acts like national highway and railways acts to extend benefits to those whose land is acquired under the land law.
replying to queries on gst bill, which is held up in rajya sabha, the minister said he was in touch with the congress party.
stating that congress was unsure of their stand, he added that the opposition party was the one who pioneered this and they are the one who is picking holes in their own proposals.
now that is a politically unsustainable situation.
.
.
in the budget session they told us, we will do it in the next session.
now they are saying that we are not against the gst, but we have some suggestions.
.
.
all right we will discuss the suggestions with them.
.
now they say don't do it right now.
do it after a little while, he said.
the constitution amendment bill to roll out gst, a new indirect tax regime, has been passed by lok sabha, but is stuck in the upper house where the government does not have majority.
new delhi, sep 24, 2015 (ians) 21:56 istpresident pranab mukherjee, vice president mohammad hamid ansari, prime minister narendra modi and other top leaders of the country on thursday condoled the deaths in a horrific haj stampede in saudi arabia.
deeply saddened by tragic incident at mina on thursday, during which a large number of haj pilgrims lost their lives, the president tweeted.
my sincere condolences to the government of saudi arabia and families of the deceased pilgrims.
i also wish speedy recovery to injured, he said.
ansari, in a message to saudi crown prince muhammad bin nayef, said: we deeply mourn this tragedy and extend our heartfelt condolences to you and to the people of the saudi arabia.
we express our solemn thoughts and pray in this hour of grief for the departed souls.
modi, in his message from the us, said: distressing news from mecca.
pained at loss of lives due to the stampede.
condolences to families of the deceased and prayers with the injured.
finance minister aurn arunjaitley and congress president sonia gandhi also mourned the deaths.
my condolences to the families who lost their dear ones today (thursday) in an unfortunate stampede during haj.
may the departed souls rest in peace, arunjaitley wrote on his twitter-handle.
the congress president said she prayed for the well being of the pilgrims and hoped that the indian citizens in mina were safe.
over 700 people were killed in the stampede on thursday that also left more than 800 pilgrims injured.
we would want him to give us details without any pre-condition.
we will take action, he said at a press conference here, when asked for his comment on falcianis statement that he would share information with the government of india on illicit funds, provided he is given protection.
jaitley said the indian authorities had met falciani and even offered to give him a reward if he shared information.
we had a meeting with hsbc representative also.
our representative went to meet him and even offered a reward if he shares information, he said.
meanwhile, the special investigation team (sit), set up by the supreme court to deal with the issue of black money, said india was prepared to give falciani and other whistleblowers full cooperation, if they part with the information they have about any illicit fund flow from india.
it, however, lamented that falciani had only created a hue and cry of the matter, rejecting the hsbc whistleblowers claim that indian authorities are not using a lot of information on illicit funds.
one should tell him to give the information.
we are waiting for the information.
he is not giving a reply.
he has created a wrong hue and cry.
we want to tell him to give it (information) to sit or to the government or to a journalist.
please, you (falciani) share it in the interest of the country, a news agency quoted sit chief m b shah as saying.
falciani, who is facing charges in switzerland for leaking details of bank account holders in geneva branch of hsbc, on monday claimed that millions of crores worth illicit funds were flowing out of india and he was willing to share information about it with indian authorities.
we need protection, he, however, demanded, while addressing media persons here through skype.
the centre may set up gold board of india to formulate a comprehensive gold policy and increase gems and jewellery exports.
a niti aayog panel set up to suggest ways to transform india's gold market has suggested far reaching changes to the finance ministry in the ways the country deals with the yellow metal.
the panel headed by principal adviser to niti ayog, ratan p watal submitted a copy of the report of the committee on 'transforming india's gold market' to the union finance minister earlier this week.
the suggestions also include reduction in import duty on gold which is at 10  since 2013 and despite that the smuggling in yellow metal has not come down.
among other things, it has suggested setting up of a bullion exchange of india which should be responsible for disbursement of gold loans.
it has suggested the gold board of india make gold related policies and introduce changes in that from time-to-time based on the need of the hour.
the panel has also suggested reducing gst levy on gold so that the export of gems and jewellery is given a leg up.
gold currently attracts a 3  gst levy.
the gem and jewellery industry is expected to take over 15  hit after the closure of nirav modi and mehul choksi group of companies post the punjab national bank loan scam, according to a report by care ratings.
he had suggested that the gold monetisation scheme would also be revamped to make it more people friendly.
congress likely to support insurance bill in rsnew delhi, dec 2, 2014, pti: 21:14 istgovernment is likely to get a favourable view from a parliamentary panel scrutinising the insurance bill that proposes raising foreign investment cap to 49 per cent, after congress agreed on most provisions except allowing fiis.
the select committee on the insurance laws (amendment) bill, 2008 headed by bjp's chandan mitra today met to discuss various aspects of the legislation.
sp and bsp stayed away from the meeting, while tmc staged a protest walkout.
the 15-member panel would meet again tomorrow and is likely to finalise a draft report by monday, sources said.
the panel has been asked to submit its final report by december 12 to rajya sabha.
at the meeting today the committee deliberated on almost half of the over 110 clauses in the bill, they said, adding the aiadmk appeared toeing the left party line which is opposed to allowing fdi in the insurance sector.
naveen patnaik's bjd and independent mp rajeev chandrasekhar were in favour of government's stand on the issue, sources said.
the bill proposes to raise the composite foreign investment ceiling (including fdi, fii and nri) from 26 per cent to 49 per cent.
sources said congress wants only foreign direct investment (fdi) should be allowed in the insurance.
in rajya sabha, the ruling nda does not have majority and would require support from other parties for passage of the legislation.
the approval to hike the fdi limit from the current 26 per cent, a proposal which has been pending since 2008, is expected to attract long term capital, besides improving the overall investment climate.
there are about two dozen private sector insurance firms both in life and non-life segment.
once the insurance bill is passed, the foreign investment ceiling in pension sector too would increase to 49 per cent.
new delhi, feb 1, 2017, dhns 0:36 istsurvey says local communities should monitor attendancethe economic survey has suggested introduction of biometric attendance system for teachers in all primary schools.
the survey has identified teacher absenteeism as one of the main causes behind the fall in the learning outcome of students.
the survey report, tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday, recommended that electronic record of the arrival and departure of the primary school teachers be maintained for each scheduled class, lecture or session.
a pilot project in one district of every state may be commenced for six months to be extended to all districts in three years, the economic survey 2016-17 added.
the recommendation of the survey assumes significance as the human resource development (hrd) ministry is working on laying down certain parameters to evaluate the performance of the school- teachers.
students feedback will be one of the key indicators for evaluation of teachers performance, hrd minister prakash javadekar recently said while addressing an event here.
while there has been improvement in access and retention, the learning outcome for a majority of children is still a cause of serious concern.
some of the underlying causes contributing to low quality of education in the primary sector are teacher absenteeism and the shortage of professionally qualified teachers, the economic survey underlined.
though the share of teacher component in total sarva shiksha abhiyan (ssa) budget has been increasing over the years from 35  in 2011-12 to 59  in 2014-15, teacher absenteeism and the shortage of professionally qualified teachers remain an issue to be addressed, it added.
an option to address teacher absenteeism that can be explored is biometric attendance of all teachers in primary schools for each scheduled class/lecture/session/ distinct from the present system, where it is morning and evening to ostensibly record arrival and departures with little control on activities during the working hours, the survey suggested.
the biometric attendance should be regularly monitored by the local communities and parents, it said.
it should also be put in public domain, it added.
the introduction of the biometric attendance system should be backed by adequate teaching aids, recorded lectures, etc.
to fill in for absentee teachers, the survey suggested.
the scope of implementation should leave room for flexibility at the local level so the same does not end up as top driven model schools.
the pilot of biometric attendance of teachers should be accompanied with an evaluation of learning outcomes, it added.
the union minister accused the congress, left thinkers and activists  who have charged that the government was doing nothing to curb violence  of trying to project india as an intolerant society through structured and organised propaganda so that nations growth story was obstructed.
over the decades, they have practised ideological intolerance towards the bjp and never intellectually accepted the idea of the bjp being in power.
they never allowed alternative viewpoints to grow in the universities, academic institutions and cultural bodies that they have controlled, he added.
their strategy is two-fold.
firstly, obstruct parliament and do not permit reforms which will bring credit to the modi government.
secondly, create, by structured and organised propaganda, an environment that (shows) there is a social strife in india.
they wish to project india as an intolerant society.
the congress, however, dubbed jaitleys remarks ridiculous.
he is out to please the boss (modi).
.
.
.
it does not behove him to talk like this at a time when from common man to the president and moodys to industrialists, the intellectual class, those who read books and write books, are expressing concerns over the atmosphere of intolerance, congress spokesperson ajoy kumar said.
jaitley said while the lynching of a muslim man in dadri over rumours of eating beef was a stray incident for which the perpetrators would be punished, a hostile propaganda was unleashed against the centre to put a spoke in its efforts to accelerate indias growth.
it (dadri lunching) was both unfortunate and condemnable.
the guilty will be taken to task.
notwithstanding such aberrations, india remains a highly tolerant and liberal society.
our cultural values have imbibed coexistence, he said.
india has repeatedly rejected intolerance and it does not respond to provocations, he added.
the obstructers have a simple planif they cant fight politically, they fight with hostile propaganda.
it is, therefore, incumbent upon every well-wisher of india and the present government to make sure that no action or statement of his provides a tool in the hands of those who want to obstruct indias growth story, he added.
face-off again between irani and mayawati in rsnew delhi, feb 26, 2016 (pti) 18:45 istsmriti irani and mayawati had a face-off yet again in rajya sabha, with the bsp leader today saying she was not convinced by hrd minister's statement with regard to rohith vemula's suicide and asking whether she would implement her two-day-old statement about chopping off her head.
the issue related to the suicide by vemula, a dalit student of hyderabad university, also led to a clash between irani and cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury.
mayawati, who has been demanding inclusion of a dalit in the panel probing vemula's death, slammed the government for appointing a one-man judicial commission of former allahabad high court judge ashok kumar roopanwal.
to my question whether a dalit member is part of the commission, the government has not answered this so far.
on february 24, i had asked this question and it has not been answered so far.
justice roopanwal is from the upper caste.
government's intention is dubious on this, she said.
she added that as per the laws, the government can increase the strength of the commission, and add a dalit member, but it has not done this so far, which shows its intentions towards the scheduled castes.
the former uttar pradesh chief minister said government's intentions are now clear and it is trying to save the accused who are from the rss.
she said that irani had said in the house two days back that if bsp is not convinced by the clarification of the government, she (irani) will chop off her head and present it to her.
since we are not convinced by the government's clarification, will she (irani) do that, mayawati asked.
on wednesday too, the house had witnessed a clash between irani and mayawati over the same issue.
yechury also took on irani for quoting certain facebook posts purportedly written by vemula which were critical of the cpi(m) leader and accused her of making all foul fair.
he questioned the veracity of the facebook account that she had claimed to be that of vemula.
can a facebook account be authenticated?
.
.
.
can 'quotes' from the 'cyberspace' be permitted without the same being authenticated, he questioned and insisted that nothing should go on record in the house without it is authenticated.
contending that he is n ot against any criticism, yechury said the authenticity of vemula's facebook comments against him need to be ascertained.
i have always said that let a hundred flowers bloom and let a thousand thoughts contend, he added.
at this, finance minister arunjaitley interjected, saying every word read out by irani has been authenticated by the registrar of the university.
yechury said the government had got these authenticated by the vice chancellors and registrars who are appointed by them.
the cpi (m) leader further said: yesterday she (irani) quoted from macbeth saying fair is foul and foul is fair.
she is making all foul fair without giving any authentication.
deputy chairman p j kurien assured yechury that he will look into the documents and check their authenticity.
yechury also said that vemula, in his letter written a month before committing suicide, had said that he should be given a rope, which indicated the state of his mind.
what did university do, he questioned.
with regard to jaitley's comment that he should condemn anti-india statements, yechury said he has already done it.
earlier, replying to questions raised by mayawati on vemula not getting fellowship payments, the hrd minister said the dalit scholar's last fellowship payment was stopped as he was asked to file some documents.
irani also termed as baseless the allegations that no one from the scheduled caste is a member of the hyderabad central university's proctorial board.
she said vemula's mother had spoken to her and sought a judicial inquiry and she had assured her that the government has set up a judicial commission, which is probing into the circumstances that led to vemula committing suicide.
on the judicial commission, irani said justice roopanwal was the judge of the allahabad high court, which is in a state of which mayawati was the chief minister and he is a noted jurist.
new delhi, dec 20, 2015, (pti) 16:52 istformer finance minister p chidambaram today said it was unfair to drag congress president sonia gandhi in an alleged attempt to fix finance minister arunjaitley during the upa regime and accused the modi government of acting with ulterior motives in the national herald case.
he said the probe by serious frauds investigation office (sfio) into the ddca affairs was referred by the then sports minister ajay maken on some complaints he had received.
i was told by mr ajay maken that when maken was the sports minister, complaints were received and those complaints were referred to the sfio.
i have not read the sfio report.
therefore i cannot comment.
seems a bit unfair to drag the name of mrs gandhi.
mr maken is in the best place to explain who referred the matter to sfio, he said.
chidambaram was commenting on an interview given by arunjaitley to a newspaper in which he had alleged that a bjp mp had met sonia gandhi during the upa tenure and they said they will fix jaitley.
though arunjaitley did not name the mp, the newspaper suggested it was kirti azad, who has been running a campaign against alleged corruption in the delhi cricket body ddca.
on the congress charge of bjp and modi government practising vendetta politics against the party, he said if subramanian swamy's complaint in the national herald case was a private one the government should have said we are completely neutral and we are completely indifferent to what happens to that complaint.
bjp leaders and ministers should not have spoken on the matter.
but on the day the delhi high court pronounced the judgement, chidambaram said virtually every bjp leader jumped with both feet and started commenting freely.
as early as august of 2014, three months after they came to power, senior bjp ministers commented that there is prima facie case in the national herald complaint.
why should the bjp minister or bjp leaders comment on a case if it is a purely private complaint?
, he asked.
asked on the criticism about jaitley's facebook post on the case which critics said was a direction to the enforcement agencies, chidambaram said there is a very strong reason to believe that the government is acting with an ulterior motive.
without naming swamy, he said the private compliant wrote to prime minister on august 13, 2015 complaining against the then enforcement directorate head rajan katoch and five days later he was virtually sacked.
i am told that letter is in public domain, he said.
asked who in the government was driving the probe in the national herald case, he said i cannot answer that question.
i don't know who is in and who is out.
i can speak generally about government.
prakash kumar new delhi: feb 3, 2016, dhns 1:39 istmtech students will soon get their revised post-graduate scholarship with the human resource development (hrd) ministry issuing a directive to the all india council for technical education (aicte) to immediately disburse funds.
however, crediting of arrears to students bank account may take more time as the hrd ministry would require at least rs 1100 crore fund for their immediate settlement.
the ministry has taken up the matter with the ministry of finance and is hoping to get a positive response.
if the arrears have to be settled today, the ministry would require at least rs 1100 crore fund, sources told deccan herald.
while the consultations with the finance ministry over payment of arrears is on, the aicte has been asked to immediately start releasing the enhanced scholarship to students from the funds available with it, they added.
the ministry had notified the revised rates of the post-graduate scholarships (gate/gpat scholarship) for mtech students with effect from december 12, 2014, increasing the amount of monthly stipend from rs 8000 to 12,400 per month.
however, the aicte could not disburse it due to paucity of funds.
about two months after notifying hike in the post-graduate scholarship, the hrd ministry witnessed a steep cut in its allocations when finance minister arunjaitley presented the budget for 2015-16 in parliament.
as a result, those pursuing mtech in technical institutes operating under the jurisdiction of state governments remained the prime sufferers.
those who cleared their mtech last year are still waiting for their arrears.
students of iits and nits remained unaffected as they have an entirely different system for these things.
we have been relentlessly waiting for our enhanced scholarship for last 13 months.
this month also, we got rs 8000 as stipend.
there are about 500 such students in my institute only, a student of the delhi technological university ravi ranjan (name changed) told deccan herald.
students getting admissions to mtech programme on the basis of their score in the graduate aptitude test in engineering become beneficiary of the scholarship.
those getting admission to mpharma programmes on the basis of their score in graduate pharmacy aptitude test (gpat) are also eligible for the scheme.
govt kicks-off cvc, cic selection processnew delhi, may 22, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istwith the supreme court clearing the decks for the appointment of chief vigilance commissioner (cvc) and chief information commissioner (cic), the government is going ahead with filling these positions.
prime minister narendra modi will discuss the names with senior ministers and officials at a meeting at his official residence on saturday.
sources said the meeting would consider shortlisted candidates for the cvc and cic.
around 530 have applied for the cic post, out of which a dozen names have been finalised.
the cvc and the vigilance commissioner will be chosen by a panel comprising prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh and congress lok sabha leader mallikarjun kharge.
modi is learnt to have nominated finance minister arunjaitley to the panel to select the cic and three information commissioners.
prez warns against deviation from constitutional principlesnew delhi, feb 11, 2015 (pti) 17:03 istpresident pranab mukherjee today warned that any deviation from the constitutional principles and provisions would weaken the democratic fabric of the country and jeopardise social, economic and political well being of citizens.
in his opening remark at the 46th governors conference here, the president said constitution was the only guiding document for providing framework for governance and asked governors to ensure peace and communal harmony.
every indian looks forward to the constitution as the guarantor of liberties, freedom and equality.
any deviation from the principles and provisions embodied in the constitution would weaken the democratic fabric of the country and jeopardise the social, economic and political well-being of our citizens, he said.
the president said the governors and lt.
governors have the primary responsibility to ensure that the affairs of the states and union territories are conducted strictly in accordance with the letter and spirit of this hallowed document.
prevalence of peace and communal harmony must be ensured, he said at the inauguration of the two-day conference which was attended by prime minister narendra modi and other cabinet ministers.
dwelling upon international relations, the president said india follows a policy of maintaining peaceful relations with all countries and all disputes, relating to our border areas or otherwise, should be resolved through peaceful means.
on the economic front, he said india is projected to have the largest workforce in the world by 2025, with a surplus of 47 million workers against a shortage of 56.
5 million skilled workers in the world.
this demographic dividend is a double-edged sword.
if their huge potential is tapped, they could become a powerful engine for growth.
on the other hand, if we fail to do so, it could create social tension, he warned.
he said the youth could become creators, innovators, builders and leaders of the future if they get proper education.
we must capitalise our advantage and enhance the employability of our youth through skilling, re-skilling and up-skilling, he said.
the president said skill development is also important for the success of the 'make-in-india' campaign aimed at facilitating investment, fostering innovation and making india a world-class manufacturing hub.
he expressed hope that the ministry of skill development and entrepreneurship will evolve an appropriate skill development framework, remove the demand-supply disconnect for skilled manpower, promote public-private partnerships and expand youth entrepreneurship education.
the president requested governors and lt governors to use every opportunity to promote these initiatives as well as to play a persuasive role in the implementation of jan dhan yojana.
mukherjee said the development of north-east is a priority area where much needs to be done for infrastructure development and to harness its tourism potential.
ethnic violence in assam needs to be countered effectively, especially the sinister motives to drive a wedge between bodo and non-bodo sections.
the genuine aspirations of the bodo people in terms of development must be addressed expeditiously.
under no circumstances can the spread of ethnic hatred be tolerated, he said.
besides the prime minister, governors and lt governors, the conference saw participation of union minister which included rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley.
the president said over sixty percent of rural population does not have access to or use sanitation facilities.
we must reverse this position by addressing problem areas like affordability and mindset through innovative solutions.
to deliver benefits effectively, the states and union territories should establish suitable administrative mechanisms to take swachh bharat mission down to every village or ward.
the governors and lt.
governors must use their persuasive skills and contribute to the achievement of this laudable objective, he said.
speaking on issues relating to fifth schedule of the constitution, the president called upon governors and lt.
governors to closely monitor development programmes in these areas for effective targeting, with special focus on quality of education and health.
he said autonomous councils/autonomous district councils (adcs), set up under the sixth schedule to the constitution in assam, meghalaya, mizoram and tripura, enjoy legislative, executive, financial and judicial powers.
governors of these states have a pivotal role to play in the administration of these areas.
village and municipal councils must be set up and elections conducted for decentralisation of power, he said.
a statement from the president's press office said he was happy to learn that the government is proposing to amend the sixth schedule to strengthen the democratic process in these areas.
there is also need to devolve more developmental funds to these areas.
laws prevailing in them also need to be codified, he said.
the statement said the agenda for the two-day conference of governors includes internal and external security with special focus on border states, financial inclusion, employment generation and achieving the goal of swachh bharat by 2019 on mahatma gandhi's 150th birth anniversary.
finance ministry rejects railways request for rs 32,000 crnew delhi, jan 12, 2016 (pti) 19:25 istfinance ministry has rejected the request of railways for rs 32,000 cr as revenue grant, sought to tide over the impending impact of the 7th pay commission recommendations on the public transporter.
in a communication to the railways, finance ministry has categorically rejected the rs 32,000 cr demand expressing its inability to provide the grant, and has asked the public transporter to raise its own resources to manage the finance, said a senior railway ministry official close to the development on the matter.
earlier railway minister suresh prabhu had written a letter to finance minister arunjaitley seeking rs 32,000 cr as grant from the exchequer's for implementation of the commission recommendations and has cited the difficult financial position that the railways is passing through.
i would therefore earnestly request you to help the ministry of railways and handhold it for the implementation of 7th cpc recommendations, the railway minister said in the letter last month.
prabhu hoped that during the coming 3-4 years period, railways would be able to absorb the impact from their resources through gradual adjustment of fares and other non-tariff revenue measures.
however, after the rejection of the demand, there would be a fresh attempt by railway ministry to take up the issue with the finance ministry.
according to the 7th pay commission report, the annual financial impact on railways will be approximately rs 28,450 cr in addition to the normal growth which will require to be built into the railway budget 2016-17.
the initial assessment, however, is that this additional impact would be around rs 30,031 cr over and above the normal assessed growth of rs 10,816 cr.
prabhu has repeatedly maintained that the pay commission burden is unbearable and the railways cannot implement it without government help.
currently, the railways is facing a financial crunch with earnings from freight and passenger earnings below the target.
currently, pay and allowances and pension account for 51.
5 per cent of the gross receipts of railways.
with the financial impact of the 7th cpc, this will increase to 68 per cent of the gross receipts in 2016-17 at present level of growth.
railways have put in place serious cost-cutting measures and are focusing on fuel management and other measures.
political parties must file itr by dec or lose exemption: govtnew delhi, feb 2, 2017, (pti) 14:07 istafter capping anonymous cash donations to political parties at rs 2,000, the government is amending law to make it mandatory for them to file returns on income by december every year or risk losing tax exemption status.
it is also changing the law to keep the identity of the donor confidential who buys the just-introduced electoral bonds from banks to make such donations.
in an interview to pti, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said political parties as per law enjoy exemption from payment of income tax, but half of them do not file income tax returns (itr) on time.
to promote transparency in political funding, the budget for 2017-18 seeks to amend law through the finance bill by making it mandatory for them to file returns by december end for any assessment year.
for example, for assessment year 2018-19 (fiscal year beginning april 1, 2017), returns will have to be filed by december 31, 2018.
they (political parties) will lose the exemption status if they do not file itr by december-end.
we will give a notice and cancel their exemption status.
through this, strictest discipline will come.
our experience is, for last two years, more than 50 per cent parties are not filing itr on time.
these are smaller parties which do not bother to file returns, adhia said.
he said these parties will now have to file their audited returns by december or risk losing the exemption status.
right now, many political parties file their tax returns very late after 2-3 years.
because there is a provision in the law that you can file late returns but you won't get expenditure allowances if you file late.
now, we are saying whatever is the time limit, within that time limit they have to file i-t returns.
and the time limit for trusts and political parties is december of the assessment year.
once the financial year is over within 9 months, you will have to file audited itr, adhia said.
the government will amend the representation of people act to ensure secrecy of the electoral bond buyers, soon notify the banks that will be eligible for issuing such bonds and come out with guidelines for the same by march.
amendment to the rbi act and the i-t act is already there in the finance bill.
there is an amendment which we are making in the representation of people act which is in the finance bill.
rpa says all donations above rs 20,000 will have to be given to the election commission with the name and address.
the anonymity will be lost there.
so, we have to amend that section also, he said.
the amendment to the representation of people act will state that if donation is received in 'bearer bond', the name of donor need not be mentioned to ensure the secrecy is maintained, adhia said.
the electoral bonds proposed in the budget will not carry the name of the donor and can be purchased from authorised banks against cheque or e-payment.
such securities can be redeemed only through registered accounts of a political party.
the current provision of the income tax act provides that up to rs 20,000 anonymous donation can be accepted and anything above has to be with name.
the budget seeks to amend the provision by saying no political party can accept cash from one person or one company above rs 2,000.
and this is made a conditionality for continuing the tax exemption.
enforcement is going to be easy now.
so, if there is a breach of this condition, we are entitled to cancel the exemption, adhia warned.
as for the tax exemption status, political parties do not have to pay any income tax on donations received and also there is a 100 per cent exemption available to persons who donate under 80g.
on filing itr, the rules require individuals to file returns by july, companies by september and trusts and political parties by december.
now, they cannot file late returns.
they will have to comply with it because there is a pressure that their exemption status will go away.
so, there is sheer time pressure, adhia said.
in his fourth budget, finance minister arunjaitley had limited donations to political parties from a single anonymous source to 10 per cent of the current rs 20,000 cap.
this in line with a recommendation by the election commission.
political parties will continue to be entitled to receive donations by cheque or digital mode from their donors.
an additional amendment has been proposed to the reserve bank of india act to enable issuance of electoral bonds.
adhia said a notified bank will issue bonds and any donor can buy these bonds through cheque or digital payment.
a donor can give the bonds to one or multiple political parties.
the same will be redeemable only in the designated account of a registered political party.
also, they will be redeemable within the prescribed timelimit from issuance of the bonds.
new delhi, march 12, 2015, ians/pti 17:48 istbjp president amit shah on thursday reconstituted the party's national executive which has 111 members, including prime minister narendra modi and senior party leader l.k. advani.
the list has 27 special invitees, including chief ministers and deputy chief ministers of the bharatiya janata party-ruled states.
hrd minister smriti irani, minority affairs minister najma heptulla, are among the prominent faces whom bjp chief amit shah dropped from party's national executive announced on thursday.
all the eight chief ministers of bjp-ruled states and two deputy chief ministers, including that in jammu and kashmir where the party shares power with pdp, besides 24 former chief ministers and three former deputy chief ministers are permanent invitees to the national executive.
the bjp chief has also made 40 senior leaders from across the country special invitees to the national executive.
among those who are part of the new national body include party veterans l k advani and murli manohar joshi, besides union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arunjaitley , m venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, ananth kumar, thawarchand gehlot, jagat prakash nadda, ravi shankar prasad, kalraj mishra, narendra singh tomar, harsh vardhan, bandaru dattatreya and radha mohan singh.
others include yashwant sinha, vinay katiyar, c p thakur, jual oram, s s ahluwalia, vijay k malhotra, besides hukumdev narayan singh, l ganeshan, lalji tandon, o rajgopal, tathagat roy, gulab chand katariya and subramanyam swami.
young ministers mukhtar abbas naqvi, dharmendra pradhan, rajeev pratap rudy, prakash javadekar, (gen) v k singh, suresh prabhu, birendra singh, piyush goyal and nirmala sitharaman are also part of the new executive.
other leaders like varun gandhi, tapir gaon, vijay goyal satpal maharaj, vishnubhushan harichandan, vijay mahapatra and p k krishna das, v shanmughanathan, are also its members.
party's firebrand leaders like yogi adityanath and navjot singh sidhu are part of the executive, while another such leader sadhvi niranjan jyoti is a special invitee.
all the bjp chief ministers shivraj singh chauhan, raman singh, vasundhra raje scindia, anandiben patel, raghuvar das, devendra gandadharrao fadnavis, manohar lal khattar and laxmikant parsekar, besides deputy chief ministers fracesco de d'souza and nirmal singh are also invitees.
besides, all legislative assembly and legislative council party leaders, state presidents of all states, all general secretaries (organisation) will be special invitees in national executive.
foreign funds to be cleared by departments, regulatorsnew delhi, feb 7, 2017, dhns: 0:11 istafter deciding to abolish the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) in the wake of over 92  overseas investments now coming through automatic route, the government on monday said the remaining investments will be cleared by the departments concerned and sectoral regulators.
the whole idea was to make doing business in india easier.
the logical conclusion was to wind up fipb, because over 92  of foreign direct investments are coming though the automatic route, commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman said.
she said for the remaining 6  to 7 , the ministries or a regulator for the department concerned was sufficient to take care of the investment.
after that the government said it hoped to put in place a new mechanism to replace fipb soon.
fipb offers single-window clearance for applications on fdi in india that are under the approval route.
the sectors under automatic route do not require any prior approval and are subject to only sectoral laws.
asked whether line ministries will be enough to take a call on foreign investments not routed automatically, sitharaman said, ministries of sectoral heads.
fipbs mandate was to recommend investments of up to rs 5,000 crore to the finance minister.
fdi beyond the cap needed cabinet committee on economic affairs approval.
new delhi: oct 23, 2015, dhns: 4:07 istas government raids recovered an additional 15,335.
95 tonnes of pulses from four states on friday, importers rushed to meet finance minister arunjaitley seeking exemption from adherence to stockholding limits.
importers told arunjaitley that they have contracted 25 lakh tonnes of lentils from international markets and that it will reach indian shores shortly.
they also offered to supply 1 lakh kg of arhar dal at rs 135 per kg to government agencies everyday during the festival season till november end.
pulses prices will come down only if there is smooth availability of imported dals.
therefore, pulses imports will have to be exempted from the stockholding limit.
any kind of restriction would dry the pipeline, said pravin dongre, chairman of the indian pulses and grain association, a mumbai-based trade body, after meeting jaitley.
pulses have to be milled after it is imported as whole grains and this process requires millers to hold large amount of lentil stocks.
the association also mentioned that the average stockholding limit for importers is about 300-350 tonnes in states.
imports would be difficult to undertake with such limits as a vessel carries a minimum of 50,000 tonnes of pulses.
raids continuestate governments continued to raid millers, importers, exporters, departmental stores and licensed food processing units within the ambit of the stockholding limits to boost supplies in the market.
about 15,335.
95 tonnes of pulses were recovered during raids in four states, including maharashtra and karnataka.
this takes the total seizure of pulses so far to 50,656.
79 tonnes following 3149 raids across 10 states.
according to the ministry of consumer affairs, of the 15,335.
95 tonnes of pulses recovered on friday, 7,033 tonnes was seized from maharashtra, 5,487.
74 tonnes from karnataka, 2,051 tonnes from rajasthan and 764.
07 tonnes from haryana.
as a result, there has been a decrease of about rs 200 per quintal in the rates of pulses in mumbai and also in future trading of channa, the ministry stated.
dvs, kse in delhi to meet senior leaderslast updated: 27 december, 2011new delhi, dec 27, dhns: 19:11 istchief minister d v sadananda gowda and bjp state unit president k s eshwarappa landed in the national capital on tuesday night to meet senior leaders amid reports that b s yeddyurappa has given an ultimatum to the party top brass to reinstate him as the chief minister by january 15.
gowda, who will relinquish his udupi-chikmagalur constituency lok sabha seat on wednesday, will meet bjp national president nitin gadkari and senior leaders l k advani, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley , and discuss the long-pending state cabinet expansion.
eshwarappa will accompany the chief minister for the meetings.
gowda was elected to the legislative council on december 22 and took oath as a member of the upper house on tuesday.
eshwarappa is likely to raise the issue of yeddyurappas threat to chalk out the future course of action if his demand was not met by january 15.
it is learnt that the party senior leadership has already told gowda that he could continue as the chief minister without any fear.
ruling out change of guard for now, senior party leaders are also learnt to have expressed their unhappiness over yeddyurappas repeated claim on the chief ministers post despite facing corruption charges.
the party bosses have made it clear to the former chief minister that he has to wait till he gets a clean chit from the court on corruption charges.
the leaders were not impressed with yeddyurappas claim that he was innocent and he was already out of jail on bail.
beijing, jun 27, 2016 (pti) 14:26 istchina has said the vexed border dispute with india and some emerging new issues pose a major challenge to the development of bilateral ties.
as the two neighbouring countries, china and india have historical issues such as the border dispute and also some emerging new issues with the development of the relations between the two countries.
how to deal with these issues is a major challenge for the relationship between the two countries, chinese assistant minister for foreign affairs li huilai said.
the two sides have agreed to strengthen communication and dialogue, and to seek a fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution through friendly consultations, and to manage and control these issues so that the overall development of the relationship between the two countries is not affected, he told pti.
the minister, however, did not specify what are the emerging new issues faced by the two countries.
the two countries held talks in april this year to resolve the vexed border dispute.
while china claims the border dispute is confined to 2,000 kilometres, mainly arunachal pradesh in eastern sector which it claims as part of southern tibet, india asserts the dispute covered the whole of the line of actual control (lac) including the aksai chin occupied by china during the 1962 war.
the chinese assistant minister also said that the main task that lies ahead for both china and india is to implement the consensus between leaders of both countries and strengthen the good momentum of the development in their ties.
over the past years, china and india have kept their relationship developing in a sound and steady manner.
the leaders of the two countries have successfully exchanged visits and met repeatedly, reaching an important consensus on deepening the strategic partnership between china and india and building a closer partnership for development, said li.
ai disinvestment: govt open to optionsdh news service, bengaluru, may 31 2017, 0:04 istaims to make flag carrier a stronger global airlinethe government is open to all options, including disinvestment, to take flag carrier air india to a new high, civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju said on tuesday.
raju and his deputy jayant sinha, however, did not elaborate on what are the options other than disinvestment available before them.
the talks come against the backdrop of arguments that there is no point in the government pumping money into air india as part of its turn around plan and financial restructuring plan (tap-frp).
under the tap-frp approved in april 2012, the government had committed to infuse equity of rs 42,182 crore from 2011-12 to 2031-32.
the niti aayog has made some recommendations.
it has suggested that we need to have a strong and viable airline.
all courses of actions are being examined.
we cannot disclose beyond this at this point of time.
we have not closed any options, raju told a press conference on the achievements of his ministry in the past three years.
asked whether the ministry of finance and the ministry of civil aviation were on the same page on disinvestment, he said that there is no point in viewing this issue in a compartmentalised fashion, saying the government has to be taken as one unit.
sinha said they have to sit together and chart out a winning strategy for the national carrier.
he said that in 2015-16, air india made operational profits for the first time in the past 10 years.
this is a national asset and we have to make it even stronger.
our aim is to make it a global airline, he said.
today, they have a market share of 14  and a debt of rs 50,000 crore.
your money does not go into private sector airlines such as indigo, spicejet, goair, and jet airways.
then why should you put rs 50,000 crore in running air india?
the government money means your money.
this money can be used for education, he had said.
asked about the cbi filing cases against unknown ministry officials on irregularities in aircraft purchase and other issues, raju said the ministry would fully cooperate with the probe.
the budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley on february 1 was closely watched as it was the last full-year budget of the nda government before the 2019 general elections.
so, the critical question was whether the budget would be populist or pragmatic?
and, could the finance minister achieve the perfect balance between the objective of boosting growth, maintaining macro stability and remaining on the fiscal consolidation path?
while the budget smartly balances populism with prudence, the fiscal deficit target slips from the budgeted number, as expected.
the government could have completely moved away from fiscal consolidation, given that this is an election-heavy year, or it could have continued on the pre-announced fiscal 'glide path' by aggressively cutting expenditure.
instead, a middle path has been chosen as suggested in the economic survey.
the revised estimate for fiscal deficit for fy2018 has risen to 3.
5  from the budgeted 3.
2  of gdp due to lower-than-budgeted indirect tax collection following the roll-out of gst, a shortfall in non-tax collection, and revenue lost from a small excise duty cut on petro-products.
in hindsight, it is obvious that the tax estimates were optimistic as those were based on the assumption of an ambitious nominal gdp growth rate of 11.
8 , which slowed to 10.
2 .
the government did not give in completely to the temptation of populism.
the fy2019 fiscal deficit is estimated at 3.
3 , just a 30-basis points deviation from the recommended glide path.
from the next fiscal, the government will do away with the announcement of revenue deficit targets.
it is argued that the expenditure on education and health are not considered capital expenditure but is necessary for human capital formation in the country.
moreover, infrastructure expenditure is being met through off-budget borrowings.
this makes the budgeted numbers of capital expenditure misleading.
as expected, the budget's focus was on agriculture, health, education and infrastructure.
in recent months, rural sector distress has been obvious.
the budget tries to improve farmers' incomes through various initiatives, like a minimum support price (msp) 1.
5 times the farmer's input costs, improving market infrastructure to bring farmers closer to consumers, launching 'operation green', and liberalising agri-commodity exports.
as almost half of the farm income comes from allied activities, two new funds of rs 10,000 crore for fisheries and animal husbandry were announced.
the government also announced a national health protection scheme to cover over 10 crore poor families, providing coverage up to rs 5 lakh per family per year for hospitalisation - a game-changing idea.
it is touted as the world's largest government-funded healthcare programme.
however, the allocation needed for such a huge programme is not clear, and implementation challenges remain.
there was hardly enough fiscal space to give any tax incentives to salaried individuals.
instead, the introduction of a long-term capital gains (ltcg) tax of 10  on gains from equity came as a negative surprise.
job creation has been a problem in the country.
high growth has not been able to stir up the job market.
this has led some to call it 'jobless growth'.
the budget tries to address this issue.
the corporate tax rate for companies with turnover less than rs 250 crore has been reduced to 25  from 30 .
this is projected to benefit almost 99  of msmes, which create the largest number of jobs in the country.
the government will also contribute the 12  epf contribution for new employees for the next three years and establish skill centres in every district.
higher allocations for textile and leather sectors, rail and road, border connectivity, urbanisation and smart cities, tourist sites and a low-cost housing programme are positive and can help create much-needed jobs.
nascent recoveryrural demand has stabilised with the fading impact of demonetisation and supported by a good monsoon.
various indicators like tractor sales, two-wheeler sales, and rural wages point towards it.
the budget furtheraims to support the momentum with higher allocation for agriculture and rural infrastructure.
this will give a boost to rural demand.
with increase in consumption demand, capacity utilisation will improve and private investments will start flowing in.
by deviating only slightly from the fiscal target in fy2019, the centre did a good balancing act.
the budget is all about the agricultural sector and the common man.
an expansionary fiscal stance could have driveninflation higher resulting in premature monetary policy tightening by the rbi that would be disastrous at this fragile stage of economic recovery.
the private investment has finally bottomed out.
so, higher borrowing by government will result in higher interest rates and raise the cost of funds for investments for the private sector.
the government has already undertaken several disruptive structural reforms in the last couple of years.
now, the time is to consolidate these and complete the various schemes started.
there still exist some implementation glitches in gst.
the focus should be to make tax-filing easy and speed up input tax credits and refunds to ease up working capital flows.
however, the risk from higher oil prices remains.
it has the potential to derail the budgeted numbers.
if global oil prices inch up, the government would have to cut excise duty on petroleum products to protect consumers.
this will lead to loss of revenues.
the subsidy burden may also rise over the rs 25,000 crore budgeted.
higher oil prices will also put pressure on inflation.
a point to note here is that increasing msp by 1.
5 times the input cost might also push inflation high.
however, it seems that the details of msp hike have not been worked out yet.
unless it is rolled out soon and actually helps in increasing farmers' incomes, the budget will fail to address rural distress.
this might prove costly for the ruling government.
cash donation to parties capped at rs 2k, poll bonds proposednew delhi, feb 1, 2017 (pti) 16:19 istin order to cleanse the political funding system and check black money, finance minister arunjaitley today proposed to restrict cash donations to political parties from individuals to rs 2,000 and introduced an 'electoral bonds' scheme.
the electoral bonds, which will be issued by notified banks, can be redeemed by recognised political parties within a prescribed time limit.
in accordance with the suggestion made by the election commission, the maximum amount of cash donation that a political party can receive will be rs 2,000 from one person.
besides, the budget proposed an amendment to the reserve bank of india act to enable the issuance of electoral bonds in accordance with a scheme that the government would frame in this regard.
under the scheme, a donor could purchase bonds from authorised banks against cheque and digital payments only.
they shall be redeemable only in the designated account of a registered political party.
also, political parties have to file returns.
political parties would know who has given the money and they will disclose in returns how much bonds they have got.
bonds will be bought through cheque and bonds will be encashed with banks.
it will be clean money and .
.
.
shardul amarchand mangaldas partner amit singhania said the budget proposes to provide that the income of political parties will be exempt only if no donation more than rs 2000 is received in cash and the political party files an income tax return.
this is a welcome step in ensuring transparency in political party funding as it curbs not only the cash donation but also mandates compulsory filing of tax returns, singhania said.
press trust of india, new delhi, may 14 2017, 12:40 istthe income tax department has launched an online facility to correct errors in names and other details in permanent account number (pan) and aadhaar document.
alongside the facility to link biometric identifier aadhaar with pan, the department has also put two separate hyperlinks on its e-filing website -- one to update changes in existing pan data or for application of new pan by an indian or a foreign citizen.
the second hyperlink is for individuals who want to update aadhaar details by logging into 'aadhaar self service update portal' using the unique identity number.
the individual can then upload scanned documents as proof for data update request.
over 1.
22 crore assessees already have aadhaar-linked pan but the number is abysmally low as there are over 25 crore pan card holders in the country, while aadhaar has been issued to 111 crore people.
as per statistics with the tax department, only 6 crore people file income tax returns at present.
finance minister arunjaitley , through an amendment to the finance bill for 2017-18, had made aadhaar mandatory for filing income tax returns and provided for linking of pan with aadhaar to curb tax evasion through use of multiple pan cards.
last week, the income tax department launched a facility to enable a taxpayer to link his aadhaar and pan.
it required a person to put in pan and aadhaar number along with his name as per the unique identification authority of india (uidai) data.
after verification from the uidai, the linking will be confirmed.
in case of any minor mismatch in aadhaar name provided, aadhaar otp will be sent to the mobile number registered with the uidai.
additionally, the income tax department has now launched a facility to correct anomalies in pan or aadhaar document.
online courses see huge budget boostuma kannan, bengaluru, feb 3, 2017, dhns 0:02 istin a bid to encourage online education, and help students in accessing high quality resources, the government is planning to launch the swayam platform with at least 350 online courses.
he also added that access to swayam will be widened by linkage with dth channels that are dedicated to education.
helloclass ceo and co-founder prakash rengarajan lauded the launch of the new platform.
using dth channels to link online courses will provide access to high-quality education resources for students, and will be beneficial to students in the rural areas of the country, rengarajan said.
helloclass is into online tutoring and curriculum-based assessments, among others.
commenting on this new platform, coursera chief business officer nikhil sinha said, online education is an important component of the countrys ability to expand higher education and swayam alone wont be the answer to making high-quality education widely available.
the government also needs to reduce the regulatory hurdles for good quality private online education providers, both domestic and international.
the finance minister also announced extending pradhan mantri kaushal kendras (pmkk) to more than 600 districts across the country, and about 100 india international skills centres will be established.
these centres would offer advanced training and also courses in foreign languages.
jaitley also announced the launch of the skill acquisition and knowledge awareness for livelihood promotion programme (sankalp) at a cost of rs 4,000 crore.
sankalp will provide market relevant training to 3.
5 crore youth.
wisdomjobs.com founder and ceo ajay kolla said the focus on developing a skill-ready workforce will be key to generating more job opportunities in the future.
he said skill centres will ensure that talent is tapped from tier ii, iii and iv cities as well.
with the sankalp and strive programmes, the government continues its emphasis on skill development.
however, skill development needs to go hand-in-hand with job creation and the government needs to focus on increasing employment in the formal sector, said sinha.
new delhi: sep 26, 2015, dhns: 2:11 istthe narendra modi government on friday began a year-long celebration of jana sangha ideologue pandit deendayal upadhyayas birth centenary from nehru memorial museum and library (nmml), which has been at the centre of controversy over the culture ministrys plan to make it more contemporary.
in india, there are some people who want to restrict any debate around a few individuals.
our belief is that no matter how many ideologies there are, there can be differences of opinion regarding them, but there should be debate on all ideologies, union home minister rajnath singh said, addressing the function.
if there could be a debate on (communist leader) manabendra nath roys radical humanism, why cant there be a discussion on deendayal jis idea of integral humanism?
he wondered.
if you can teach radical humanism in the text books, why integral humanism cannot be also discussed?
the events to be organised during the year to mark the jana sangh leaders birth centenary will give a big opportunity to the government to present his personality and views before the nation, said finance minister arun jaitley.
when asked why the nmml was chosen for the launch of centenary celebration of jana sangh leader, union culture minister mahesh sharma told reporters that the mandate of the institution was not only limited to spreading the message of pandit jawaharlal nehru but to highlight contributions of other great leaders too.
i think it is fortunate if, as per the objectives behind this institution, apart from nehruji, others who contributed to the freedom struggle or making of modern india also find place here, he told reporters.
new delhi: nov 10, 2015, dhns 2:06 istin a bid to insulate prime minister narendra modi from the bihar poll drubbing, the bjp on monday stated that they miscalculated the grand alliances caste consolidation which led to the defeat.
a day after the grand alliance, comprising the jd(u), rjd and the congress, won a 2/3rd majority, bjp president amit shah convened the party parliamentary board meeting to analyse the humiliating defeat, the second after a similar drubbing in delhi polls in february.
the party sources said they felt that the three parties in the grand alliance would not be able to transfer each others votes, given long held social incompatibility among castes the jd(u) and rjd respectively represented among the obcs and dalits.
the main reason for defeat seems to be that in the 2014 lok sabha elections, the rjd, jd(u) and the congress fought independently.
modi and senior ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and nitin gadkari were also present in the meeting.
the vote shares of the jd(u), rjd and the congress in the 2014 lok sabha elections put together came to 45 per cent, while it came down marginally to 41 per cent in the assembly polls, said bjp sources.
similarly, the ndas vote share was 38 per cent in the 2014 elections and declined by 4 per cent in the assembly polls and partners the ljp,rlsp and the ham (secular) did poorly to pull down the ndas prospects, sources added.
in the meeting, bjp sources said, a section of senior leaders felt the need to shield modi from the criticism that the prime minister should not have addressed more than 31 rallies in bihar.
losing an election with such a huge margin is not that big a set back in comparison to people debating that modi was losing political currency, said sources, expressing partys fear.
as the nda did not declare its chief ministerial candidate, modi took the onus on himself to spearhead the campaign and even posters primarily had his and shahs photographs, pushing local leaders to the margin.
petro park to come up in mangaluru: union ministerputtur, jan 24, 2015, dhns: 0:08 istunion minister for chemicals and fertilisers ananth kumar has said that the central government wants to set up a petroleum, chemicals and petrochemicals investment region (pcpir) in mangaluru.
in this background, i have asked mangaluru mp nalin kumar kateel to hold talks with minister for petroleum and natural gas during the next budget session, he added.
speaking at the inauguration of three-day krishi yantra mela 2015 organised by the campco, arecanut research and development foundation (ardf) and vivekananda college of engineering and technology at puttur on saturday, he said the pcpir would come up at paradeep, vishakapattanam, nagapattanam and dahej (gujrat) at an estimated cost of rs 10.
5 lakh crore.
this will provide employment to 37 lakh people, he said.
on continuation of subsidy to naphtha-fed units, he said that he had held meeting with kerala chief minister oomen chandy and discussed on completion of gas pipeline from kochi to mangaluru.
the mps have agreed to extend their support to the gail which has been implementing the project.
the production of urea with the existing naphtha-fed system will continue till the natural gas is made available to the mangalore chemicals and fertilizers ltd. the gas pipeline is likely to be completed in next two-and-half years, he added.
import duty on arecanuthe said that he would impress upon the union minister for finance arunjaitley to increase import duty on arecanut from 115 per cent to 175 per cent.
import of arecanut in a large quantity was responsible for decrease in price of arecanut in the domestic market.
the import of arecanut from nepal has been banned.
when the government wanted to ban import of arecanut from bangladesh, a writ was filed in the court.
the central government will try its level best to vacate the writ, he said.
the union minister said that the centre was planning to revive rubber cultivation on the model of coffee.
the price of rubber has slashed in the international market.
the centre is committed to protect the interest of the rubber growers, kumar added.
before implementing food security, there is a need for fertiliser security in the country.
the country should become self-reliant in the production of fertilisers in the next five years.
the centre has decided to set up a fertiliser factory in madhya pradesh, the minister added.
chief minister siddaramaiah has held talks with me on setting up of 13 lakh tonnes capacity urea production unit in karnataka.
the department has received a letter on the same.
the cm has promised to hand over 500 acres land for the same, he said.
mp nalin kumar kateel said the people in dakshina kannada were worried over the recommendations by kasturirangan report on western ghats, fall in the prices of arecanut and rubber.
we will support setting up of petro park.
it should come up on sez land.
the farmers land should be protected.
karnataka zonal post master general aindri anurag released a postal cover on varanasi subraya bhat.
dharmasthala dharmadhikari d veerendra heggade, union minister of state for heavy industries and public enterprises g m siddeshwar, campco president konkody padmanabha and others were present.
new delhi, mar 26, 2017, (pti) 13:34 istwhy was not the conversion of old currency notes allowed till march 31, 2017 for indians as assured by prime minister narendra modi in his speech on november 8 announcing demonetisation?
the reserve bank of india (rbi) has refused to answer the question under the right to information (rti) act claiming the query does not come under the definition of information as per the transparency law.
the prime minister in his speech on november 8, 2016, announcing demonetisation, had assured countrymen that they could convert the notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500 till march 31.
later, it was decided that the window till march 31 will be kept only for non-resident indians who constitute a major support base for the ruling bjp.
the issue about the time limit for converting old currency notes is also being heard by the supreme court where attorney general mukul rohatgi has reportedly submitted that the law will prevail over the words of the prime minister.
in its response, the rbi refused to share file notings on the decision to limit currency conversion window till march 31 only for nris saying it would be against the economic interests of the state.
the applicant had sought reasons, as recorded in the files of the rbi, behind the decision to not allow conversion of currency till march 31 for indians as assured by the pm.
the question is in the nature of seeking reasons or justification from cpio which is not defined as information as per section 2(f) of the rti act, the response form suman ray, central public information officer, said.
the supreme court has clarified the issue in one of its noted judgements saying if opinion or advice is available in the records of the public authority, it will come under the definition of the information under the rti act.
former information commissioner shailesh gandhi said that section 8(2) of the rti act allows disclosure of information, even if it is exempted, if it is in larger public interest.
the rti act defines information as any material in any form held by or under the control of a public authority.
the definition covers any material in any form, including records, documents, memos, emails, opinions, advices, press releases, circulars, orders, logbooks, contracts, reports, papers, samples, models, data material held in any electronic form and information relating to any private body which can be accessed by a public authority under any other law for the time being in force.
the bankers' bank has stonewalled almost every rti query pertaining to demonetisation citing one or the other reason.
it had refused to respond if the views of finance minister arunjaitley or chief economic advisor were taken before demonetisation was announced, it had also refused to disclose reasons behind the sudden move, among others.
it had also refused to allow access to minutes of the meetings held to decide on the issue of demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes.
after the deadline to exchange the scrapped notes expired on december 30, 2016, the government issued an ordinance saying only those who were abroad, the armed forces personnel posted in remote areas, or others who could give valid reasons for not being able to deposit the cancelled notes, can do so till march 31.
ddca probe on even if centre strikes it down: kejriwalnew delhi, dec 29, 2015, (pti) 18:18 iststriking a defiant note, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today said the commission of inquiry ordered by his government will probe alleged irregularities in ddca even if it is struck down by the centre.
kejriwal said the file pertaining to setting up of the commission has been forwarded to the pmo by the home ministry even as head of the probe panel gopal subramanium has written to national security advisor ajit doval, seeking a list of five officers each from ib, cbi and delhi police to assist him in the inquiry.
is it true that mha has sent ddca file to pm to decide whether to declare enquiry commission illegal.
what will pm do- declare it illegal or allow enquiry?
though it will have no impact on ongoing enquiry commission, kejriwal tweeted.
delhi's lt governor najib jung had questioned the legality of appointment of the probe panel by the aap government to probe the affairs in delhi and district cricket association, triggering a new round of confrontation with kejriwal dispensation.
the delhi chief minister also made a fresh allegation against ddca officials who he did not name, suggesting that they had sought sexual favours in selection of players.
the aap has been targeting finance minister arunjaitley , alleging that wrongdoings took place in the ddca during his 13-year tenure till 2013 as its head.
on his part subramanium, a former solicitor general, also wrote to kejriwal requesting him to send the names of five outstanding investigative officers from the anti-corruption branch with their dossiers.
subramanium told kejriwal that he has written to doval as the central government itself called upon the delhi government to get an investigation done into alleged irregularities in the ddca.
obviously, this means that the central government would render all possible assistance in this regard, the top lawyer wrote.
in his letter to doval, subramanium said that some of the disclosures may also pertain to national security.
it is important that i must ask you to step in and offer suitably qualified officers who will also be morally endowed to assist the commission, he wrote.
from doval, subramanium sought shortlisted dossiers of five of the best officers of the ib, who should be of the level of joint director and below, five officers from the cbi and five officers of the delhi police, with their records.
i would leave it to your discretion to choose any officers(s) from any of the other state cadres, you believe to be competent, he added.
asked what will be his move if the enquiry panel is declared null and void by the centre, subramanium said, prima facie all the procedures have been followed in institution of the enquiry.
but still if something happens or somebody overturns it, i cannot refuse.
i am not here to fight or adjudge the defamation of the constitution.
i can proceed on basis of what has been granted to me and ensure that a transparent enquiry is held, he said.
subramanium said he wants to pick someone who is competent enough.
this is part of any enquiry procedure that one needs to have have logistical infrastructure in place at the beginning of the probe, he added.
the reason to seek his (doval's) help is also his ability to judge if there is any issue relating to the security which i am very particular about in the matter as anything may come up during the investigation, he added.
yesterday, the former solicitor general had strongly pitched for live telecast of the proceedings to make it transparent.
formally accepting to head the commission, subramanium had said that its formation was in tune with provisions in the constitution, notwithstanding lt governor najeeb jung's reservations over it.
the delhi cabinet had on december 21 approved setting up of the one-member commission of inquiry under subramanium to probe alleged irregularities in ddca.
pm seeks ideas on budget at niti aayog's maiden meetnew delhi, feb 6, 2015 (pti) 16:38 istahead of his government's first full year budget, prime minister narendra modi today sought ideas from economists to attract investments, create jobs and finance infrastructure to put india back on high growth path.
modi brainstormed suggestions with leading economists at the maiden meeting of think tank niti aayog and will follow it up with another meeting with chief ministers on sunday.
niti aayog had today organised a meeting .
.
.
jaitley, who will present the general budget for 2015-16 on february 28, said suggestions were mainly related to the high growth roadmap for the indian economy.
these were also in relation to the financing of infrastructure, how to attract investment, how to boost domestic savings and the state of agricultural sector was particularly discussed, the finance minister said.
the meeting also discussed suggestions with regard to effective implementation of several flagship schemes of the government and how poverty levels can be brought down.
chief economic adviser arvind subramanian, aayog's full time members bibek debroy and v k saraswat, minister of state for finance jayant sinha, planning minister rao inderjit singh, ex-rbi governor bimal jalan, subir gokarn, ashok gulati and g n bajpai were also present in the meeting.
niti aayog came into existence on january 1 after the government scrapped the socialist-era planning commission.
when asked if giving statutory status to the aayog was discussed in the meeting, arunjaitley replied in negative.
to another query, he said issues related to government subsidies too were not discussed.
railway budget: govt likely to boost investment by $9 billionmanoj kumar, new delhi , feb 25, 2015, reuters: 17:11 istindia's decrepit state-run train services stand to receive at least a 25 percent boost in investment to over $9 billion, funded solely by falling fuel costs, according to officials familiar with a railway budget set to be unveiled on thursday.
the world's fourth largest rail network could get even more if prime minister narendra modi makes it a priority, as china did during its rapid economic growth over the past two decades.
there are high hopes that his nine-month-old government will plough money into investment in infrastructure needed to haul the economy out of a rut when it presents its first annual federal budget on saturday.
the separate rail budget - a relic of the country's british colonial past - could show how far modi's india is prepared to drive investment in a vital transport sector.
the fall in diesel prices and a pick-up in freight earnings have given us a golden chance to raise investments, said one government official.
falling oil prices have saved billions of dollars in subsidy spending across the economy, but finance minister arunjaitley is under pressure to prevent the fiscal deficit from busting a target of 3.
6 percent of gross domestic product.
railway minister suresh prabhu, according to the officials, has factored in savings from cheaper diesel totalling between 120-150 billion rupees ($1.
9 billion-$2.
4 billion) in the 2015/16 fiscal year, starting on april 1.
but, he has also asked the finance ministry for an extra 200 billion rupees ($3.
2 billion) to invest in track and rolling stock upgrades for a network used by some 25 million passenger each day.
he is unlikely to get that much, though one official with knowledge of the budget discussions expected a significant increase in federal funding for the railways.
in 2014/15, 454.
5 billion rupees ($7.
30 billion) was budgeted for investment in the railway - with the government providing 66 percent and the rest coming from internal resources.
india's biggest employeran increase in the budget allocation would go some way to offset disappointment at the lack of private sector interest in investing in railways, after modi's government last year suggested public-private partnerships for new routes.
as usual in india, lawmakers have made populist calls for the windfall from reduced diesel costs to be used to slash already heavily subsidised fares.
but prabhu is unlikely to pay much heed.
there is no plan to cut passenger fares, a senior government official told reuters.
at the same time, revenues from freight are expected to increase as the economy improves.
freight heavily subsidises passenger traffic in india, making it more expensive than road transport.
providing jobs for 1.
3 million people, the railway is india's largest single employer, and reform is politically sensitive.
successive governments have backed away from modernization, preferring instead to use the system to provide cheap transport and jobs.
years of under-investment, however, means services are slow and plagued by frequent accidents.
there are over 300 projects pending that need about 1.
8 trillion indian rupees ($28.
91 billion), said the senior official.
but burdened by a rising wage bill and pensions, investment fell to less than 8 percent of an estimated 1.
61 trillion rupees revenue in the current financial year, compared to 25 percent seven years earlier.
new delhi, sep 11 , 2015, dhns: 1:57 istafter the finance ministry and india inc, the niti aayog has now joined the debate surrounding the reserve bank of india (rbi) cutting interest rates.
on wednesday, aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariya told a tv channel that the time was ripe for the central bank to cut the policy interest rates by at least 50 to 100 basis points.
he said a 100 basis point cut will have a stronger effect on the pass through by the lenders.
may be this will begin the process of the pass through with a little stronger effect.
currently, pass through is 0.
3 per cent out of 0.
75 per cent cut in rates by rbi since january, he said.
panagariya is the latest to plunge into the debate involving rate cut.
earlier, finance minister arunjaitley repeatedly nudged the central bank for monetary policy easing to help spur economic growth.
last week, jaitleys chief economic advisor arvind subramanian, too, flagged deflation concerns in the economy demanding albeit indirectly a rate cut by the rbi.
the demand for rate cuts have gained momentum despite governor raghuram rajans vociferous appeal not to seek such a favour.
rajan had recently said that interest rate cuts should not be seen as goodies that the rbi gives out after public pleading.
rajan had said the rbi has to keep in mind the interests of households as much as the interest of industry bodies.
at present, the repo rate, rate at which rbi lends to commercial banks for short term, is 7.
25 per cent.
incidentally, last week even the finance ministers and central bank governors of g-20 countries from across the developed and developing world had agreed that ultra-low interest rates were not enough to accelerate economic growth and the governments should instead push reforms.
the g-20 meeting at ankara was attended by arunjaitley and rajan.
jaitley dismisses reports of use of naval chopper by familynew delhi, dec 27, 2014, (pti) 15:17 istfinance minister arunjaitley today dismissed media reports that his wife and daughter used a naval helicopter in goa on december 23.
media reports had claimed that jaitley's wife and daughter were flown by a naval helicopter, made available at the instance of defence minister manohar parrikar, from dambolin airport resort to cancona in south goa.
secondly, they did not use any governmental facility, least of all a naval helicopter.
thirdly, manohar parrikar, the defence minister, had not sanctioned the use of any defence helicopter for them.
in fact, since it was purely a private visit, manohar parrikar was not even aware of the fact that they were in goa.
the minister said that no activist has a right to invent falsehood and then publicise it over the social media and demanded the media organisations tender an apology and express regret over the same.
oppn should fight bjp politically, says jaitleynew delhi, nov 4, 2015, dhns: 1:58 istfinance minister arunjaitley categorically dismissed the ongoing debate over rising intolerance in the country on tuesday, saying opposition parties should fight their battle with the bjp politically instead.
where is intolerance?
the situation in the country is absolutely peaceful.
the country has never been intolerant and will never be intolerant.
political opponents must fight the battle politically, he told reporters here.
jaitley was responding to questions from the media over congress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi leading a march to rashtrapati bhavan to appeal to president pranab mukherjee to use his constitutional powers to end the atmosphere of intolerance.
we want a good atmosphere in the country.
an atmosphere of intolerance cannot be created in the country by just making statements.
there is absolute peace in the country.
hence, there is no point in raising issues for political reasons.
everybody has a right to live his life in his way, he said.
jaitley described the recent incidents, including lynching of mohammed akhlaq in dadri, as aberrations, saying this was a crime and action must be taken against whoever perpetrated it.
he also described the killing of kannada scholar m m kalburgi and two other rationalists narendra dabolkar and govind pansare as a crime, saying culprits of these killings must be arrested and punished.
if some incident happens like the one in karnataka, which is congress ruled, and those in maharashtra, during the upa-ncp regime, you cannot link them to the central government (of the day) for political reasons.
this is not fair.
the government condemned these incidents.
it never supported them, he added.
the minister also disapproved the decision of protesting writers, artists, scientists and filmmakers to return their awards.
there was no justification in returning awards when the atmosphere in the country is absolutely peaceful, he added.
new delhi: dec 24, 2015, dhns 1:55 istaam aadmi party (aap) workers on wednesday protested near union finance minister arunjaitley residence demanding his resignation on corruption charges.
hundreds of protesters were detained at the protest spot near race course metro station and tughlaq road residence of arunjaitley , before being released.
demand fm resignationholding the national flag, the protesters shouted slogans demanding the ministers resignation and his arrest.
delhi aap chief dilip pandey and former aap minister somnath bharti led the protesters who climbed police barricades before inviting a lathicharge.
pandey said the party plans to hold similar protests in all district headquarters across the country on december 26.
the protesters were stopped by police while they were marching from the metro station towards jaitleys residence and taken to parliament street police station.
matter for inquiryjaitley should step down as he is holding an office which may help him interfere with an inquiry into his alleged corruption, said bharti.
he said bjp leader l k advani had also resigned from lok sabha in 1996 after allegations were levelled against him in the hawala case.
the case, however, later collapsed due to lack of evidence.
jaitley on monday filed a defamation suit against chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders and demanded rs 10 crore in damages for linking him with alleged corruption in the delhi and district cricket association.
ruckus in rs over mass 'conversion'new delhi, dec 16, 2014, dhns: 1:42 istafter a week of peace, pandemonium returned to rajya sabha on monday with the united opposition demanding a discussion on religious conversion and an assurance from prime minister narendra modi.
the proceedings could likely be affected on tuesday since both the sides are refusing to climb-down in the upper house, where the opposition has an arithmetic edge over the government.
mayhem returned just when the house was having orderly conduct of business for the past four days after it was paralysed last week over comments by union minister niranjan jyoti in an election rally.
trouble began right away, when the house opened for business at 11 am until it was adjourned for the day at 3.
12 pm.
in all, the house could hold the session for about 65 minutes.
there was an agreement between the government and the opposition to hold the discussion on monday itself.
during the course of the session, opposition was on its feet demanding that the government should hold the discussion on conversion and forced conversion by the sang parivar outfits in uttar pradesh and an assurance from pm modi that an agra-style conversion ceremonies will not repeat elsewhere.
the government refused to give in, saying home minister rajnath singh would reply to the debate.
leaders from congress, samajwadi party, jd(u), cpi(m), cpi and trinamool congress insisted that modi should reply, amid accusation from the treasury benches that the opposition was not interested in a debate.
new delhi, mar 20, 2015, (pti) 16:39 istrailways minister suresh prabhu today acknowledged existence of corruption at various levels in his ministry and said the government is determined to weed it out through stringent action and putting in place a transparent system.
there have been instances, allegations, complaints of corruption about corrupt practices at various levels.
.
.
one of the memebers of the railway board is under suspension.
i agree that we need to take corrective steps, prabhu said replying to questions in rajya sabha.
he acknowledeged the existence of corruption and corrupt practices in areas including award of contracts and employment.
he also admitted to instances of hoodwinking of people.
prabhu said his ministry is trying to put in place a system in all award of contacts and introduce utmost transparency in other areas including appointments.
we have implemented utmost transparency.
we need to change the whole system.
.
.
there is corruption at various levels.
.
.
but we are committed to do everything to weed out corruption, prabhu said.
we need to take very stringent measures.
we have sought the services of former cag vinod rai.
.
.
he is my advisor.
we will take as many steps as possible in as many areas as desirable to prevent corruption, the minister added.
in order to prevent hoodwinking of people, he said, the railways have started a web-based interactive redressal mechanism where one can lodge a complaint using mobile.
update of the complaint can also be tracked.
prabhu said corruption generally prevails if the system is susceptible to it.
the railways minister said the number of officers on whom punishments were imposed departmentally as a result of vigilance proceedings were 251 in 2012, 168 in 2013 and 231 in 2014.
similarly, sanctions were given to cbi for prosecution of 15,16 and 13 officers respectively in those years, he said.
railways have well established systems, rules and procedures which guide its various functions.
taking corrective measures, as and when required, is a continuous process, prabhu said in the written reply.
if any irregularity is detected, suitable disciplianry action is taken, depending upon the gravity of the charges and in consultation with the central vigilence commission, in cases of involving group a officers, he added.
the minister also highlighted the recent intiatives taken to prevent corruption including putting details of all tenders on website, stores procurement through e-tendering and reverse auctions, changes in the tatkal reservation process and on-line allotment of rakes among others.
the bill, however, protects persons holding foreign accounts with minor balances which may not have been reported out of oversight or ignorance, from criminal consequences.
evasion of tax robs the nation of critical resources necessary to undertake programmes for social inclusion and economic development.
it also puts a disproportionate burden on the honest tax payers as they have to bear the brunt of higher taxes to make up for the revenue leakage caused by evasion, it said.
under the measure, the tax authorities have been vested with powers of discovery and inspection, issue of summonses, enforcement of attendance, production of evidence and impounding of books of account and documents.
it also provides for adequate safeguards, making it mandatory to issue notices and grant opportunity to the assessee of being heard.
appeal to the itat, high courts and supreme court has also been provided to safeguard the interest of the assessee.
as per the bill, the government have been empowered to enter into agreements with other countries or jurisdictions for exchange of information, recovery of tax and avoidance of double taxation.
amendments to the prevention of money laundering act (pmla), 2002, would be carried out to include offence of tax evasion as a scheduled offence under the act.
the proposal to come out with a new law on the black money was announced by arunjaitley in his budget speech last month.
the issue of black money, especially alleged stashing of illicit wealth abroad in places like switzerland, has been a matter of huge political debate for a long time.
the government has also been under pressure to act on the issue of black money, as bjp had mounted a huge campaign during the lok sabha polls last year with an assurance to check this menace.
pm modi wants to revamp cabinet, but can't find the peoplenew delhi, dec 30, 2015, (reuters): 12:53 istafter a drubbing in a state poll in november, indian prime minister narendra modi wants to overhaul his cabinet to weed out underperformers and improve his government's image.
problem is, several sources said, he can't find the right replacements.
as new delhi buzzes with speculation about changes in several ministries, senior members of the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) and a close aide to modi said some changes could come early next year but the talent pool was too shallow to engineer a major revamp.
pressure is mounting on modi to revive his party's fortunes.
nearly two years after he swept to power on a promise of jobs and growth, the shine is coming off - reforms to revive investment have withered and the economy is stuttering.
rural distress has grown after two successive droughts.
the challenge is to identify the right candidates who can deliver fast-paced reforms and policies in their work sphere, the prime minister's aide said.
articulate and suave, finance minister arunjaitley has been considered for the defence portfolio, another high-profile role that is crucial to modi's geopolitical ambitions and plans to boost indian industry.
but there was no one to take jaitley's place in finance, the sources said.
a spokesman for modi declined to comment.
an official in jaitley's office said they didn't have any knowledge of a possible reshuffle.
modi tends to keep such decisions close to his chest, and the sources said the final decision lay with the prime minister.
they added that he has yet to make up his mind on the changes, and that nothing has been confirmed.
another close aide to the prime minister dismissed talk of a reshuffle as speculation, saying it had no basis.
dearth of talentthe problem with the government's search for talent is that modi's hindu nationalist administration is loath to tap people who are associated with other ideologies, such as liberals or the left.
at the same time, the right-wing intelligentsia has not developed after decades of rule by the centrist congress party, under which liberal institutions flourished.
compared to the congress, we have a smaller talent pool and less exposure, but it's only a matter of time that we expand our base, bjp vice president vinay sahasrabuddhe said.
he said modi has embarked on the process of fine-tuning the government machinery and also send a concrete signal that inefficiency will be checked.
bjp's defeat in bihar state polls earlier this year led to calls from within the party and the hindu group that is its ideological parent, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), to remove ministers and party officials who failed to deliver.
although a general election is not due until 2019, the government's fortunes will depend on upcoming provincial polls, including an election in bellwether uttar pradesh state in 2017.
top rss and bjp leaders are expected to meet in new delhi in the second week of january, where these issues are likely to be discussed.
a revamp is also expected to send the message that modi will not tolerate remarks by ministers that fan intolerance against india's non-hindu minorities.
junior ministers giriraj singh and niranjan jyoti could be removed after they made public remarks construed as anti-minority, the sources said.
singh's and jyoti's offices said they have no information about modi's reshuffle plans.
some ministers are also looking for a change.
foreign minister sushma swaraj has asked to be moved to a portfolio with a more domestic focus, the sources said.
swaraj's office said they will not comment about her plans.
road transport minister nitin gadkari was offered additional charge of the agriculture ministry, but he declined saying he already had too big a job, the sources said.
a source in gadkari's office declined to comment, calling it a hypothetical question.
modi is looking to the rss and may go further afield in southern and northeastern states to find new, lesser-known faces to bring to his government, his aide said.
that would also give his cabinet a more pan-india feel, the aide said.
reserve bank of india deputy governor viral acharya in his speech titled the unfinished agenda: restoring public sector bank health in india at the 8th r k talwar memorial lecture recently suggested that deposit franchise of state-run banks, which are in the 'intensive care unit' should be sold off to private sector banks as the time is running out for state-run banks to clean up their balance sheets.
he further added that india may need a sudarshan chakra to clean up the banks as their pace of action were slow.
he was referring to the government's indradhanush plan, and hinting that the government was getting frustrated at the slow pace of action.
all of us are aware that the indradhanush plan was announced by the government in 2015, under which public sector banks (psbs) were promised rs 70,000 crore in capital over four years, starting with rs 25,000 crore each in 2015-16 and 2016-17, and rs 10,000 crore each in 2017-18 and 2018-19, to meet basel iii norms on capital adequacy.
and banks had to raise the remaining rs 1,10,000 crore either from the market or through internal accruals.
though the ipo market was very buoyant and a number of companies have been raising money from capital markets, psbs, other than issuing perpetual bonds, have not raised money through public issues.
acharya was perhaps hinting that bank boards have not been able to approve any public capital raising at this juncture, when there was so much liquidity in the system.
maybe he was conveying rbi's intent that capital infusion has not worked and that psbs cannot hope to be bailed out forever.
the rbi incidentally has put six psbs under the prompt corrective action (pca) in the last few months.
a recent crisil report says that a whopping 16 out of the 21 psbs may come under the pca framework.
a psb placed under pca is restricted from announcing dividend, opening of branches and giving loans to companies rated below investment grade.
finance minister arunjaitley has also said in this context that this would mean immediate cash release initiatives, such as sale of assets, closure of non-profitable branches, reduction of overheads, business turnaround initiatives, such as strengthening of the credit appraisal process under active npa management, and several others.
reflecting its concern on the slow pace of action and to fast-track consolidation among state-run banks, the union cabinet recently gave in-principle approval for mergers among public sector banks.
the problem however is that any plans for merger has to come from the banks' boards.
and the boards seem to be in a comatose state as of now.
rationale for psb consolidation and immediate gainsthe government has stated that its decision to create an 'alternative mechanism' would facilitate consolidation among nationalised banks and create strong and competitive banks.
the government feels that by reducing the total number of public sector banks in the banking landscape to four or five banks from the current 22 (21 psbs and sbi), it can create truly global banks -- banks that can manage bigger risks or potential shocks.
banks that can also lend to mega projects in the country something that they have not been able to do till now.
the positive fallout of the consolidation exercise is the economies of scale associated with size.
we know that economies of scale will eventually lead to reduction in costs and improvement in profits of psbs.
mergers could mean closing down loss-making branches and reducing the number of employees.
surely, this is something the employees are going to oppose.
in the current scenario, there are instances of many psbs and branches of the same bank competing with each other in the same street.
it is like the government competing with itself.
is it sayonara for psbs?
recapitalisation has only promoted inefficiency and lethargy among psbs as they know that the government is going to bail them out in any eventuality.
by giving licences to small banks and payments banks, and encouraging microfinance companies in the private sector, rbi is thrusting them with more responsibility in its financial inclusion initiatives.
and by consolidating and reducing the number of psbs, the government seems to be making its intention very clear; that it wants to slowly get out of the mess called public sector banks and undo what it did in 1969 -- nationalise banks.
the final exit after consolidation could be to divest its stake in banks completely.
divesting or diluting stake in a few psbs is easier than diluting the stake in 21 banks.
this could take time, but the government has conveyed its message loud and clear to psbs -- perform or perish.
govt mulls cutting subsidy by half for rooftop solar projectsnew delhi, mar 9, 2015, (pti): 15:13 istwith limited funds at disposal and price of solar panels going down, the government has proposed to reduce the subsidy on rooftop projects by half, parliament was informed today.
the ministry has proposed to reduce the subsidy on rooftop solar power plants to 15 per cent from the present level of 30 per cent due to decline in the price of solar panels and limited availability of funds among other things, power minister piyush goyal said in a written reply in the rajya sabha.
goyal, who also holds charge of coal and new and renewable energy ministries said, the government has set a large target for rooftop solar power plants in the country.
the minister said that there are provisions of concessional import duty or excise duty exemption, accelerated depreciation and tax holiday for setting up grid connected rooftop power plants.
of the total 1,75,000 mw proposed to be tapped by 2022, solar power will have a lion's share of 1,00,000 mw followed by 60,000 mw from wind energy, 10,000 mw biomass energy and 5,000 mw of small hydro projects.
as for the status of clean energy projects in the country, the solar power generation capacity is at about 2,700 mw; wind - 21,000 mw; small hydro - 3,800 mw and biomass - 4,100 mw.
at present, renewable energy contributes about 6.
5 per cent to the electricity mix.
it is proposed that this would be taken to about 12 per cent in the next three years.
response to pm's scheme not good, admits centredh news service, new delhi, jun 2 2017, 1:42 ist'the response to pmgky has not been so good.
.
.
about rs 5,000 crore of income was declared in pmgky,' revenue secretary hasmukh adhia told reporters here.
pti file photothe modi government on thursday admitted that its ambitious amnesty scheme  pradhan mantri garib kalyan yojana (pmgky)  had received a poor response, with disclosures of only rs 5,000 crore in unaccounted income.
the response to pmgky has not been so good.
.
.
about rs 5,000 crore of income was declared in pmgky, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia told reporters here.
adhia said one of the reasons for this was that even before the scheme was announced, people had tried to deposit their cash in different bank accounts to adjust undeclared wealth.
the rate of interest, which has been fixed (50+25 ), was a deposit to be kept for a period of four years without any interest.
so, people found 75  of their money blocked, he said.
chance for tax evadersthe government had introduced pmgky last year to give tax evaders a chance to declare their undeclared income after the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
under the scheme, taxpayers could get away by paying a tax and penalty of nearly 50 .
the declarant would also have to put 25  of the undisclosed income in zero-interest deposits with a lock-in period of four years.
jaitley insisted that pmgky was preceded by similar schemes, and the response should not be seen in isolation.
we have already worked upon an entrepreneur-friendly taxation regime.
there are some steps, which can be taken up by notifications, which would be taken forthwith.
others require legislative provisions, which can only come as part of the finance bill when budget is presented in order to create a friendly taxation regime for startups, he said at the start up india conference here.
recognising the need to encourage startups, a fund was suggested in the budget last year, he said.
he assured the startups that both the banking system and the government will make the resources available to them.
besides start up, the finance minister said the government will launch stand up india scheme under which, bank branches will lend to entrepreneurs belonging to sc/sts and women.
on independence day prime minister (narendra modi) announced the stand up india scheme.
the stand up india would be separately launched.
it is a programme, which envisages women entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs belonging to the sc, sts (to get funding from banks).
these were the segments which were not throwing up entrepreneurs.
each bank branch, public sector or private sector, would actually adopt one in the sc/st category and one in the women category.
so they will adopt two such entrepreneurs and fund them to set up establishments, he said.
by funding trading or manufacturing establishment of this segment, almost 3,00,000 new entrepreneurs over the next two years will be created, he said.
to promote startups, the finance minister said the government is easing the process of doing business.
another very significant difference of what makes it a landmark event is a final break or the ultimate break that you have with the conventional licence raj of india, he said.
we did well to break off from it in 1991 but it was only partial.
it was partial because who would be funded there was an invisible role of state, control over land permissions, foreign investment proposal and of course unless the political nods came to venture into newer areas which involved a lot of capital, a lot of energy going into it and an entrepreneur or investors was normally reluctant, he said.
the private sector own expansion itself is throwing up a challenge because they have over-stressed themselves and their stress in turn gets reflected on our banking system, something which the rbi and the govt working in tandem, and over the next few months are going to add to the bankers ability to improve and be able to lend with a greater amounts, he said.
under these circumstances, the government had to explore new areas and it is among those newer areas that it conceived of the mudra scheme.
pradhan mantri micro units development refinance agency (mudra) yojana that government conceived of, is intended to target 25 per cent of the bottom part of india's population.
so people get loans from refinance agencies, public and private sector banks and other agencies.
earlier, they were being exploited by lenders at very high rates and now they get at bank rate and i must say the programme has been reasonably successful.
in the last 4-5 months, almost 1.
73 crore entrepreneurs have been enabled with loans, he said.
he expressed hope that the figure would be significantly higher by the end of this financial year.
we are going to roll over that programme year after year and smaller entrepreneurs are being created by that process, he added.
on the economy, arunjaitley observed that india has its own challenges despite being the fastest growing large economy in the world.
unquestionably, the world economy has slowed down.
now we can take a limited satisfaction that even in a crisis like situation in the world, we are growing much faster.
the world recognises us as probably the fastest growing among the major economies, but then we are not without our own challenges, he said.
we are fully conscious of the adverse situation in which we are.
we are struggling to keep respectable growth rate (despite) certain advantages like we have a booming services sector, we have a manufacturing sector slowly growing, we have increased our public spending, we have opened our doors wide enough and foreign investment is coming in a big way, at least in the urban areas we can see an increasing demand, he said.
these are the engines that are keeping this growth rate alive, he said.
talking about headwinds to economic growth, the finance minister said, slow agriculture production due to weak monsoon and subdued private investment are a few challenges.
if you look at the direction in which the conventional global economy is moving today, we almost are moving from a crisis situation literally by the day.
nobody really can envisage looking down the tunnel as to what the situation of the world economy, one year or two year from now is going to be.
nobody can seriously predict as to what the emerging challenges down the few months are going to be, he said.
earlier crisis like situation came once a decade, today it may emerge twice in a day.
you may have the impact of chinese economy and their currency on one part of the world and you may have the oil prices striking you at the other part of the world and you will have a global impact simultaneously of these challenges, he added.
senior congress leader p chidambaram on saturday termed as absurd allegations levelled by finance minister arunjaitley that maoists and jihadists have earned the sympathy of congress president rahul gandhi.
the allegation that jihadists and maoists have earned the sympathy of rahul gandhi is laughable and absurd.
the congress is stoutly opposed to the two groups, chidambaram, a former home minister, said.
chidambaram's remarks come a day after the bjp accused the congress of dividing the nation citing remarks of its leaders saifuddin soz and ghulam nabi azad over kashmir.
azad, the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, had said in a television interview that more civilians were killed in military operations in kashmir than militants, a statement that was reportedly echoed by terror outfit lashkar-e-toiba.
chidambaram asserted that under the upa, the government had fought the jihadists in jammu & kashmir and brought down the level of violence substantially.
who can forget that the congress practically lost its entire leadership in chhattisgarh to maoist violence, he said.
he alleged that though the congress historically and ideologically would have been opposed to these groups, they have earned sympathy in rahul's heart.
with only a few days to go before finance minister arunjaitley presents the budget for fy2018-19, the common man is busy wondering the benefits he may expect in what will be the last full budget of the present incumbent government.
the general feeling is that this may be a populist budget, and so expectations are high among the common man, who represents the part of a mere 3 of the 1.
3 billion population that pays taxes.
so what are the expectations of this segment of population?
the following is the wish list of the common man:income tax exemption limitfor the common man, like every year, this continues to be on the top of the wish list, and the question on his mind is whether the finance minister is going to raise the exemption limit.
by how much?
will it be rs 3 lakh?
will it be rs 5 lakh?
the fm may not increase it to rs 5 lakh, as that would mean increasing the exemption limit by 100 .
do remember that an increase in exemption limit means revenue loss to the government.
let's hope that the fm gives some relief to the aam admi by increasing the exemption limit to at least rs 3 lakh.
tweaking of tax slabs and ratesthe second on the wish list is whether the fm tweaks the tax slabs and rates.
in last year's budget, the fm reduced the rate of tax from 10  to 5 , on the second slab of rs 2.
50 lakh to rs 5 lakh, while keeping the other rates unchanged.
the rate of 10  has disappeared just like the rs 1,000 note afterdemonetisation.
so the common man hopes that the fm reduces the rate from 20  to 10  on incomes between rs 5 lakh and rs 10 lakh.
the implementation of gst widening of the tax base may compensate the revenue loss that the government may incur on account of all these changes.
time to revisit standard deductionthe salaried class incur various expenses on commuting to and from office, on medicines or doctor's consultation fees, phone calls etc.
, but cannot claim any deductions on these expenses, whereas a consultant or a self-employed person can claim a substantial amount as business expenses.
even companies claim many expenses as legitimate expenses and reduce profits.
though some benefits are available to the salaried class like transport allowance of rs 1,600 per month (rs 19,200 per year) and reimbursement of medical expenses of rs 15,000 per year, these are not sufficient as theyhave not kept pace with inflation.
just to give an example, if an employee has to commute 20 km to office (40 km every day) he has to spend at least rs 100 a day on the cheapest mode of transport.
similarly, medical expenses not related to hospitalisation like doctor's consultation, cost of injections and medicines have been going through the roof every year.
clearly, an increase in these allowances and expenses can restore parity between the salaried class on the one hand, and self-employed and consultants on the other.
standard deduction was rs 30,000 when it was abolished in fy2004-05, and if it is reintroduced, should be at least rs 1 lakh, factoring in inflation.
increase deduction under 80dthis section under i-t allows an assessee to claim a maximum deduction of rs 25,000 on premium paid under a mediclaim policy.
hospital expenses have been going up exponentially every year in india, and all of us know that room rent in ordinary private hospitals of rs 2,000 to rs 3,000 per day, and a few days of hospitalisation either due to an accident or ailment can cost an individual a few lakhs of rupees.
let's hope that the fm increases the amount from the existing rs 25,000.
clarity on bitcoinsafter the astronomical and frenzied increase in prices during 2017, bitcoins have caught the fancy of most people.
the common question the common man is asking is the treatment of capital gains in bitcoins.
there is no clarity from the government on paying of taxes on capital gains.
while there are huge risks investing in bitcoins, the common man expects the fm to clear the confusion on taxing investments in bitcoins.
other concerns and expectationsthere are also rumours that the period of holding in long-term capital gains in equity shares and equity mutual funds may be increased from the existing 12 months to 36 months, to bring it on par with debt mfs.
the government is also mulling scrapping of dividend distribution tax (ddt) and shift the incidence of tax from companies, to the hands of investors.
as the common man is going to be affected in both the cases, it is hoped that the government will maintain the status quo.
new delhi/berne, feb 9, 2015 (pti) 15:53 istwith a new 'hsbc list' of swiss bank accounts revealing over 1,000 indian names, switzerland today said these are from stolen data -- an assertion that might make it difficult for india to get details on these accounts without any additional evidence.
switzerland, however, said the country is strongly committed to fight against the black money menace following change in its policy a few years ago.
the published information is based on the known list with stolen data of the years 2007 and earlier, a switzerland government spokesperson told pti from berne.
he was replying to queries with regard to revelations made by the international consortium of investigative journalists (icij) about one lakh account holders from across the world in swiss branch of hsbc bank.
the list has 1,668 indians, while the number of actionable cases stands at 1,195 after taking into account duplication and some other factors.
collectively, these accounts had a balance of usd 4.
1 billion (rs 25,420 crore) till 2007.
when asked about steps being taken by swiss authorities to ensure that illicit funds are not stashed in their banks, the switzerland government spokesperson said, since 2009, switzerland has changed its financial market policy and is strongly committed to the international standards and to the fight against tax evasion.
in today's list, there are 2,699 accounts linked to 1,688 indians.
out of these, 1,403 accounts were opened between 1969 and 2006, while the maximum amount of money associated with a client connected to india was usd 876.
3 million.
among indian names, 51 per cent have a indian passport or nationality, while the remaining accounts were either linked to offshore companies, or were 'numbered' accounts.
earlier, india had received from france a list of over 628 indians with account in hsbc's geneva branch.
that list was also part of the larger 'hsbc list', which a former bank employee had secreted away to the french government.
switzerland, long known as a place with unbreakable banking secrecy, has come under intense global pressure, including from india, to crack down on illicit fund flows.
armed with information received about its citizens holding secret accounts in swiss banks, india has been seeking details from switzerland, but most of these requests were being stonewalled by the european nation on the ground of those being based on stolen data.
consequently, india has now changed its strategy and has decided to seek details on the basis of additional evidence collected by it on suspected cases of black money stashed in swiss banks.
he said evidence is required in addition to information from stolen data, so that a watertight case can be framed and just names do not ensure proper proceeding in the court.
switzerland has agreed to cooperate if india is able to provide some additional evidence even in cases of names collected through stolen data.
new delhi, april 8, 2017, dhns 2:08 istup had announced waiver of loans taken by small, marginal farmersrefusing to commit to the demand for waiver of farm loans in karnataka, the centre said on friday the state should follow uttar pradesh in announcing such a relief to farmers.
i hope the karnataka government will also follow uttar pradesh on farm loan waiver, union minister of agriculture radha mohan singh said in the rajya sabha in response to oscar fernandes (congress) who had asked whether the centre would announce a loan waiver for karnataka which had been facing severe drought.
the bjp-led government in uttar pradesh recently announced waiver of agriculture loans taken by small and marginal farmers.
the minister was, however, noncommittal when asked whether the nda government would follow the upa regimes decision to waive farm loans across the country.
will you, as a central minister, and the prime minister follow the upa in announcing a farm loan waiver for the entire country?
anand sharma of the congress asked.
singh chose to avoid replying to the pointed question but said karnataka had received higher central assistance during the nda government than the previous dispensation.
funds for state soonto a separate question from k c ramamurthy of the congress, the minister said the centre would soon release funds to karnataka to provide relief to farmers for crop losses during the rabi season.
the central expert team has visited drought-hit places in the state and submitted a report.
the proposal will be moved before the high-level committee headed by the home minister, the minister said during the question hour.
the karnataka government had submitted a memorandum to the agriculture ministry seeking drought relief of rs 3,310 crore for the loss of rabi crops.
last week, union finance minister arunjaitley ruled out farm loan waiver by the centre and said states could utilise their own resources for that purpose.
he clarified that the centre would not adopt a selective approach by helping one state and not others.
this issue (loan waiver) has cropped up in several states.
the centre has its policies for agriculture sector under which we provide interest subvention and other support.
we will continue to give all that, he said in the rajya sabha.
if a state has its own resources and wants to go ahead in that direction, it will have to find its resources.
the situation where the centre will help one state and not the others will not arise, he added.
congress leadership lacks legislative literacy: jaitleynew delhi, may 17, 2015, (pti) 14:25 istfinance minister arunjaitley today hit back at the congress for its new-found aggression in parliament and outside, saying that the party leadership lacks legislative literacy and needs to directly read the fine print instead of depending on others.
he disagreed with a suggestion that the bjp and the government at the centre have lost in the battle of perception on the land bill issue, saying congress has not gained by its left of (karl) marx tactics.
the finance minister also rejected congress president sonia gandhi's allegations of a generous bonanza by giving tax cuts to the tune of rs 2.
5 lakh crore to corporates in the next four years.
unfortunately, the current mood is based on lack of understanding of issues.
if you hear some of their speeches which go contrary not only to their own legislation, but which are influenced by the current mood.
and i use the phrase to say which is to the left of marx.
and something which has become completely anachronism to today's times, he told pti in an interview.
he was replying to a question on the aggression displayed by sonia gandhi and rahul in recent times, attacking government on land bill and tax concessions to corporates.
jaitley gave three examples to attack the congress leaders on the party's stand relating to gst bill, land bill and the real estate bill.
i would say there is a certain lack of legislative literacy.
you overlook this history and then you say, they have brought this bill and i want to oppose it.
i think a section of the congress leaders need to start reading the fine print, rather than accepting everything that their.
.
.
i think their top leadership needs to directly read themselves or change those reading on their behalf, he said.
jaitley said that he was concerned that the top leadership of the congress party does not read the fine print.
the goods and services tax (gst) bill was introduced by congress during their government and cleared by the standing committee.
except for one major change, everything else was as per the standing committee.
now without having read the provisions, their leadership decided to take a different view.
their leadership spoke against the real estate bill.
it was a bill which was framed by the upa, introduced by the upa and the standing committee cleared it when they were in government.
on sonia's charge that the budget has a handout of rs 2.
50 lakh crores as tax concessions to the corporates, the finance minister said the whole idea of bringing down corporate tax from 30 per cent to 25 per cent came from the direct tax code prepared by the upa and introduced in parliament.
their direct code itself said that in india corporate rates are very high.
india has to be globally competitive and they need to be brought down to 25 per cent, he said.
he said of the four major changes made in gst, three were recommended by the standing committee during upa and all its congress members agreed with it.
it was a unanimous report.
all upa chief ministers had recommended that.
and now, how you can take up a position against me?
, he asked.
asked about rahul gandhi's attacks on the prime minister and whether the government was taking him seriously because five ministers replied to one of his statements in parliament, the minister shot back saying, i think, you (media) take him more seriously than me.
he said when somebody raises an issue in parliament, a contrarian point is made.
when any of these issues are raised in parliament, the media must analyse of what the seriousness of that content is, he said.
to a question, he said, the congress was not getting any advantage of agitating against the land bill, because the farmers are also sensible enough.
the best evidence of this is that not a single significant protest they have been able to organise in this country.
they can at best get party cadres, he said.
the minister termed the 2013 land bill as being squarely anti-farmer and anti-rural india and against the interests of farmers.
he also termed industrial corridors as the only methodology of creating employment in rural india, noting that the status quo created by the 2013 bill has perpetuated the agrarian crisis.
the 2013 law is a retrograde law, it is against the interests of rural india and therefore that law inherently requires that change, he said.
asked why the bjp had then supported the bill, he seemed to suggest that on the eve of general elections it could not go against it.
it was brought on eve of elections and with the promise to bring amendments to include irrigation and other things.
every chief minister after the election says it is unworkable, he said.
he also cited the assurance given by then rural development minister jairam ramesh of bringing in amendments in it, which he never did.
with the new law we are giving an option to a state whether to implement the law or not, he added.
asked if the land bill would be enacted by the end of the next session of parliament, he said, the course we have now adopted is the fastest way of getting the law passed.
you see the parliamentary rules.
he wondered as to how it is federalism that bengal states that it doesn't want this law, but it also insists that gujarat should not have this law.
those states which are interested should have this law.
with the land bill now referred to a joint committee, arunjaitley remarked: the course we have now adopted is the fastest way of getting the law passed.
you see the parliamentary rules.
don't gag the cag, cong tells centrenew delhi, oct 30, 2014, dhns: 1:13 istjaitley had advised auditor not to spice up findingsunion finance minister arunjaitley remarks asking the comptroller and auditor general (cag) not to sensationalise its audit findings has kicked up a row with the congress accusing the bjp government of virtually issuing threat to the government auditor.
the finance ministers suggestions to the cag amount to threats, aicc general secretary ajay maken told reporters.
he wondered whether the government feared being targeted on the basis of cag reports like the one on united progressive alliance (upa) regime.
jaitley, who also faced flak on social networking sites, issued a clarification saying news reports on his remarks at a cag conference did not accurately reflect the spirit of my speech.
wish he (jaitley) had realised this when 2g and coal block cag report came, aicc general secretary digvijay singh said.
the congress also used the opportunity to get back at the bjp, accusing the government of making several u-turns after winning the lok sabha elections in may.
why there is a sudden change of heart and a u-turn?
is it because of the cag report on gujarat which talks about irregularities worth rs 25,000 crore in land affairs when (prime minister narendra) modi was the chief minister, maken asked.
maken said congress does not see jaitleys statement as a one-off incident but as one sequence.
he said since the bjp came to power in may not a single day has passed when the government has not reversed its stand on any issue.
we have the henderson-brooks report, fdi in insurance, gst, the position on black money, maken said.
at the same conference where arunjaitley had made the controversial remarks, congress leader and chairman of the public accounts committee k v thomas had asked the cag to limit its audits to probing financial impropriety and not come out with astronomical figures of notional losses.
maken said thomas had only articulated the congress stand.
for the past five years, the congress has been saying cag reports should not be sensationalised, he said.
india is largely tax non-compliant society: fmfeb 2, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:42 istin last 5 yrs, over 1.
25 cr cars have been soldfinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said that indian society was largely tax non-compliant and predominance of cash in economy made it possible for people to evade taxes.
jaitley cited income tax data to drive home the point that a majority of indians tend to evade taxes.
he pointed out that among the 3.
7 crore individuals, who filed the tax returns in 2015-16, 99 lakh showed income below the exemption limit of rs 2.
5 lakh per annum; 1.
95 crore showed income between rs 2.
5 lakh and rs 5 lakh per annum, 52 lakh showed income between rs 5 lakh and rs 10 lakh per annum and only 24 lakh people showed annual income above rs 10 lakh.
of the 76 lakh individual assesses, who declared income above rs 5 lakh, 56 lakh were in the salaried class.
the number of people showing income more than rs 50 lakh in the entire country was only 1.
72 lakh.
we can contrast this with the fact that in the last five years, more than 1.
25 crore cars have been sold, and the number of indian citizens who flew abroad, either for business or tourism, is 2 crore in the year 2015.
from all these figures we can conclude that we are largely a tax non-compliant society, said jaitley.
finance minister also noted that preliminary analysis of deposits made by people in demonetised currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 denominations since november 8 presented a revealing picture.
during the period november 8 to december 30, deposits between rs 2 lakh and rs 80 lakh were made in about 1.
09 crore accounts with an average deposit size of rs 5.
03 lakh.
average deposit sizedeposits of more than rs 80 lakh were made in 1.
48 lakh accounts with average deposit size of rs 3.
31 crore.
this data mining will help us immensely in expanding the tax net as well as increasing the revenues, which was one of the objectives of demonetisation, said the finance minister.
he said that one of the main priorities of our government was to eliminate the black money component from the economy.
we are committed to make our taxation rates more reasonable, our tax administration more fair and expand the tax base in the country.
this approach will change the colour of money, said jaitley.
new delhi, mar 4, 2017, (pti) 18:12 istthe gst council today fixed a 5 per cent tax rate on small hotels and restaurants and approved draft of key supporting legislations to enable rollout of the new indirect tax regime from july 1.
the all-powerful council approved the final draft of central gst (c-gst) and integrated gst (i-gst) and will take up for approval the state-gst and union territory-gst (ut-gst) laws at its next meeting on march 16.
the c-gst, which will give powers to centre to levy gst on goods and services after union levies like excise and service tax are subsumed, and i-gst that is to be levied on inter-state supplies, will go to parliament for approval in the second half of the budget session beginning march 9, finance minister arunjaitley said.
the s-gst, which will allow states to levy the tax after vat and other state levies are subsumed in the gst, will have to be passed by each of the state legislative assemblies.
ut-gst will also go to parliament for approval.
jaitley said the model gst law will have a clause to enable levy of up to 40 per cent tax (20 per cent by the centre and an equal amount by the states) but the effective tax rates will be kept at the previously approved levels of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent.
the rates will be what has been decided by the council.
there won't be a higher rate of taxation.
but the cap rate in the legislation is always put at a higher level to leave a headspace, just as in the customs act you have a difference between the bound rate and applied rate.
this is being done to obviate the need for going to parliament in case the levy is to be raised on certain goods and services.
this will also help in a scenario where the cess on de-merit goods being proposed to compensate states for loss of revenue from gst, is to be merged with the tax rate itself, he told reporters after the meeting.
as it looks like, it looks on track.
hopefully the laws would be before parliament this session and subject to the parliament approving them, july 1 this year now optimistically looks like the possible date for gst implementation, he said.
the council, headed by arunjaitley and comprising representatives of all states, decided to levy a 5 per cent gst (2.
5 per cent by centre and 2.
5 per cent by state) on small hotels, restaurants and dhabas with an annual turnover of up to rs 50 lakh.
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said there were demands that restaurants should be included in the composition scheme, particularly those with less turnover.
so the council decided that there would be a composition scheme for restaurants up to a turnover of rs 50 lakh and the rate for them is 5 per cent.
so the remaining restaurants, they will come in the regular service tax rate, adhia said.
adhia said the first meeting of gst council had decided that composition scheme in gst regime would be applicable on trading and manufacturing units with up to rs 50 lakh turnover.
the composition scheme provides for a easier method of calculating tax liability and allows gst registration for dealers with turnover below the compounding cut-off.
the scheme has been introduced to reduce the administrative cost associated with collection of tax from small traders.
hence, businesses below a turnover of rs 50 lakh can pay taxes at a defined floor rate of 1 per cent, and manufacturers can pay at 2 per cent, much lower than the gst rate.
for services, it would be 5 per cent.
jaitley said the council will have its 12th meeting on march 16 in which sgst and utgst bills will be cleared.
in a nutshell, compensation law was approved in last meeting (and) today (gst council) approved the cgst and igst law and in next meeting we will be approving the sgst and utgst law which will then complete the legislative exercise and enable us to take these before parliament.
if they are approved, then four laws -- compensation law, cgst law, utgst law and igst law -- will get cleared by cabinet and taken to parliament in the forthcoming session.
sgst law will go to state legislatures, he said.
after this, the officers will start work on putting different goods and services in the four tax slabs of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent.
.
.
.
the gst compensation law provides for compensating states that incur losses because of implementation of the goods and service tax (gst) in first five years.
the compensation will be funded by imposing cess on demerit and luxury goods.
the maximum cess rate will be mentioned in the compensation law.
gst, which will replace a plethora of central and state taxes, is a consumption-based tax levied on sale, manufacture and consumption on goods and services at a national level.
under it, c-gst will be levied by the centre, s-gst by states and i-gst on inter-state supply of goods and services.
various indirect taxes of central excise duty, central sales tax and service tax are to be merged with c-gst, while s-gst will subsume state sales tax, vat, luxury tax and entertainment tax.
open to idea of separate mechanism for broadcasting cases: fmnew delhi, feb 6, 2016, pti: 14:23 istgovernment is open to the proposal of creating separate dispute resolution mechanisms for broadcasting and telecom sectors, union minister arunjaitley said today.
amid sector regulator tdsat flooded with the cases, its chairperson justice aftab alam said the number of broadcasting cases has far exceeded those related to telecom sector.
he was speaking at a seminar on telecom and broadcasting theme  art (adjudication, regulation, telecommunication) of convergence, tdsat.
responding to the issue raised by justice alam, arunjaitley , who holds the charge of information and broadcasting ministry besides finance ministry, said the government was willing to look at the suggestion of having a separate mechanism to deal with broadcasting cases.
he asked the tdsat to bring before the government an appropriate suggestion in this regard.
you have thrown a new challenge to the entire thought process and that challenge is even when acts are framed with best of intentions, the ingenuity of lawyers, the unlimited jurisdiction of judges creates a situation of a divided authority.
parts of the same issue or some part of the same cause of action are pending before one authority, some parts would also be pending before courts, said jaitley.
stressing that tdsat has by and large functioned well, he said the issues flagged by tdsat chairman were a matter for consideration.
i will certainly bring in to his (telecom minister ravi shankar prasad) notice that it will require some element of reconsideration, what the alternate mechanism of dealing.
.
.
particularly relating to broadcasting because you feel it (tdsat) is flooded with broadcasting disputes, he said.
last year there were 707 cases filed before tdsat.
of those 593 were related to broadcast sector and remaining 104 from telecom.
.
.
.
experience is if you.
.
.
leave it to the jurisdiction of civil court than probably the issues can get indefinitely delayed and therefore what that alternate mechanism could be, has it to be some other mechanism under the (trai) act etc which is to be created, i am sure the government would always be willing to look at it so that the time and energy of tdsat is really spent on larger commercial issues and issues relating to how the technology.
.
.
, he said.
later talking to reporters, justice alam said when the trai bill was brought in parliament, simultaneously there was a broadcasting bill also.
the broadcasting bill did not make into a law.
there are issues that need to be addressed.
.
.
this (broadcasting) is a very vibrant sector.
everyday new challenges are coming up, new issues are coming up, debates are going on.
these issues will have to be addressed, he added.
yechury-jaitley war over ' tv opportunity'new delhi, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 0:38 istcpm leader sitaram yechury on monday got an assurance from rajya sabha deputy chairman p j kurien that no one accused fellow members with raising issues for tv opportunity.
finance minister arunjaitley had accused yechury of taking up the lalitgate issue for the sake of tv opportunity.
yechury wanted that chair should give his ruling on the remark made by jaitley.
the deputy chairman said that he needed some time to examine the issue.
the issue which had prompted arunjaitley to make the remark against yechury was the latters objection to the minister reading out the notice of congress deputy leader anand sharma on july 23.
yechury had objected that arunjaitley should not have read the notice as the chair had not given any ruling on it.
jaitley had quoted rule-book to assert that nothing was wrong in doing so.
the issue of whether arunjaitley did the right thing in referring to notice was also debated on monday.
yechury wanted a ruling on what was said against him.
jaitley avoided speaking on the issue and limited himself over the validity of reading sharmas notice.
however, the discussion again became interesting when arunjaitley remarked that the interpretation made in the house would be violence to the english language.
yechury said that one more allegation is being made that he is violent to english language.
kurien said, i am not master of english to judge it.
seven more airports to be declared entry points for e-visanew delhi, jun 29, 2015, (pti) 21:06 istseven more airports, including prime minister narendra modi's constituency varanasi and ahmedabad in his home state, will soon be declared as entry points along with the existing nine where citizens from eligible countries can land with an e-tourist visa.
besides these two, jaipur, amritsar, gaya, lucknow and trichy will be declared as entry points as government is expecting rush of chinese tourists to india when the e-tourist visa facility will be finally rolled out to the citizens of the neighbouring country.
the existing nine airports where one can land with an e-tourist visa are bengaluru, chennai, delhi, goa, kochi, kolkata, mumbai, hyderabad and thiruvananthapuram.
we are also planning to set up additional counters in the existing nine airports as we are expecting rush of chinese tourists, a home ministry official said.
as promised by the prime minister, india is all set to roll out e-tourist visa facility to chinese nationals along with citizens of 31 more countries soon.
issues related to e-visa to be offered to citizens of the 31 countries were discussed threadbare at a high-level meeting attended by representatives of ministries of home, external affairs and tourism today.
preparations are going on smoothly.
we want to announce some more countries along with china whose citizens will be offered e-tourist visa, the official said.
among the countries that will benefit from the extension are the uk, spain, the netherlands, portugal, malaysia, tanzania and argentina.
other countries whose citizens will also be eligible for e-visas are armenia, aruba, belgium, colombia, cuba, guatemala, hungary, ireland, jamaica, malta, mongolia, mozambique, panama, peru, poland, portugal, slovenia, st lucia, st vincent & the grenadines, surinam, sweden, east timor, turks and caicos islands, uruguay and venezuela.
during his visit to china last month, modi had announced that the e-tourist visa facility will be offered to chinese nationals.
finance minister arunjaitley had in the budget 2015-16 proposed extension of e-visa scheme to 150 countries.
india had last year launched e-tourist visa facility (which was earlier called 'tourist visa on arrival enabled by electronic travel authorisation') for more than 40 countries, including the us.
the scheme was later extended to 36 more countries with effect from last month.
under the e-visa scheme, an applicant receives an email authorising him or her to travel to india after it is approved and he or she can travel with a print-out of this authorisation.
on arrival, the visitor has to present the authorisation to the immigration authorities who would then stamp the entry into the country.
the number of foreign tourists availing e-tourist visa facility has increased by over 700 per cent in may as compared to the same period last year.
a total of 15,659 tourists arrived in may availing e-tourist visa facility this year as compared to 1,833 during the same month last year, registering a growth of 754.
3 per cent.
blackmoney: swiss banks seek fresh undertakings from indiansnew delhi, mar 29, 2015, (pti) 12:46 istseeking to come clean on illicit funds amid intense government pressure, swiss banks have asked their indian clients to provide fresh undertakings to ensure that untaxed money is not stashed in their accounts.
swiss banks, long perceived to be safe havens for parking unaccounted funds, have also started asking for auditor certificates from high net worth individuals and corporate clients to vouch for the clean status of their money.
the latest development comes at a time when india is aggressively making efforts to bring back illicit money parked by its citizens overseas and switzerland has also agreed to co-operate on the issue.
sources said that swiss banks are asking their indian customers to provide fresh undertakings that all taxes have been paid on funds deposited by them in these accounts.
according to them, banks are also asking both corporate and individual clients to furnish auditor certificates certifying clean status of funds, assets and income related to their accounts.
such directives are believed to have been issued to high networth individuals, wealth management and portfolio management clients, they added.
queries sent to banking majors, including hsbc and credit suisse, related to the issue, did not elicit immediate response.
indian authorities are already pursuing cases related to its citizens who had kept unaccounted funds in hsbc switzerland, after receiving a list of names from the french government few years back.
according to sources, hsbc has been asked by indian authorities to show cause why action should not be initiated against it in case of non-cooperation with regard to suspected tax evaders and offenders of tax crimes.
besides, hsbc has come under regulatory cross hairs in multiple jurisdictions including india, following an expose that revealed thousands of entities allegedly parked their illicit funds at its swiss branch.
to curb the blackmoney menace, a supreme court constituted special investigation team is probing various cases while the government would soon be coming out with a stringent that provides for hefty penalties as well as imprisonment for stashing away unaccounted money.
there were as many as 628 names in the hsbc list.
we have in this process found that the total income which is evaded is to the extent of rs 3,250 crore for which there is a tax impact.
in more than 200 of those cases, assessment have been completed, demands have been placed on them.
in some cases recovery have been made.
.
.
additionally, in about 77 of those cases, criminal prosecution have already been finalised.
meanwhile, the swiss government is slowly moving towards automatic exchange of tax information with various jurisdictions, including india.
earlier this month, swiss government said talks on automatic exchange of tax information with india would begin at the earliest once the domestic procedures are in place.
citing discussions between officials of both sides last october, a swiss federal department of finance spokesperson had said talks on automatic exchange of tax information would start at the earliest once the domestic procedures are completed in switzerland.
last year, indian and swiss officials held high level deliberations on boosting co-operation with regard to the black money problem.
switzerland took note of the interest expressed by india and it was agreed between revenue secretary shaktikanta das and state secretary jacques de watteville that talks will commence at the earliest after completion of swiss domestic procedures regarding the approval of the legal foundations for automatic exchange of information, the official had said.
the government's proposed legislation to curb blackmoney problem provides for prosecute those stashing illicit wealth abroad with 10 year rigorous imprisonment, among other provisions.
'the undisclosed foreign income and assets (imposition of tax) bill, 2015,' proposing that it would come into effect from april 1, 2016.
according to the government, the legislation would provide a one-time compliance opportunity for a limited period to persons who have any undisclosed foreign assets which have hitherto not been disclosed for the purposes of income-tax.
such persons may file a declaration before the specified tax authority within a specified period, followed by payment of tax at the rate of 30 per cent and an equal amount by way of penalty.
outside this window, a tax would be levied at a flat rate of 30 per cent, while the penalty would be 90 per cent of the undisclosed income.
new delhi, feb 12, 2017, dhns: 2:13 istblaming the upa regime, rbi governor urjit patel on saturday described high non-performing assets (npas) a legacy issue, as long-gestation projects funded before 2011-12 were responsible for it.
patels assessment comes days after parliament, during the budget session, witnessed a verbal duel over finance minister arunjaitley remark that over management of banks by the previous manmohan singh government led to accumulation of npas.
congress leader veerapa moily had denied the charge, making a counterclaim that bad loans had surged due to the mismanagement of banks during the narendra modi regime.
the npa was at 4  at the time of the upas exit, but now it has grown to over 9  on record, moily had said.
patel said npas have been plaguing banks for long, but the issue was being recognised only recently.
therefore, .
.
.
by definition, this proportionate amount is a legacy issue, although the recognition and reporting of these have taken place only recently, the rbi governor stressed.
following his address to the rbi board in the national capital on saturday, arunjaitley , too, hinted at inheriting bad loans from the upa government.
he said npa figures spiralled owing to new npas or continuing loans.
the minister pointed out that a legal and executive framework to tackle bad loans has been put in place as its resolution is an ongoing process.
the parliamentary standing committee on finance, headed by moily, in its latest report had sought a forensic audit of restructured loans.
the panel had suggested constituting empowered committees at the level of the rbi, banks and borrowers to keep an eye on loans of large volume.
questioning the npa redressal mechanism, the committee had expressed fear that bad loans with public sector banks may go up to rs 4 lakh crore by the end of this fiscal.
peak rates on luxury goods fixedannapurna singh, new delhi, march 17, 2017, dhns: 2:14 istthe gst council on thursday decided to cap the cess on luxury and sin goods at 15  taking the peak gst rate at 43  for these items even as it cleared all supporting laws.
representative imagethe gst council on thursday decided to cap the cess on luxury and sin goods at 15  taking the peak gst rate at 43  for these items even as it cleared all supporting laws.
this makes the july 1 rollout date more achievable.
however, on pan masala and tobacco, the cess caps were a high 135  and 290 , respectively.
he said the actual rate of cess remained at 12  for luxury and sin goods for now.
of the five pieces of supporting gst legislation cleared by the council so far, four  central gst (cgst), integrated gst (igst), union territories gst (utgst) and compensation laws  will now move to the cabinet for its approval and will then be introduced in parliament for passage.
the state gst (sgst) laws will simultaneously go to state cabinets and their legislatures.
we will try and get the supporting laws passed by parliament expeditiously.
the government is expected to pass these gst laws in the ongoing budget session itself to enable the rollout of the new, unified system of taxation by july 1.
there are only four items on which the cess has been imposed.
these are luxury cars, aerated drinks pan masala and tobacco.
in the case of luxury cars and aerated drinks, the usual rate is 12  and the peak cess rate or cess cap is 15 .
on pan masala, it is 135  and on tobacco 290 .
there is no cess on bidis as of now.
but karnataka opposed this proposal and demanded that bidis should not be exempted.
karnataka agriculture minister krishna byre gowda, who represented the state at the gst council meeting, said the state will call a special session or advance the assembly session to pass sgst before june-end.
organic farms spread over 5 lakh acresnew delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns 1:05 istlearning from the sikkim experience, the modi government on monday announced bringing 5 lakh acres of rainfed land under organic farming over the next three years.
in january, prime minister narendra modi had declared sikkim as the first state to fully practice organic farming.
modi had urged other states to explore whether they can promote organic farming in at least one block or one district as it would help farmers earn more by selling their products in the niche market.
the government would also make productive use of the allocations under mgnrega to build 10 lakh compost pits for production of organic manure.
new delhi: oct 28, 2015, dhns 1:47 istformer union minister arun shouries fierce attack on monday on the narendra modi government, saying its lack of direction is making people miss former prime minister manmohan singh and the way to characterise the policies of the government is  congress plus a cow, has raised the bjps hackles.
the saffron party criticised the statement, terming it baseless, personal and borne out of frustration of not being in government, but the counter-attack was not vehement, possibly to avoid giving the opposition fodder during the bihar assembly polls.
a senior bjp leader said he would not like to say something on the former nda ministers remarks which would make headlines.
shouries views are not of the people or the party, said union minister m venkaiah naidu.
he also reluctantly cited repeatedly published reports to say even the media believes modi is the strongest prime minister, a rebuff one of shouries charges.
the former bjp president deflected other queries by merely stating theek hai (ok).
union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said: dont know from where he gets influenced these days and makes such baseless remarks.
speaking at a book launch function on monday, one-time modi admirer shourie, who is no longer in the bjp, had also said: there is clearer belief (in the present dispensation) that managing the economy means managing headlines, and this is not really going to work.
the book  turn of the tortoise  has been written by business standard former editor-in-chief t n ninan.
interestingly, manmohan singh was present at the function when editor-turned-politician shourie said, people have started recalling the days of manmohan singh.
the way to characterise policies of the government is  congress plus a cow.
the policies are the same.
in an apparent dig at finance minister arunjaitley , shourie questioned delayed tax and banking reforms, and his aggressive stand against the judiciary and chief ministers.
he also claimed industrialists are afraid of speaking against the central government.
shouries barb is not new.
close to the nda government's first anniversary in may, he had offered an unkind rating of the centres performance, holding modi, bjp chief amit shah and arunjaitley responsible for the mistakes committed by the establishment.
bankers welcome rs 10k cr capital infusion for recapitalisationumesh m avvannavar, feb 2, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 1:38 istwelcoming the move by finance minister arunjaitley to infuse rs 10,000 crore into public sector banks in the next fiscal, and more being provided if required, bankers have hailed it as a morale booster.
dena bank chairman and managing director ashwani kumar said, capital infusion for recapitalisation of psu banks will be a morale booster in scenarios where banks are in dire need of capital for credit growth and basel iii compliance.
further, the deductions allowed for npa provisions made by banks have been increased by up to 8.
5  of the income, which will act as a breather in supplementingprofitability of banks, kumar added.
bank of india md and ceo melwyn rego said, as a positive for the banking sector, thrust has been accorded to evolving a swifter and effective resolution mechanism.
provision for npas to avail tax benefits has been raised.
target under pmmy (pradhan mantri mudra yojana) has been doubled to benefit the poor and under-privileged.
bandhan bank md and ceo chandra shekhar ghosh said, the key take away is containment of fiscal deficit at 3.
2  of gdp in fiscal year 2018.
this has also brought down the net government borrowing to rs 3.
48 trillion.
this will have a positive impact on the interest rates.
federal bank md and ceo shyam srinivasan said, galvanised digitalisation on the back of demonetisation has given access to rich data and mining of the same is for sure going to help zero-in on various tax enhancement opportunities.
this, combined with a credible disinvestment path, should help create the space for the much-required investment in infrastructure.
there are many positives for banks like the balance between need to spend and maintain fiscal discipline, axis bank ceo shikha sharma said.
she also said infra investments in the absence of private sector investments with a focus on the rural pockets is also a positive, along with the stress on housing and simplification of taxes.
the increase in allowable provision for npas from 7.
5 to 8.
5 , which will reduce the tax liability for the banks, was also welcomed by the sector.
under indradhanush roadmap announced in 2015, the government will infuse rs 70,000 crore in state banks over four years while they will have to raise a further rs 1.
1 lakh crore from the markets to meet their capital requirement in line with global risk norms, known as baseliii.
in line with the blueprint, public sector banks has been given rs 25,000 crore in each fiscal, 201516 and 201617.
besides, rs 10,000 crore each would be infused in 201718 and 201819.
the government has already announced fund infusion of rs. 22,915 crore, out of the rs 25,000 crore earmarked for 13 psbs for the current fiscal.
of this, 75  has already been released to them.
spectrum auction belie zero loss presumptions, says jaitleynew delhi, mar 25, 2015, (pti) 19:04 istwith the telecom spectrum auction fetching a record rs 109,874 crore, finance minister arunjaitley today took a jibe at congress leader kapil sibal, saying the 'zero loss' theory has been belied.
sibal, as telecom and it minister in the previous upa government, in january 2011 had stated that there was zero loss to the government as a result of giving away second generation or 2g telecom licences to new players on first-come-first-serve basis in 2008.
he had made the comment at a press conference to contradict a report from the comptroller and auditor general (cag) that had put the loss to exchequer from not auctioning the scarce spectrum, which carries telephone calls and data, at rs 1.
76 lakh crore.
terming the cag report as erroneous, sibal had then said that there was no loss to the government, as the calculations done by the cag had to be discounted for various factors, including time value of money and difference between 3g and 2g spectral efficiency.
in the auction that closed today, the government received provisional bids worth rs 109,874 crore at the end of 115 rounds of bidding spread over 19 days.
winners will have to pay a quarter to a third of the winning price within 10 days and the rest by 2027.
spectrum revenue is key for the government to plug its fiscal deficit.
govt raises natural gas price to usd 5.
61/unitnew delhi, oct 18, 2014, (pti): 19:57 istgovernment today approved raising natural gas price to usd 5.
61 per mmbtu from november 1 but reliance industries will continue to get current usd 4.
2 rate till it makes up for shortfall in output from kg-d6 block.
the cabinet modified the rangarajan formula approved by previous upa government to bring down the increase in rates from usd 8.
4 to usd 5.
the new formula will be effective november 1 and rates will be revised every six months with the next revision being on april 1.
for ril's flagging d1&d3 gas fields in kg-d6 block where output should have been 80 mmscmd but is languishing at less than 8 mmscmd, the cabinet decided the current rates will continue to apply.
consumers will, however, pay the revised increased price but ril will get only usd 4.
2 with the difference being deposited in an escrow account.
ril will get the higher rates if it is legally able to prove that it did not deliberately cut production and output fall was a result of geological reasons as it claims.
higher gas prices would increase the expense of running power stations and fertilizer plants, raising infrastructure and food costs and accelerating the rate of inflation.
every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation's power generation capacity based on gas).
also, there would be a minimum rs 2.
81 per kg increase in cng price and a rs 1.
89 per standard cubic metre hike in piped cooking gas.
gas price increase had been deferred on three occasions previously.
the previous upa government had in june last year approved a price formula suggested by a panel headed by c rangarajan and re-confirmed it in december 2013 with certain conditions for reliance industries' eastern offshore kg-d6 block.
the formula was to be implemented from april 1, 2014, when the tenure of usd 4.
205 per million british thermal unit price fixed for kg-d6 gas was to expire, but before a rate could be notified, general elections were announced and election commission asked the then government to defer it till completion of polls.
on june 25, the new bjp-led government deferred it for a further three months to september-end saying the issue required comprehensive consultations.
the revision was again deferred by 45 days on september 24 as the government seemed wary of taking an unpopular decision just before assembly election in crucial states of maharashtra and haryana.
the formula, which was notified on january 10, will more than double the current usd 4.
2 per million british thermal units.
the new gas price was to be applicable to both state-owned ongc produced fuel as well as private sector ril's gas.
the delay in gas prices had most affected reliance industries and state-owned oil and natural gas corp (ongc).
ril and its partners bp plc of uk and canada's niko resources on july 6 slapped an arbitration notice on the government seeking implementation of a gas price revision which was due to them on april 1.
for ongc, the nation's largest gas producer, the postponement of price increase was seen as a dampener to its stock valuation particularly when the government had plans to sell a 5 per cent stake in the company to help narrow budget deficit.
india's offshore oil and gas industry is at risk in the absence of higher gas prices, bp ceo robert dudley had said on june 17.
ril has been selling gas from kg-d6 at the same price since it started production in april 2009.
the government increased ongc and oil india ltd's selling price to match ril's in may 2010.
mumbai, mar 19, 2012, (pti) 15:16 istthe party will take an appropriate decision (on yeddyurappa's demand) soon.
but bjp will not take any decision under pressure, gadkari told reporters here.
the bjp president advised the karnataka strongman to have patience and cooperate with the party.
yeddyurappa should have patience and should cooperate with the party which will take a decision in the matter soon, he said.
gadkari said the party had indeed assured the rebellious leader that he would be reinstated if cleared of corruption charges by the court.
things got delayed due to elections and now we will take a decision, he said.
the party had forced yeddyurappa to step down in july 2011 after he was indicted by the lokyukta report on illegal mining that had kicked up a political storm in the state.
earlier in the day, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arunjaitley had sought to downplay the issue, saying it was not serious and would be resolved.
dialogues are on between the party and yeddyurappa.
59 mlas loyal to yeddyurappa are lodged in a resort on bangalore outskirts demanding that he be reappointed chief minister after the high court quashed the charges against him in the lokayukta report and also the reference made by the governor to the lokayukta to file an fir and investigate them.
jewellers hit the streets, demand rollback of excise dutyhassan, mar 15, 2016, dhns: 23:33 istclaim imposition of duty against 'make in india' schememembers of gold and silver traders association staged a protest demanding a rollback of excise duty on jewellery, in front of the deputy commissioners office in hassan on tuesday.
protesters condemned the centre for levying one per cent excise duty on jewellery in the budget.
hundreds of people, members of taluk jewellery associations gathered near the deputy commissioners office in the morning and raised slogans against the central government.
they also opposed union finance minister arunjaitley budget proposal of making pan cards mandatory for customers purchasing jewellery above rs 10 lakh.
they claimed that the consumers are already paying taxes, and levying excise duty would be an additional burden and would surely affect the business, they added.
the protesters alleged that the centre, which was stressing on make in india concept to encourage small industrialists in the country, is levying excise duty, affecting thousands of small jewellers.
the jewellery industry is providing jobs to thousands of people.
unaware of this, the centre has announced duty, sounding death-knell for lakhs of jewellers in the country, they alleged.
if the government fails to respond to the demands, it would become inevitable to intensify the protests, they warned.
association president r rajagopalashetty, sohanlal jain and others were present.
new delhi, mar 29, 2017, (pti) 18:18 istaround rs 8,000 crore in junked rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes is piled up with 371 district central cooperative banks after rbi barred currency chest banks, veteran ncp leader sharad pawar said today.
making a zero hour submission in the rajya sabha, pawar made a passionate plea to the government for allowing the old currency lying with district central cooperative banks (dccbs) to be deposited with currency chests.
the presence of such huge quantity of demonetised currency is restricting the ability of dccbs to lend, impacting agricultural credit in the rabi season, he said.
after the demonetisation on november 8, 2016, the government had barred dccbs from accepting deposits of the junked currency or exchange them for new ones.
however, they were allowed to accept deposits of the junked currency or exchange through corrigendum dated november 9, 2016.
again on november 14, 2016, dccbs were restrained from accepting or exchanging the old notes.
thus the dccbs received deposits of specified bank notes (old currency) from november 10, 2016 to november 13, 2016.
between this period, throughout india, 371 dccbs received deposits worth rs 44,000 crore.
but 31 dccbs based in the state of maharashtra, secured rs 4,600 crore as deposits, he said.
however, on november 17, 2016, reserve bank of india issued guidelines to currency chest banks restricting them from accepting sbns from dccbs.
subsequently, the dccbs have accumulated sbns and are advised to retain them, till further instructions from the rbi.
as a result, by november 17, 2016, dccbs in india were still holding sbns of more than rs 8,000 crore and cooperative banks in maharashtra are holding rs 2,772 crore, he said.
besides restricting the currency chests from receiving sbns from dccbs, the banks were also informed that the junked currency cannot form part of bank cash balances.
the sbns cannot be part of cash balances of the bank from the close of business as on december 31, 2016.
the accumulated sbns are having a detrimental impact on the financial health of the dccbs.
because the sbns cannot form part of cash balances, they are lying as non-earning assets with dccbs, he said.
pawar said dccbs have to pay interest of at least 4 per cent on the deposits made between november 10 and 13.
also, few deposits were converted into term loans that command higher interest.
this has a great impact on the rabi season crop loans disbursement, he said adding against the target of disbursing rs rs 13,500 crore loan, till date only rs 4,000 crore or 33 per cent is disbursed.
the target of the rabi season in maharashtra was rs 4,400 crore, but the achievement is rs 1,000 crore, which is just about 22 per cent.
that means farmers are not getting crop loans.
that is the overall situation.
so, money is lying in the banks; other banks are not accepting; reserve bank is not accepting; they have to pay interest; they have to pay insurance, and money is not available for agricultural operation.
it is a serious thing, he said.
pawar said district cooperative banks are not in a position to use the money they have and it is not available for farming.
it is affecting the agricultural season.
he said he has written to the prime minister and the finance minister that the old notes lying with dccbs be allowed to be deposited in currency chests.
his demand drew support from almost the entire opposition parties.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the concerns raised will be communicated to finance minister arun jaitley.
annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service, apr 26 2017, 14:17 ista day after the government's policy think that niti aayog made a strong pitch for taxing agricultural income in the country.
finance minister arunjaitley wednesday said the centre has no plans to impose any tax on farm income.
i have read the paragraph in niti ayog report entitled 'income tax on agriculture income'.
to obviate any confusion on the subject, i categorically state that the central government has no plan to impose any tax on agriculture income.
niti aayog member bibek debroy had on tuesday suggested that taxes should be imposed on farm income above a certain threshold to expand the tax base.
on expanding the base on the personal income tax side, other than elimination of exemptions, is also to tax rural sector, including agriculture income above certain threshold, debroy had told reporters.
the aayog, however, distanced itself from the debroy's comment saying the views expressed by him were his own and not that of the aayog.
in another statement, the aayog said, several newspaper reports published on april 26th, 2017, state that niti aayog or its draft three year action agenda has recommended that farm income in india be taxed to expand the existing income tax base.
the niti aayog categorically states that this is neither the view of the aayog nor is such a recommendation made anywhere in the draft action agenda document as circulated to the governing council at the meeting on 23rd april 2017.
niti aayog notes that the views on taxing farm income expressed by member bibek debroy were personal and not those of the aayog, the niti aayog statement said.
taxing agriculture income in india is a sensitive issue and politically untenable even though several economists have time and again suggested to the governments on the need to tax rich farmers.
last updated: 28 september, 2011new delhi, september 28, dhns: 0:48 ista delhi court on wednesday dismissed the bail appeals of rajya sabha member amar singh in the 2008 cash-for-vote scam, but left the issue of keeping him behind the bars to doctors in view of his ill-health.
singh was admitted to all-india institute of medical sciences (aiims) on september 12 after his arrest by delhi polices crime branch for his alleged role in the scam on september 6.
special judge (anti-corruption) sangita dhingra sehgal rejected singhs regular as well as interim bail applications in view of the gravity of the allegations against him.
the accused has been named in an incident which showed desperate depths to which certain political functionaries and parties stooped and the exposures represent a gross moral degeneration which disgraced the sacrosanct parliamentary democracy, the court said.
the incident, which is the basis of the present case, has far-reaching consequences which are beyond imagination and have a very deep impact on society at large as an attempt to subvert the functioning of parliament and mock the republic of india has been made, it added.
the court noted that singh had played a major role in the entire episode which had come to light on july 22, 2008, during the debate on the trust vote in the lok sabha being forced upon upa-i due to withdrawal of support by left parties after indo-us nuclear deal.
the court, however, did not direct singhs immediate arrest and sending him to judicial custody as he has been recuperating in aiims due to various kidney-related ailments.
singhs aide sanjeev saxena, arrested on july 17, was also denied bail by the court.
as many as six persons, including bjp leader l k advanis ex-aide sudheendra kulkarni, have so far arrested in the case.
bjp leaders visitsenior bjp leaders l k advani, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley on wednesday visited tihar jail to meet sudheendra kulkarni, the man they described as a mere whistleblower in the cash-for-vote scam.
kulkarni, a former aid of advani, was sent to jail on tuesday due to his alleged role in the 2008 scam in which bjp mps displayed cash at lok sabha ahead of the trust vote on upa-i government and claimed that they had been bribed to vote in their favour.
the mps were also jailed in connection with the scam.
jaitley said the party would defend kulkarni both politically and legally.
they have exposed the crime , they have not done any crime.
they are whistleblower.
bjp to go solo in 2017 up assembly elections: naqvibareilly (up), jan 2, 2016, pti: 15:48 istrejecting speculations, bjp leader and union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said his party will contest assembly elections in uttar pradesh, slated next year, on its own.
bjp will contest the coming 2017 assembly elections on its own and form its government, naqvi, who was here to attend a private function, told reporters last night.
speaking on the ddca controversy involving finance minister arunjaitley , naqvi said the senior bjp leader was clean and honest and lashed out at the aam aadmi party, which he said was indulging in drama.
the minister of state for minorities also accused the congress of stalling country's development.
congress having feudal and imperial mentality does not want development of the country, he said as he labelled the party as the mother of corruption.
taking a dig at congress vice president rahul gandhi's foreign trip on new year, naqvi said anyone can celebrate new year anywhere in the world.
may be, foreign trip could give him some good sense, he added.
bjp plans to make it a spick-and-span eventbengaluru: april 2, 2015, dhns: 2:33 istmuch of the city will be free of cutouts and hoardingsthe bjp usually does its programmes in style.
it is not missing an opportunity to do so this time too.
the entire focus of the party is on hotel lalit ashok on kumara krupa road as it is going to be the venue for the three-day meeting from thursday.
the hotel has been spruced up to host the bjp national office bearers and executive committee meetings, wherein senior leaders, including prime minister narendra modi, party patriarch l k advani and national president amit shah will participate.
the entire kumara krupa road and sankey road that lead to the meeting venue have been draped in saffron-coloured bjp flags.
a saffron-coloured artificial lotus made out of cotton cloth has been erected at the junction in front of windsor manor hotel.
pictures of modi and amit shah have been affixed below the lotus.
a fountain at the entrance of hotel lalit ashok has been made to look like a lotus and it is the centre of attraction to those visiting the hotel.
however, the party has decided not to put up hoardings and cutouts of any of its leaders anywhere in the city.
directions have been given not to put up unauthorised hoardings and cutouts anywhere in the city.
only flags will be put up in certain places and permission has been obtained for this purpose, bjp state president pralhad joshi told reporters.
the arrangements have been made in tune with swaccha bharat movement.
the workers have been asked not to use much of plastic materials.
the party has obtained permission from the bbmp for putting up 1,000 flags and 300 banners.
the organisers have been asked to use only paper cups at hotel lalit ashok.
a majority of the 330 delegates who will be participating in the meeting will stay at lalit ashok.
but modi is likely to stay at raj bhavan.
police have cardoned off kumara krupa area, while special protection group (spg) personnel have taken over almost the entire hotel.
entry into the hostel premises has been restricted.
the national executive will be a closed-door meeting.
many of the delegates are union ministers, including rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arunjaitley and nitin gadkari.
senior party leaders, party chief ministers, deputy chief ministers, former chief ministers and state unit presidents are part of the national executive.
the national office bearers meeting is scheduled to be held on april 2, and amit shah will chair the meeting.
some of the delegates will stay at le meridian hotel.
it is for the fifth time karnataka is hosting the bjp national executive meeting.
the earlier meetings were in 1982, 1993, 1999 and 2008.
affordable housing gets infrastructure status in budgetnew delhi, feb 1, 2017 (pti) 15:08 istto boost slowdown-hit real estate sector, the government today announced infrastructure status to affordable housing to encourage investment in this segment and offered tax sops for developers sitting on completed unsold inventories.
the national housing bank will refinance individual housing loans of about rs 20,000 crore in 2017-18.
to promote affordable homes, the government also proposed to amend the section 80-iba, relaxing the condition of period of completion of the project for claiming deduction from the current three years to 5 years.
we propose to facilitate higher investment in affordable housing.
with surplus liquidity created by demonetisation, he said the banks have already started reducing their lending rates, including those for housing.
interest subvention for housing loans has also been announced by the prime minister.
stating that affordable housing is one of the thrust area of tax proposals, he said: in my budget proposals last year, i had announced a scheme for profit-linked income tax exemption for promoters of affordable housing scheme which has received a very good response.
to make this scheme more attractive, arunjaitley proposed certain changes in the scheme.
first of all, instead of built up area of 30 and 60 sq meter, the carpet area of 30 and 60 sq meter will be counted.
in order to be eligible, the scheme was to be completed in 3 years after commencement, he said, and proposed to extend this period to 5 years.
the government also announced tax sops for builders sitting on a huge unsold stocks amid multi-year slowdown in the real estate sector, particularly housing segment.
at present, the houses which are unoccupied after getting completion certificates are subjected to tax on notional rental income.
the finance minister also proposed to make a number of changes in the capital gain taxation provisions in respect of land and building.
the holding period for considering gain from immovable property to be long term is 3 years now.
this is proposed to be reduced to 2 years.
also, the base year for indexation is proposed to be shifted from april 1, 1981 to april 1, 2001 for all classes of assets including immovable property, he said.
this move will significantly reduce the capital gain tax liability while encouraging the mobility of assets.
for joint development agreement signed for development of property, he said the liability to pay capital gain tax will arise in the year the project is completed.
stating that the new capital for andhra pradesh is being constructed by land-pooling mechanism without use of the land acquisition act, arunjaitley proposed to exempt from capital gain tax, persons holding land on june 2, 2014, the date on which the state was reorganised, and whose land is being pooled for creation of capital city under the government scheme.
london/new delhi, reuters & press trust of india, apr 19 2017, 2:21 istcourt says must follow extradition rulesflamboyant businessman vijay mallya, pursued by the authorities over unpaid loans tied to his defunct kingfisher airlines, was arrested by the scotland yard in london on tuesday.
he was freed on a bail bond worth 6,50,000 pounds on strict conditions and will next appear at westminster magistrates court on may 17.
mallya must follow extradition rules, which include a requirement that he remain at the address provided to the court.
the government had revoked mallyas indian passport last year.
he must surrender that revoked travel document and is also forbidden from possessing any international travel documents, according to well-placed sources in the uk.
mallya has also been directed by the court that he remain in contact with uk authorities, with his mobile phone accessible at all times.
officers from the metropolitan polices extradition unit this (tuesday) morning arrested a man on an extradition warrant.
vijay mallya was arrested on behalf of the indian authorities in relation to accusations of fraud, the scotland yard said.
a source close to mallya said he attended a police station voluntarily and the arrest was a technical procedure.
mallya, in a message on twitter, called the news of his arrest usual indian media hype.
senior indian officials described his arrest as the first salvo in the case.
the arrest comes weeks after finance minister arunjaitley had indicated that mallyas extradition would feature in his talks during his visit to the uk.
on february 8, india asked britain to extradite mallya to face trial after the liquor and aviation tycoon fled to uk last march after banks sued to recover about rs 9,000 crore that kingfisher owes.
but mallya has repeatedly dismissed all charges, saying, not one rupee was misused.
minister of state for finance santosh kumar gangwar said, we are now assessing the facts on how we can bring him back into the country and start judicial proceedings against him.
india and britain have a mixed record on extradition, say legal experts.
some cases have collapsed when evidence fell short of the standard of dual criminality, or actions that amount to a crime in both countries.
legitimate casewhile handing over the request, india had asserted that it has a legitimate case against mallya and maintained that if an extradition request is honoured, it would show british sensitivity towards our concerns.
the uk home office declined to comment on individual cases but said that mallyas case will be handled under part 2 of the uks extradition act 2003.
in january, an indian court ordered a consortium of lenders to start the process of recovering the loans, and a central bureau investigation court had issued a non-bailable warrant against mallya in the rs 720-crore idbi bank loan default case.
mallya also co-owns the force india formula one team.
he has a base in london and a country home bought from the father of triple formula one world champion lewis hamilton.
black money, gst bills high on govt's agendanew delhi, april 18, 2015, dhns: 0:42 istthe government is looking to get two major legislations, one on black money and the other on goods and services tax (gst), passed in the budget session after parliament reconvenes on monday.
the black money bill seeks to impose harsh penalties on those hiding wealth overseas and the gst bill is aimed at rationalisation of indirect taxes.
the government proposes to make foreign income and assets (imposition of tax) bill, commonly known as black money bill, effective from the assessment year starting april 2016.
the bill, introduced in the lok sabha last month, proposes that wrongful disclosure and tax evasion be made a punishable offence to attract a jail term of up to10 years.
but it also provides a one-time compliance window to disclose foreign assets and accounts to avoid prosecution.
since it is a money bill, the legislation will not require clearance from the rajya sabha where the government is in the minority.
the other major legislation is the gst bill that promises a modern tax regime to increase investment and broaden tax base to realise double-digit economic growth.
finance minister arunjaitley has already convinced investors in the us that the parliament will pass the bill in the coming three weeks.
this will allow states to tax services and the centre to tax goods at the retail level.
the bill should see the light of the day as the centre and the states have reached a near consensus following jaitley's assurance to states on compensation for revenue losses.
the centre has agreed to zero-rate petroleum for three years under gst and to compensate the states for any revenue loss on account of subsuming entry taxes.
this will mean that though petroleum will be included in gst, it will be taxed at zero per cent, allowing states to tax it for three years.
after three years, petroleum goods will be taxed through gst.
'unfair to compare modi's first year with upa tenure'new delhi, may 22, 2015, dhns: 0:49 isttargeted by the modi government over corruption cases during its tenure, the congress on friday said it was unfair to draw the comparison with the decade-long tenure of the upa.
were there any corruption allegations in the first year of the upa  2004-05, asked aicc general secretary digvijay singh.
he was reacting to questions on finance minister arunjaitley claims of nda giving corruption-free governance.
the congress leader argued that the first year performance of the modi government should be compared with the same period of the upa government and not with the entire decade of the upa rule.
singh also questioned the rafale deal announced by prime minister narendra modi during his visit to france.
we would like to know whether any due diligence was shown by the defence ministry before the outright purchase of 36 fighter aircraft was announced, the former madhya pradesh chief minister said.
the congress leaders had become rent seekers and name lenders, he saidon friday, the finance minister said corruption-free governance and decisiveness even in the face of obstructionism have been important hallmarks of the narendra modi-led nda government.
seeking to punch holes in jaitleys claims, singh wondered whether modi would make public the report of the serious fraud investigation office probe into the purti group of which union minister nitin gadkari was once a board member.
the congress leader also flagged the allocation of a mega food park in maharashtra to a businessman with questionable past.
this is just one year in office, let them move ahead many more cases would be unravelled, singh said.
govt endeavours to bring in bill on black money within 10 dayschennai, mar 11, 2015 (pti) 18:27 istthe government today said it wants to introduce in parliament the new law on black money within 10 days to strengthen the hands of tax department in dealing with illicit wealth stashed abroad.
it is our endeavour to introduce the bill in the first leg of the budget session.
.
.
before parliament goes for recess, revenue secretary shaktikanta das said while addressing a cii event here.
the first leg of the ongoing budget session of parliament ends on march 20.
the proposed law will have a provision of 10-year rigorous imprisonment for concealment of overseas assets.
elaborating on the proposed law, das said, the (revenue) department will be empowered to attach assets of equivalent value in india.
as a country, we need to curb this.
the new law, he added, would plug loopholes and strengthen the hands of revenue department in dealing with the assets stashed abroad.
referring to the efforts being made by the revenue department to obtain information about persons mentioned in the hsbc list from swiss authorities, das said, they have agreed to provide information in respect of cases which are independently investigated by our tax authorities and income tax department.
the swiss authorities have also promised to provide all information in a time-bound manner, he said, adding for the first time (they have agreed) to commence negotiations with india with regard to automatic exchange of information.
.
.
.
they have also agreed to validate any information with regard to banking or non-banking information.
india in urgent need to increase shipping fleet: surveynew delhi, feb 26, 2016 (pti) 15:01 istindia's troubled shipping sector is in a dire need to change its fleet, which has as many as 42 per cent of the vessels that have crossed 20 years of age.
in addition, 12 per cent of the fleet is in the 15-19 years bracket, while the ship-breaking sector continues to be in turmoil, the economic survey for 2015-16, tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley , said today.
the shipping sector has been passing through tumultuous waters in recent years.
.
.
there is urgent need to increase indias shipping fleet.
with asset prices currently being serendipitously low, the time is right to acquire new generation ships to replace ageing ones, it said.
expressing concern over the condition of india's fleet, it said it is aging and 42.
42 per cent of the fleet is over 20 years old and 12.
43 per cent in the 15-19 age group.
there is a need for cheaper finance and longer tenure for funds in light of the fact that indian ships are ageing and need to be replaced and asset prices are serendipitously low, it said.
there has been a sharp decline in the share of indian ships in the carriage of indias overseas trade from about 40 per cent in the late 1980s to 7.
45 per cent in 2014-15, it cautioned.
the significance of the sector can be understood from the fact that about 95 per cent of indias trade by volume and 68 per cent in terms of value is transported by sea.
as on 30 november 2015, india had a fleet strength of 1,246 ships with dead weight tonnage (dwt) of 15.
37 million.
despite having one of the largest merchant shipping fleets among developing countries, indias share in total world dwt is only 0.
9 per cent as on 1 july 2015.
the shipping sector has been passing through stormy waters.
.
.
the baltic dry index, a freight index and a good proxy for the robustness of trade as well as an indicator of demand for shipping services had fallen from a peak of 11,793 on 20 may 2008 to a low of 663.
.
.
and is now in the red at 290 as on 10 february 2016, it said.
this, coupled with the fact that world and indian services and merchandise trade growth was in negative territory in 2015 as in 2009, is a clear signal of the fragile international trade and shipping situation, it said.
the survey said import of cheap chinese steel billets into the major ship-breaking locations is resulting in falling demand for scrap ships.
recognising the need to encourage the growth of indian tonnage and for higher participation of indian ships in indian exim trade, the government has taken several key steps including making fuel tax free for all indian flag coastal vessels and removing other obstacles, it said.
the government has also come out with a blueprint for increasing the share of the coastal/inland waterways transport mode from 7 per cent to 10 per cent by 2019-20, the survey said.
it added that the inland waterways transport (iwt) sector remained dormant for a long time and lost its relevance and importance in the overall transport sector but considering its potential, steps are being taken to develop it.
a significant step in creation of iwt infrastructure is implementation of the jal marg vikas project with world bank assistance of rs 4,200 crore, it said.
after commissioning of ntpc's haldia -farakka coal transportation project by a private sector company, the inland waterways authority of india (iwai) is working on a project for transportation of 3 mtpa imported coal from the bay of bengal to the barh power plant of ntpc.
to provide a thrust to the iwt sector, on the legislative front, it has been decided that in addition to the existing 5 national waterways, 106 more waterways across 24 states would be declared as national waterways and a bill was passed to this effect by the lok sabha in the winter session of parliament.
deadlock continues on gst even as govt breaks bread with oppnnew delhi, dec 14, 2015, pti: 19:54 istdeadlock continued on the gst bill after finance minister arunjaitley today held inconclusive talks with congress leaders to sort out differences to ensure its passage and the two sides will meet again later.
the congress also made it clear that the engagement between them cannot be restricted to just one issue.
with only seven days left from tomorrow for the winter session to conclude, arunjaitley and parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu hosted a lunch for leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, deputy leader anand sharma and chief whip in lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia to discuss the issue of gst and functioning of parliament.
it was andhra food cooked at naidu's home that was served.
citing absence of leader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge, who was not in delhi, the party sought another meeting, which was readily accepted by the government, which is to keen to break the logjam on this key economic reform measure.
today's talks remain inconclusive.
it is a work in progress.
there was no structured discussion today, sharma said noting that it was the first such meeting after prime minister narendra modi reached out to congress president sonia gandhi and former prime minister manmohan singh.
he insisted, engagement between government and opposition cannot be restricted to one issue.
after not engaging opposition for 18 months, government is desperate to discuss with us just one bill.
first they should not be over-obsessed with one bill as other important legislations are also pending.
the congress leader used the occassion to target modi lamenting that the measure could not be passed for five long years during the upa-ii due to the opposition by the present prime minister, who was then the gujarat chief minister.
the indian economy has not gone into deep freeze because of non-passage of the measure, said sharma, who was commerce and industry minister in the upa government, charging the modi government with mismanaging the economy.
that despite today's meeting there was no let up in the confrontation between the two sides was clear with arunjaitley remarking after the luncheon that the current session is also threatened with a washout.
the last session of parliament did not function.
the current session of the parliament is also threatened with a wash out.
the reasons for the wash out of the current session keep changing by the hour, he said.
opposition not prepared for discussion, says jaitleynew delhi, july 22, 2015, (ians) 16:14 istunion finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the opposition was not prepared for a discussion in parliament and was changing stance on the issues raised by it.
yesterday (tuesday), the opposition wanted a discussion on the issue and we conceded, but the opposition was not ready.
today (wednesday), they have changed their stance and wanted a probe.
.
.
those who violated law have to be investigated like in the 2g and coal scam.
we asked them to inform which law has been broken, and under what provision they have been violated.
sushma ji wanted to put forward her arguments in parliament, but the opposition is not willing to listen.
the opposition is not prepared and equipped with facts to hold a discussion, the minister said.
the opposition is demanding the resignation of external affairs minsiter sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalit modi issue while madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouchan is under attack for the vyapam scam.
on gst, we want this historic legislation for the whole country and want it to be discussed in the house.
in 2006, the proposal was made and upa introduced it after discussions.
today, the congress has given a separate dissent note on the gst; it is dissent against their own bill, said jaitley.
communist party of india-marxist general secretary sitaram yechury, who was involved in a heated debate with arun jailtey in the rajya sabha, later said: we are demanding investigation into the corruption cases.
till the probe is on, the ministers should demit office.
a precedent was set by them and the same yardstick applies to them as well, he said.
yogi's surprise parting speech in lok sabhanew delhi: march 22, 2017, dhns 1:44 istpeople sit outside a slaughterhouse that was sealed by the authorities in allahabad on tuesday.
shutting illegal slaughterhouses was one of the poll promises made by the bjp and adityanath (inset) made a veiled reference to it in the lok sabha on tuesday.
ptiuttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on tuesday made a surprise appearance in the lok sabha to participate in a discussion on the finance bill but it virtually ended up as his parting speech.
prime minister narendra modis policies will be implemented in up and every citizen will be cared for, adityanath said.
he narrated a story to inform the house on how he ensured that gorakhpur was rinsed off kidnapping, extortion and riot culture after he became an mp for the first time at the age of 26.
after his maiden entry into the lok sabha in 1998, adityanath met the then union minister surjit singh barnala for constituency-related work.
adityanath told the house that those days he was very thin and barnala asked him thrice if he was from gorakhpur to which he said yes.
adityanath said he finally asked, sardarji why are you repeatedly asking this question.
the chief minister quoted the former union minister as saying that he would not dare go to gorakhpur since during a visit bombs were hurled in the area.
and since the last 15 years, no crime and riot has taken place, adityanath said.
adityanath also met modi, bjp chief amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh and arunjaitley and party patriach l k advani.
the hindutva hardliner took a jibe at former chief minister akhilesh yadav and congress vice-president rahul gandhi.
i am a year younger than rahul gandhi and one year older than akhilesh.
but i have come in between the pair, he said, alluding to the bjp which spoiled the sp-congress alliances chance of coming to power.
he also hinted that a lot of things will be shut in up, perhaps indicating at slaughter houses.
aap hits back at jaitleynew delhi, may 19, 2015, (pti) 19:23 istthe aap today hit back at arunjaitley for his comments that the people of delhi were now paying the price for electing the party to power, saying that it exposed the bjp's deep frustration and anti-democratic stance.
taking a jibe at arunjaitley , senior aap leader ashutosh said the man who had lost badly in amritsar should not bother about delhi since they will never understand the city.
the country is suffering from the experiment done by prime minister narendra modi by making him (jaitley) the finance minister, who lost so badly in amrtisar, ashutosh said referring to the bjp's leader defeat congress leader captain amrinder singh.
the aap leader said that bjp has failed to understand delhi and in coming years, it will disappear from the national capital.
bjp will never understand how delhi has changed.
67 seats were given (to aap) by the people and this (comment) is insulting that mandate.
the bjp had disappeared in delhi in 20 years and it won't be in national capital for next 20 years, ashutosh added.
the party said that arunjaitley terming the historic mandate by the people of delhi for the aam aadmi party as an experiment have exposed his deep frustration and anti-democratic stance.
the historic election results in february which have made the bjp and congress irrelevant in the electoral politics of national capital are reverberating in the words of political leaders like mr arunjaitley , the party said in a statement.
it added that the bjp is unable to recover from the drubbing it received in the delhi assembly elections.
the trend of bjp decline initiated by the delhi elections has instilled a sense of insecurity in this party, which is now trying to undermine the democratically elected state government in the national capital.
ever since arvind kejriwal led aam aadmi party came to power in delhi, the bjp led regime at the centre has been looking at ways and means to belittle the february election results in delhi by using different offices including that of the lt governor to interfere with the working of the state government, the statement added.
reverse decisions of gst council: irs officersnew delhi, feb 27, 2017, dhns: 1:21 istthe association of indian revenue services (irs) officers has shot a letter to the prime minister seeking reversal of certain decisions taken by the gst council last month.
earlier, finance minister arunjaitley had warned irs officers against expressing their reservations over gst.
the letter seeks revision of assessees below rs 1.
5 crore turnover from 90:10 in favour of the states as decided by the gst council to an equal 50:50 ratio, reverting integrated gst to the centre and exclusive role of the centre in territorial waters.
the letter says distribution of assessees in the ratio of 90:10 is unfair and reduces the legitimate work and career aspirations of the officers of central board of excise and customs.
this decision would lead to the assessee base of the cbec becoming extremely small bringing into risk the very survival of the department.
the vertical division in the ratio of 90:10 below rs 1.
5 crore could lead to only 18  of the assessee base being available with the centre.
with this ratio, the centre may lose revenue of about rs 1.
1 lakh crore, president of irs association anup k srivastava stated in the letter.
besides, igst assessment errors by state officials would go outside the oversight of the comptroller and auditor general (cag) and public accounts committee.
at present, big service tax assessees in sectors such as aviation, telecom and insurance face just one tax assessment point; but in the new gst, they will face 30 tax administrations.
this belies the promise of one nation one tax, the letter read.
the association has also raised the issue of states having little experience of service tax.
under article 258 of the constitution, the delegation of power by the centre to the states is an extraordinary power used only where the central bureaucracy isnt available, the letter read.
the irs officers have high, specialised expertise in dealing with complex items such as gst than a generalist ias.
but, there was no revenue service representation in the gst council to give expert advice.
the cbec chairman was only an invitee, it said.
congress planning to block parliament business: arunjaitley delhi, nov 23, 2014, (ians): 19:59 istahead of the winter session of parliament beginning monday, finance minister arunjaitley sunday warned that the congress party was planning strategies to block official business and legislation in parliament.
the congress party had damaged the national economy while in power and wants to pursue the same destructive direction while in opposition.
jaitley wrote in his latest facebook post.
he had said the same friday at the hindustan times leadeship summit here.
the finance minister criticised the congress over its lack of issues, saying it was unnecessarily making a public debate out of a public sector bank giving credit to a particular business house, in an apparent reference to the state bank of india's mou for providing a $1 billion loan to adani mining for its project in australia.
since when has the issue of a creditor's willingness to give debt to a borrower become an issue of public debate.
it entirely depends upon the debtor-creditor relationship and the credit worthiness of the debtor.
this showed a paucity of issues with the congress party, he said.
jaitley further said that without reading the relevant notifications on the kisan vikas patra (kvp), the congress party had described it as being a boon for black money.
the notification of the kvp clearly shows identity disclosure at the time of purchase of all kvps is necessary.
if the kvp is purchased for more than rs.50,000, pan number has also to be given.
it appears that the congress party had given reaction without reading the notification, he wrote.
jaitley also praised commerce minister nirmala sitharaman's successful negotiations with the americans to resolve the world trade organisation (wto) impasse on the food security issue.
those returning awards are rabid anti-bjp elements: jaitleypatna, oct 29, 2015 (pti) 15:34 istfinance minister arunjaitley today hit out at those creative personalities returning awards as rabid anti-bjp elements and said some of them had gone to varanasi to campaign against narendra modi in the last general elections.
those returning awards are playing politics by other means.
they are rabid anti-bjp elements, arunjaitley , who also holds charge of the information and broadcasting ministry, told reporters here to a question on the returning of awards by writers and film-makers.
stating that space of the left has reduced, he claimed that those returning awards were in a way electioneering against the bjp in bihar polls.
rejecting the charge that an atmosphere of intolerance was prevailing in the country, he said there was normalcy in the country and there was no atmosphere (of intolerance) for which the central government was responsible.
he condemned all the incidents being dubbed as examples of intolerance and called for strict action against those responsible for it.
the union minister, however, said there was a disproportionate political reaction to the incidents taking place in the country and asked those returning awards if their conscience had pricked when corruption and scams to the tune of lakhs and crores of rupees were taking place during the upa rule.
on the students of ftii withdrawing agitation and resuming academic activities in the campus, arunjaitley welcomed the move and said the government wanted to make ftii an institution of excellence.
parrikar to discuss orop with jaitleynew delhi, june 3, 2015, dhns: 1:29 istdefence minister manohar parrikar is likely to meet finance minister arunjaitley later this week to iron out the differences on the implementation of the one rank one pension (orop) for the ex-servicemen.
the two senior ministers would not only have to find ways to arrange for an additional rs 8,300 crore in the defence ministrys budget in 2015 to implement orop, but would also have to plug the loopholes while rolling out the scheme.
prime minister narendra modi earlier assured the veterans that the orop would be implemented though it might take some time.
at this stage, possible legal challenges would also have to be anticipated and resolved before an official announcement is made on the implementation of orop, benefiting 25 lakh families.
with the 7th pay commission slated to submit its report by 2015 end, the ministers would have decide on the periodicity of future upgrade before implementing the orop.
in the past, successive pay commissions had widened the gap between those who retired decades ago with those who retired later.
as there are big gaps in the amount of pension received by the ex-servicemen depending on their date of retirement, the armed forces favour orop, under which everybody retiring from the same rank after serving the same number of years, would get the same amount of pension.
once implemented, orop is likely to benefit close to 56 per cent of the foot soldiers of the indian army, who retired in their late 30s as sepoy.
the pension of a sepoy, who retires after 17 years of service would see nearly 40 per cent jump if the defence ministry implemented the orop as per the proposals submitted by the armed forces, defence ministry sources said.
dehradun/new delhi, mar 20, 2016, (pti) 18:06 istuttarakhand speaker govind singh kunjwal has issued notices to nine rebel congress mlas asking them why they should not be disqualified from the house even as arunjaitley and rahul gandhi sparred over the political crisis in the hill state.
main opposition bjp has, meanwhile, claimed that 35 mlas including 26 from the party and nine from congress had already given a notice for a no-confidence motion against the speaker to the vidhan sabha secretary for his alleged failure to conduct the house in an impartial manner even before he issued the notices to the rebel congress mlas.
chief minister harish rawat while training his guns on the bjp said they are killing democracy.
bjp party with the support of their party at centre is trying to destabilise the state governments.
they are killing democracy.
they talk about cooperative federalism and they are targeting the opposition governments selectively, he said.
notices have been issued to the nine rebel congress mlas following a request from party chief whip and parliamentary affairs minister indira hridayesh seeking action against them for violating the party whip in the state assembly during voting on the finance bill.
the notices have been pasted on the walls of the houses of the mlas concerned which asks them to submit their replies to the speaker by march 26 evening.
however, pradesh bjp president and leader of opposition in the state assembly ajay bhatt said as a notice of no-confidence has already been moved against the speaker he should quit his post.
using the uttarakhand crisis to escalate his attack on prime minister narendra modi and bjp, rahul gandhi said it has exposed the true face of modiji's bjp and that toppling governments by blatant use of money seems to be the ruling party's new model.
toppling elected govts by indulging in horse trading & blatant misuse of money & muscle, seems to be bjp's new model, after failure in bihar.
congress party will fight demagoguery with democracy.
this attack on our democracy & constitution, first in arunachal & now uttarakhand, is the true face of modiji's bjp, the congress vice president said in a series of tweets.
senior bjp leader and finance minister arunjaitley blamed the congress for the crisis, claiming there is deep division and said it cannot be attributable to the bjp.
there is a deep division in the congress in uttarakhand.
.
.
the congress had earlier accused the bjp of engineering split in the party.
jaitley said that a majority of mlas voted against the controversial finance bill but the speaker declared it passed.
in uttarakhand, speaker considered a failed bill as passed.
this is happening for the first time in the country, he said.
chief minister rawat said the bjp strategy to topple his government is a type of an encounter and referred to how police horse shaktiman was brutally attacked during a protest by bjp workers in dehradun and had its hind leg amputated.
first they broke the leg of the horse and now by doing horse trading, they want to break the leg of uttarakhand.
before the crisis unfolded, the congress had 36 mlas in the 70-member assembly.
bjp hunkers down to fight once morelast updated: 15 may, 2011ajith athrady and deepak upreti, new delhi, may 15, dhns : 0:15 isttaken aback by karnataka governor h r bhardwajs recommendation to the president to dismiss the bjp government in the state, the bjp central leadership held a marathon meeting till late night on sunday and decided to fight the issue both ''politically and legally''.
soon after receiving news of the governor sending his report to the rashtrapati bhavan, the party top brass called an emergency meeting here, attended by senior leader l k advani, opposition leader in lok sabha sushma swaraj, opposition leader in rajya sabha arunjaitley and others.
the partys legal luminaries including arunjaitley and soli sorabjee were also in constant touch with the bjp state leadership, including chief minister b s yeddyurappa.
the party rushed general secretary in charge of karnataka dharmendra pradhan to bangalore, while venkaiah naidu will be reaching bangalore from chennai monday morning.
the party has concluded that the governors decision will not stand the scrutiny of courts.
the governor has been acting as an agent of the congress party and not as a constitutional head and therefore his action has a stamp of approval of the congress, a senior party leader told deccan herald.
the party is looking at the option of bringing all its mlas to the nations capital to parade before the rashtrapati bhavan to show its strength soon.
jaitley attacked the governors report as unconstitutional saying it was an extraordinary recommendation.
he claimed that the bjp had a majority of 121 mlas in the 224-member house with the return of the rebels.
speaking to deccan herald, dharmendra pradhan said that the governors recommendation is unconstitutional and he has to explain his conduct.
new delhi: march 21, 2017, dhns 0:00 istfm to table bills as money bills soonthe union cabinet on monday approved the supporting goods and service tax (gst) laws paving the way for their introduction in parliament this week.
aiming to roll out the gst by the july 1 deadline, the government will introduce the supporting laws  central gst, integrated gst, utgst and compensation law  as money bills for their smooth passage without any delay, a senior official said after the cabinet meeting.
these four legislations have been earlier approved by the gst council over 12 meetings of the council held in the last six months.
the cgst bill makes provisions for levy and collection of tax on intra-state supply of goods or services for both by the centre.
on the other hand, the igst bill makes provisions for levy and collection of tax on inter-state supply of goods, or services, or both, by the centre.
the utgst bill makes provisions for levy on collection of tax on intra-ut supply of goods and services in the union territories without legislature.
utgst is akin to states goods and services tax (sgst) which shall be levied and collected by the states/union territories on intra-state supply of goods or services or both.
loss of revenuethe compensation law provides for compensation to the states for loss of revenue arising on account of implementation of the goods and services tax for a period of five years.
the government is committed to early introduction of gst, one of the biggest reforms, in the country as early as possible.
the gst council has decided july 1 as the date of commencement of the gst, an official statement said after the cabinet meeting.
after the four gst laws are passed by parliament and the sgst is cleared by state legislatures, indias one-nation, one-tax law will be technically ready for implementation.
however, a major work on fitment of rates still remains to be done.
fitment of rates has to be done in the slabs decided earlier  they are 5 , 12 , 18  and 28 .
additionally there will be a levy of cess at the rate of 12  on sin and luxury goods.
the peak rate of cess will be 15 .
the amount garnered through cess will be used for compensating states during implementation of gst for the initial five years.
bjp confident of proving majority in goa floor test: jaitleynew delhi, mar 14, 2017 (pti) 19:10 istfinance minister arun jaitley.
pti file photo.
jaitley said with the elections throwing a hung assembly, the bjp quickly cobbled together an alliance of 21 out of 40 newly elected mlas supporting a government under former defence minister manohar parrikar but the congress with 17 mlas till date has not elected a leader nor staked a claim to form the government.
to buttress his claim, he cited examples of 2013 assembly elections in delhi, 2002 polls in jammu and kashmir and 2005 jharkhand elections where the bjp despite being the largest party was not invited to form governments.
the congress party has been protesting that it should have been invited by the governor of goa to have its leaders sworn.
in a hung assembly, 21 mlas including 13 of the bjp clearly extended support to parrikar while the congress was left with only 17, he said.
so when there is a clear alliance of 21, which is a majority, who appeared in person before the governor and who have also given written letters of support, how could the governor have invited a minority when there is a majority claim before him, he said.
asked about the supreme court not staying the swearing in of parrikar as the goa chief minister but ordering floor test on march 16, he said the apex court was right as sooner it (the floor test) happens the better it is, because then there is no horse trading.
the supreme court has said that you immediately establish the majority which is a right verdict, he said.
asked if his party will be able to prove its majority, he said: the bjp is confident that we will establish the majority.
in that state as well, the bjp with 21 mlas has managed to stitch an alliance and stake claim to form the government.
earlier in the day, arunjaitley wrote a facebook post thrashing the congress for complaining a bit too much and accusing the bjp of stealing the mandate in goa.
it unsuccessfully petitioned before the supreme court.
it attempted to raise issues in the lok sabha, he said.
the 17 mlas of the congress did not even make a claim nor elected their leader.
how could the congress ever be invited to form the government?
citing past precedences, he said the bjp was the single largest party in jharkhand in 2005, but the jmm was invited to form the government as it had stitched an alliance.
similarly in 2002, the national conference was the single largest party in jammu and kashmir yet the pdp was invited.
more recently in 2013, the bjp was the single largest party in delhi but aam aadmi party was invited because majority of mlas, including that of the congress, gave letters of support in its favour.
so i don't think there is any basis for the congress party being invited (in goa), particularly because it neither had the majority nor had it made any claim before the governor, he said.
jaitley, who has also been given the additional charge of the defence ministry after parrikar's resignation, said voters in goa and manipur elections have chosen a hung assembly with no single party getting a clear majority.
elections are held to form government and hence it is natural that when a single party does not have a clear majority then the elected mlas and those from smaller regional parties will decide on which party to support.
and based on their support, one party will form government between the two major parties, he told reporters.
congress' statement that it should have been called to form the government has no reason and basis, he said.
there has been precedence that when the alternate alliance establishes their majority, then that coalition is called for forming the government.
hence the opposition of the congress to this is baseless, he said.
house panel adopts report on insurance amendment billnew delhi, dec 08, 2014, dhns: 1:40 istamid opposition from four parties, the rajya sabha select committee on monday adopted its report on the insurance amendment bill with a recommendation to keep ownership and control of the firms with indian companies, while capping foreign investment through any route at 49 per cent.
the report will be tabled in the upper house on wednesday, along with dissent notes from the cpm, janata dal (united), samajwadi party and trinamool congress members.
the opposing mps have been given time till tuesday evening to submit their notes.
the 15-member select committee headed by the bjp's chandan mitra was set up to scrutinise the insurance laws (amendment) bill, 2008, which was initially introduced by the congress-led united progressive alliance government.
the report defines the ownership and control of insurance companies receiving foreign direct investment (fdi) up to 49 per cent with indian firms, sources told deccan herald.
they also said that the bill did not have this provision and the select committee had included it.
the panel is also learnt to have capped all forms of foreign investment at 49 per cent.
i will submit my dissent note on tuesday, cpm mp and select committee member p rajeeve told deccan herald.
he had opposed the committee clearing the provisions, which were earlier rejected by the parliamentary standing committee.
rajeeve said he also opposed the government view that fdi influx into the insurance sector would ensure more penetration.
fruits, veggies as high-value cropsby dr shweta khandelwal, feb 8, 2017 23:46 istthe union budget 2017 was emphasised as pro-poor.
of course, there were charges from opposition parties that it neglected certain sections, but overall, there were several elements which merit applause and encouragement.
in the context of the current gloomy public health scenario in india, it is critical that we analyse the commitments made in finance minister arunjaitley budget speech.
some of the major highlights with respect to promotion of fruits and vegetable (fv) include: enabling farmers to get better prices for their produce; expansion of the coverage of national agricultural market (e-nam) to 585 agricultural produce market committees (apmcs); financial assistance to every e-nam market for establishment of cleaning, grading and packaging facilities; market reforms to denotify perishables from the apmcs; integration of fv growing farmers with agro processing units for better price realisation and reduction of post-harvest losses.
fruits and vegetables are not only important from the countrys economic point of view but also from the citizens health aspect.
research and ample evidence shows that regular consumption of at least 400 grams per day fruits and vegetables ensures better health and boosts nations productivity.
the fv helps us meet the micronutrients (vitamins and minerals) requirement in our body which our largely cereal based diet is unable to provide.
this becomes even more critical for younger ages.
science shows that a largely carbohydrate rich diet (unaccompanied by micronutrients) may predispose us towards chronic diseases like cardiovascular problems, diabetes etc.
in short, fvs help to tackle both forms of malnutrition  underweight as well as overweight, obesity.
the phfis (public health foundation of india) recent study (november 2016) on fv had highlighted several of the above mentioned issues as bottlenecks for reduced fv consumption among our population.
we had indicated that governments efforts in this direction were increasing but needed more coordination with the food and nutrition ministry as well as public health action groups to make a much more significant improvement in health and nutrition status of the masses.
we had reported that the fv supply chains were diversifying with traditional, commercial and modern approaches co-existing.
this required innovation in production, transport and retail to meet the changing markets.
the assurance by the finance minister to develop a model law on contract farming for all states to adopt, works well and may go a long way in enhancing the quality and quantity of yield.
as public health and nutrition researchers, it is important to highlight a few aspects which can further be worked upon using fv to ameliorate the excessive and pervasive micronutrient deficiency in our population.
efforts could be channelised to encourage research and innovation to improve efficiencies, reduce wastage and improve healthy competition for fv as a high value crop both economically and nutritionally.
focus on improving provision of infrastructure for storage and transport of perishable produce is required; including through drawing on indigenous techniques.
collaboration and coherence in policies across the supply chain need to be strengthened, with a focus on improving outcomes for consumers in terms of access and quality.
boosting fv sectorthe policy implementation across sectors drawing on expertise from the ministry of food processing and industry, department of agriculture (national horticulture board), department of health, as well as from states and industry can further provide a boost to the fv sector.
this should be done in line with demanding and creating a conducive environment.
people should be able to buy fresh fvs without the fear of being cheated on quantity or quality.
the digitisation or cashless economy drive should be built up and/or strengthened in peri-urban, urban as well as rural areas especially for small vendors, local fv sellers and farmers.
the process should appear user-friendly and hassle free, else people will still be looking for change for large denominations, which in turn results in huge losses for business of perishable commodities.
we must ensure that this becomes a collective move for the people and by the people against corruption to strengthen the economy as well as health status.
annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service, apr 28 2017, 13:46 istallaying fears of rising prices of goods and service once gst rolls out, finance minister arunjaitley on friday promised there will be no surprise in fixing tax rates under the proposed indirect tax law.
the gst council in its two-day meeting from may 18 is expected to finalise the fitment of rates of all commodities and services under the new gst regime aimed to roll out from july 1.
we are now in final stages of fixing tariffs for different commodities.
he was addressing industry chamber cii's annual meeting.
ahead of the roll out of india's biggest indirect tax reform, he also appealed to the businesses to pass on the benefit of gst to consumers.
the gst council has earlier zeroed in on a four-tier rate structure of 5 , 12 ,18  and 28  along with a cess of a maximum of 12  to be imposed on luxury and sin goods.
jaitley also hinted at some tough measures to bringing more people under tax net.
some tough steps are necessary to make india a tax compliant society, he said.
tour cos cheer 'incredible india 2.
0'hrithik kiran bagade, feb 2, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 1:19 isteven as travel companies view plans for the industry in the budget with a wait-and-watch approach, they seem elated at the governments idea to develop domestic tourism, and promote the country as an ideal holiday destination, through incredible india 2.
0.
five special tourism zones, anchored on spvs (special purpose vehicles), will be set up in partnership with the states.
the incredible india 2.
0 campaign will be launched across the world.
according to data provided by the indian brand equity foundation (ibef), the tourism industry is expected to generate 13.
45 million jobs, across sub-segments such as restaurants (10.
49 million), hotels (2.
3 million), and travel agents/tour operators (0.
66 million).
also, the total contribution of travel and tourism to indias gdp is forecasted to increase by 4.
97  per annum, to $280.
5 billion by 2025.
however, experts and travel companies are looking at the budgetary announcements with a wait-and-watch approach, even as they seem quite confident of a brighter future for various aspects of the industry.
according to fcm travel solutions managing director rakshit desai, with an objective to clearly give a further impetus to both domestic and inbound tourism, we feel the strategic vision for the incredible india 2.
0 campaign announced by the finance ministry is a positive step.
this kind of support from the government goes a long way in creating awareness and should further help india get a distinct competitive edge vis--vis other destinations.
stating tourism as an important part of the global economy and a significant employment generator, sotc travel md vishal suri said, the governments initiative on digitisation and governance is expected to improve transparency and the ease of doing business, and is positive for the formal sector.
the ban on cash transactions over rs 3 lakh is a welcome move, and is expected to provide a level-playing-field (for the tourism sector).
thomas cook (india) coo mahesh iyer opined that the budget has very little to offer to the tourism industry.
but with plans to launch incredible india 2.
0 as the next phase of growth for domestic tourism with respect to india, there is something to look forward to, he confirmed.
in order to behold indias picturesque landscapes on rail, the budget has mulled steps to launch dedicated trains for tourism and pilgrimage.
india has a vast railway network and the budget acknowledges the strength of this.
one of the biggest announcements is the withdrawal of service charge on rail tickets booked through irctc.
focus on railway security and upgradation of services is expected to boost rail tourism, iyer added.
ease of doing businessdomestic transfer pricing only an entity enjoys specified profit-linked deductionthreshold limit for audit of business entities which opt for presumptive income scheme hiked to rs 2 crorethreshold for maintenance of books for individuals and huf hiked to turnover of rs 25 lakh or income of rs 2.
trinamool continues protest over black moneynew delhi, nov 27, 2014, dhns: 0:51 istthe trinamool congress (tmc), facing severe criticism over its mps involvement in saradha scam, is adopting different methods of protests to draw public attention on the black money issue they are raising inside parliament.
on thursday, tmc mps walked into the lok sabha draped in black shawls to lend their voice to the opposition demand for repatriating slush money stashed in foreign banks.
a day before the ruling west bengal party attended the lower house, with proceedings armed with black umbrellas painted with bring back black money.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan had taken strong objection against mps coming with umbrellas as it is illegal to bring any object inside the house.
she had summoned senior leaders of the tmc to caution them that she would take action against the erring mps if they flash it inside the house.
the government allowed a debate on black money which spilled over from wednesday to thursday.
it was slated to be completed in the evening with finance minister arunjaitley reply.
tmc leaders raised slogans against it, but speaker mahajan went ahead with question hour proceedings.
contrary to their previous days stand where they joined hands with the congress and samajwadi party to protest closer to the well leading to two adjournments before lunch break, tmc leaders gave up after a brief period.
last year, an mp had smuggled chilly spray into the lok sabha which he used inside the house demanding separate telangana state.
it had lead to panic and breathlessness among the members and also lead to a demand that mps privilege of having access to parliament without frisking should be withdrawn.
last updated: 23 july, 2011ajith athrady, new delhi, july 23, dhns: 0:26 istis embattled chief minister b s yeddyurappa trying to push his trusted protege shobha karandlaje as his successor, if forced to resign in the wake of his likely indictment by the lokayukta report, in the mining scam?
this has been the buzz in the political circle in the national capital for the past few days, though bjp officially refuse (refused) to comment on the issue.
the chief minister, who was here to meet prime minister manmohan singh, seeking coal allocation to the states pending power projects, last week, also met all top bjp leaders.
courtsey callhe was understood to have taken karandlaje with him to all these meetings and discussed with them the issue of her becoming his successor.
though the chief minister termed it a courtsey call, sources close to him told deccan herald that yeddyurappa, who had an inkling that the lokayukta report would land him in trouble, brought karandlaje along and took her to meet top bjp leaders including l k advani, nitin gadkari, arunjaitley and sushma swaraj.
he was also learnt to have asked the party leaders to make him as the state bjp unit president, promising to bring the party back to power in the next state elections.
unlike his previous meeting with senior party leaders in delhi, where he used to come with ministers like higher education minister v s acharya or law minister suresh kumar, during his last visit he was accompanied only by the power minister.
this raised many eyebrows in the party circle.
surprisingly, his son and mp b y raghavendra was conspicuous by his absence during the visit.
sources close to the chief minister told deccan herald that yeddyurappa went on a week-long tour of mauritius, along with family members ,numbering around 20, just to convince them about his move to install shobha as his successor.
the chief minister, who is very keen that his family should not be hostile to his decision on this issue, wants his familys stamp of approval on his future move.
sources in the know of the development further said that fearing that the lokayukta would nail him, yeddyurappa proposed shobhas name when the issue of alternative options was discussed in the bjp state committee meeting held on july 14- 15 at hubli.
however it was strongly opposed by some vokkaliga leaders, including home minister r ashok.
annapurna singh, dh news service, new delhi, may 28 2017, 0:05 istracing against time to meet the july 1 deadline for gst rollout, when finance minister arunjaitley presented the last bit of four enabling gst laws for parliaments approval on march 27, the opposition first desisted from discussion and called it a midnight listing by the government without any prior information.
but arunjaitley emphasised that the bills had to be passed in the budget session itself or else the centre and states would lose their right to collect indirect taxes after september 15.
the opposition was reined in and the bills were passed.
today, the country is almost ready to roll out indias biggest indirect tax reform since independence.
parliament's approval was needed in the budget session itself because only after that the fitment of rates of all commodities and services under the four-tier rate structure, decided earlier, could begin.
the journey in the last two months was full of twists and turns, agreements and disagreements, give and take between the centre and the states.
at every stage, there had to be compromises because the states did not want to lose revenue and the centre was reluctant to dilute its financial powers.
then, there was the issue of bringing states ruled by different political parties to one platform.
first, the centre wanted a four-slab tax structure beginning with the lowest at 6  and the highest at 26  the slabs proposed were 6, 12, 18 and 26 .
food items were exempted to keep inflation in check.
then came the tricky issue of cess.
the centre wanted cess for luxury goods like fancy cars, cigarettes and soft drinks over and above the 26 .
a majority of the states were against the proposal because the spirit of gst, they said, was a cess-less regime and simplification of the tax structure.
cess was also opposed because its entire proceeds was meant to be kept with the centre and not shared with the states.
andhra pradesh finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu went ahead to say the compensation should be handed out from the consolidated fund of india only.
others said they did not mind having a bit higher gst rates but were opposed to cess.
finally, a deal was struck for a higher rate slab of 5 , 12 , 18  and 28  but the centres proposal for cess still remained, in some cases, as high as 15 .
then came fitment of rates.
a special committee was set up for that.
it went into intense negotiations with states on commodities.
it was decided to keep food items at zero rate to keep inflation under check.
other consumer items (like fmcg) were to be kept at a bit higher rate.
no easy taska fresh problem occurred with categorisation of items.
for instance, whether to treat coconut oil as hair oil or edible oil.
kerala and other southern states use coconut oil as edible oil.
in that case, the rate had to be zero.
dabur lal oil, which is used for medicinal purposes so as vicks.
borosoft which is a cosmetic but mostly used as an ointment.
chocolates had to be taxed at a high rate but biscuits were among items of mass consumption and had to be kept zero rated.
but kitkat, a famous nestle brand chocolate, was originally categorised as biscuit.
jaitley once said reaching to a consensus for with ministers of 31 different states, not always from allied parties, was never an easy task.
however, not a single decision in the gst council has been taken without consensus.
the council has so far met 14 times and decided on tax rates of 1,211 goods and services but fitment process is still not complete.
rates of precious items like gold and diamond, textiles, footwear, beedi and agricultural implements are yet to be decided.
the committee of gst officials have had rounds of internal discussion on tax rates of these items before the next council meeting on june 3.
informed sources say there are differences of opinion between states and centre on all these items.
while kerala wants to cap gold rate 5 , most of jewellery manufacturing states like tamil nadu, maharashtra and gujarat want a lower rate.
suggestions have come to levy a cess on gold and beedi.
but gold is sensitive item and a higher tax could lead to more smuggling.
footwear industry too wants a rate on par with apparel under gst.
while vat for footwear across the country averages at about 14 , for apparel it is only 5 .
the council, in its last meeting, finalised a four-slab rate structure for services as well but a major bone of contention  of lottery tickets - is remaining.
the scope of gst has been widened to tax lottery tickets.
jaitley attacks cong for stand on black moneynew delhi, nov 02, 2014, dhns: 1:56 istunion finance minister says party does not want evidence to come outfinance minister arunjaitley on sunday accused the congress of taking a stand for unmasking black money hoarders as it does not want evidence to be forthcoming in support of the names available with the sit, referring to the special investigation team headed by former supreme court judge justice m b shah.
jaitley said though the congress, since the upa days, knows about binding bilateral treaties and a 2010 united states law that mandates adherence to the confidentiality clause for information-sharing, it is still harping on premature release of the list of names.
why should someone with adequate understanding of the subject demand a disclosure in violation of the treaties.
the congress' stand is understandable.
the minister, who had earlier said the congress would be embarrassed if the names came out, had come under attack from political parties as well as from some bjp leaders, who had accused the government of taking a stand akin to the upa on the issue.
suspended bjp rajya sabha member ram jethmalani attacked arunjaitley directly for not doing enough to bring back black money.
in his articleconfidentiality clauses and the battle for tracing black money outside india arunjaitley said the us has legislated the foreign account tax compliance act (fatca) of 2010, which also contains a confidentiality clause.
apart from the direct tax avoidance treaty (dtat) with several countries, which bars premature disclosure of names, arunjaitley wrote that the rbi has already informed the centre about the serious and adverse consequences of non-compliance of fatca by india.
he said, the consequences of not signing the agreement with the us under fatca would be disastrous.
it would negate the efforts being undertaken by our government to revive the indian economy.
fatca mandates the deduction and withholding of tax equal to 30 per cent on a us source payment to recalcitrant fiis or ffis in non-compliant countries.
such withholding will also be imposed by other fatca compliant countries against non-compliant countries.
several countries have already subscribed to fatca.
the minister wondered if the clamour for getting back black money was due to some people being ill-informed or out of bravado.
he was optimistic that the sit would succeed in bringing out the truth while realising the full implications of the subject.
jaitley argued that an unauthorised disclosure is fraught with both investigative and economic consequences.
they can sabotage the investigation.
they can attract sanctions in the form of withholding of taxes.
it is obvious that in a choice between unauthorised disclosure and disclosure as per treaties, the latter is both a fair and beneficial proposition, he wrote.
new delhi, dec 22, 2015,(pti) 19:16 istopposition today claimed that prime minister narendra modi has signalled to finance minister arunjaitley to quit in the wake of ddca row by drawing a parallel with l k advani in the hawala case, a suggestion bjp rejected outright.
today i heard prime minister saying that arunjaitley will come out of this like l k advani in the jain hawala case.
i will remind arunjaitley that advani had then resigned and had not come back till he got clean chit from the supreme court, leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad told reporters.
so the prime minister seems to be telling arunjaitley that he should not continue as finance minister till he gets cleared, he said addressing a joint press conference with party leaders anand sharma and randeep surjewala.
striking a similar note, cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury said by drawing a parallel with advani, the prime minister is giving a hint to arunjaitley that he should resign, get himself cleared and come back.
i read it as a signal to arunjaitley that you also do the same thing, he said talking separately to reporters.
in a strong show of support for arunjaitley , modi today said at bjp parliamentary party meet that he will come through with flying colours against charges of corruption levelled against him by the opposition in a same way advani did in the hawala case.
senior congress leader digvijay singh also tweeted, modi: 'i am sure arunjaitley would come out clean as advaniji did in hawala case'.
but would arunjaitley resign as advaniji did ?
no question!
the bjp was quick to dismiss such claims.
there is no parallel between charges against advani and jaitley.
cbi had registered a case, launched a criminal investigation and advani quit as an mp on moral grounds.
there is no criminal probe against jaitley.
these are allegations levelled by opposition which are unsupported by evidence.
in fact, the serious fraud investigation office probe was carried out into these allegations when congress was in power.
it stated that there was no fraud or cheating.
due to political rivalry, congress is ignoring its government's inquiry.
it has no moral right to level such a charge, bjp secretary shrikant sharma said.
new delhi, jan 4, 2015 (ians) 19:57 istfinance minister arunjaitley sunday came out against criticism of the amendments to the land acquisition act, made through an ordinance, saying they balance the developmental needs of india, particularly rural india and provides enhanced compensation to the land-owners.
in a facebook posting, titled amendments to the land acquisition law - the real picture, he said that the 2013 act had over 50 drafting errors and the provision in the ordinance with regard to rectification of errors will be used to cure most of them.
some are being cured through this ordinance which alters the earlier mandate of the 2013 law that unused land has to be returned five years after the acquisition.
the earlier provision was clearly defective.
creation of smart cities, townships, industrial corridors, business centres, defence projects, cantonments, ports, nuclear installations, building of highways, irrigation projects, dams have a long gestations period.
they cannot be completed in five years.
if the earlier provision is to be effected, we would be a nation of incomplete projects on account of defective legislative drafting, he said.
countering criticism of the acquired land to be also given to developers, he said that the draft provisions of the 2013 act enthusiastically provide that no part of an acquired land could be used for a private educational institution or a hospital.
how will new smart cities and townships come up?
will they only have a civil hospital and a government school/college and no other healthcare and educational institutions will be allowed to be established there?
the ordinance permits hospitals and educational institutions to be established on an acquired land.
that is the purpose of acquisition for townships.
a township without a social infrastructure would be inherently incomplete.
jaitley said the needs of a modern growing and developing india need a balanced approach where development and justice to the land-owner must coexist.
one cannot be done at the cost of the other.
according to him, the amendment ordinance is based on extensive consultations where state government of most political parties supported these changes.
those who are opposed to it can certainly mandate their party's state governments not to use the provisions of the ordinance.
history will judge how these states will lose out in the era of competitive federalism.
on dec 31, the government promulgated an ordinance to amend provisions of the right to fair compensation and transparency in land acquisition, resettlement and rehabilitation act, 2013.
oil minister tells colleagues to give up subsidised lpgnew delhi, jan 11, 2015, dhns: 2:06 istwith finance minister arunjaitley taking the lead in voluntarily giving up the use of subsidised cooking gas (lpg) cylinders, oil minister dharmendra pradhan is calling upon his ministerial colleagues and members of parliament to follow suit.
pradhan surrendered his subsidised lpg connection soon after becoming a minister and has since then been buying gas at market rate.
shortly after arunjaitley gave up his subsidised lpg connection, attorney general mukul rohatgi also voluntarily done the same.
power minister piyush goyal tweeted that he too had given up subsidised lpg.
jaitley had himself made the plea before parliament for people like himself and those well off to give up subsidised cylinders so that the subsidy is limited to the poor.
if more people come forward to join the initiative, the government hopes to cut its subsidy bill, which was rs 46,458 crore in the last fiscal.
i am personally calling up one vip everyday to request them to surrender subsidised lpg.
today, i called up uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav to urge him to do the same, goyal said.
pradhan said he wanted his ministerial colleagues, mps, mlas, senior government officials and executives of public sector companies to give up their subsidies to follow the example set by jaitley.
new delhi, dec 22, 2015 (pti) 21:23 istmounting a fierce attack on prime minister narendra modi, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today demanded his resignation over what he termed was a flop raid by the cbi at the delhi secretariat to protect finance minister arunjaitley in the alleged ddca scam.
calling december 15, when cbi conducted the raid at the office of his principal secretary rajendra kumar, a black day, kejriwal tore into modi and dared him to act against madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, his rajasthan counterpart vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushma swaraj.
kejriwal also defended rajendra kumar against allegations of graft committed in his official capacity under the erstwhile sheila dikshit government.
he's being mentally harassed.
cbi has got nothing against him in the last eight days.
if i can remove my minister and babu for committing corruption, it is also my duty to protect honest officers, he said participating in a discussion in the state assembly on the situation arising out of the raid at the delhi secretariat and alleged corruption in delhi and district cricket association under jaitley's watch.
kumar was seated in the officers' gallery of the assembly during the proceedings.
prime minister should be ashamed of himself over the raids, kejriwal said and went on to take a series of jibes at modi over rs 10 lakh suit and foreign trips.
he is fulfilling his dreams now as earlier he did not get a visa.
delhi is all right whenever he is out of the city.
whenever he's back everything goes haywire, kejriwal said speaking during the one-day special session of the assembly which passed a resolution to constitute a commission of inquiry to probe alleged corruption in ddca.
i seek the prime minister's resignation for conducting such a flop raid and for misusing the cbi.
if he uses the cbi to get any file then the country will have no democracy left.
tomorrow there can be raids on any chief minister.
this is dangerous for the country's federal structure, kejriwal said.
the chief minister, against whom arunjaitley has filed both civil and criminal defamation suits, further alleged that the cbi was specifically looking for a file containing a note with incriminating details.
a ddca whistle blower used to meet me.
he (jaitley) said that he will ensure quashing of cases that come to delhi police and, if aap sets up a commission of inquiry, he will get it null and void through 'our special man' lg.
it was written in that file, kejriwal calimed.
kejriwal claimed the prime minister was still not able to get over the pain of losing the delhi assembly elections.
delhi assembly today passed a motion moved by deputy chief minister manish sisodia against cbi raid at delhi secretariat, condeming the centre for its alleged high handedness and adding it was in violation of the federal structureand the spirit of the constitution.
we are constantly seeking pm's cooperation and for this, i have met two-three times and told him we don't need money, and instead, we want him not to put hurdles to our works.
.
give us delhi for a year and will fulfil your dreams, kejriwal said.
the delhi chief minister termed the cbi raid at his office as dangerous for the country's federal structure.
kejriwal claimed it was within the government's powers to set up a commission of inquiry to probe alleged corruption in the state's cricket body.
we have the right to probe the irrregularities in sports, player slection, stadium construction.
everyone is admitting that there was a scam.
.
.
we have power to set up such commission.
in the past, we set up a commission of inquiry over the transport scam involving former cm and her officials, but mha later declared it null and void as lg was getting implicated in it.
mha has no power to declare our commission of inquiry null and void, he said.
refering to jaitley's lawsuit, kejriwal said he was surprised as to how a lawyer (jaitley) could hurt himself because the union minister will be crossed examine by our lawyers for almost one year.
next pre-summoning evidence on january 5.
we want the court to summon us.
we will go and trial will begin.
his (jaitley) cross examinitauion will strtech for a year.
by filing defamation case, he has hurt himself, kejriwal added.
noted criminal lawyer ram jethmalani will represent delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal in the civil and criminal defamation suits filed against him by jaitley.
jaitley had yesterday filed both civil and criminal defamation cases against kejriwal and five other aap leaders for allegedly defaming him and sought rs 10 crores in damages and their prosecution for offences that entail a punishment of upto two years in jail.
kejriwal's fresh salvo, claims cbi told to target oppositionnew delhi, dec 18, 2015, (pti): 11:07 istthe confrontation between delhi's ruling aap and the centre today intensified with chief minister arvind kejriwal making fresh allegations that cbi has been asked to target the opposition and finish those who don't fall in line.
kejriwal's latest salvo came a day after he demanded that union finance minister arunjaitley be removed from the cabinet for alleged corruption in delhi district cricket association (ddca) which he had headed for 14 years till 2013.
jaitley had rejected the allegations calling it was a propaganda technique of kejriwal to deflect attention when he himself was in the dock.
kejriwal today tweeted, a cbi officer told me yesterday that cbi has been asked to target all opposition parties and finish those who don't fall in line.
the aap chief once again chose the social media route to level the charges.
he had virtually live-tweeted the cbi raid at his principal secretary rajendra kumar's office in the delhi secretariat on tuesday.
last updated: 07 january, 2011bangalore, jan 7, dhns : 23:18 istopposition were only doing their duty, says jd(s) supremothe opposition parties were only doing their duty by disrupting the governors address to the joint house of the state legislature on thursday, jd(s) supremo h d deve gowda has said.
addressing reporters here on friday, he said the opposition did not want the governor to read out the speech prepared by a corrupt government.
there are several instances where governors have not read out their speech.
in 1973, then west bengal governor dharam veer had gone a step ahead and modified the speech, he said.
he criticised chief minister b s yeddyurappa for calling the opposition parties behaviour an assault on democracy, and asked how people should describe the bjps decision to stall parliament for 35 days and indulging in poaching the members of the bellary zilla panchayat.
taking a dig at the bjp central leadership for defending yeddyurappa over his alleged involvement in land scams, he said he had sent all documents pertaining to illegal land deals to the bjp leaders, including l k advani, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley.
besides, governor h r bhardwaj had given a copy of petitions filed by some advocates seeking permission to prosecute the chief minister to arunjaitley during his recent visit to raj bhavan.
still the bjp leaders have chosen to maintain silence, he said.
the bjp leaders are thick-skinned.
it is a heinous act to support a corrupt chief minister.
.
.
.
i have the courage to say this, he said.
the bjp has no moral right to criticise the prime minister on the 2g spectrum scam, he added.
he also said all secular parties in the state, including the jd(s) and the congress, will together fight against the corrupt government.
gowda said the congress and the jd(s) should join hands and take over the reins of 10 hung zilla panchayats in order to keep the saffron party out.
power is not important.
the two secular parties should join hands to keep the bjp out.
i hope the national party (the congress) will make up its mind, he said.
new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns 2:13 istquality education will energise our youth, says jaitleythe government on wednesday proposed to introduce a system of measuring annual learning outcomes in schools with an emphasis on science education and flexibility in curriculum to promote creativity.
presenting the budget in parliament, finance minister arunjaitley also pledged the creation of an innovation fund to be utilised in ensuring universal access, gender parity and improvement in the quality of secondary education.
quality education will energise our youth, he said.
activities to be undertaken with the support of the fund will include information communication technology-enabled learning, transformation with a focus on 3,479 educationally backward blocks.
the national means-cum-merit scholarship scheme, meant for school students, saw an increase in its budgetary allocations by more than 700  for 2017-18 from the last fiscal year, while the national scheme for incentives to girl child for secondary education also witnessed an increase in its budget by a little over 611  compared to last year.
the school education and literacy department of the human resource development (hrd) ministry witnessed an increase in its budgetary allocations merely by 6.
43  for 2017-18.
the finance minister earmarked rs 282 crore for the implementation of the national means-cum-merit scholarship scheme and rs 320 crore for the national scheme for incentives to girl child for secondary education.
the budgetary allocations for the two schemes were pegged at rs 35 crore and rs 45 crore, respectively, in the last financial year.
the hrd ministry saw an increase in its allocations by a little over 10.
08  for 2017-18 compared to last year.
the finance minister earmarked rs 46,356.
25 crore for the school education department and rs 33,329 crore for the higher education department of the ministry for 2017-18.
the budgetary allocations for the two departments were pegged at rs 43,554 crore and rs 28,840 crore in the last fiscal year.
though the amount of funds earmarked for the school education and literacy department remained higher for 2017-18, the higher education department saw an increase in allocations by about 15.
56 .
pm terms budget as 'futuristic'new delhi, feb 1, 2017 (pti) 14:57 istprime minister narendra modi today described the budget as futuristic with an aim on fulfilling the dreams of every section, including the poor, the farmers and the under-privileged while focussing on job creation, transparency, urban rejuvenation and rural development.
he said the budget is a key link between the work done by his government over the last two-and-a-half and the steps that it will be taking in the future as part of its vision to take the country on the path of development.
this is a budget for the future - for farmers, underprivileged, transparency, urban rejuvenation, rural development, enterprise, modi said while commenting on the document presented by finance minister arunjaitley in the lok sabha.
lauding arunjaitley for presenting a good budget, he said it will speed up the development of the country, create new employment opportunities, double farmers' income.
it will bring a big change in the financial condition of the villages, modi said.
it also attempts to raise middle class incomes without any increase in fiscal deficit.
this budget focusses of farmers, agriculture, villages, dalits, oppressed and suppressed, the prime minister said.
this budget is yet again devoted to the well-being of the villages, farmers and the poor, the prime minister said, adding the government's commitment towards taking the country forward is clearly visible.
from railway modernisation to economic reforms, from education to health, from entrepreneurship to industry, the aim at fulfilling the dreams of all is clearly visible in the budget, he said.
he said a record allocation has been made for mnrega as well as women's welfare.
asserting that the budget reflects commitment to eliminate corruption and black money, modi said it provides for a comprehensive package of digital economy which will reduce tax evasion and help control black money.
with regard to the reduction of tax for people with lower incomes, the prime minister said it was a courageous step that will provide relief to the middle class.
he also referred to the provision on political funding, saying it was an important step to clean politics of corruption.
the merger of the railway budget with the general budget will give an impetus to the transport sector's growth, he said.
the housing sector stands to gain immensely from the budget, modi said.
about tax reduction for msme sector, he said it will help small businesses to become competitive in the global market, he said.
aap again seeks jatiley's ouster over ddcanew delhi, dec 20, 2015, (ians) 18:57 istdelhi's ruling aap on sunday again demanded the sacking of finance minister arunjaitley from the government after accusing him of corruption in the city's cricket board.
immediately after bjp mp kirti azad detailed what he said were details of financial wrongdoing in the ddca, the aap asked prime minister narendra modi to dismiss jaitley.
jaitley had headed the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) for years.
he has denied the accusations against him, and called kirti azad a trojan horse.
jaitley is the suresh kalmadi of bjp, aam aadmi party leader ashutosh told the media, referring to the former congress mp who was linked to the alleged corruption in the 2010 commonwealth games.
he (jaitley) should be immediately sacked, ashutosh added.
another aap leader, kumar vishwas, wanted to know if modi would continue to retain arunjaitley in his cabinet even after knowing the details of the alleged corruption charges against him.
vishwas said delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal was the first person in the government who tried to expose the corruption in ddca.
this was the only reason the cbi raided kejriwal's office on december 15 in the name of targeting his principal secretary rajendra kumar, he added.
the cbi wanted to look into the file which contained the report of a three-member committee which - on kejriwal's orders - probed the financial irregularities in the working of ddca.
the central bureau of investigation has denied searching kejriwal's office.
kirti azad has made it clear that arunjaitley is the head of the (ddca) scam.
he should be removed, said sanjay singh, another aap leader.
'bjp's complaint is politically motivated'last updated: 27 january, 2011bangalore, jan 27, dhns 23:26 istjd(s) state president h d kumaraswamy on thursday alleged that the bjp governments counter complaint with the karnataka lokayukta against his family members is to confuse people.
speaking with reporters here on thursday, he said the advocate, who has filed the complaint, has stated that he did so as the jd(s) was trying to destabilise the government.
this clearly indicates that the complaint is politically motivated, he added.
clarifying on the allegations made in the plaint, kumaraswamy said his brother, h d balakrishna gowda, began iron ore export business in 2004-05 through bsk trading company.
he (his brother) was purchasing ore from licensed mine owners and legally exported it.
he did not had a slightest inkling that i would be the chief minister, he added.
kumaraswamy further claimed that janardhana reddy made false allegation against him of receiving rs 150 crore bribe from some mine owners.
the income tax department probed, but could not found any illegality.
let there be a lokayukta inquiry too, he challenged.
criticising the bjp leaders, he said the bjp high command has surrendered itself to chief minister yeddyurappa who is facing corruption charges.
tiranga yatra by the bjp was to divide the country, alleged jd(s) chief h d deve gowda.
where was the need for the yatra?
the bjp leaders l k advani, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley tried to instigate violence in jammu and kashmir by insisting to hoist the national flag at lal chowk, he remarked.
hdk threatens to stage dharnakumaraswamy threatened to stage a dharna in front of the urban development department on friday, if the information he has sought under rti act on the proposed township at bidadi, is not furnished.
i will wait till friday noon and will stage dharna if the information is not provided, he warned.
during the jd(s)-bjp coalition government, the township project was awarded to dlf company.
the company had deposited rs 400 crore for the purpose.
but the bjp government has dropped it and returned the deposit to the company.
information in this regard was sought through rti act about a month ago.
but the department has refused to give any details, he added.
kejriwal continues tirade against centre for cbi misusenew delhi, dec 16, 2015, dhns: 0:35 istthe aam aadmi party (aap) government attacked the centre for the second day on wednesday with chief minister arvind kejriwal and his deputy manish sisodia sticking to their claim that the cbi raid on chief ministers office (cmo) was aimed at saving finance minister arunjaitley in the alleged delhi cricket body scam.
sisodia also dared the centre to a thorough cbi probe and said the aap government was not afraid of the central probe agency as long as it functions independently.
jaitley dismissed the allegations and said claims of a government which was creating hurdles in the fight against corruption cannot be trusted.
supporting independence of cbi, sisodia said documents related to tenure of kejriwal were seized by the cbi during its raid on the secretariat on tuesday.
the cbi denied allegations that the raiding party touched documents in kejriwals office.
it also drilled holes in the aap governments claim that the trap to arrest another senior officer s p singh earlier this week was laid independently and not on a complaint by the aap government, as claimed by the chief minister earlier.
sisodia told newspersons that a file related to a cabinet decision and file movement register related to november-december were seized by the cbi  a fact which exposed jaitleys claim that the raid did not relate to kejriwals tenure but was aimed at his principal secretary and ias officer rajendra kumar.
why did the cbi seize the file movement register of november-december and three files of transport department?
sisodia asked, claiming misuse of cbi by the centre.
the cbi also scrutinised files of delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
they even planned to seize them but did not do so after chief minister raised the issue, sisodia said.
he alleged the probe agency seized documents unrelated to the agency's probe against kumar.
truckers go on strike; govt refuses to scrap tollnew delhi, oct 1, 2015, (pti) 18:21 istdisrupting movement of goods in various parts of the country, apex transporters body aimtc today went on an indefinite strike with the government refusing to scrap the existing toll system.
while supply of essential commodities like milk, vegetables and medicines have been kept out of the purview of the strike, its impact was seen in rajasthan, tamil nadu, punjab, haryana and chandigarh among other places.
while appealing to the all india motor transport congress (aimtc) to call off the strike, road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari said the toll system can't be scrapped.
it is up to them to continue their strike.
government cannot scrap toll.
we have already assured to implement electronic tolling system pan-india by december.
i appeal them to call off the strike, gadkari told pti.
aimtc claims to have 87 lakh trucks and 20 lakh buses and tempos across the country under its fold.
another truckers body all india transport welfare association (aitwa) has decided to keep away from the strike.
aimtc is demanding scrapping of the existing toll system, saying it is a tool of harassment, while it is seeking a one-time payment of taxes and simplification of tds procedure.
gadkari said government is committed to delivering good highways to transporters and is serious that they do not have to wait at toll plazas.
aimtc president bhim wadhwa said electronic toll system suggested by the minister is not a solution as e-tolling project of the government is a failed concept.
.
.
even their pilot project has failed.
the partnering banks like icici and axis bank too have distanced themselves from the project.
our indefinite strike is successful as per reports coming from all parts of the country, he said.
wadhwa said one of their demands is to bring tds provisions on transport trade in pre-finance act 2015, and finance minister arunjaitley has assured them to call a meeting with chairman, cbdt on this.
the strike has caused about rs 1,500 crore losses to truckers and over rs 10,000 crore loss to government on the first day, wadhwa said.
aimtc leader charan singh lohara said: we have stopped new bookings and delivery of goods as the truckers numbering around two lakh in the region comprising punjab, haryana and chandigarh have joined the strike today.
the finance minister said the aim of the gst council is to decide everything relating to the tax structure with consensus and this is for the first time that such an arrangement has been made, based on the principle of shared sovereignty of both the centre and the state governments.
these are revolutionary bills which will benefit all.
.
.
.
states have pooled in their sovereignty into the gst council, and centre has done the same, he said.
prime minister narendra modi and several senior members of the union cabinet were present in the house when the four bills were taken up for consideration and passage.
the bills are the central goods and services tax bill, 2017, the integrated goods and services tax bill, 2017, the goods and services tax (compensation to states) bill, 2017 and the union territory goods and services tax bill, 2017.
explaining the bills, he said the central gst or cgst will give powers to the centre to levy tax after levies of excise, service tax and additional customs duty is subsumed.
the integrated gst or igst will be a tax to be levied by the centre on inter-state movement of goods and services.
the states will pass the state gst or sgst law that will allow them to levy sales tax after levies like vat are subsumed.
besides, gst compensation law allows for imposition of cess on certain luxury goods like tobacco, high-end cars and aereated drinks to create a corpus for compensating states for any loss of revenue in the first five years of gst roll out.
the fourth law introduced is on union territory gst or utgst for uts like chandigarh and daman and diu which do not have assemblies.
jaitley said all decisions on gst would be taken by the gst council, reflecting the federal structure.
rahul gandhi backs aamir khan, says bullying won't solve the problemnov 24, 2015, agencies: 13:56 istcongress vice-president rahul gandhi today backed aamir khan by tweeting that the government should not bully or threaten people who question it.
in a series of tweets, rahul questioned the policies of the government and asked it to reach out to the people.
instead of branding all those who question the govt & modiji- as unpatriotic, anti national or 'motivated', the govt would do better to reach out to people to understand what's disturbing them, rahul tweeted.
aamir made the debatable remarks on growing intolerance in the country at the ramnath goenka excellence in journalism awards ceremony in the presence of union minister arun jaitley.
the process of economic reforms is a continuing one, no reform legislation is stopped in parliament in past though delay may occur .
.
.
make efforts with opposition to get gst passed by upper house in coming parliament session, he said at uae india economic forum 2015 meeting here.
the goods and services tax (gst), which will subsume more than a dozen state levies to create a single market, is to be implemented from april 1, 2016.
but the deadline may be missed if parliament does not pass the constitution amendment bill in the upcoming winter session beginning november 26.
the bill has been passed in the lok sabha, it is awaiting clearance from the rajya sabha where the ruling nda lacks a majority.
the main opposition party congress has been opposing the passage demanding inclusion of few things in the bill.
the finance minister expressed hope that main opposition party would take a rational view and support gst, a step for rationalisation of indirect taxes.
with regard to growth arunjaitley said, slowdown in china has impact on india but fall in prices of commodities have been favourable to india.
despite monsoon shortage we would be able to meet the challenge of growth.
.
.
we would be able to grow better than last year despite global slowdown, he said.
indian economy grew by 7.
3 per cent during 2014-15.
talking about various steps taken by the government with regard to ease of doing business, he said tax reforms have been expedited including no retrospective taxation; rationalisation of taxes etc.
besides, the government has taken steps to rationalise subsidies.
the process of economic reforms would continue despite some bottlenecks being created by certain quarter, he added.
new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns 2:28 istairlines operating udan flights to connect regional towns have something to cheer with finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday announcing that service tax will not be deducted from the viability gap funding (vgf) given to them.
at present, 14  service tax is levied on such transactions.
the first flight under udan or regional connectivity scheme (rcs) is likely to take to the skies later this month.
the vgf is being given to airlines as an incentive to operate cheap flights to tier-ii and tier-iii towns to enable more people to fly.
as per budget documents, air india will get rs 1,800 crore as equity infusion in the next fiscal, besides another rs 2,308 crore as government investment in public enterprises.
air india had asked for rs 2,844 crore as equity from the government for the fiscal year starting april 2017.
for 2016-17, air india was allocated rs 1,713 crore against a demand of rs 3,911 crore.
altogether, the civil aviation ministry was allocated rs 2,702 crore for the next financial year, though in 2016-17 it has already shown an expenditure of rs 3,452.
33 crore.
while the directorate general of civil aviation will get rs 214.
50 crore, up from rs 156.
72 crore, the bureau of civil aviation will get rs 86 crore, an increase from rs 80.
43 crore.
airports authority of india (aai) will get rs 100 crore.
pm selects fearless critic as ceashekhar iyer, oct 18, 2014, dhns: new delhi: 0:39 istprime minister narendra modi selected us-based economist arvind subramanian as chief economic adviser (cea) despite knowing that he had criticised the governments first budget as well as its decision to derail wto pact on trade facilitation for protecting food subsidies.
at least, i will get to hear frank and fearless opinion from him, modi said as he asked his aides to get subramanians consent for the appointment.
though some officials informed modi that subramanian has been drawing hasty conclusions about his governments approach to the economy, the prime minister brushed aside their objection.
modi went with the view that subramanian would be a good choice for the post given his command over macroeconomic issues.
he found that there are not many good macroeconomists around and in the post-1991 open economy era, you need a macroeconomist like him as the cea.
subramanian had criticised the modi government recently for its decision to derail a wto deal struck last year to streamline trade procedures.
he also criticised finance minister arunjaitley maiden budget in july for being too optimistic in its revenue forecasts, saying it had failed to come clear on its fiscal accounting and that it lacked timelines for passing crucial tax and subsidy reforms.
just before the lok sabha polls, subramanian, a senior fellow at the peterson institute for international economics, wrote: a prime minister modi will expose a paradoxical tension between his mandate and mission.
his electoral appeal is based on his ability to wield power, ruthlessly if necessary.
his success in governing the economy will depend on coming to grips with, and making the best of, highly circumscribed power.
just before the wto deal collapsed due to indias stand that food security issues be addressed first, subramanian wrote in a newspaper: indeed, if india succeeds in its opposition, and the bali deal collapses, the blow to an already weak wto would be significant and india would bear much of the blame.
and the costs of a weak multilateral trade system are greater for countries such as india, which is excluded from the emerging asian trade architecture underpinned by the united states-led trans-pacific partnership.
aides said modi thought that subramanian as the next cea would send across the message that his government is firm on fixing the economy by hiring the best talent around.
government mum on how to finance oropkalyan ray, new delhi, sep 06, 2015, dhns: 0:57 istthe governments announcement on the one rank one pension (orop) on saturday does not provide clear answers on as to how it will fund the scheme.
defence minister manohar parrikar said past calculations by the upa governments finance minister p chidambaram who allocated rs 500 crore for orop in 2014 and bhagat singh koshiyari committee that estimated an additional burden of rs 235 crore, were inaccurate.
the actual expense is much more  in the range of rs 8000 crore to rs 10,000 crore every year to start with gradual increase in future years.
in addition, there is a burden of rs 10,000 crore to rs 12,000 crore on the arrears.
despite the huge fiscal burden, given its commitment to the welfare of ex-servicemen, the government has taken a decision to implement the orop, parrikar said.
what is left unstated is how the government would source the resources and whether it would lead to any budget cut.
the government is already facing financial stress.
last year, the narendra modi government came under fire from several quarters for slashing the budget of many government departments including health, education and defence.
the government order, when it comes out, can provide a clue on if there is any hidden clause to open up new time buying windows for the government.
as the devil always lie in the details, the ex-servicemen community too wait eagerly for the order to understand how their grievances were addressed.
the government order from the defence ministry, parrikar said, would be issued soon.
orop implies uniform pension be paid to the armed forces personnel retiring in the same rank with the same length of service, regardless of their date of retirement.
future enhancements in the rates of pension would automatically passed on to the past pensioners.
this implies bridging the gap between the rate of pension of current and past pensioners at periodic intervals.
under this definition, it has been decided that the gap between the rate of pension of current pensioners and past pensioners will be bridged every five years, said parrikar.
this was a major point of contention with the ex-servicemen, who first wanted annual revision, but later conceded to accept revision in every two years.
by the orop definition, revision should be done every year, which finance minister arunjaitley ruled out because of administrative difficulties.
as the officials tried to resolve the thorny issue, the clincher was the presentation from the army, air force and navy before the rajya sabha committee on petitions in 2011.
the services pointed out that it was administratively impossible to have pension revision every year and a more practical approach would be to equalise the pension in every 5 or 10 years.
one rank, one pension plan still being worked outnew delhi, may 22, 2015, dhns: 1:33 istthe issue over one-rank-one-pension (orop) scheme may not be resolved in the near future as finance minister arunjaitley on friday said the methodology of calculation was still being worked out in consultation with the defence ministry.
about a month ago, defence minister manohar parrikar hinted at the orop announcement at the first anniversary of the nda government at a public rally.
he had also acknowledged the complexities involved since the decision will have to be in accordance with two rulings from the armed forces tribunal and supreme court.
nearly 25 lakh families would be benefited by orop scheme.
when in the opposition, the bjp supported its implementation to the hilt, but the congress-led upa government cited financial constraints in realising the scheme.
as the nda claims the methodology for orop calculation was underthe works, congress vice-president rahul gandhi is set to meet the ex-servicemen on saturday to discuss the contentious issue.
for a long time, defence forces and ex-servicemen associations have demanded that uniform pension should be paid to the military personnel retiring in the same rank with the same length of service irrespective of their date of retirement and any future enhancement in the rates of pension be automatically passed on to the past pensioners.
new delhi: dec 22, 2015, dhns 1:57 istcalling a special session of the assembly on tuesday to discuss the delhi & district cricket association (ddca) scam, chief minister arvind kejriwal said he was not scared of defamation cases filed by union finance minister arunjaitley against him.
the recent central bureau of investigation (cbi) raid on the delhi secretariat will be discussed by legislators during the one-day session.
defamation casethe decision to call a sitting of the assembly came hours before arunjaitley filed both criminal and civil defamation cases at patiala house district courts here seeking rs 10 crore damages from kejriwal.
the aam aadmi party leader responded with an angry tweet: arunjaitley should not try to scare us by filing cases.
our fight against corruption will continue.
he also tweeted on his cabinets decision to set up a one-man commission of inquiry, headed by former solicitor general gopal subramaniam, to probe the irregularities in the ddca.
kejriwal also suggested that arunjaitley should cooperate with the commission of enquiry and prove his innocence there.
deputy chief minister manish sisodia said issues related to the terms of reference of the commission of inquiry would be decided by the legislators.
all aspects related to the issue will be discussed in the session, sisodia said, confirming that it will be a one-man commission.
meanwhile, youth congress worker protested outside kejriwals residence and questioned the urgency for calling a session on the ddca issue.
open to considering suggestions in farmers interest: govtnew delhi, feb 26, 2015 (pti): 22:07 istwith yet another ally apna dal today expressing reservations over the new land bill, government said it was open to considering suggestions in farmers interest but accused congress and other parties of attempting to project industry and infrastructure in bad light that would harm the country.
finance minister arunjaitley led the government charge targeting mainly congress over its campaign on the new bill, saying the need to create industry and infrastructure has become the biggest offence now.
he also said the entire discourse on the bill that will replace the ordinance was misguided and must come to an end.
the issue is whether we want this country to grow or not?
or we want all investments to be diverted to other countries, he said intervening in a discussion on the motion of thanks to president's address in the rajya sabha.
i appeal to all of you with folded hands, especially to the congress party.
the need to create industry and infrastructure has become the biggest offence now.
don't create an atmosphere in this country where two words infrastructure and industry become bad words.
and this is what you are doing, he said.
jaitley, who was interrupted by congress leaders anand sharma and jairam ramesh, said the debate was not between rich and poor and farmer and non-farmer.
this is between adding to the poverty of india and making india poor for the next two decades, he said.
are we reaching a stage where industry becomes a bad word?
he said while talking of the ease of doing business in the country.
he pointed out that you cannot espect a foreign investor to come and invest and set up industry and provide jobs but has to first get consent of 70 per cent of farmers whose land is taken and then the government would.
on the other hand, there is a state where government continues to hold land.
jaitley termed upa government's land law as a defective piece of legislation and said though congress-led government had put defence and security as urgent matters, it had forgotten to put such projects in the exempted list.
this, he said, would have revealed the kind of defence or security projects being put up, where are they being put up and why.
meanwhile, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said there is no question of going back on any of the ordinances including on land acquisition but it will be open to suggestions when the bills are taken up after the budget and accused congress of adopting double standards on the issue.
naidu said that government is open for meaningful suggestions but stressed as far as the main purpose of the bill is concerned, government intends to go ahead with the bill (to replace land ordinance).
and i can also tell you one thing.
we are in talk with all our friends, allies and supporting parties and we are confident all of them will be on board.
there will not be any problems whatsoever.
certain apprehensions have been created.
those apprehensions are being addressed and we have already made it clear that well-meaning suggestions if any, they will be taken into consideration when we take up the bill in parliament, he said.
after major allies shiv sena, akali dal and ljp, it was the turn of another ally apna dal to raise concerns of farmers over the bill.
apna dal leader anupriya patel, speaking in lok sabha, wanted the government to have a rethink on the land acquisition bill, saying it might hurt the interest of poor farmers and those dependent on livelihood on land.
not ruling out rationalisation of gst rates: revenue secretarypress trust of india, bengaluru, may 30 2017, 18:43 istadhia also said the gst may push india's gdp up by more than 4 per cent because of the simplicity and predictability of the new indirect tax regime, which will encourage people to be tax compliant.
photo credit: pti.
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia today did not rule out the scope for rationalisation of tax rates fixed on various goods and services under the gst regime to be implemented from july one.
one thing we would agree is that there is a scope for rationalisation of tax rates on various goods and services, he said here in an interaction with the industry on gst.
even the central board of excise and customs chairperson vanaja sarna had yesterday said the gst council could revise rates if there is any justification for reconsideration.
various industries and businesses, including traders, fmcg and automobiles had been petitioning the central government for revising rates.
on concerns by representatives of food processing sector, adhia said a decision on the rates offoodgrains, especially wheat and rice, would be taken at the june 3 meeting.
it was already mentioned by (finance minister arun) mr arunjaitley that this is one issue which is still pending before the gst council, and it will take a decision.
we understand the food processing industry needs to be encouraged, he said.
he also argued that if these items were kept in the exempted category, the food processing industry will be losing.
he said the council will take a view on the definition of branding.
on concerns raised by representatives of financial services sector, adhia said dismissed the fear of loans getting costlier due to implementation of gst.
there have been some concerns raised in the financial service sector that loans and all of these will become costlier, no way (it is going to be so), he said.
all people in financial services will know, we are not charging service taxes in deposits as well as loans, but taxes on other services.
loans are not going to become costlier.
that is a misplaced fear, because of lack of understanding, he added.
adhia also said the gst may push india's gdp up by more than 4 per cent because of the simplicity and predictability of the new indirect tax regime, which will encourage people to be tax compliant.
economists have argued that india's gdp may go up by more than 4 per cent because of gst - that is the kind of potential it has, he said.
why will the gdp go up?
it is because businesses require simplicity, predictability of tax regime.
these are the things which are going to be fulfilled by gst, he added.
adhia said the new indirect tax regime will create problems but one should find solutions, instead of not allowing it to happen.
btc hope for gst reliefbengaluru, dh news service, may 9 2017, 0:44 istnew tax regime will hit the sport hard, say officialswith the tax of 18 per cent proposed on horse racing under the new goods and services tax (gst) regime threatening to hit the sport, the bangalore turf club (btc) officials will be keen to convince the gst council to offer it a favourable deal in a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
btcs ceo nirmal prasad and arvind jadhav, former chief secretary and a club member, will represent the club in the meeting.
btc, which pays a betting tax of nine per cent, will be the second-most affected in the country if the tax reform is implemented.
the mysore race club, currently playing four per cent, will be the worst hit.
btc is keen that horse racing is not included in the gst.
gst will have a pan-india implementation.
how can you bring gst on horse racing which is existent only in six states  karnataka, maharashtra, west bengal, telangana, delhi and tamil nadu?
we are going to request the council to keep the sport out of gst at the meeting, said ajit saldanha, a steward.
btc, popular for functioning in the totalisator system, has a turnover of around rs 2000 crore.
a rise in the tax percentage could result in lowering of the dividends on betting.
the gst is applied on the total turnover and we fear we may have to shut shop.
including the entertainment tax, the btc pays a total of 11 per cent to the government.
if there is a huge increase, then we are in danger of being swallowed completely.
we will be thus seeking a 12 per cent tax on the income earned which will help us operate better, said saldanha.
the inter-venue betting is also set to be hit as the clubs would be forced to pay less royalty to each other due to financial crunch.
racing is not just about punters alone.
it involves many aspects and inter-venue better is one among them.
the racing industry involves lakhs of people and the spin-off is going to be big.
we want the council to take a holistic view at the meeting, he said.
finance minister arunjaitley , who is the chief of the gst council, had earlier met the club members regarding the issue.
we had earlier met arunjaitley , the chairman of gst council.
we have given him a 14-point letter pointing to the problems.
let us hope for the best, added saldanha.
modi calls for cooperation from statesnew delhi, feb 08, 2015, dhns: 0:21 istpm urges centre, states to work as members of 'team india'prime minister narendra modi on sunday asked the centre and states to shed their differences and work as team india for the countrys development.
he also said india's biggest challenge was eliminating poverty, which can happen only through high economic growth.
the world has started looking at india differently, but our biggest challenge still is how to eliminate poverty.
jobs cannot be created, and poverty cannot be removed, without growth.
therefore, we should first and foremost aim at a high rate of growth, said modi, chairing the first meeting of the governing council of the niti aayog.
the council consists of chief ministers of states and lieutenant governors of union territories.
the prime minister asked states to set up two task forces  one each on poverty alleviation and increasing agricultural production.
keen to hasten the pace of investment in the country, the prime minister also asked chief ministers to give personal attention to factors that delay development projects, and solve them.
modi said the projects were often held up for want of timely decisions that prevented people from benefiting from them.
the prime minister also suggested that an officer be identified in state governments to monitor and ensure smooth resolution of pending issues so as to expedite project implementation.
modi urged all chief ministers to focus on the cycle of investment, growth, job creation and prosperity, and promised to empower states with finances and technological know-how.
mamata skips meetwest bengal chief minister mamata banerjee skipped the meet, but bihar chief minister jitan ram manjhi, who is facing political turmoil back home, was in attendance.
states like tamil nadu and uttar pradesh demanded more funds, while kerala sought greater flexibility in central allocations.
reflecting on the role of the niti aayog as a think-tank, the prime minister said he saw great scope for states to learn from each other, and work together among themselves as well as with the centre.
he said best practices can be shared among states, and a portal created through which state functionaries share their experiences.
the interaction was coordinated by finance minister arunjaitley , and the opening remarks were made by niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariya.
press trust of india, new delhi, apr 19 2017, 19:44 istprime minister narendra modi today held a meeting with senior ministerial colleagues here, hours after the supreme court ordered restoring of criminal conspiracy charge against top bjp leaders l k advani, m m joshi and uma bharti in the babri masjid demolition case.
finance minister arunjaitley , home minister rajnath singh, transport minister nitin gadkari and information and broadcasting minister venkaiah naidu were among those who attended the meeting, sources said.
the political situation in the country was understood to have been discussed at the meeting, the sources said but did not specify the issues.
the meeting took place hours after the apex court allowed the cbi plea to restore the criminal conspiracy charge against advani, joshi and bharti in the 1992 babri demolition case.
the top court also clubbed the trial in the matter pending against the leaders and 'karsevaks' and ordered day- to-day trial with the proceedings to be completed in two years.
we have allowed the cbi appeal against the allahabad high court judgement with certain directions, a bench comprising justices p c ghose and r f nariman said.
after the ruling, opposition demanded bharti's resignation from the cabinet but she refused to step down.
jaitley also virtually ruled out bharti's resignation and described as hypothetical the possibility of the sc ruling having any bearing in selection of candidates for presidential and vice presidential polls.
this case is going on since 1993.
somehow it is going on and no new situation has arisen.
he was asked whether the ruling would mean resignation of bharti, the minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, from the union cabinet and kalyan singh as rajasthan governor.
asked whether singh and bharti should resign following the charge sheet in the case, arunjaitley shot back, saying if that is the criteria then some of the current congress chief ministers will have to quit.
there have been ministers, there have been deputy prime ministers.
.
.
if charge sheet is the rule (to resign), then just calculate, how many congress chief ministers will (have to go), he said.
when asked whether today's apex court ruling will impact selection of candidates for the posts of president and vice president, arunjaitley merely said it is hypothetical.
while the term of president pranab mukherjee is coming to an end on july 24, the term of vice president hamid ansari ends on august 10.
there has been speculation that advani and joshi, both bjp veterans, could be considered as possible candidates for the two top constitutional posts.
but there has been no official word so far from the ruling nda in this regard.
new delhi, feb 28, 2015, pti: 17:59 istreferring to unclaimed deposits of about rs 3,000 crores in the ppf and rs 6,000 crores in the epf corpus, arunjaitley said the amounts will be appropriated to a corpus, which will be used to subsidise the premiums on social security schemes for senior citizens.
underlining the need to raise public investment in infrastructure, he proposed increased outlays on roads and the gross budgetary support to the railways, by rs 14,031 crore and rs 10,050 crore respectively.
state-owned firms will spend rs 80,844 crore more in 2015-16 at rs 3,17,889 crore.
he also proposed to establish national investment and infrastructure fund (niif) with an annual flow of rs 20,000 crore.
jaitley said he intends to permit tax free infrastructure bonds for the projects in the rail, road and irrigation sector and announced that the ppp mode of infrastructure development will be revisited and revitalized.
to provide power to all, government proposes to set up five new ultra mega power projects each of 4000 mws in the plug-and-play mode.
to promote investment in the country, the minister proposed to set up a public debt management agency (pdma) which will bring both india's external borrowings and domestic debt under one roof.
he also proposed to merge the forwards markets commission with sebi to strengthen regulation of commodity forward markets and reduce wild speculation.
jaitley announced minting of indian gold coin, which will carry the ashoka chakra on its face.
in order to catalyze investments from the private sector in south east asia, a project development company will set up manufacturing hubs in cambodia, myanmar, laos and vietnam.
to curb domestic black money, a new and more comprehensive benami transactions (prohibition) bill will be introduced in the current session of the parliament.
this law will enable confiscation of benami property and provide for prosecution, thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of benami property, especially in real estate.
quoting of pan is being made mandatory for any purchase or sale exceeding the value of rs one lakh.
finance minister said basic custom duty on certain inputs, raw materials, intermediates and components in 22 items is proposed to be reduced to minimize the impact of duty evasion.
all goods except populated printed circuit boards for use in manufacture of ita bound items are proposed to be exempted from sad.
subject to actual user condition, sad will be reduced on import of certain other imports and raw materials.
the two per cent additional surcharge on super-rich will give rs 9,000 crore against a tax sacrifice of rs 1,008 crore from abolition of wealth tax.
to eliminate the scope for discretionary exercise of power and provide a hassle-free structure to the tax payers, arunjaitley proposed to increase the threshold limit from rs 5 crore to rs 20 crore.
in order to rationalise the mat provisions for fiis, profits corresponding to their income from capital gains on transactions in securities which are liable to tax at a lower rate, shall not be subject to mat, he said.
education cess and the secondary and higher education cess is proposed to be subsumed in central excise duty.
the general rate of central excise duty of 12.
36 per cent including the cesses will be rounded off to 12.
5 per cent.
the ad-valorem rates of excise duty lower than 12 per cent and those higher than 12 per cent with a few exceptions are not proposed to be increased.
excise duty on footwears with leather uppers and having retail price of more than rs 1,000 per pair is proposed to be reduced to 6 per cent.
service tax plus education cess is proposed to be increased from 12.
36 per cent to 14 per cent to facilitate transaction to gst.
in the first full-year budget of the nda government that shunned populism, he proposed no changes in personal and corporate income-tax rates for 2015-16 but extended benefits to middle-class by increasing the limit of deduction on health insurance premium from rs 15,000 to rs 20,000.
for senior citizens, it will go up from rs 20,000 to rs 30,000 and for those above 80 years, not covered by health insurance, deduction of rs 30,000 towards expenditure on medical treatment will be allowed.
combining these incentives with others including an enhanced deduction of rs 1.
5 lakh on account of contribution to pension fund as against rs 1 lakh now, the relief of tax deductions under various sections, including 80c and 80ccd, go up to rs 4.
42 lakh.
the transport allowance exemption has been doubled to rs 1,600.
with the levy of 2 per cent additional surcharge, the total surcharge on 'super-rich' individuals with an income of over rs 1 crore, becomes 12 per cent as against 10 per cent now.
in the case of domestic companies having income between rs 1 crore and rs 10 crore, it will be 7 per cent and 12 per cent for firms with income above rs 10 crore.
stashing blackmoney abroad will be made a non- compoundable offense, providing for a penalty of 300 per cent of tax on concealed income and assets.
the concealed assets and income will be taxable at the maximum marginal rate and no deduction and exemptions will be allowed.
it will be made a predicate offence.
the budget also provided for increased funding of rs 70,000 crore for infrastructure as also higher allocation for social sector schemes like mnrega.
it decided to re-issue tax-free infra bonds and announced introduction of a sovereign gold bond as an alternative to purchasing metal gold.
the bond will carry a fixed rate of interest and will be redeemable in cash on the face value of gold.
the social sector spending for poor and disadvantaged have been kept at allocation of rs 68,968 crore to education sector, rs 33,152 crore for health, rs 77,526 crore for rural development including mnrega, and rs 22,407 crore for housing and urban development.
defence expenditure has been pegged at rs 2,22,370 crore for 2015-16, up by 11 per cent over rs 2,46,727 crore in the current fiscal.
the budget estimates for 2015-16 pegs the non-plan expenditure at rs 13,12,200 crore and plan spending at rs 4,65,277 crore.
total expenditure has been estimated at rs 17,77,477 crore.
gross tax receipts are estimated to be rs 14,49,490 crore.
devolution to states will be rs 5,23,958 crore and states will get rs 9,19,842 crore.
non tax revenues are estimated at rs 2,21,733 crore.
the fiscal deficit has been pegged at 3.
9 per cent of the gdp in 2015-16 against 4.
1 per cent in current fiscal while the revenue deficit has been put at 2.
8 per cent of gdp.
the finance minister announced plans to bring fiscal deficit down to 3 per cent over the next two years.
in indirect taxes, the budget reduced basic customs duty on raw materials, excise duty on leather footwear while excise duty on cigarettes is being increased by 25 per cent on cigarettes exceeding 65 mm length and by 15 per cent for cigarettes of other length.
excise duty on variety of electronics and hardware goods has been reduced.
this includes wafers of manufacture of ic for smart cards, mobile phones and inputs for use of led drivers and led lights.
100 per cent deduction, other than csr contributions, has been allowed for donations to swachh bharat and clean ganga funds.
while the direct tax proposals will involve a revenue outgo of rs 8,315 crore, the indirect tax proposals are expected to yield rs 23,383 crore.
the net impact of all tax proposals would be a revenue gain of rs 15,068 crore.
the education cess of 2 per cent and 1 per cent higher education cess is proposed to be continued in the next year for all tax payers.
jaitley said the indian economy has turned around dramatically in the last nine months with the real gdp growth expected to accelerate to 7.
4 per cent, making india the fastest growing large economy in the world.
growth next fiscal will be between 8 to 8.
5 per cent and aiming for a double-digit rate seems feasible very soon.
he said macro-economic stability has been restored and conditions created for sustainable poverty elimination, job creation and durable double-digit economic growth.
india, he said, has now embarked on two game changing reforms -- gst and the jam trinity - jan dhan, aadhar and mobile - to implement direct transfer of benefits.
gst will put in place a state-of-the art indirect tax system by april 1, 2016 while the jam trinity will allow transfer benefits in a leakage-proof, well-targetted and cashless manner.
jaitley said a monetary policy framework agreement has been concluded with rbi to keep inflation below 6 per cent.
the finance minister counted five major challenges faced by the indian economy which are agricultural income under stress, weak private sector investment in infrastructure, decline in manufacturing, resource crunch in view of higher devolution in taxes to states and maintaining fiscal discipline.
assuring that the challenging fiscal deficit target of 4.
1 per cent of gdp this fiscal will be met, he said the government was firm to reach fiscal deficit target of 3 per cent of gdp, which will be achieved in three years rather than two years.
jaitley emphasized on the need to cut subsidy leakages.
to achieve it, the government is committed to the process of rationalizing subsidies.
he said the direct transfer of benefits, started mostly in scholarship schemes, will be further expanded with a view to increasing the number of beneficiaries from the present one crore to 10.
3 crore.
an allocation of rs 5,300 crore to support micro- irrigation, watershed development and the pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana has been made in the budget.
in order to support the agriculture sector with the help of effective agriculture credit with a focus on small and marginal farmers, the finance minister proposed to allocate rs 25,000 crore to the corpus of rural infrastructure development fund (ridf) set up in nabard, rs 15,000 crore for long term rural credit fund; rs 45,000 crore for short term cooperative rural credit refinance fund and rs 15,000 crore for short term rrb refinance fund.
he said the government has set up an ambitious target of rs 8.
5 lakh crore of agricultural credit and proposes to create a micro units development refinance agency (mudra) bank, with a corpus of rs 20,000 crore, and credit guarantee corpus of rs 3,000 crore, which will refinance micro-finance institutions through a pradhan mantri mudra yojana.
announcing new insurance schemes, he said pradhan mantri suraksha bima yojana will cover accidental death risk of rs 2 lakh for a premium of just rs 12 per year and the atal pension yojana will provide a defined pension, depending on the contribution.
the pradhan mantri jeevan jyoti bima yojana will cover both natural and accidental death risk of rs 2 lakh on a premium of rs 330 per year for the age group 18-50.
jaitley slams mamata over saradha, burdwan blast; trinamool hits backnew delhi/kolkata, nov 23, 2014, (ians) 11:27 istunion finance minister arunjaitley sunday attacked at west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee for her reactions to arrest of her trinamool congress's leaders in the saradha chit fund scam and on her statements in the burdwan blast case.
the trinamool hit back, seeking to know the source of bjp's massive funds spent during the elections.
west bengal's ruling party also dubbed national security advisor ajit doval a known rss sympathizer and reiterated the oct 2 burdwan blast was a devious bjp master game plan.
in an article posted on bharatiya janata party's (bjp) website, arunjaitley wrote: i was deeply disappointed with mamata didi's reaction to the interrogation and arrest of some of tmc leaders in the sharada hit fund scam.
some individuals connected with the tmc have been involved in making easy money from the ponzi schemes it was incumbent on any responsible leader to purge the party of such leaders.
it is regrettable that mamata didi instead of doing that has chosen to identify herself with the cause of these leaders, he said.
the senior bjp leader also raised questions about banerjee's intentions for terming the burdwan blasts as stage-managed.
the national intelligence agency (nia) has arrested several people who have engineered the blast.
they are enemies of the state.
the west bengal police or other intelligence agencies have no substantive material to establish that the blast was stage-managed.
if there is no such material, why has didi (banerjee) chosen to allege that the blast was stage managed, he asked.
such allegations clearly help the actual culprits.
this is neither responsible nor nationalistic, he said.
the trinamool hit back seeking to know the source of bjp's massive funds spent during the elections.
let me ask the bjp leadership a few straight questions.
where did the bjp raise their billions of dollars to spend in the lok sabha elections?
how much money was spent on maharashtra and haryana elections?
where is the party getting its massive funding to continue the lavish spending in jammu and kashmir and jharkhand?
why don't they provide transparent accounts for this unprecedented splurge?
if the nation gets to know how much black money the bjp has spent this year on elections, the party will get black-listed, said trinamool rajya sabha chief whip derek o'brien in a statement posted on the party'strinamool's official website.
he made three charge against the bjp-led central government: this is all part of a devious bjp master game plan; the current pm used this narrative throughout his election campaign in bengal.
this wasn't a mere coincidence.
it was a plan; the nsa is a known rss sympathizer.
these devious plans are all conceived, drafted and approved at rss head quarters.
meanwhile, the finance minister further praised the efforts of prime minister narendra modi for the successful foreign visits, especially the g20 summit that have contributed in enhancing india's image.
new delhi, jan 15, 2016, (pti) 13:29 istthe delhi high court today sought response from chief minister arvind kejriwal and suspended bjp mp kirti azad in a civil defamation suit filed by ddca for their alleged remarks against the cricket body regarding its functioning and finances.
joint registrar anil kumar sisodia, after perusing the suit filed by delhi and district cricket association (ddca), held that the petition is maintainable, so the defendants (kejriwal and azad) need to clear their stand.
the registrar said that the defendants will file their response before march 2.
the court's order came on the plea by ddca that kejriwal with prior motive, has recently indulged in certain false, shocking, scandalous, defamatory, baseless, slanderous, malicious, disgraceful and outrageous statements which are defamatory against them.
advocate sangram patnaik, appearing for ddca, said that kirti azad has also indulged in making such statements, which were made solely with an agenda to defame and cause harm to the plaintiff (ddca), for self-serving and motivated reasons.
he said that the allegations against ddca regarding financial irregularities and corruption in selections at the junior level were maligning the image of the cricket body.
consequently, even the conservatively, ddca has suffered a loss of more than rs 500 crore.
however, ddca is choosing to file the present suit for the damages arising out of the said defamation by the defendants, in the sum of rs five crore (rs 2.
5 crore each).
in addition to this, a public apology is also demanded by ddca from kejriwal and azad, the complaint said.
kejriwal and five others of his party have already been dragged to the high court by finance minister arunjaitley for issuing allegedly false and defamatory statements against him and his family members.
jaitley has sought damages of rs 10 crore from them.
apart from this, the six aam aadmi party (aap) leaders are also facing a criminal defamation case filed against them in the trial court by the minister.
ddca and its treasurer ravinder manchanda, who filed the suit, have alleged that kejriwal, without having any justifiable, substantial and/or on cogent evidence in his possession, has made the statement which was reported across the country, tarnishing the image of the cricket body and its members.
they have asked why azad chose to remain silent for almost eight years without initiating any concrete steps to bring to the knowledge of ddca about the alleged incidents in order to bring end to such practices.
the defendant number 2 (azad) has chosen this very moment to wake up from his self-induced deep slumber in order to cast such scandalous and defamatory aspersions against ddca, makes it obvious that the intention is to lower and damage the reputation of ddca, for self-serving and motivated reasons, the complaint has said.
ddca has said that the action of defendants have severely damaged the credibility and reputation of the cricketing body in eyes of thousands of cricket lovers, citizen of india as well as internationally.
it is matter of deep shame that unauthenticated, false, scandalous and defamatory allegations have been made against ddca which has led to the sullying of the reputation of not only ddca, its officials and staff associated with it, but have even tarnished the image of a cricket-worshiping nation by the casting of such false, baseless and motivated aspersions, the suit has said.
it has also said that kejriwal and azad have flagrantly violated all principles of responsible behavior and ethics.
rahul demands rollback of proposed epf withdrawal taxnew delhi, mar 3, 2016, pti: 14:11 istcongress vice president rahul gandhi today demanded that prime minister narendra modi roll back the proposal for taxing employee provident fund withdrawals.
epf is the safety net of the employees and imposing a tax on this is wrong.
i will urge the prime minister to announce.
.
.
that the tax will be rolled back, gandhi said.
he said that modi should instill onfidence in the employees and voters by withdrawing the proposal.
the total portfolio under the pension and provident fund scheme is estimated to be around rs 6.
5 lakh crore.
taking a jibe again at the government's proposed amnesty scheme on black money, announced by arunjaitley in the union budget for the next fiscal, the congress vice president said that the relief should be given to the employees and not to the thieves.
i had said yesterday that you (modi) have given the fair and lovely scheme to thieves.
(instead) our voters and employees should get relief, he added.
picking on the one-time compliance window announced in the budget as a fair and lovely scheme, gandhi had yesterday said this was nothing but a move to turn the black money into white.
the finance minister has announced a new scheme-fair and lovely scheme.
in this scheme, any thief of the country can convert his black money into white.
if anyone indulges in corruption, he can convert his black money into white using the fair and lovely scheme, gandhi had said.
finance minister arunjaitley in his 2016-17 budget speech has proposed that 60 per cent of withdrawal from contribution to epf made after april 1 this year will be subject to tax.
a government press note later said a proposal to tax only interest and not principal is under consideration.
govt to send i-t notice to cong leadersnew delhi, oct 27, 2014, dhns: 1:05 istex-union minister preneet kaur, congress leader narayan rane's sons on the listwith names of a former union minister and the son of another doing the rounds, the income tax (i-t) department was stated to be dispatching notices to some congress leaders whose names featured in the list of those having foreign bank accounts.
according to officials, the names of former union minister preneet kaur and a name similar to maharashtra congress leader narayan ranes sons feature on the hsbc list of indians with swiss bank accounts.
kaur said, in keeping with my reply to the i-t department, i should like to state that i never had, and do not have any bank account overseas in my name with any foreign bank.
however, kaur, who is wife of former punjab chief minister and now deputy leader of the congress in the lok sabha amarinder singh, said she had responded to a i-t notice sent to her in 2011.
in this regard, i can confirm receiving such a notice in 2011, and having replied to it wherein i have strongly denied any such allegations, she said in a statement issued on monday.
though kaur was first asked after the upa government was handed a list of people with accounts at hsbc bank's swiss subsidiary, the i-t officials indicated that adequate action was not taken then and so fresh steps would be taken to get details.
in retaliation, jaitleys predecessor, p chidambaram, said, whatever name is there will embarrass the individual, not the party.
he spoke after the government disclosed before the supreme court three names, including that of pradip burman, one of dabur india promoters, a bullion trader and a goa miner against whom it has started prosecution for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks.
the list has in all the names of 628 indians who allegedly hold bank accounts in switzerland.
the names were provided to india by the french and german governments.
the bjp, which vowed during its campaign to bring back the money within 100 days, was flayed by the congress last week after the government told the supreme court that tax treaties with other countries prohibit it from disclosing alleged offenders till charges are framed.
the congress pointed out that when it was in power, it had made the same argument, only to be accused of inaction by the bjp.
boycotting niti aayog meeting against federalism: jaitleynew delhi, july 15, 2015 (ians) 15:07 istfinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said that certain non-bjp chief ministers skipping the niti aayog meeting in new delhi was against the spirit of federalism.
jaitley said 16 chief ministers were present at the meeting.
nine chief ministers of congress-ruled states, mamata banerjee from west bengal and akhilesh yadav from uttar pradesh were among those who boycotted the meeting of niti (national institution for transforming india) aayog.
tamil nadu chief minister j. jayalalithaa, who is in the us for treatment, was represented by trusted aide and former chief minister o. paneerselvam.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and bihar chief minister nitish kumar were among the attendees.
banks defer decision on card payment fee till fridaynew delhi, jan 09, 2017, dhns 1:52 istbanks on sunday night deferred their decision to charge 1  transaction fee on card payments, following which petroleum dealers withdrew their threat not to accept payments through credit and debit cards.
the dealers deferred their threat till friday.
earlier in the day, the petroleum dealers association had given a call to stop taking payments from icici, hdfc and axis banks in the wake of these private sector lenders levying a 1  charge on payment for petrol and diesel through credit or debit cards.
the petroleum ministry conveyed to us that the banks have deferred their decision to charge on cards till friday.
so, we have also called off our threat, vis-a-vis plastic money till that date, president, all india petroleum dealers association, ajay bansal told dh.
bansal said the association had written to finance minister arunjaitley and petroleum minister dhamendra pradhan about the same.
last month, the government had announced a 0.
75  discount on the purchase of fuel using cards.
new delhi, oct 20, 2014, (pti): 16:33 istfinance minister arunjaitley is expected to hold a review-cum-strategy meeting of top i-t commissioners in the country later this month to bolster revenue collection work.
official sources said all the principal chief commissioners and chief commissioners of income tax department in the country have been asked by the cbdt to update and prepare latest reports about the status of tax collections in their respective regions before the meeting.
the meeting is tentatively scheduled for the last week of this month and the exact date will soon be notified.
in the meantime, the cbdt has asked all cadre controlling chief commissioners to prepare the latest data of tax collection in their regions which should be updated till october 20, a senior i-t officer said.
the meeting is not only expected to review the job done till now but also to strategise steps that will bolster these efforts, the officer said.
the central board of direct taxes (cbdt), the apex policy making body of the i-t department, has asked these officers to prepare the status reports under separate and detailed heads of collection from each sector so that a threadbare discussion can be held between the finance minister and the senior brass of the department.
it is expected that a road map to bolster revenue collection in the remaining months of this fiscal will also be discussed with the officers during this meeting with the minister.
the road blocks and achievements made in this domain in this fiscal will also be shared, the officer said.
this is the second time arunjaitley will be meeting the zonal heads of i-t after he met them during their annual conference here in june.
the government has fixed direct tax collection target of over rs 7,36,221 crore for 2014-15, which is 15 per cent higher than the last fiscal's revised estimates.
pan must for hotel bill cash payment over rs 50k from tomorrownew delhi, dec 31, 2015, (pti) 18:21 istfurnishing pan will be mandatory from tomorrow for cash transactions such as hotel or foreign travel bills exceeding rs 50,000 - a move aimed at curbing the black money menace.
besides, pan will be a must for all transactions, including purchase of jewellery, above rs 2 lakhs in cash or through card with effect from january 1, 2016, the finance ministry said in a notification.
pan will also be mandatory on purchase of immovable property of over rs 10 lakh.
this will be a relief to small home buyers as previously the government had proposed to make pan mandatory for property worth rs 5 lakh.
quoting of permanent account number (pan) will also be mandatory for term deposits exceeding rs 50,000 at one go or rs 5 lakh in a year with banks, post offices and nbfcs.
the notification said pan would be mandatory for payments of more than rs 50,000 for cash cards or prepaid instruments as well as for acquiring shares of unlisted companies for rs 1 lakh and above.
it has also been made mandatory for opening all bank accounts except pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana accounts.
the limit is double of rs 1 lakh that he had proposed in 2015-16 budget, but is lower than the existing threshold of rs 5 lakh.
making cash deposit of more than rs 50,000 or purchase of bank draft/pay orders/bankers cheque of equal denomination on a single day, payment of life insurance premium of rs 50,000 in a year would also require quoting of pan.
in keeping with the government's thrust on financial inclusion, opening of a no-frills bank account such as a jan dhan account will not require pan.
other than that, the requirement of pan applies to opening of all bank accounts including in co-operative banks.
mehbooba off to delhi after jaitley's promisezulfikar majid, srinagar, mar 15, 2016, dhns: 0:51 istpeoples democratic party (pdp) president mehbooba mufti on tuesday left for new delhi a day after union finance minister arunjaitley promised in parliament that the centre will implement every project announced as part of the special package to jammu & kashmir on priority.
she is likely to attend parliament session besides other political engagements.
the pdp has been demanding an assurance from the centre towards the development of the state.
meanwhile, the meeting of state advisory council, headed by governor n n vohra, to finalise budget proposals for 2016-2017 in the state was postponed.
the crucial meeting was scheduled for tuesday.
while officially no reason was given for postponing the meeting, sources said, in the backdrop of union finance minister arunjaitley mondays speech in parliament related to the state has rekindled the hope of government formation within the pdp.
this has made speculations rife in the state that former ruling alliance partners pdp and bjp could be close to reaching an agreement on government formation by the end of this month.
jaitleys commitment on the floor of the parliament regarding j&k came at a time when pdp-bjp talks over government formation are in a deadlock.
mehbooba has asked new delhi to announce state-specific measures, both on the political and economical fronts, ahead of any forward movement by her party on forming the government with the bjp, though she has been reiterating that her party was committed to the alliance.
budget gives lion's share to infra to spur economic growthnew delhi, feb 28, 2015, pti: 14:27 istasserting that india's infrastructure is a mismatch with its growth ambitions, finance minister arunjaitley today proposed a sizeable rs 70,000 crore increase in investment in the sector besides a slew of steps to spur its growth.
our infrastructure does not match our growth ambitions.
there is a pressing need to increase public investment.
jaitley also stressed on the need to revitalise the public private partnership (ppp) mode of infrastructure development.
he said, investment in infrastructure will go up by rs 70,000 crore in the year 2015-16, over the year 2014-15 from the centre's funds and resources of cpses.
jaitley said the government has increased outlays on both the roads and the gross budgetary support to the railways, by rs 14,031 crore, and rs 10,050 crore, respectively.
the capex of the public sector units is expected to be rs 3,17,889 crore, an increase of approximately rs 80,844 crore over re 2014-15, he said.
enunciating steps to boost the sector, the government intends to establish a national investment and infrastructure fund (niif), and find monies to ensure an annual flow of rs 20,000 crore to it.
this, he said, will enable the trust to raise debt, and in turn, invest as equity, in infrastructure finance companies such as the irfc and nhb and infrastructure finance companies in turn can then leverage this extra equity, many fold.
he said permitting tax free infrastructure bonds for projects in rail, road and irrigation sectors is also on the anvil.
on public private partnership, he said, the ppp mode of infrastructure development has to be revisited, and revitalised.
the major issue involved is re-balancing of risk.
in infrastructure projects, the sovereign will have to bear a major part of the risk without, of course, absorbing it entirely, he added.
to augment power sector, he said, india will set up 5 more ultra mega power projects, entailing investments of around rs 1 lakh crore.
this will require completing 1,00,000 km of roads currently under construction plus sanctioning and building another 1,00,000 km of road, he said.
jaitley also said that there is a proposal for conversion of existing excise duty on petrol and diesel to the extent of rs 4 per litre into road cess to fund investment in roads and other infrastructure.
besides, an additional rs 40,000 crore will be made available through this measure for these sectors, he said.
he said the north-east region has been accorded priority in the development process by two visits of prime minister and launch of important infrastructure projects.
gst will become a reality soon, says jaitleynew delhi, feb 4, 2016, (pti) 12:30 istfinance minister arunjaitley today hoped that the opposition parties will see reason and the goods and services tax (gst), which is held up in rajya sabha, will become a reality soon.
it (gst) has been supported by most political parties and i am sure others will also see reason and this law will become a reality very soon, the minister said while inaugurating the two-day india investment summit here.
he said the government is also working on streamlining the direct taxation system.
we want to rationalise our direct tax system in order to make it one of the most competitive regimes in the world comparable with what competitive economies elsewhere have, arunjaitley added.
he further said reform is a continuous process and there is no finishing line for that as it has to go on and on because challenges keep coming up.
gst, which will subsume all indirect taxes such as excise duty, service tax and sales tax into one uniform rate, is stalled in the rajya sabha as the congress is pressing for three changes.
the congress has stalled the passage of the constitutional amendment bill, derailing the government's plan to roll out gst from april 1, 2016.
the three demands are a cap on the gst rate in the constitution itself, removal of the proposed 1 per cent additional tax on inter-state movement of goods and setting up a judicial panel to adjudicate disputes among states.
budget session of parliament commences on february 23.
while the first part of the session will end on march 16, the second part will be take place from april 25 to may 13.
raids net 36,000 tonnes of pulsesnew delhi, oct 21, 2015, dhns: 0:38 istforced into action by the centre, 10 state governments seized nearly 36,000 tonnes of pulses in an intensive crackdown on hoarders comprising large traders, millers and large department stores.
the government plans to offload the seized pulses into the markets which is expected to cool down the rising prices that have touched as high as rs 210 per kg.
jaitley blamed the states for not doing enough to crack down on hoarders and black marketeers.
he said the raids would continue for the next two-three days.
jaitley warned of penal action against the hoarders even as he expected prices to cool at retail level in the next two-three days after quantity seized in raids as well as those imported are released in the market.
according to a statement by the consumer affairs ministry, maximum quantity of 23,340 tonnes was seized in maharashtra, followed by 4,525.
19 tonnes in chhattisgarh, 2,546 tonnes in telangana, 2,295 tonnes in madhya pradesh, 1,168 tonnes in haryana, 859.
8 tonnes in andhra pradesh, 479.
6 tonnes in karnataka, 68.
47 tonnes in rajasthan, 4.
32 tonnes in tamil nadu and 2.
44 tonnes in himachal pradesh.
india imports pulses mainly from malawi, mozambique and myanmar.
but crop failures have led to non-availability of pulses in the international markets.
gadkari for cut in gst on hybrid carsbengaluru, dh news service, may 25 2017, 23:11 istin picture: nitin gadkari.
photo credit: pti.
union road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari on thursday said that he will urge finance minister arunjaitley to bring down the gst rate on hybrid vehicles and other automobiles that run on alternate fuels.
under the gst rates announced last week, hybrid cars, which are considered eco-friendly, are slated to attract a 15  cess over and above peak rate of 28 , same as those of large luxury cars and sports utility vehicles (suvs).
the automobile industry has expressed concern on the high rate on hybrids stating it would put a spanner in the wheels of government plans to promote green vehicles.
at present hybrid vehicles attracts excise duty of 12.
5  with an effective overall tax rate of 30.
3 .
i will be meeting arunjaitley soon to request that tax slabs for vehicles run on ethanol, bio diesel, bio cng should be reduced.
i will also request him to reduce tax rate on hybrid vehicles, gadkari said.
karnataka writes to fmministers at the centre are not the only ones seeking relief.
karnataka minister for large and medium industries r v deshpande also wrote a letter to arunjaitley , urging the latter to relook the gst on hybrid cars.
you may be aware that both hybrid vehicles (hvs) and electric vehicles come from the same family of alternative fuel vehicles.
.
.
i would request the government of india to examine this issue and to keep the proposed gst for hvs same as evs i.
e.
12  as this measure would definitely promote hvs in the same way as evs and also would be an enabler to the governments target of enhancing electric mobility in india, deshpande wrote.
new delhi, dec 16, 2015, pti: 14:54 istthe cbi seized files containing cabinet decisions during its day-long raid, the delhi government alleged today with chief minister arvind kejriwal claiming that a file relating to ddca was scrutinised, drawing a rebuttal by the agency and the centre.
heightening the unprecedented acrimony, kejriwal and his deputy manish sisodia charged the central bureau of investigation with fresh allegations accusing it of seizing documents unrelated to the agency's probe against principal secretary rajendra kumar.
the chief minister also launched a fresh attack on finance minister arunjaitley , saying he had misled parliament by saying that the cbi did not raid the chief minister's office.
cbi kept reading ddca file in my office.
they wud hv seized it.
but after my media briefing, they left it.
not clear if they took a copy.
docs seized from my office.
no relation to allegations being probed.
item 7-file movement register of last one month, he said in a series of tweets.
addressing a press conference, sisodia wondered why the cbi had allegedly seized file movement register of november- december and three files of transport department.
what is the connection?
cbi also scrutinized files of ddca.
they even planned to seize them but did not do so after chief minister raised the issue, sisodia said.
in his tweets, kejriwal also suggested that arunjaitley was worried about delhi government's probe into the functioning of ddca.
jaitley had yesterday dismissed the allegations against him as rubbish.
kejriwal also uploaded image of a document listing the files allegedly taken away by cbi from delhi secretariat during its day-long raid yesterday.
the office of kejriwal's principal secretary rajendra kumar wasraided by cbi yesterday in a corruption case triggering a fresh face-off between the aap and centre and a vicious political slugfest in which the aap chief lashed out at prime minister narendra modi.
kejriwal claimed his office was raided which was denied by cbi as well as the finance minister in rajya sabha where the opposition created an uproar.
the chief minister claimed he was in fact the target and that kumar was just an excuse.
press trust of india, new delhi, jun 14 2017, 21:05 istconsultation process in both the bjp and the opposition camps shifted into high gear today as filing of nominations for the presidential election began.
the ruling party's three-member panel reached out to its allies as well as rivals while the congress-led opposition parties, too, held a meeting but maintained that no names were discussed for the presidential poll.
they will meet again, most likely after the bjp discloses the name of its candidate.
bjp sources have said the nda candidate for the top constitutional post is likely to file nomination before prime minister narendra modi leaves for the us on june 25.
the last date for filing of nomination is june 28.
union ministers venkaiah naidu and rajnath singh, two members of the panel apart from finance minister arunjaitley , will meet congress chief sonia gandhi on friday as part of efforts to evolve a broad consensus on the presidential candidate.
naidu today spoke to tdp chief and bjp ally n chandrababu naidu and leaders of some regional outfits in southern india.
he also called up satish mishra of the mayawati-led bsp and praful patel of the ncp, headed by sharad pawar.
mishra and patel represented their parties later in the opposition's meeting.
no names were discussed in the meeting as opposition leaders met to chalk out their strategy for the presidential election scheduled for july 17, congress leader ghulam nabi azad said.
he said the 10-member opposition panel would meet again to decide on a suitable presidential nominee.
he, however, did not give any timeframe.
sources said the leaders would discuss names, but await a government initiative in this regard.
opposition leaders like sharad yadav have made it clear that they will put up a joint candidate if the saffron party picks a nominee with strong hindutva leanings.
on the first day, six persons, including a man and his wife, filed nominations.
all the nominations filed are liable to be rejected as none had the mandatory 50 proposers and as many seconders from among the electors.
academies with international level facilities for training of accomplished athletes and for nurturing best talent in the country at junior and sub-junior levels will also be set up for shooting, archery, boxing, wrestling, weightlifting and various track and field events, he added.
sports are an integral part of growing up and personality development.
unfortunately, in our country, sports have not been main-streamed to date, the finance minister said during his budget speech.
to encourage sports, he also proposed to prescribe a concessional excise duty of 2 percent without cenvat benefit and 6 percent with cenvat benefit on sports gloves.
the finance minister earmarked rs 100 crore for the training of sportspersons for the forthcoming asian and commonwealth games.
a bit too late perhaps for the athletes preparing for the commonwealth games, which is set to start on july 23.
he also announced setting up of a sports university in manipur and allocated rs 100 crore for the current financial year.
j&k packagejammu and kashmir has a lot of sporting talent which is not finding expression due to inadequate sports facilities, he said and proposed to provide rs 200 crore for upgrading the indoor and outdoor sports stadiums to international standards in jammu as well as in kashmir valley.
the finance minister said india will start an annual event to promote sports in himalyan region and invite countries such as nepal and bhutan also to participate in games.
unique sports traditions have developed in the himalayan region in the countries and the states that are a part of it.
the allocation for the sports and youth affairs ministry for 2014-2015 has seen a rise of rs. 561.
24 crore  a 46.
5 percent hike.
jaitley allocated a total of rs.1,769 crore  much more than the rs 1207.
76 crore allocated by the congress-led united progressive alliance ii in 2013-14.
there was also a rise in the budget allocation for the sports authority of india (sai), which is the nodal agency for sports in the country.
this time sai has been allocated rs.405.
10 crore  a significant hike from last years rs.320.
45 crore.
the government has also increased the budget allocation for anti-doping activities.
this years allocation is rs.11.
60 crore  rs. 3.
30 crore more than last fiscals allocation.
10 years of rti act: pm to skip cic annual conventionnew delhi, oct 12, 2015, pti: 18:08 istprime minister narendra modi will not attend the central information commission's annual convention organised to discuss various issues pertaining to the the right to information act, which completes 10 years.
barring 2010, either the president or the prime minister had addressed the inaugural or valedictory function of the convention on various issues related to transparency since 2006.
last year, there was no convention because the government had not appointed any chief information commissioner, who happens to be administrative head of the commission and oversees preparations of the function.
sources said modi was invited to the function and the dates were also shifted from october 12 to october 16 to suit the pmo schedule but later it was conveyed that he will not be able to attend the convention, in which former and serving information commissioners, activists, legal experts and intellectuals gather to dicuss issues of transparency.
according to the new schedule, the programme has also been cut short with no valedictory function.
finance minister arunjaitley will address the inaugural function whereas a small concluding session will take place next day afternoon.
the one-and-a-half-day long programme will have 4-5 technical sessions.
the topics for the sessions will cover implementation and the strengthening of various aspects of the rti act.
the commission has also planned to have state-level workshops in the build up to the annual convention.
the right to information act came into force on october 12, 2005 after a long struggle by activists.
it was lauded as the most empowering law passed by parliament where any citizen could seek any information, barring prohibited ones, from the government on a mere payment of rs 10.
the information should be provided within 30 days but with the bureaucracy showing reluctance to share even ordinary pieces of information, the pendency of cases at the cic has gone up to 35,000.
pm rakes up 1984 anti-sikh violence, praises sardar patelnew delhi, oct 31, 2014 (ians): 11:42 istprime minister narendra modi today raked up the anti-sikh violence that followed the assassination of then prime minister indira gandhi this day 30 years ago and said it was a dagger in the centuries-old fabric of india's unity as he dedicated the birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel as national unity day.
got up as an event to accord sardar patel, the 'iron man of india', his place in history, the government said it was not an attempt to belittle the contribution of any other leader.
flagging off run for unity on the 139th birth anniversary of the first home minister of the country celebrated as rashtriya ekta divas, modi noted that the day was being commemorated as death anniversary of indira gandhi but made a veiled reference to the anti-sikh riots that followed her assassination.
modi said patel devoted his life for the unity of the nation and it was unfortunate that our very own people were killed on his birth anniversary 30 years ago.
.
.
.
in the same country, 30 years ago, on the birth anniversary of the same leader something happened which cast a blow to the unity of the nation.
hamare apne logon ko maut ke ghaat utar diya gaya (our own people were killed on that day.
that incident was not a wound in the heart of any community.
it was a dagger in the centuries-old fabric of india's unity, he said.
patel never deviated from his vision of national unity despite facing obstacles in his political life.
it is a misfortune of this country that 30 years ago on the birth anniversary of such a leader an incident which shook the unity of nation took place, modi said.
paying tributes to patel's contribution to the integration and unity of the country, the prime minister said, let us not forget that a nation that disregards its history can never create one.
.
.
don't divide history, legacy in narrow confines of ideology.
the modi government recently decided that it would be involved in commemoration of birth and death anniversaries of mahatma gandhi and sardar patel while leaving it to trusts and societies to mark the memory of other leaders.
government had also decided that no memorials will be built in memory of other leaders.
remembering the contribution of patel in the independence movement, modi said mahatma gandhi had entrusted him with planning of the historical dandi march which he successfully did.
when we see ramakrishna paramhans he appears to be incomplete without swami vivekananda.
similarly when we see mahatma gandhi, he also appears incomplete without sardar patel, he said.
modi also compared patel with chanakya, saying, the country can never forget sardar patel.
centuries ago,chanakya conducted a successful experiment of establishing a strong set up by uniting small princely states.
post independence, the same great work was done by the man whose birth anniversary we are celebrating today, sardar vallabhbhai patel, he said.
it is unfortunate that the man who dedicated his life for the unity of india,faced criticisms and opposition, suffered hurdles in his political career but was never deterred from his goal of uniting the country, the pm said.
modi said sardar patel unified the country through his skill, vision and patriotism.
recalling his role in uniting the entire country after partition, modi said sardar patel demolished britishers' plan to divide india in many small regions.
he single handedly merged all 550 regions with the country.
earlier welcoming the prime minister, urban development minister venkaiah naidu said, had sardar patel been the first prime minister of the country, history would have been different.
this is how many people feel.
he also said the celebration was not aimed at belittling the contribution of any other political leader.
sangh has always felt that successive governments had held the contribution of jawahar lal nehru and those of the nehru-gandhi family in higher regard over others.
as soon as he flagged off the run, participants asked the prime minister to lead them and he led the run for some distance.
sports personalities sushil kumar, vijender singh, virendra sehwag and gautam gambhir were among those who participated in the run.
flanked by union ministers sushma swaraj, naidu, arunjaitley among others, the prime minister administered the oath of unity to participantsmodi also offered floral tributes to the statue of sardar patel at patel chowk which was decked up for the occasion.
jaipur, jan 25, 2015, (pti): 19:07 istsenior supreme court lawyer and former bjp leader ram jethmalani today said that modi needs to dismiss union finance minister arunjaitley if he wanted to succeed in recovering black money.
i am most disappointed man because modi has put those men in charge of the work who will never be able to complete it.
the man has ought to be dismissed if blackmoney needs to be recovered, jethmalani said.
the veteran lawyer said the union minister had been talking about bilateral double taxation avoidance treaties (dtat) as the reason behind the inability to reveal the names of indians who hold illegal foreign bank accounts.
this man needs to be dismissed right away, the 92-year-old lawyer said.
i had said that i am living in departure lounge of god's airport and i don't want anything from you but i wish you will fulfill all the promises you made to people of the country.
but as far as the black money row is concerned i am most disappointed in him, he said,jethmalani was in conversation with author shobha de and journalist madhu trehan during a session titled the devil's advocate: ram jethmalani.
jethmalani said he had supprted modi all through the election campaign.
i just had two things on my bucket list.
one was to see the previous government being thrown out of gear and am very happy that i have succeed and my efforts have partially contributed to it and second to see black money being recovered, he said.
the lawyer said he had written to arunjaitley in october last year accusing him of taking an ill-advised stand on the issue in the apex court.
recalling how bjp leader lk advani wrote to him from jail appreciating one of his arguments presented by him in a case, jethamalni said, l k advani is the most ungrateful man because he is party to my expulsion from the party.
when elections were near there were many hurdles inside the bjp.
everyone wanted to be the prime minister and they all were rivals of themselves.
one issue they were united on were that ram has to be silenced and thrown out of the party, jethmalani said.
the noted lawyer was suspended from the bjp party after he opposed a second term for gadkari as bjp president.
our society undoubtedly suffers from disease of corruption.
i don't deny hat corruption has crept into judiciary.
i swear that considered to other sectors of society judges are still angels, he said appreciating the role of judiciary in the country.
when asked if he had any case he regretted getting involved with, jethmalani said, none.
kolkata, jan 8, 2016 (pti) 16:38 istafter sparring over the ddca issue, union finance minister arunjaitley and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today shared stage at the bengal global business summit here.
however, the leaders avoided each other at the dais.
jaitley was seen seated at the left side of west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee while kejriwal sat at the right side of banerjee beside bhutan prime minister tshering tobgay.
while arunjaitley left after his speech at the programme at around 12.
15 pm, kejriwal left the venue at about 1.
40 pm after his speech.
the centre had declared as unconstitutional and illegal the constitution of commission of inquiry into the ddca affairs by the aap dispensation in delhi in the continuing battle between the two governments.
the rejection of the delhi government's decision to probe the affairs of delhi and district cricket association (ddca) comes on top of a bitter fight between the arvind kejriwal-led aap government and the centre after the raid on the delhi secretariat a month ago.
the raid had led to a confrontation between the two with kejriwal alleging that it was meant to seize some files purportedly containing details of alleged corruption in ddca when arunjaitley was its president between 1999 and 2013.
kejriwal followed up his charge by his government's decision to constitute a probe under the commission of inquiry act headed by former solicitor general gopal subramanium, who has contended that delhi government has the authority to constitute such a probe which he would go ahead with.
jaitley said emergency was a phase which showed that a democracy can be converted into a dictatorship by using some provisions of the constitution and all the major institutions like bureaucracy, police, media and judiciary can collapse.
i think, today the global awareness is in favour of the democracy and the kind of sanctions which can be imposed on a dictatorship itself can be a deterrent.
i think, the media is also strong, the polity is strong and the global institutions are also strong.
a major controversy broke out recently after bjp patriarch l k advani expressed concerns that forces that can crush democracy are stronger now and that emergency-like situation could emerge again.
the comments were seen by the congress as being aimed at prime minister narendra modi, while aam aadmi party felt it was the first indictment of modi's politics.
other opposition parties also said that advani's comments should be taken seriously.
jaitley said that the polity was strong even during the emergency, but the media had by and large caved in.
but the fact that detentions are no longer possible without a basis, media censorship is no longer possible and hopefully judiciary would be far more independent, it would not be possible for anybody to convert a democracy into a dictatorship without these three limbs, he said.
jaitley said the tradition of dynasty and dynastic political parties started with emergency.
it has been 40 years since emergency was imposed and it was the darkest phase of indian democracy in post-independence india, he said.
this was a phase where for two reasons, emergency was proclaimed.
the first reason was that indira gandhi's position as prime minister was challenged because she was found to have indulged in corrupt practices in election.
and second was she wanted to use the power of dictatorship in emergency to convert india into a dynastic rule, the minister said.
jaitley said that emergency was a phase where civil liberty was suspended, personal liberty had no value, lakhs of people were detained, media was censored and judicial independence was completely throttled.
i was a student leader at that time.
i was on the forefront of fighting the emergency.
i was one of the first persons to be arrested during the emergency.
and then finally after 19 months in prison, when emergency was relaxed, i had an opportunity to participate in the election campaign.
not one policemen got up and said i would not register a false case.
detention orders against thousands and lakhs of people were passed.
not one collector got up and said i would not sign on a fake detention order.
except the indian express and the statesman all major newspapers had collapsed and started praising the dictatorship.
this was the vulnerability of the media.
even though the high courts displayed some courage in saying that detainees have the right to move to the supreme court for illegal detention, the supreme court by a majority of four against one reversed that judgement.
i think, the emergency was also the darkest phase of the supreme court, he said.
jaitley said there was a small group of lawyers and media persons, as also the political prisoners, who fought the emergency.
is it possible to replicate such a situation now?
i have my doubts, he said.
this country demonstrated in the post emergency election in 1977 that india is not willing to be suffocated.
and therefore the strong reaction against emergency would scare.
but more important are three other incidental factors which have occurred since then.
firstly, the janata party government led by morarji desai brought one great institutional reform and amended the constitution to provide that during emergency article 25 which is the right to life and liberty cannot be suspended.
therefore if right to life and liberty remains, unfair detention would no longer be possible.
as far as the media is concerned, the technology has made censorship impossible.
so during emergency, it was possible to post a censor in every newspaper and censor the media.
but today the satellite and the internet have created a situation where technologically a censorship itself is not possible.
and therefore to censor the media would be extremely difficult.
jaitley said he was the president of delhi university students union at that time and also the convener of the national organisation of youth organisations which jayprakash narayan had created.
after indira gandhi's election was set aside by the allahabad high court and in the supreme court she got a conditional stay, the popular movement seeking her resignation had picked up.
so on evening of june 25, 1975, there was a meeting at ramlila maidan.
after the meeting, when i came back home, the police came to arrest me in the middle of the night.
i managed to escape while my father engaged the police in some argument since they did not had detention order.
i went to a friend's house and in the morning collected a large number of students and organised the only protest on june 26 anywhere in the country against emergency.
so we burnt an effigy of indira gandhi and thereafter i was arrested as part of the protest.
i was first kept in tihar jail, then taken to ambala and brought back to delhi.
the police detained me under misa.
jaitley said the emergency helped him in hardening his views on various democratic institutions.
that is something in my political life which has helped me till today - be it the need of free media, the need of independent judiciary, values of personal liberty.
these are values, i have cherished all along.
and of course my stay in jail was an experience.
jail is a state of mind.
if you are part of a struggle time passes by.
i used to read a lot.
play a lot badminton and volleyball.
i was very fond of supervising the kitchen.
we were only allowed rs 3 per day as food allowance, which was only enough for some roti and daal.
kirti demands cbi probe, drags congress leaders in ddca rownew delhi, dec 28, 2015, (pti) 15:50 istsuspended bjp mp kirti azad today rejected his party's argument that a sfio probe had found no scam in ddca affairs and sought a comprehensive probe by central agencies, including cbi and ed.
making it clear that he was not targeting finance minister arunjaitley , he sought to drag congress leaders in the row, alleging that the previous upa government did not take action because many of its nominees like rajeev shukla, naveen jindal and arvinder singh lovely were working as ddca directors and were party to wrongdoing and remiss in their duties.
without due diligence crores of rupees were transferred in bank accounts having fake addresses.
it was a monumental fraud as the same people for the same work were paid again and again.
i have evidence, he claimed, adding my fight is against corruption in sports bodies.
it is not against jaitley.
charged with anti-party activities over his attack on finance minister, he said that he was neither against bjp nor jaitley.
i fail to understand where i have targeted the finance minister.
i have said nothing against the party.
i have always been a loyal soldier.
but i will continue to fight against corruption.
cbi and probe agencies like ed and dri should carry out an extensive inquiry into the ddca affairs, he said.
addressing the media, azad named several firms which, he alleged, were involved in pocketing money running into crores of rupees and were linked with ddca officials.
rejecting his party's argument that no scam in the ddca was found by serious fraud investigation office, he said the sfio only looked into those papers which were given to them.
sfio committee only saw the papers that were given to them.
it did not go into finding out whether the companies that were paid several crores of rupees even existed, he said, adding that it still indicted the ddca on several counts, mostly to do with lack of proper accounting.
jaitley and ddca have denied allegations made by azad, a former international cricketer.
azad also wondered if attempts were being made to hide corruption, saying cbi instead of raiding the ddca had only sent it notices, giving accused a chance to destroy proof.
i have done 90 per cent of investigation.
cbi should take evidence from me.
i do not know why it is so slow, he said.
he said he and others had written over 200 letters to arunjaitley about the financial irregularities in the cricket body when he headed it but nothing happened.
dh news service, new delhi, jun 5 2017, 16:19 istprime minister narendra modi monday reviewed the status of gst, which is scheduled to be implemented from july 1 and asked officials to pay maximum attention to cyber-security in it systems concerned with gst.
the meeting, which lasted for over two-and-a-half hours, was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , and top-most officials from the ministry of finance, prime ministers office and the cabinet secretary.
the review meeting was the first by the prime minister after the final rate fixation of goods on may 2,in the course of the meeting, the prime minister oversaw the aspects of implementation such as it readiness, hr readiness, training and sensitisation of officers, query handling mechanism, and monitoring, a pmo statement said.
the prime minister was informed that gst systems such as it infrastructure, training of officials, integration with banks, and enrolment of existing taxpayers will be in readiness well in time for the july 1 implementation date.
information security systems were also discussed in detail.
a twitter handle - @askgst_goi has been started for real time answering of queries.
an all india toll-free phone 1800-1200-232 has also been activated for this purpose.
shemin joy, oct 20, 2014, dhns: new delhi: 1:24 istthey took care of him like any other patient, but finance minister arunjaitley had a surprise gift for them when he left hospital.
around a dozen nurses received a signed letter from the finance minister after his discharge from the all india institute of medical science (aiims) earlier this month.
the letters were delivered to each and every nurse assigned to him.
most of them, who hail from kerala, are probationary nurses awaiting confirmation.
the dedication with which you attended to me has deeply touched me.
the nurses, both male and female, were surprised to receive such a letter of appreciation from a vvip.
they have never got one, despite having attended to many notable persons.
normally, doctors get such appreciation letters, they said.
this is the first time somebody is acknowledging the nurses.
it is nice, a nurse, who received the letter, told deccan herald.
he refused to be identified as he was under probation.
another nurse said around a dozen of them were assigned to look after jaitley.
the letters were given to the medical superintendent of aiims, who distributed the letters.
the letter became public knowledge after some of the nurses posted photos of them on social networking sites.
however, they are now apprehensive about posting the letters after their superiors warned them against speaking to the media about it.
they are not authorised to speak to mediapersons.
jaitley was admitted to the cardio-neuro tower in aiims in september-end and discharged on october 6.
he had undergone diabetes management surgery on september 2 at a prominent private hospital.
during a stay in the private hospital for post-surgery check-up, he developed respiratory problems and was shifted to aiims.
govt discloses 8 names in black money probenew delhi, oct 27, 2014, dhns: 1:21 istdabur's burman, goa miner timblo, trader lodhiya figure on listthe centre on monday revealed in the supreme court eight names, including that of a mining company, in connection with the stashing away of unaccounted money in offshore institutions.
the government also said it had no intention of withholding information related to black money.
dabur india groups once whole-time director pradip burman, goa-based miner radha satish timblo and rajkot-based bullion trader pankaj chimanlal lodhiya are among the names disclosed in the governments affidavit.
timblo private ltd (tpl) and its other directors chetan s timblo, rohan s timblo and anna c timblo and mallika r timblo were also alleged to have parked money offshore.
burmans name was received by the government from french authorities.
others kept their black money in other countries.
tpl was also indicted by the justice m b shah commission in 2012 as well as sc-appointed central empowered committee, which probed illegal mining in goa.
the narendra modi-led national democratic alliance, which made black money its main poll plank, faced criticism over the governments application in the supreme court on october 17 stating it could not make public the names of all account holders in foreign banks due to confidentiality clause.
every account held by an indian in a foreign country may not be illegal.
the names cannot be disclosed unless there is prima facie evidence of wrongdoing, the government said justifying its stand.
the intention of the present government is clear and unambiguous.
it is keen to unearth black money held abroad and, for that purpose, it will use all diplomatic and legal means and also all investigating agencies to obtain information that can assist in such unearthing, the affidavit filed by the finance ministry stated.
the prosecution was already started in as many as 17 cases for tax evasion after the united progressive alliance government received names of 26 individuals from german authorities in march 2009 for having accounts in lgt bank of liechtenstein.
however, the centres disclosure of only eight names on monday came as a disappointment to noted lawyer and petitioner ram jethmalani who said the revelation is a damp squib.
the congress described it as selective revelation of account holders' names.
aam aadmi party leaders arvind kejriwal and prashant bhushan slammed the government for not coming out with full list.
they said the supreme court verdict of july 4, 2011 , stated that there would be no violation of double tax avoidance agreements in disclosing the names of black money account holders in foreign banks.
meanwhile, congress leader and former minister preneet kaur said she received a notice from income tax authorities in 2011 for having a foreign bank account and she had responded to it.
notably, timblo pvt ltd, the accused company, donated rs 1.
18 crore to the bharatiya janata party (bjp) in nine instalments and rs 65 lakh in three instalments to the congress in seven years, according to two private election watchdogs.
the donations were made between 2004-05 and 2011-12, the association for democratic reforms and national election watch said.
the rajkot-based bullion trader lodhiya had donated rs 51,000 to the bjp.
in its affidavit, the government, however, reiterated that the details received from other countries under the tax treaties could be used only for that purpose.
as and when investigations were completed, a complaint would be filed in the competent court, making the information public.
india moves closer to uranium deal with oznew delhi, april 13, 2015, dhns: 2:20 istindia may move closer to importing uranium from australia next month, when officials of the two countries will meet to negotiate an administrative arrangement to implement the civil nuclear cooperation agreement the two countries inked last year.
external affairs minister sushma swaraj and australian foreign minister julie bishop will also touch upon the administrative arrangement when they meet in new delhi on tuesday.
officials of the two governments are expected to hold formal negotiations in canberra next month.
we will discuss our common interest in concluding administrative arrangements to enable australian uranium sales under the 2014 nuclear cooperation agreement, said bishop, who commenced a four-day visit to india on monday.
she and swaraj will hold the 10th india australia foreign ministers framework dialogue in new delhi on tuesday.
the australian foreign minister will also visit chennai on wednesday.
new delhi and canberra in september 2014 signed a civil nuclear cooperation agreement, which is intended to pave the way for india to import uranium from australia, apart from cooperation in production of radio isotopes, nuclear safety and other areas of cooperation in atomic energy.
india has been keen to source some of the uranium required for its ambitious nuclear programme from australia, which has nearly 40 per cent of the worlds yellowcake reserve.
to implement the 2014 agreement, india and australia, however, need to agree on the administrative arrangement, which would finalise the details of the logistics involved with import and export of nuclear fuel.
bishop on monday met finance minister arunjaitley and reviewed the progress in negotiations with regard to a comprehensive economic cooperation agreement (ceca), which is expected to significantly boost bilateral trade, investment and economic ties between india and australia.
she will also meet defence minister manohar parrikar on tuesday and discuss the new framework for security cooperation, which was agreed upon last november.
australia and india are committed to working together on a range of security issues, including counter-terrorism, maritime security, countering transnational crime and cyber policy, said bishop.
the australian foreign minister on monday delivered the inaugural indo-pacific oration at delhi-based think-tank observer research foundation.
she said that she and swaraj would discuss chinas foreign policy and other regional and geo-strategic issues.
i think we had similar views on china's territorial ambitions.
we don't take a position on territorial disputes, but we do urge all nations to respect international law, respect global norms and to resolve any territorial or maritime issue peacefully.
.
.
there is far too much at stake for this to not occur, she said.
aap accuses centre of trying to 'save' arunjaitley from ddca probenew delhi, jan 8, 2016 (pti) 16:06 istaam aadmi party today claimed that the centre wanted to save finance minister arunjaitley by declaring as illegal the delhi government ordered inquiry into alleged ddca scam and was trying to ensure his role during his tenure as head of the cricket body was not exposed.
the arvind kejriwal-led party also contended that the centre's action was legally wrong as when the delhi government had appointed a commission of inquiry to probe the cng fitness scam, the court had refused to stay the probe and only asked it not to take any coercive action.
the step taken by the bjp government is aimed at saving arunjaitley and just to make sure that his role in ddca scam does not get exposed.
despite such attempt, they would not be able to save arunjaitley , aap leader ashutosh said at a press conference.
the centre has declared as unconstitutional and illegal the constitution of commission of inquiry into the affairs of delhi and district cricket association (ddca) by the aap government, in the continuing battle between the two governments.
the aap government last month had appointed former solicitor general gopal subramanium to probe alleged irregularities in the ddca which was headed by arunjaitley from 2000 to 2013.
the commission of inquiry was set up following a resolution passed by the delhi assembly.
it has been proved that the modi government has no intention to probe any irregularities in ddca and the centre's move is legally and politically wrong.
the letter sent by the centre to the delhi government is sort of a love letter which we have got used to, said ashutosh.
he said, in the cng fitness scam also, we had set up an inquiry commission.
the court did not quash it.
it said that the government should not resort to coercive measures but it did not quash the inquiry panel so the centre's move also makes it clear that they do not have any respect for judiciary.
the aap has been accusing arunjaitley of wrongdoings during his tenure as ddca chief.
the union finance minister had rubbished the allegations and filed criminal and civil defamation cases in a city court against chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders for making baseless allegations.
kirti azad, a bjp parliamentarian, has been suspended by the party for training guns on arunjaitley over the ddca affairs.
they would not be able to save jaitley.
the truth will surely come out and gopal subramanium had offered the trial to be publicly televised.
so why they are running away, ashutosh said.
he said delhi government will decide on next course of action on the probe into the ddca affairs.
karnataka, gujarat get central aid for natural disastersnew delhi, nov 9, 2015, (ians) 17:07 istthe centre on monday approved assistance from the national disaster relief fund (ndrf) to karnataka and gujarat to deal with the losses caused by drought and flood in the two states.
karnataka, which declared its 136 taluks across 27 of its 30 districts as drought-hit in august, was given rs. 1,540 crore and gujarat, which was hit by a massive flood in the same month, got an amount of rs. 562 crore from the ndrf.
a high level meeting for central assistance to states affected by natural disasters allocated the funds to the affected states.
the meeting, chaired by union home minister rajanth singh, was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , vice-chairman niti aayog arvind panagariya, union minister of state for agriculture sanjeev kumar balyan, agriculture secretary siraj hussain and other senior officers.
coal block allocation ordinance on cardsnew delhi: oct 20, 2014, dhns: 1:31 istthe centre on monday decided to promulgate an ordinance to facilitate the e-auction of coal blocks for private companies for captive use, and allot mines directly to state and central psus.
the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendra modi took this decision following the supreme court quashing allocation of 214 coal blocks to various companies since 1993.
state sector requirements, including those of the central and state governments, would be met and coal mines would be allocated directly by the ministry of coal to psus like the national thermal power corporation, karnataka power corporation or any other state electricity boards.
as far as the private sector is concerned, the actual users of coal in the cement, steel and power sectors who apply for a certain number of coal mines, will be put in the pool and there would be an e-auction.
a sufficient and adequate number of mines would be put so that actual users go back with the mines, he said.
the auction process completed in three to four months with proceeds going entirely to the state governments where the mines are located, he said.
the biggest beneficiaries would be the eastern states like jharkhand, odisha, west bengal and chhattisgarh.
states like madhya pradesh, maharashtra and andhra pradesh would also benefit from the move.
aiming to protect the state-run and private end user firms, who have lost coal blocks due to the supreme court judgment, the centre decided to bring an ordinance to allow it to allocate fuel to these firms.
as per the coal mining nationalisation (cmn) act, only the central government or its entities are allowed to mining.
sources said successful bidders in the fresh auction of coal blocks along with the land and plant standing on it would be liable to pay the earlier allottees the cost of the land and the plant along with 12 per cent annual interest on the amount that was originally invested for purchasing the land and setting up plant.
all allottees whose blocks were cancelled by the apex court would be eligible to participate in the fresh auction barring those convicted in coal related cases, said sources.
govt to pilot dbt in distributing fertiliser subsidynew delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns: 0:57 istextending the direct benefit transfer (dbt) to agro sector, finance minister arunjaitley said farmers in a few districts would receive fertilizer subsidy on their bank accounts on a pilot basis.
based on this successful experience, we proposed to introduce dbt on pilot basis for fertiliser in few districts in the country with a view to improving quality of service delivery to the farmers, he added.
out of the rs 73,000 crore annual spend on fertilizer subsidy, rs 38,200 crore goes to domestic urea, while rs 12,300 crore is spent on imported urea.
the remaining rs 22,468.
56 crore pays for decontrolled phosphoric and potassic fertilisers.
calling for a sweeping reform on fertilizer sector, the economic survey tabled last week urged introduction of dbt in distributing subsidies.
new delhi: dec 22, 2015, dhns 2:01 istdefying the bjp gag order, party mp kirti azad dared union finance minister arunjaitley to file a defamation case against him for leveling charges of corruption in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) under his presidentship.
through a tweet, azad said, hello dear @arunjaitley hampar defamation file kar rahe ho na?
please karo na.
don't take injunction, don't gag freedom of speech.
he followed it with another: mera naam kyon hata diya @arunjaitley #aap ne toh mere letters dikhae theey, mujhpar karo na case, registered post se maine bheje theey.
azad subsequently used mythological characters to provide open ended interpretation of his two tweets.
when krishna was little, he fought against kalianag  you can interpret this in the way you want  who is krishna and who is kalianag, he replied when asked what his posts meant.
the minister filed a defamation case against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and other aap leaders but did not include former indian cricketer and rival azad in the complaint before a patiala house lower court.
the party sources explained that the minister by not including azad among the accused in the case has left the scope for the bjp to take a disciplinary action against the third-time mp from dharbhanga.
also, arunjaitley , who said in parliament that the charges against him were baseless since he has not taken a single penny, avoided dragging the name of azad in a legal battle, bjp sources added.
prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah are backing arunjaitley in the case.
though modi is yet to react publicly on the episode, shah said on monday evening jaitely has led his public life on principles which the entire country knows.
if aap thinks that what they are doing will cause harm to arunji image then they are day-dreaming, he said.
azad by publicly taking on arunjaitley in the ddca case has exposed another deep-routed faultline in the party which had barely managed to silence internal dissent post-bihar poll debacle.
azad held a press conference on sunday and repeated corruption charges in lok sabha on monday without taking jaitleys name, despite party chief amit shah and general secretary organisation ram lal asking the mp on friday not to do so against the minister.
azad, however, stated shah had offered him only good idlies.
though he did not mention jaitleys in lok sabha on the ddca scam, azad has sought a cbi probe monitored by sit leaving little to imagination when he stated: we know who was heading the ddca between 2008 and 2013.
jaitley was the president of ddca during the period.
azad may have been emboldened to take such a step after actor-turned-politician shatrughan sinha walked away without facing disciplinary action for daring the leadership to act against him for repeatedly criticising the bjp top brass for their bihar assembly election strategy.
gst continues to be plagued by hurdlesnew delhi, june 16, 2015, dhns: 0:50 istmany states irked by losses after switching to new systemhurdles in bringing goods and services tax (gst) seem far from over with chairman of gst panel k m mani on monday saying many states are demanding full compensation for five years on account of losses incurred by them for switching to the new tax system.
they also demanded abolition of 1 per cent additional tax on inter-state sale of goods.
mani will present the states proposal before the parliamentary committee on tuesday.
tomorrow (tuesday), i am going to present the proposal before the parliamentary committee.
.
.
most of the states are in agreement with gst.
some states are asking for compensation, some want review of additional tax.
those things need to be decided, mani told reporters after meeting finance minister arunjaitley during the day.
the centre has agreed to compensate states fully in the first three years and partially in fourth and fifth year as against their demand for full compensation for five years.
besides, some states have also been favouring abolition of entry tax.
some have demanded that purchase tax should not merged in gst, and if it is merged, 15 years compensation is awarded.
in the budget 2015-16, arunjaitley had promised that gst would be rolled out from april 1, 2016.
the gst bill after being passed by the lok sahba has been sent to the select panel of the rajya sabha after the opposition objected to the changes the government brought into the previous bill and is likely to be taken up again in the forthcoming monsoon session.
new delhi: aug 31, 2015, dhns: 1:54 istfinance minister arunjaitley on monday has ruled out annual revision of the ex-servicemen pension, as demanded by the retired armed forces personnel who are on the street for the last 78 days seeking immediate implementation of the one rank, one pension scheme.
we would like to safeguard the interest of those soldiers who retire at age of 35 or 38 years and the society must protect them.
annual revision of pension is one of the three core demands of the retired military personnel who are protesting more 78 days and a section of them are on hunger strike.
prime minister narendra modi said the government accepted the orop in principle.
but the roll out formula has emerged as the bone of contention.
i have my own formula on what orop means.
somebody else may have their own formula on orop but it has to be within reasonable and rational criteria.
nowhere in the world, pensions are revised annually.
the government was committed to orop but the only difficulty is the arithmetical translation, he added.
while one section of the ex-servicemen are sticking to their guns, another group of retired military personnel are willing to be flexible while negotiating with the government.
the veterans, however, accused the government of creating a red herring in the name of three per cent annual pension and blamed arunjaitley as the fountainhead of the controversy.
they also received support from noted lawyer and parliament member ram jethmalani, who criticised the modi government on the orop issue.
what is shocking is the kind of excuses and issues being brought up from time to time to somehow derail any modicum of talk or understanding between stakeholders that could have resulted in a resolution bynow, says col anil kaul (rtd), media advisor to the united front for the ex-servicemen movement.
the defence ministry completed all the calculations and permutations to the last detail and submitted to the finance ministry as far back as march 17.
it is quite surprising that five months down the line, the finance ministry has not shown the ability to give the all clear to the prime ministers office for implementation, kaul says in an open letter.
meeting fails to end par logjam, govt indicates all-party meetnew delhi, jul 30, 2015, (pti) 19:52 istan all-party meeting convened by the lok sabha speaker today failed to break the parliamentary deadlock but government indicated it was ready convene an all-party meeting in a bid to end the logjam.
the indication came after the opposition threw the ball in the government's court saying it was for it to take initiative and the logjam would continue till then.
under opposition attack, home minister rajnath singh indicated that the government was open to calling an all-party meet to break the impasse.
leader of the congress mallikarjun kharge accused the government of not reaching out to the opposition and tmc leader sudip bandhyopadhyay charged it with harbouring a very undemocratic attitude.
the role and performance of the government is very democratic in nature.
why prime minister narendra modi has not opened his mouth, bandhyopadhyay said initiating the opposition attack.
he also made it clear that it was unrealistic to expect that no one will go to the well of the house.
it cannot happen, it will never happen.
speaker sumitra mahajan told reporters after the meeting that she wanted a consensus against undignified modes of protests like members raising placards in the house or rushing into the well and claimed that most parties agreed with her views.
i am always optimistic.
it is a positive beginning, she said when asked if such protests would stop now.
making it clear that there would be no let-up in the opposition protests, kharge said it was the government's responsibility to run the house and assailed the treasury benches for the not reaching out to them even once since the monsoon session began on july 21.
taking a swipe at the ruling bjp leaders, he said the opposition was following the traditions set up by the likes of l k advani, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley who had termed disruptions of parliament a legitimate tactic to pressure the government when the saffron party was in the opposition.
rajnath singh's remarks that bjp members had not used placards when it was in opposition was strongly contested by the opposition members.
opposition sources said singh welcomed their suggestion for an all-party meeting.
the opposition has been seeking resignations of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and madhya pradesh and rajasthan chief ministers shivraj singh chouhan and vasundhara raje which has paralysed parliament for two weeks with the government rejecting their demand.
expressing concern over the undignified protests, mahajan rejected the opposition contention that raising of placards by members and going into the well have been happening for long.
a good tradition must start and bad tradition stop, she told them.
if somebody has killed a cow, it does not mean that others should kill the calf, she said quoting a marathi proverb to make her point that in a democracy protest is needed but it should be as per the rules and procedure.
citing the incident in which she had pulled up chowdhury after he banged his placard on her table, she said she saw several young people in the visitor's gallery and felt bad about the impression of parliament they would carry in their mind.
she also rejected the charge that lok sabha tv was blacking out opposition protests and said guidelines to this effect were formulated by the then speaker in 2010 and she had not given any such instructions.
kharge, however, insisted that the onus was on the government to ensure normal functioning of parliament by addressing the issues raised by them and was supported by j p yadav of rjd, kaushalendra kumar (jd-u) and karunakaran of the cpi-m.
bjd's tathagata satpathy accused the government of abdicating its responsibility while he appreciated the perseverance of the speaker to run the house smoothly.
ncp's tariq anwar was also critical of the government for not initiating any dialogue with the opposition to address the issues raised by it.
p karunakaran of the cpi-m said the government should address the issues raised by them.
the constituents of the ruling nda rallied round the government by supporting its call for parliament to function.
parliament must work, anupriya patel of apna dal said.
bangalore, oct 27, 2012, dhns: 1:43 istthe karnataka unit of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has announced that it has no objection to b s yeddyurappa becoming party president or chief minister.
the party, in its renewed efforts to retain the former chief minister in its fold, is despatching a delegation of senior leaders, led by chief minister jagadish shettar to meet central leaders on october 30, for convincing the latter to explore ways to ensure that yeddyurappa does not desert the party.
they are also not averse to yeddyurappa getting a position of his choice.
the sudden u-turn in the partys stand was articulated by bjp state unit president k s eshwarappa while he interacted with reporters on the sidelines of a meeting of the partys sc/st morcha office-bearers here on saturday.
it is learnt that cabinet ministers basavaraj bommai, murugesh nirani, c m udasi and others, who are yeddyurappa loyalists, are not willing to quit the bjp, while their allegiance to the former chief minister is unshaken.
the ministers pressured shettar to convince yeddyurappa to remain in the bjp.
shettar and deputy chief minister r ashoka met yeddyurappa on friday.
yeddyurappa reportedly told them that he found no reason to stay back after all the humiliation he had faced, thanks to some leaders in delhi and the state.
shettar reportedly had no answer to some of the questions raised by yeddyurappa.
yeddyurappa is planning to hold a meeting of party mlas and ministers, who are loyal to him, on october 31 in bangalore.
bjp leaders, especially eshwarappa, are not confident enough of taking on the opposition in the next assembly elections due in april.
with bjp national president nitin gadkari, facing corruption charges, the party will face an uphill task in the elections.
the central leaders may be of little help for the poll campaigning in the state.
hence, the state bjp leaders want yeddyurappa, who has been the face of the bjp for the last four decades, to remain in the party.
so far, eshwarappa had distanced himself from yeddyurappa.
both had stopped sharing dais in meetings.
on saturday, eshwarappa downplayed the rift between pro- and anti-yeddyurappa camps.
he said the central leaders in delhi would requested to persuade yeddyurappa to remain in the bjp.
it is the wish of party workers, leaders and the common man to see that yeddyurappa remains with the bjp.
he is a mass leader.
our stand will be conveyed to national leaders l k advani, arunjaitley , sushma swaraj and nitin gadkari.
i have confidence that yeddyurappa will not leave the party.
anyhow, the leaders in delhi will to take a final call, he said.
eshwarappa will be in the team that will meet the central leaders, along with ministers govind karjol, basavaraj bommai and umesh katti.
yeddyurappa later confirmed that shettar and others met him on friday to request him to give up his decision to float a new party.
but i am clear about my plans.
i am severing my ties with the bjp.
eshwarappa is issuing statements only to create confusion among the workers, he added.
didn't raise ddca issue in ls on sonia's bidding: azadnew delhi, dec 27, 2015, pti: 20:58 istsuspended bjp mp kirti azad today rejected suggestions that he raised the ddca issue in the lok sabha on the instructions of congress president sonia gandhi and said he had only supported his party in its fight against corruption.
accusing me of speaking on cong-pres (congress president's) instructions is undermining the role of the chair i.
e speaker.
the chair decides who will speak, azad said in a tweet.
he also said he had supported the government's stand in parliament.
i supported d (the) govt.
stand in parliament & wish to inform my party bjp spokespersons that no one can speak w/o (without) speaker's permission, he said in another tweet.
the former india cricketer and darbhanga mp's response came days after bjp suspended him for anti-party activities within and outside parliament, lowering the prestige of the party and its office-bearers.
you have colluded with opposition parties, including congress and aap, and embarrassed the party and its office bearers.
you have both inside and outside parliament conducted yourself in a manner which clearly amounts to indiscipline and anti-party activities.
.
.
, a bjp parliamentary board notice to azad read.
while maintaining that bjp was against corruption and it had not shied away from a probe, he had said in lok sabha that instead of disrupting the house, congress should seek a time-bound sit probe into ddca affairs.
azad, who spoke after finance minister arunjaitley even when many bjp leaders were seen asking him to sit down, said if everything was all right about ddca's functioning, the cbi would not have given a notice to it on october 23.
the bjp member noted that the modi government was fighting against corruption but at the same time, said, they (congress) should demand a time-bound probe, cbi, sit probe.
jaitley has rejected allegations of wrongdoing against him by congress members who were seeking his resignation.
booklet, meets to mark govt's 1st yearnew delhi, may 19, 2015, dhns: 0:34 istpublicity efforts: major accomplishments, schemes to be highlightedthe nda government will release a booklet enlisting its major accomplishments and send its key ministers to address a series of press conferences to mark its first year in office.
the publicity efforts would particularly highlight schemes like the pradhan mantri jandhan yojana that links every household in the country with the formal banking system, mudra bank to serve small entrepreneurs and the just-launched pms insurance and pension schemes.
beginning this week, a series of press conferences have been planned for the next 20 days when key ministries like finance, home, external affairs, railways, power, telecom and transport will speak on the progress they have made in the last one year.
finance minister arunjaitley will begin the press conference series by listing out steps taken to make doing business in india easy.
he will also speak on how modis make in india programme has convinced businesses.
commentators are cautious about overplaying the record of modi governments first year in office, especially when indicators like industrial output, inflation and export figures churn out mixed signals.
jaitley, however, would point to the 56 per cent jump in fdi since modis make in india announcement last september as a sign of improving conditions.
sources said ministries are busy drawing up a list of things to mention as their accomplishments in the first year, with the north block housing the finance and home ministries said to be particularly racing against time.
the ministers would take the media hot seat with the feeling that the orchestration of modi governments achievements would create favourable conditions for the bjp in forthcoming bihar polls.
home minister rajnath singh would follow arunjaitley on saturday, while piyush goyal, whose power, coal, new and renewable energy ministries won the adulations of the business community, would speak to the press on may 29.
agriculture minister radha mohan singh and transport minister nitin gadkari are scheduled to address the media following goyal, with petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan, already talking up the removal of bottlenecks in exploration projects in his ministry, would come up before the press later.
the government, on the contrary, would use the opportunity to brag about passing the black money bill to tackle foreign income and assets and the cabinet nod for the benami transaction bill to deal with domestic black money.
customers can pay at petrol pumps via cards post jan 13 too, says pradhannew delhi, jan 9, 2017, (pti) 15:44 istcredit and debit cards will continue to be accepted at petrol pumps even after january 13 without customers having to pay transaction charges, the government said today.
banks and oil companies are in discussions as to who should bear these charges, it said a day after averting a crisis that would have hit millions of people as oil pump owners threatened to stop taking card payments.
merchant discount rate (mdr) charges will be levied as per rbi guidelines but who will take the hit?
banks, oil marketing companies are discussing, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan told reporters after meeting finance minister arunjaitley on the issue.
we had assured yesterday also that since retail outlets, petrol pump owners work as commission agents, we will not pass on the cost to them, he said.
petrol pump operators had yesterday threatened to stop accepting card payments after banks said the transaction charges of up to 1 per cent will have to be borne by them.
the crisis was averted after banks agreed not to insist on transaction charges for five more days, leading to pumps owners deferring their plans till january 13.
pradhan said the government stands by its decision that customers using non-cash digital modes of payments will not have to pay any transaction charge.
also, the 0.
75 per cent discount on fuel rate for using digital payments will continue.
banks and oil marketing companies (omcs) are discussing the issue.
in the coming days a mechanism will be worked out under which customers or petrol pump owners will not bear the cost, he said.
pradhan said the government had in february last year issued a circular saying customers will not have to bear the mdr charges on digital transactions so as to help the country move towards digital transaction and less cash economy.
government will ensure implementation of that decision, he said.
in the coming days whatever digital transactions happens especially in petrol pumps, the burden will not be passed on to customers.
when a card payment is made using a pos machine, service charges are levied.
all stakeholders are discussing who will bear these, he said.
pradhan said the reserve bank of india has come out with a circular on the amount of mdr to be charged for transactions below rs 1,000, those between rs 1,000 and rs 2,000 and those above rs 2,000.
asked if petrol pumps will continue to accept card payments after january 13, he said, they will accept cards.
i want to assure the people of the country who want to do digital transactions in petrol pumps, they will continue to do so.
with omcs already facing rs 5,000 crore hit from having to bear 0.
75 per cent discount on fuel sold using digital modes, pradhan said the numbers are fictional.
it (levying mdr charges on card transactions) is a business model between banks and omcs.
they will decide who will take how much cost, he said.
government will not bear the cost.
card payments involve 2/3 players -- payment gateways, pos machine provider and banks/merchandise outlet.
all these have their own share in the mdr charges.
after negotiations, it will be decided to what extent the mdr charges can be brought down that we are discussing, he said.
pradhan said people can use cards for fuel purchases even after january 13.
0.
75 per cent cash back incentive that we have given to customers will also continue.
it will be resolved before january 13.
bargaining and negotiations are going on.
an amicable solution will be worked out, he said.
new delhi, oct 29, 2015 (pti) 19:25 isthistorians today joined writers, filmmakers and scientists in growing protests against climate of intolerance over which top scientist p m bhargava said he will return his padma bhushan award, alleging modi government was trying to make india into a hindu religious autocracy.
as a second group of scientists joined the wave of protests by the intelligentsia, 53 historians including romila thapar, irfan habib, k n pannikar and mridula mukherjee hit out at prime minister narendra modi for not making any reassuring statement following concerns over highly vitiated atmosphere prevailing in the country.
differences of opinion are being sought to be settled by using physical violence.
arguments are met not with counter arguments but with bullets, the statement by historians said referring to dadri lynching incident and the ink attack on sudheendra kulkarni during a book launch function in mumbai.
when writer after writer is returning their award of recognition in protest, no comment is made about the conditions that caused the protest; instead the ministers call it a paper revolution and advise the writers to stop writing.
this is as good as saying that intellectuals will be silenced if they protest, it said.
bhargava, who founded the prestigious centre for cellular and molecular biology in hyderabad, said he will return the award conferred on him in 1986 because he felt the climate in the country was of very strong fear and it was against rationality, against reason and against scientific temper.
i have decided to return the award.
the reason is that the present government is moving away from the path of democracy, moving towards the path of making the country hindu religious autocracy just like pakistan.
this is not acceptable.
.
.
something i find unacceptable, the 87-year-old scientist told pti in hyderabad.
he alleged that appointments to various positions are being made with people who have some connection with rss.
charging the modi government with not keeping its promises, bhargava said, returning the award is the only thing i can do as a scientist.
bjp is a political front of rss.
.
.
master is rss.
there was a csir meeting (directors) wherein rss people attended it.
this never happened in the history of csir.
i will return the award next week, he said.
bhargava's decision came even as he joined a second group of scientists who came out with an online statement expressing concern over the climate of intolerance.
it is the same climate of intolerance, and rejection of reason that has led to the lynching in dadri of mohammad akhlaq saifi and the assassinations of prof kalburgi, dr. narendra dabholkar and shri govind pansare, said the scientists and academicians including bhargava and other padma bhushan recipients ashoke sen, p balram, madabusi raghunathan, and d balasubramanian, a padma shri awardee.
they protested the active promotion of irrational and sectarian thought by important functionaries of government.
union minister arunjaitley , however, hit back at those returning awards, saying they were rabid anti-bjp elements and called it a manufactured rebellion.
follow their tweets and their stances on various social and political issues.
you will find a lot of rabid anti-bjp elements in them.
i had already called it a manufactured rebellion.
i stand by my phrase.
5 to 8 crore families, out of the total 25 crore households in the country, have been brought under the centre's social security schemes launched so far.
in the last 10-12 days, 7.
5 to 8 crore families have been covered under the life insurance and accidental insurance schemes initiated by us.
this country has 25 crore families and out of that 7.
poor people can not be merely helped by distributing resources in a poll year.
prime minister narendra modi had recently launched accidental insurance and life insurance schemes in kolkata to bring poor people in social security net.
there is no social security in india.
apart from the government servants, we are not a pensioned society.
we have given a thrust on national pension scheme (nps), which would be given after 60 years of age.
after you, it would be given to other family members, wife or your heir.
there would have been tax-exemption, he added.
now, under the atal pension yojana, the weaker section of the society, who can only pay premium of rs 150-250, and if they pay that sum also during their service period.
.
.
the centre's goods and services tax (gst) collection in february declined to a two-month low of rs 85,170 crore with only about 60 lakh of 1.
05 crore assesses filing returns.
officials are however hopeful of the collections moving upward after composition dealers file their quarterly return in march.
at least 1.
05 crore taxpayers have been registered under gst till march 25.
out of these, 18.
17 lakh are composition dealers that are required to file returns every quarter and the rest of 86.
37 lakh taxpayers are required to file monthly returns.
of the total gst collections, rs 14,945 crore has been collected as central gst, rs 20,456 crore as state gst and rs 42,456 crore have been collected as integrated gst and rs 7,317 crore as compensation cess, the finance ministry said in a statement.
officials said they are hopeful of an increased collection in the coming months after the e-way bill is implemented.
the e-way bill system for inter-state movement of goods under gst will be re-introduced from april 1.
about 18.
17 lakh composition dealers are required to file returns every quarter.
the tax officials said after the quarterly returns, the gst revenues will shore up.
gst collections were rs 86,318 crore in january and rs 86,703 crore in december.
budget belies public expectations, say congress, jd(s)feb 2, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 2:14 istthere has been a mixed reaction in the political circles in the state to the budget proposals presented by union finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday.
state congress president g parameshwara termed the budget as anti-development.
the centre has not announced any new scheme in the annual financial statement.
though the centre used to speak at length about curbing black money, it has not announced any measure in this regard.
the centre has not announced any infrastructure project to bengaluru city.
jaitley has disappointed all sections of society, he added.
state jd(s) president h d kumaraswamy said there were a lot of expectations from the people about high ticket announcements in thebudget, but the centre had let them down.
it is one of the worst budgets ever presented.
there are no new programmes for the farmers and the youth, the two sectors which the centre claimed were being given the highest priority, kumaraswamy said.
state bjp president b s yeddyurappa said the budget proposals will help the poor, the middle class and farmers.
he said that the budget had a vision to double the income of farmers in the next five years.
revenue mobilisation has been enhanced without burdening the common man, he said.
bjp leader and former chief minister jagadish shettar said the decision to cut income tax rate from 10  to 5  for income up to rs 5 lakh per annum will benefit the common man.
the decision to merge the railway budget with the general budget is historic, he added.
cm terms budget incrementalchief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday termed the union budget 2017-18 as incremental.
addressing a press conference at the dasara exhibition grounds, he said the budget is not development-oriented and does not have scope for job creation, reports dhns from mysuru.
there are no major changes in the schemes.
the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes was to divert the peoples attention from the failure of the prime ministers achhe din concept.
the rich and corrupt are not affected by demonetisation.
but the poor, farmers and labourers are the worst hit.
there is no growth in income tax revenue.
according to the revised estimate, income tax revenue is 17 , the same as last year, he added.
siddaramaiah said that though many states are reeling under severe drought, the centre has not announced any benefit to manage the situation.
it has not announced any major projects even for the agriculture sector and farmers.
cars, air travel, garments to be costliernew delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns: 0:43 istcars, locally-made mobiles, branded garments, air travel, mineral water, aerated drinks, cigarettes and smart watches are the among items that will be costlier, while footwear, solar lamps and routers are slated to cost less due to changes in tax structure in the budget 2016-17.
as a result of a new levy, krishi kalyan cess, on all services, activities including eating out, watching movies in theaters and payment of bills, will also become more expensive.
even the prices of all tobacco products will go up with the imposition of 15 per cent excise duty.
the pollution and traffic situation in indian cities is a matter of concern.
i propose to levy an infrastructure cess, of 1 per cent on small petrol, lpg, cng cars, 2.
petrol / lpg / cng-driven vehicles of length not exceeding 4 metres and engine capacity not exceeding 1,200cc would attract a cess of 1 per cent.
diesel-driven vehicles of length not exceeding 4 metre and engine capacity not exceeding 1,500cc will attract a cess of 2.
5 per cent, while other higher engine capacity and suvs and bigger sedans would be levied at 4 per cent.
moreover, cars priced above rs 10 lakh will also attract tax of 1 per cent at source.
i also propose to collect tax at source at the rate of 1 per cent on purchase of luxury cars exceeding value of rs 10 lakh and purchase of goods and services in cash exceeding rs two lakh, arunjaitley added.
even air travel will become expensive due increase in excise duty on aviation turbine fuel (atf).
soft drinkssoft drinks and mineral water will also be dearer as arunjaitley proposed to hike excise duty on water including mineral water, aerated water containing added sugar or sweetening matter to 21 per cent from 18 per cent earlier.
branded ready-made garments costing rs 1,000 or more will become costlier as the excise duty on them has been increased to 2 per cent without cenvat credit from nil earlier.
customs duty on imported imitation jewellery and industrial solar water heater has increased.
locally manufactured mobiles will become costlier by about 1 per cent because government has imposed duty on imported circuit boards used in them.
legal services to cost moreavailing of legal services through senior advocates or legal firms will cost more as such activity will no longer be exempted from service tax with arunjaitley proposing a levy of 14 per cent.
travelling by hiring air-conditioned stage carriage, hiring of agency to pack and move household items and shifting premises, imported golf cars, lottery tickets, imported e-reading devices will be expensive.
other items that will become dearer include instruments for voip (voice over internet protocol) and refined gold bars manufactured from gold dore bars.
cheaperon the other hand, footwear, solar lamps, router, broadband modems and set top boxes will become cheaper.
digital video recorder and cctv cameras, hybrid electric vehicles, micro-ovens produced in the country became cheaper.
in order to bring down the cost of kidney dialysis of patients suffering from end-stage renal disease, excise duty on disposable sterilised dialyser from been reduced to nil from 12.
5 per cent earlier.
this follows the apex court's order tuesday directing the government to reveal the account holders' names by wednesday.
in an affidavit monday, the government disclosed the names of three people, including industrialist pradeep burman, who have bank accounts in foreign countries and are now under the lens of income tax authorities.
jaitley had earlier said the names would be disclosed as and when the cases are filed in court.
jaitley hints at more spending cutsmumbai, feb 6, 2015 (pti) 12:48 isthaving already crossed the fiscal deficit target in november, finance minister arunjaitley today hinted at more cuts in spending so as to contain it within limits for the current fiscal, saying he does not believe in living on borrowed money.
we're trying to rationalise expenditure as far as the government is concerned because we do not want the government to live on borrowed money indefinitely, he told a gathering of industrialists and planners here via video conferencing.
the whole concept of spending beyond your means and leaving the next generation in debt to repay what we are overspending today is never prudent fiscal policy, he said.
the additionally hinted spending cuts would be over and above 10 per cent that the government has already announced to meet the budgeted 4.
1 per cent fiscal deficit target which was crossed in november itself -- four months ahead of the end of the financial year on march 31.
ahead of the budget 2015-16 to be unveiled later this month, arunjaitley hinted at a stable tax regime, saying that 'no unfair effort' will be made by states and the centre to mop up revenues.
stating that the past ten years were a decade of missed opportunities, he said the government is determined to pursue the path of reforms.
we could have been on the faster track if we had kept up the momentum from 1991 to 2004.
but a series of indecisions and wrong decisions created a situation for us where we were almost missing the opportunity.
but history has revisited that opportunity to us, and the present government is very determined to doggedly pursue a path of reforms and take india to a high growth trajectory, jaitely said, and sought the active co-operation of the industry and policy makers.
on reforms, he said power, energy, railways and ports will be high on priority for the government and hinted at more public investment into these sectors.
new delhi, dec 21, 2015, dhns 8:27 istthe delhi government on sunday decided to set up an inquiry commission headed by former solicitor general of india gopal subramaniam to probe into alleged irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal broke the news on twitter.
sh gopal subramaniam agrees to chair commission of enquiry on ddca scam, he said.
earlier, the government wrote a letter to subramaniam for accepting responsibility as the head of the commission.
the commission was formed within hours of former cricketer and bjp mp kirti azad demanding a probe by the enforcement directorate into the ddca scam involving bogus firms.
the aap governments decision to constitute the inquiry to reach to the roots of alleged corruption in ddca was backed by delhis deputy chief minister manish sisodia who told reporters that the cbi was putting pressure on principal secretary rajendra kumar to reveal name of the ddca official who gave a note to the kejriwal government to expose the wrongdoings.
he said the note shared by the ddca official mentioned that finance minister arunjaitley , in a meeting with ddca functionaries, assured them that he would get the matters raised by the serious fraud investigation office compounded.
since they have control over the police, arunjaitley also assured the ddca officials that he would get criminal cases registered by the police dropped, he said.
we are not opposed to kumars questioning by the cbi but we will oppose attempts to mount pressure on kumar in a bid to suppress the probe into ddca affairs, sisodia said.
cbi threatening him the cbi is threatening him to reveal the name of the ddca functionary or else his career and life will be harmed, he said.
even after six days of questioning, the cbi has not found anything controversial against kumar.
repeating the aap governments claim on the purpose behind the raid, sisodia said: we are sticking to the stand that the real target of the raid in the secretariat was kejriwal and not kumar.
he also slammed jaitely for praising the tenure of former chief minister sheila dikshit in the city while comparing it with kejriwal.
it is no surprise that he praised dikshitunder whose tenure the ddca fraud happenedand not kejriwal whose efforts have brought the wrongdoings in the public domain, sisodia said.
new delhi, dec 16, 2015, (pti): 11:46 istdelhi chief minister arvind kejriwal's principal secretary rajendra kumar was questioned again by the cbi today in connection with a corruption case.
the ias officer arrived at the cbi building at around 9.
40 am for the second round of examination in connection with the case of alleged corruption registered against him and six others on december 14.
kumar, a 1989-batch ias officer of agmut cadre, was questioned by the cbi for about seven hours late last night after the probe agency sleuths raided his delhi secretariat office, triggering a political storm between delhi government and the centre.
the cbi said that it has registered a case against kumar and others on allegations against the officer that he abused his official position by favouring a particular firm in the last few years in getting tenders from delhi government departments.
kumar has been booked under 120-b of ipc (criminal conspiracy), and 13(2), 13(1)(d) of the prevention of corruption act (criminal conspiracy, criminal misconduct etc) for allegedly favouring a private company in five contracts worth rs 9.
5 crore during 2007-14.
cbi carried out searches at 14 places connected with kumar in the national capital, including his residence, and various locations in uttar pradesh.
the agency has claimed to have recovered about rs 16 lakh, including rs 2.
4 lakh in cash, foreign currency of the value of rs 3 lakh from the residence of kumar.
the allegations against kumar were raised by ashish joshi, former member secretary, delhi dialogue commission, the cbi said.
as opposition attacked the centre over the cbi action, the agency went on an overdrive to convey that the raids were being undertaken after following a due a process of law which included getting a search warrant from the competent court.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal had yesterday called prime minister narendra modi a psychopath and coward after the raids and targeted finance minister arunjaitley over alleged corruption in delhi's cricket body under his watch.
gowda questions bjp's moral right in seeking pm's resignationlast updated: 07 january, 2011bangalore, jan 7 (pti) 17:03 istjds chief h d deve gowda on friday took a dig at central bjp leaders for demanding prime minister manmohan singh's resignation over bofors pay offs while maintaining 'silence' over corruption charges against the party's chief minister in karnataka.
what moral right do they have to speak on manmohan singh?
if they have minimum decency and an iota of shame, b s yeddyurappa should have been asked to step down, the former prime minister said, continuing his tirade against the yeddyurappa government.
lashing out at bjp for its 'silence' over the 'scams', gowda said, for rs 41 crore, they say it is a scandal.
in karnataka the scandals amount to rs one lakh crore.
it is one of the heinous act of the bjp central leadership to support this century's scam government.
gowda said he had sent a booklet his party has brought out on 'corruption' in yeddyurappa government to senior leaders of bjp including, l k advani, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley.
targeting arunjaitley , who is one of the in-charges of bjp affairs in karnataka, he said he was not talking about the corruption charges faced by yeddyurappa.
he claimed that when arunjaitley called on governor h r bhardwaj recently, he was provided with documentary evidence on scandals of yeddyurappa government and added but still, he (jaitley) does not want to speak on them.
a day after congress permitted its karnataka unit to tie up with jds to rule zilla and taluk panchayats which have returned a fractured verdict in recent polls, gowda urged all secular parties to come together to take the fight against the bjp government to the logical end.
no question of showing mercy.
it should quit, gowda insisted.
training his guns on yeddyurappa, gowda quipped, the chief minister calls the opposition stalling governor's address as murder of democracy.
a day after panchayat election results are out, bjp launched 'operation lotus' (allegedly luring opposition members to switch sides), which act is really a murder of democracy?
he charged that bjp had stretched its new experiment of 'defection' to local bodies too, and slammed the party's efforts to 'lure' opposition members in raichur and bellary districts.
new delhi, feb 1, 2017 (pti) 17:25 istopposition today denounced the union budget with rahul gandhi saying it lacked a clear vision and had nothing for farmers, youths and job creation while mamata banerjee dubbed it as clueless, useless and heartless and questioned why no data on demonetisation was given.
terming the budget as contractionary and a complete gimmick, the left parties alleged that the figures given by the finance minister do not match the reality.
the opposition parties also accused the government of bringing the budget proposals keeping in mind the assembly polls in five states and indulging in jugglery of words and numbers.
however, the government's proposal to cleanse political funding by bringing in transparency did find favour with most of them.
we were expecting fireworks, instead it was a damp squib.
it is just 'sher-o-shayari' in the budget.
there is nothing for farmers and youth and nothing for job creation.
there is no clear vision, no idea, congress vice-president rahul gandhi said soon after finance minister arunjaitley presented the budget.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, whose trinamool congress boycotted the first two days of the budget session to protest against demonetisation, claimed the budget has no road map and is full of hollow words.
a controversial #budget2017 which is clueless, useless, baseless, missionless and actionless.
heartless no roadmap for the country or the future from a government that has lost all its credibility, banerjee said in a tweet.
tax payers still have restrictions on withdrawals.
remove all restrictions immediately.
and where are the figures for #demonetisation?
misleading.
full of jugglery of numbers and hollow words which mean nothing, she said.
jd(u) leader sharad yadav also said the government did not touch upon the issue of how much black money has been recovered post demonetisation.
rahul was appreciative of proposals on political funding, saying any step to clean political funding will be supported by us.
at the same time, congress leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge said the proposals to cleanse political system do not specify how the government plans to implement it.
they have promised all these things keeping polls in five states in mind.
they have not said anything for farmers, youth, women.
they have accepted that gdp growth has gone down, kharge said.
on rail budget, rahul said, modi had promised the bullet train.
where is the bullet train now?
railways' fundamental problem is safety.
cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury termed the budget as contractionary.
it an example of finance minister joining the prime minister and the bjp president to create 'jumlas' (phrases used as rhetoric).
the budget is a classic example of that.
it won't boost employment or generate demand.
the idea of infrastructure development is a farce because the data given by the fm is not related to reality, does not match to what he said in his speech, yechury said.
bjd leader in lok sabha bhartruhari mahtab wondered from where the revenue would come for the government at a time when the manufacturing growth is coming down.
he, as also his party colleage tathagata satpathy, said more relief should have been given to the middle income group.
mahtab said that with the implementation of seventh pay commission recommendations, it had become essential to give benefit to salaried and fixed income groups.
satpathy said that the fm handled the demon part of demonetisation through smooth language and smattering of poetry.
mahtab, however, said greater thrust on infrastructure and investment in rural development was welcome.
trinamool congress not to attend parliament on budget daynew delhi, jan 30, 2017, (pti) 11:19 isttrinamool congress, which is angry over the arrest of its two mps by cbi in connection with the chitfund scam, will not attend parliament on february 1 when the budget is presented, citing saraswati puja on that day as the reason.
trinamool will also not attend the all-party meeting convened by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan this evening ahead of the budget session of parliament beginning tomorrow.
trinamool will not attend parliament on february 1 because of saraswati puja which is a big day in bengal, party leader and mp derek o'brien told pti.
he said that on saraswati puja, day, there is a custom of keeping away from work and not even touching the tools.
saraswati puja is beyond a religious festival.
it is a socio-cultural festival of bengal, he added.
budget will be presented by finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday.
about not attending this evening's all-party meeting, he said this was because trinamool supremo and west bengal chief minister mamata banshee had called a meeting of party mps for today 10 days back.
asked whether the party was boycotting these proceedings or just skipping, he replied, it is open for your interpretation.
trinamool congress has been angry over the arrest of its two mps sudip bandyopadhyay and tapas pal by cbi in connection with the rose valley group chit fund scam.
new delhi, jan 21, 2017, (pti), 20:19 istbjp mp varun gandhi and its former uttar pradesh unit president vinay katiyar are missing from the party's list of star campaigners for the first two phases of the state assembly polls.
names of bjp veterans like l k advani and murli manohar joshi, who is a lok sabha member from the state, also do not figure in the list of 40 star campaigners, including prime minister narendra modi, party chief amit shah, home minister rajnath singh besides a number of state leaders like yogi adityanath, uma bharti, sanjeev balyan and kalraj mishra.
varun gandhi's mother maneka gandhi is also among the star campaigners.
defence minister manohar parrikar's name is not in the list.
varun gandhi's has enjoyed uneven relation with the party leadership while katiyar, a key leader during the ram temple movement, has been at the margins of state politics for long after once heading the party.
the other names include union ministers arunjaitley , venkaiah naidu, smriti irani, nitin gadkari, piyush goyal, mukhtar abbas naqvi, mahesh sharma, ljp chief ram vilas paswan, a bjp ally, hema malini and v k singh.
the list also include names of sadhvi niranjan jyoti, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
swami prasad maurya, who left bsp to join bjp, has also been included among the key campaigners.
the first phase of up assembly polls will be held on february 11 while the second phase will commence from february 15.
the first two phases cover mostly the western up.
five remaining phases will be held on february 19, 23, 27, march 4 and 8.
two top bcci officials quitmumbai/ bangalore: may 31, 2013 dhns 2:59 istjagdale, shirke decision puts pressure on srinithe board of control for cricket in india (bcci) plunged into a deep crisis on friday with two of its senior functionaries resigning, following reports of an international cricket council (icc) warning specifically on gurunath meiyappans links with bookies.
bcci secretary sanjay jagdale and treasurer ajay shirke tendered their resignations after it emerged that the icc, through its anti-corruption wing, had issued a warning in april  though bcci denied receiving any such alert from the icc  about chennai super kings meiyappan keeping company with dubious people.
the resignations have also left bcci president n srinivasan with not much options other than resigning.
its learnt that more key officials of the bcci may resign on saturday with four vice-presidents (niranjan shah (west), sudhir dabir (central), arunjaitley (north) and shivlal yadav (south) too keen on quitting their posts.
chitrak mitra, vice-president from east zone, was initially eager to join the others but later stated that he was not stepping down.
srinivasan had taken refuge behind the three-member inquiry committee announced by the bcci to investigate into the allegations.
now, even that has come under a cloud with jagdale stating that he was quitting the panel as well.
i have resigned from the post of secretary of the bcci.
i am deeply hurt by the recent developments in indian cricket.
let some new faces come and take the responsibility.
i have also expressed my inability to join the probe, jagdale said.
shirke, seen as another supporter of srinivasan, had come under increasing pressure over the last two days.
yes, i have resigned.
i have spelt out my reason to the media several times and dont want to comment any more, he said.
the resignations came soon after srinivasan convened an emergency meeting of the bcci working committee to discuss the issue next week, against the wishes of jagdale and shirke who wanted an immediate meeting.
in consultation with office-bearers, the president has decided to call for a working committee meeting next week, bcci general manager for game development, ratnakar shetty, told reporters in mumbai.
dramatic turnthe issue unravelled in a dramatic manner in the evening with reports of the international cricket council warning flashing on television channels.
the world body, however, quickly responded by saying that it wont comment on the matter.
but the mumbai police threw more light.
the police unofficially spoke about transcripts of a telephonic conversation between meiyappan and vindoo dara singh, wherein the former is heard cautioning the latter with regard to the icc alert.
be careful, i have been warned, meiyappan had told vindoo.
the transcripts also revealed meiyappan seeking advice from vindoo on which spots should bets be laid.
the police revelation may stir the pot further with more players likely to come under the scanner.
bengaluru, nov 25, 2015, (pti) 17:32 iston the eve of winter session of parliament, rahul gandhi today said congress strongly believed in gst, but government should reach out to the opposition on certain issues, including the cap on rate.
the congress vice president outlined the party's stand on the contentious goods and service tax(gst) bill even as he made an all-round attack on the modi government calling it much worse than suit-boot-ki-sarkar.
the nda government is keen to push key reforms legislations like the stalled gst bill in the winter session.
fielding questions on a wide range of issues during an interaction with students of a women's college here, gandhi also spoke on the rising intolerance, saying it disturbs him as an indian, higlighting that live and let live was the country's biggest strength.
targeting narendra modi, gandhi said he believes the country could be run from the prime minister's office (pmo) and that he alone could transform the country.
the interaction was the first in the series of gandhi's outreach to the students across the campuses in the country.
targetting modi's style of functioning, gandhi said there were very few people with decision making powers at the centre and one man decides evey single decision.
.
.
.
one man can't have all the answers.
.
.
, he said, adding dialogue was very important.
asked about gst, which is hanging fire for the last several years, gandhi said, we strongly believe in gst.
he said gst and other bills were very important but the government's approach has to be one of reaching out to the opposition.
speaking to reporters later, gandhi said the congress would raise in parliament the issues of rising intolerance, which was very disturbing, gst and also prime minister's silence on various issues.
questioned why the gst bill was being stalled, he said it was congress which brought it forward and .
.
.
we are for gst.
.
.
we support gst.
.
.
but, he noted, the bjp had opposed it and blocked it for three years with finance minister arunjaitley , then in the opposition, even justifying blocking parliament as a strategy.
gandhi said there were three differences between bjp and congress on gst.
they related to cap on tax to be charged, dispute resolution and one per cent tax on inter-state sales (doing away with it).
he said government had to accept the fact that congress sits in parliament, congress has a view and congress has 20 per cent hope (referring to the people's mandate).
attacking the modi government for not having conversation with the opposition, he said the prime minister had not even once picked up phone and spoken to any congress leader, which his predecessor manmohan singh used to do.
asked about debate on rising intolerance particularly in the context of controversial remarks of bollywood superstar aamir khan, he said blanket attack does not give any solution.
shouting at people is very easy but much more powerful thing would be listen to someone.
.
.
let us have conversation.
i don't like what is happening on intolerance.
it disturbs me as an indian, gandhi said.
a student asked gandhi about his frequent suit-boot-ki-sarkar jibes at the modi government, questioning what was wrong with suit and boot ki sarkar as long as it took steps to improve the economy.
faulting the government for the way it was operating, he said modi had promised creation of two crore jobs a year.
it is perfectly okay if the government focussed on large businesses and produced jobs but the benefits should reach the poor.
but the government had slashed expenditure on welfare schemes, including on education and health care, he said.
all that the government was doing was giving contracts to large business people, that too five or six corporates close to the dispensation, which was much worse than a suit-boot-ki-sarkar.
it is 5 or 6 suit boots ki sarkar.
he said the economy was in the doldrums and the country was not moving.
suit-boot-ki-sarkar is failing.
.
it has completely failed.
.
.
gandhi said a group of foreign investors had met him recently and he asked them if they were happy with the modi government.
they had told him that nothing has happened and it is not working.
in his opening remarks, gandhi said the central difference between the bjp and rss and congress was that his party wanted to speak to every single person even with whom it does not agree.
but they did not believe in conversation.
gandhi raked up the prolonged strike by film and television institute of india(ftii) students over the appointment of gajendra chauhan as its chairman, saying they were told to shut up, dalit children being called dogs by a union minister (v k singh) over the haryana incident and the dadri killing over beef eating rumours.
annapurna singh, dh news service, new delhi, jun 13 2017, 15:29 istthe centre is determined to roll out the goods and services tax (gst) from july one although rumours are agog that the implementation of india's most significant indirect tax reform since 1947 may get delayed by a month or two.
the rumours about gst implementation being delayed are false.
please do not be misled by it, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia tweeted after the news was spread on the social media of a possibility of the deadline being breached.
jaitley's remark came after west bengal finance minister amit mitra had raised serious doubts over the possibility of gst roll out from july one saying that the goods and services tax network (gstn) was not ready to handle the large volumes of forms that would be received.
a body of small traders the confederation of all india traders (cait) too expressed its inability to adhere to the july one deadline saying the preparedness at the level of small businesses is one of the major challenges.
the proposed gst taxation system is entirely based on technology where not even a single paper will be used.
the basic fundamentals of raising invoices, procedure of availing input credit, integration of goods & services, compulsory rating of each entity registered under gst are some of the key issues which are entirely different from current vat tax regime, cait has said.
it said nearly 60  of small businesses in the country have been devoid of digital technology and they cannot comply with gst from july one.
empowerment of such large number of traders with technology in such a short span of time when only 19 days are left is quite impossible, it said in a statement on tuesday.
new delhi: dec 24, 2015, dhns 2:23 istcricketer-turned-mp says bad for party, not mecracking the whip on dissenters, the bjp on wednesday suspended cricketer-turned-mp kirti azad for indulging in anti-party activities by dragging finance minister arunjaitley into the delhi & district cricket association (ddca) corruption case.
in a one-line statement issued to the media by general-secretary arun singh, the party stated that azad has been suspended with immediate effect.
the order stated: over the past few months, you have breached party discipline and indulged in anti-party activities.
inside and outside parliament, you conducted yourself in a manner that amounts to indiscipline and anti-party activities.
you made several statements to carry out a false propaganda.
so the parliamentary board has suspended you from the party membership.
the bjp seems to have also taken into account statements made by azad when the lalit modi controversy broke out.
the darbhanga mp had tweeted that an insider was leaking information about external affairs minister sushma swarajs reported support to the disgraced former ipl commissioner when he was trying to seek travel documents in the uk.
reacting to the suspension order, azad said in ahmedabad: i did not say anything against anyone personally.
what anti-party activity have i done?
i have been raising this issue for the last 9 years, they should have taken cognisance then itself.
he also denied teaming up with the aam aadmi party or the congress to raise the ddca issue.
when asked about his next move, azad said wait and watch and added that suspension is bad for the party, not me.
the party cracked the whip a day after prime minister narendra modi defended arunjaitley and said the finance minister would come out clean in the same manner as patriarch l k advani had in the hawala case.
the bjp decided to take action as party chief amit shah had warned azad about a week ago not to publicly hit out at his old rival arunjaitley , but he went ahead and held a press conference on sunday revealing details of corruption in the construction of the feroz shah kotla stadium.
party leaders are now wondering whether action will be initiated against other dissenters, especially shatrughan sinha, who attacked the party leadership for the bihar poll debacle.
earlier in the day, sinha, who hailed azad as hero of the day, suggested that arunjaitley should resign and emerge clean like advani.
as advised by our dashing dynamic pm, our fm cud follow advanijis eg & come clean (sic), sinha tweeted.
centre's backing to 8 schemes to endnew delhi: feb 28, 2015, dhns: 4:51 istthe centre will be spending less on many schemes than hitherto after this years budget.
that is because eight centrally-sponsored schemes stand delinked from support of the centre.
nearly 24 schemes are to be run with the changed sharing pattern while 31 schemes will get full support of the centre, said finance minister arun jaitley.
therefore, the plan outlay of 2015-16 reflects the compositional shift in the allocations for various programmes and schemes in view of high devolution  42 per cent of union taxes to states as per the recommendation of 14th finance commission.
jaitley told a talkathon organised by doordarshan news and anchored by author chetan bhagat that, consequent to this substantially higher devolution, many schemes on the state subjects are to be delinked from central support.
however, the centre has decided that it will continue to contribute to such schemes.
besides, the schemes mandated by legal obligations and those backed by cess collection have been fully provided for.
as per the budget 2015-16, the centre has decided to support fully those schemes that are targeted to the benefits of socially disadvantaged group.
in case of some centrally sponsored schemes, the centre-state funding pattern will undergo a change with states to contribute higher share.
details of changes in sharing pattern will have to be worked out by administrative ministry/department.
the details of plan outlays in 2015-16 are to be seen against this backdrop.
the schemes that are to be fully supported by the centre include mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mgnrega), multi-sectoral development programme for minorities (msdp), pre-matric scholarship for children of those engaged in unclean occupation, scholarship schemes (post and pre-matric) for sc, st and obcs, national programme for persons with disabilities, scheme for providing education to minorities, and umbrella scheme for education of st children.
new delhi, mar 29, 2017, (pti) 19:15 istthe government today faced a major embarrassment in the rajya sabha as five amendments moved by the opposition to the finance bill 2017 were adopted before the house approved the measure.
of the five opposition amendments, three were moved by the congress member digvijaya singh and two by sitaram yechury of cpi(m).
the amendments were adopted with a significant margin, with the difference of votes ranging between 27 and 34 votes.
trinamool congress, which has 10 members, staged a walkout before the voting in the house where the ruling nda is in a minority.
in the 245-member house, the bjp has 56 members while the nda jointly has 74 members.
earlier, while replying to the debate, finance minister arunjaitley strongly defended the government's endeavour to make aadhaar compulsory for access to various benefits, saying it was necessary to check frauds, including tax evasion.
while talking about aadhaar, he admitted that it was a great initiative of the previous upa government and said the nda dispensation is expanding it.
earlier, some of us had doubts over aadhaar.
.
.
some of your people (in congress) also had doubts.
responding to repeated questions by the congress members as to why aadhaar was being made mandatory, he countered by asking why this technology should not be utilised since it was created for public benefit.
congress leader p chidamabaram asked whether the government could give guarantee that the aadhaar details would not be leaked through hacking.
to this, the finance minister said while hacking could not be ruled out, the firewalls should be made stronger.
if the firewalls can be broken and hacking can take place, the hacking can take place anywhere, he said, adding hacking does not take place because of aadhaar and referred to such an incident that took place at the pentagon in the us.
for this reason, the technology cannot be discredited, he said.
one of the amendments moved by digvijaya singh related to a clause which gave powers to an assistant commissioner of income tax, rather than the commissioner as prescribed earlier, to order searches.
he said junior officers should not be given such powers since the income tax department is already notorious in terms of corruption.
yechury's two amendments related to a clause linked to political funding.
the amended finance bill, which contains provisions for taxation, will now have to be considered again by the lok sabha, which can either accept or reject the amendments.
if it rejects the amendments, the bill is deemed to have been passed by parliament.
jaitley also responded to questions over changes proposed to the income tax laws and asserted that any source who reports about any tax evasion, cannot be allowed to be identified.
the finance minister said it authorities will conduct searches on the basis of satisafction note which will only be dislcosed to the courts and not the target of the investigation.
the provision is aimed at protecting the whistleblower which can be a trade union leader, a disgruntled employee or a dissatisfied partner.
his assurances, however, did not cut ice with the opposition which kept asking questions.
former finance minister p chidambaram's suggestion that the satisfaction note should be shared without disclosing the source of information was rejected by arunjaitley , who argued that sharing of the note could be used to track the source of information.
nobody can search without satisfactory note.
he emphasised the changes in the finance bill are against economic offenders and for protection of whistle blowers.
oppn for passage of bills; gst still stucknew delhi, dec 18, 2015, dhns: 0:51 istgovt agrees to discussions on price rise, flood, droughtthe nda government and the opposition on friday called truce in the rajya sabha and agreed to pass a number of bills and take up discussions on issues, including controversial role of governors, in the final three days of the winter session of parliament.
the rajya sabha deadlock was broken after chairman mohd hamid ansari took the initiative to bring the warring parties to the table.
at the all-party meeting convened by ansari, the centre and opposition, however, could not reach an agreement on the goods and services tax (gst) bill.
some of the bills on which the congress has committed support, such as the sc/st bill, will be passed along with appropriation bill, leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad told reporters.
the anti-hijacking bill, the atomic energy amendment bill, the commercial courts ordinance, and the arbitration and conciliation amendment bill are expected to be passed during the last three days.
the opposition has also extracted its pound of flesh by forcing the government to agree to have discussions on price rise, impact of flood and drought on agriculture, incidents of intolerance and motion against governors.
besides azad, the meeting was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , cpm leader sitaram yechury, jd(u) leader k c tyagi and leaders from other political parties.
all of them decided that the house should function.
it has been decided to pass the pending government bills even by sitting late, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said.
however, the much-delayed gst bill did not figure during the meeting.
jaitley did appeal to the opposition parties to pass the constitution amendment bill as well during the meeting but it did not evoke a favourableresponse.
no consensuseverybody is aware that there is no consensus on gst.
not only congress but some other parties also have some reservations, azad said.
the gst bill, which has already been passed by the lok sabha, must be passed by the rajya sabha by december 23 and then sent to the states for passage to enable the gst regime to be rolled out by april 1, 2016.
at the outset, ansari expressed his displeasure over repeated disruptions in the rajya sabha which threatened the current session to go down in history as the most unproductive one.
now, market to fund higher educationnew delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns 1:07 istthe government on monday announced setting up of a non-profit organisation which will leverage funds from the market to finance the infrastructure augmentation of the countrys top higher educational institutions.
higher education financing agency will be set up with an initial capital base of rs 1,000 crore, finance minister arunjaitley said while presenting the union budget for the next fiscal in parliament.
the funds will be supplemented with donations including funds from india inc under corporate social responsibility (csr).
opening of 62 new navodaya vidyalayas in un-served districts and creation of a digital depository for safe storage and retrieval of educational certificates of students were other key announcements made by the minister.
the human resource development (hrd) ministry, however, saw an increase in its budgetary allocations by just 4.
80  for the fiscal 2016-17 with allocation of 72,394 crore, against rs 69074.
76 crore earmarked last year.
jaitley told the house that measures to improve the quality of education in the country would be the next big step by the narendra modi government.
after universalisation of primary education throughout the country, we want to take the next big step forward by focusing on the quality of education.
an increasing share of allocation under sarva shiksha abhiyan will be allocated for this, he said.
focus on qualityreiterating the governments commitment to empower higher educational institutions, the minister also said ten public and ten private institutions will be supported so that they emerge as world-class teaching and research institutions.
for this, an enabling regulatory architecture will be provided and detailed scheme will be formulated, he added.
according to demands of grants for 2016-17, the government increased the budgetary allocations for the hrd ministrys school education and adult literacy department by a little over 3 , earmarking a total of rs 43,554.
the department of higher education, however, witnessed a little over 7  increase in its budgetary allocations over that of last year, with the government earmarking rs 28,840 crore to the department for 2016-17.
last year, the hrd ministry had seen over 15  cut in its budget allocations for 2015-16 with the government on saturday allocating a total of rs 69,074 crore for both higher education and school education, less than over rs 12,000 crore earmarked for 2014-15.
the higher education department had suffered nearly 3  cut in its allocations, compared to that of 2014-15, with the government earmarking a total of rs 26855.
26 crore to it for 2015-16.
ready for snap polls: bjpnew delhi, july 8, 2013 (ians) 18:06 istindicating that early polls seemed likely, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) monday said it was ready for snap polls, if the situation arises.
talking to reporters after a meeting of the bjp parliamentary board, party leader ananth kumar said the party was now in election mode.
prime minister manmohan singh and sonia gandhi are uncertain of the support of their allies, and because of the pressure from its allies and their internal divide, the congress can go for early elections, ananth kumar told reporters.
if they do so, we are ready for snap polls, he said, adding that corruption, economic situation of the country, and the failure of the congress-led government on every front will be the main issues in the polls.
he said the government's hesitation to face parliament was a signal that it was breaking down and did not enjoy the support of its allies.
the bjp has come in the election mode.
so the parliamentary board and other committees we are going to form will work constantly, he said.
they have not made any announcement about the monsoon session of parliament yet and it is usually held in july.
what does this mean?
the government does not want to face parliament, he said.
the meeting was attended by key leaders of the party, including party's poll panel chief narendra modi, party president rajnath singh, senior leader l.k. advani and sushma swaraj and arun jaitley.
new delhi, jan 31, 2017 (pti) 16:22 istindia's economic growth is likely to dip to 6.
5 per cent this fiscal after shock demonetisation shaved off a good 0.
5 percentage points but it will rebound to 6.
75-7.
5 per cent in the next financial year, economic survey said today, calling for bold cut in tax rates.
the pre-budget pointer called for cut not just in individual income tax rates and a timetable for reducing the corporate taxes but also for widening the net to progressively encompass all high incomes.
though the survey did not indicate what it meant by all high incomes, the reference may be to agriculture income which is currently out of the tax net.
invoking mahatma gandhi's vision of 'wiping every tear from every eye', it made a pitch for implementing universal basic income (ubi) to entitle the poor with at least some income and thus eliminate poverty.
given the uncertainty (after demonetisation), we provide a range: a 0.
25 percentage point to 1 percentage point reduction in nominal gdp growth relative to the baseline of 11.
25 per cent; and a 0.
25 percentage point to 0.
5 percentage point reduction in real gdp growth relative to the baseline of estimate of about 7 per cent, it said.
indian economy had grown by 7.
6 per cent in 2015-16 and was projected to grow by 7.
1 per cent in the current fiscal by the central statistical organisation (cso) that did not fully account for the disruption demonetisation had caused.
over the medium run, the implementation of the gst, follow-up to demonetisation, and enacting other structural reforms should take the economy towards its potential real gdp growth of 8 per cent to 10 per cent, said the survey tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley ahead of union budget 2017-18 to be unveiled tomorrow.
for the 2017-18 fiscal, beginning on april 1, it put the real gdp growth at 6.
75 per cent to 7.
5 per cent rage.
even under this forecast, india would remain the fastest growing major economy in the world.
the forecast however had downside risks in the extent to which the effects of demonetisation could linger into next financial year, especially if uncertainty remains on the policy response.
currency shortages also affect supplies of certain agricultural products, especially milk (where procurement has been low), sugar (where cane availability and drought in the southern states will restrict production), and potatoes and onions (where sowings have been low), the survey said, asking the government to be vigilant on prevent other agricultural products becoming what pulses was in 2015-16.
it also listed surge in global oil prices and possible eruption of trade tensions amongst the major countries as other risks.
prepared by a team led by chief economic adviser arvind subramanian, the survey said economic growth is expected to return to normal as new currency notes in required quantities come back into circulation.
the pre-budget document said demonetisation is also very unusual in its monetary consequences.
it has reduced sharply, the supply of one type of money  cash  while increasing almost to the same extent another type of money  demand deposits.
this is because the demonetised cash was required to be deposited in the banking system, it said.
to ensure that demonetisation indeed proves a catalyst for long-run changes in behaviour will require measures to complement with other non-punitive, incentive-compatible measures that reduce the incentives for tax evasion.
demonetisation was a potentially powerful stick which now needs carrots as complements, it said prescribing a five-pronged strategy.
it includes implementing goods and service tax (gst) with broad coverage to include activities that are sources of black money creation  land and other immovable property.
also, individual income tax rates and real estate stamp duties should be reduced while a timetable for reducing the corporate tax rate could be accelerated, the survey said.
the income tax net could be widened gradually and, consistent with constitutional arrangements, could progressively encompass all high incomes.
(after all, black money does not make fine sectoral distinctions), it said.
besides, tax administration could be improved to reduce discretion and improve accountability, it added.
oil price rise to usd 60-65 per barrel could lead to reduction in consumption in india, less room for public investment and lower corporate margins, thereby further denting private investment, said the survey.
the scope for monetary easing might also narrow, if higher oil prices stoked inflationary pressure, it added.
it termed the passage of constitutional amendment, paving the way for implementing the transformational gst, and demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes as major domestic policy developments of the year.
the gst will create a common indian market, improve tax compliance and governance, and boost investment and growth; it is also a bold new experiment in the governance of india's cooperative federalism, it said.
demonetisation, it said, has had short-term costs but holds the potential for longterm benefits.
follow-up actions to minimise the costs and maximise the benefits include: fast, demand-driven, remonetisation; further tax reforms, including bringing land and real estate into the gst, reducing tax rates and stamp duties; and acting to allay anxieties about over-zealous tax administration, it said.
these actions would allow growth to return to trend in 2017-18, following a temporary decline in 2016-17, it said.
the survey said: looking further ahead, societal shifts in ideas and narratives will be needed to overcome three long-standing meta-challenges: inefficient redistribution, ambivalence about the private sector and property rights, and improving but still-challenged state capacity.
in the aftermath of demonetisation, and at a time of gathering gloom about globalisation, articulating and embracing those ideational shifts will be critical to ensuring that india's sweet spot is enduring not evanescent.
centre to pursue juvenile justice billnew delhi, may 20, 2015, dhns: 1:01 istthe women and child development ministry will pursue the controversial juvenile justice bill despite all-round opposition from rights groups and legal experts.
sources in the ministry claim that union minister maneka gandhi is not ready to reconsider the bill which has already been passed by the lok sabha.
the bill is yet to be cleared by the rajya sabha where the government is in minority.
she had laboured hard to get it approved from the cabinet.
a group of ministers headed by finance minister arunjaitley considered the bill and approved it for the consideration of the cabinet.
it was not easy.
there were differences over the provision of prosecuting children between 16 and 18 as adults for heinous crimes.
the members of the group could be convinced only after a long persuasion, said a ministerial source.
meanwhile, the peoples union for civil liberties (pucl) has opposed the bill and demanded that some provisions of the bill should be scrapped.
the pucl says that this amendment is creating a new class of juvenile offenders by differentiating between children between 16-18 years and those below 16 years and it violates the un child rights convention, which clearly provides that all signatory countries should treat every child under the age of 18 years in the same manner and not try them as adults as this will be discriminatory towards children.
jnu row: arunjaitley targets rahul in rsnew delhi, feb 25, 2016 (pti) 19:54 istwith government under intense attack over jnu issue, finance minister arunjaitley today trained his guns at rahul gandhi, suggesting that his visit to the campus in the aftermath of the controversial protest amounted to providing respectability to a movement whose charter was to break india.
he also suggested in rajya sabha that congress, jointly with left parties, had jumped into the issue without giving prior thought in view of the upcoming assembly elections in west bengal.
jaitley, a noted lawyer-turned-politician, defended the police entry into jnu, arguing that the campus was not a sovereign territory like some foreign embassy.
seeking to turn tables on congress, he cited a parliament question of 1983 in which the then indira gandhi government had justified entry of police in jnu and arrest of 350 students, including 50 girls, after the vice chancellor was gheraoed.
he contended that the developments of february 9 on jnu were much more serious as he read out the pamphlets carrying anti-india material which were circulated in the campus.
referring to slogans which called for war for destruction of the country and lauded terrorists who had been convicted by the highest judiciary, arunjaitley questioned: can hate speech be called free speech?
he noted that being a mainstream party, congress does not have the history of supporting the fringe.
jaitley agreed with congress leader ghulam nabi azad that two congress prime ministers had fallen to the terrorists' bullets, a reference to indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi, and said that precisely should have been the reason for you (congress) to speak more vigorously against the offences in jnu.
at least on this issue, we expected you to be with us.
suggesting that congress had done so in view of west bengal polls, he quipped, the tragedy of bengal is that there are three congress parties - the congress, the trinamool congress and congress marxist.
trinamool congress leader derek o'brien took objection to this, reminding that his party was separate since 1998.
jaitley asked opposition parties not to camouflage the offence at jnu, saying its a very serious offence.
.
.
one is jihadist, the other is maoist.
its an alliance of the two.
you have been in power for long, you should have thought before making a visit to the jnu campus.
in an apparent reference to rahul's visit to the jnu campus, the finance minister said that some people think before they act but this was an incident in which congress took their step first and thought about it later.
.
.
.
.
had you thought before (about visiting jnu), you would not have gone into this situation, he said accusing the congress of indirectly or directly adding respect to a movement whose charter was to break this country.
he also answered questions by opposition over bjp tying up with pdp which had spoken in favour of afzal.
he asked the congress to take a clear stance on the matter, he said these are the issues on which all parties should speak the same language.
asking the opposition not to sidetrack the main issue, arunjaitley condemned the violence in patiala house but also reminded the house of the serious anti-indian nature of the protest at jnu and also at the jadavpur university.
in remarks laced with sarcasm, he said, vandalism is condemnable, but sedition is free speech?
jaitley also invoked b r ambedkar, saying the maker of constitution had warned of threats country faces from the inside.
he said ambedkar had also referred to people who wanted free speech to overthrow the state.
elements like maoists wanted to use provisions like free speech to overthrow the system of parliamentary democracy because they don't believe in it, he said.
bjp woos girls with 2-wheelersabhay kumar, patna: oct 2, 2015, dhns 1:36 istin its bid to woo the woman voters in bihar assembly polls, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has promised to give scooty to girl students who pass their matriculation and intermediate examination.
the move is seen as an answer to nitishs cycle project where girls studying in government schools have received bicycles in the jd (u) regime.
the bjp has, however, made it clear that it would chose 5,000 girl students on merit grounds every year to hand over the scooty.
this was announced by senior bjp leader and union finance minister arunjaitley while releasing party's vision document here in the state capital on thursday.
sopdoling out more sops, the bjp promised colour tv sets to mahadalits, one pair of dhoti and sari for each poor family, interest-free loan to farmers and land to landless.
when asked whether the poll sops will be like another jumla (hollow promises) made during lok sabha elections, arunjaitley took strong objection to the charge and cited the track record of bjp-ruled government to buttress his point.
the vision document is a charter of development which will push bihar on fast track of growth, if we are voted to power, said jaitley.
flanked by union minister ananth kumar and former bihar deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, arunjaitley took a jibe on grand alliance of the jd (u), congress and the rjd.
the three-legged creature cant run for long, he said in an apparent reference to his opponents.
offensive attackhe was more scathing on lalu, who, a day back, had used terms like narbhakshi (man-eater) and tadipar (one who is asked to remain out of bounds in a state) for shah.
the gujarat high court while giving bail to amit shah had said prima facie, its a case of no evidence.
so the matter ends there, the union minister, said.
there are too many ideological differences with whom he has aligned.
only the character artists have changed.
bjp running away from demands of hindu jk cm: congakhnoor (jammu), dec 15, 2014 (pti) 18:45 istcongress today hit out at the bjp on the issue of selecting a chief ministerial candidate irrespective of religion or region, saying the party is now running away from its old rhetoric demand of a hindu head of state or one who hails from the jammu region.
bjp and its leadership is now running away from their dacade-old rhetoric of having a chief minister from jammu and particularly belonging to the hindu community, senior congress leader and jammu and kashmir minister sham lal sharma said during an election rally in this border constituency of jammu district.
senior bjp leader and union minister arunjaitley had yesterday said religion would not play any role while selecting the party's chief ministerial candidate in the state.
religion of the candidate is not important, his vision and his personality is, he had said.
sharma, who is congress candidate from akhnoor seat, said bjp has been batting for the past 67 years for a hindu chief minister in jammu and kashmir or one who hails from the jammu region and questioned if the party was now backing out on its age-old aspiration.
addressing poll meetings in remote and hilly villages of akhnoor, sharma invited bjp leaders to show them how in his 12 years tenure in the constituency, he had developed the area in terms of road connectivity, power, education, health, drinking water supply among others.
he asked people to give congress a clear mandate for prosperity and development of the pahari belt.
my struggle is on two fronts- first, to seek justice for people of jammu region and second by fulfilling their aspiration for a hindu chief minister, sharma said.
he attacked bjp, saying the party has humiliated the entire jammu masses by escaping from the hindu chief minister demand and by indirectly saying that jammu region does not have any visionary personality to match bjp's criteria of next chief ministerial candidate.
yeddyurappa intensifies efforts to return to bjpnew delhi, sep 18, 2013, (pti) : 14:27 istformer bjp leader b s yeddyurappa has intensified efforts to return to the party by sending his emissary to the national capital today to meet senior leaders l k advani, rajnath singh and arunjaitley to build a consensus on merging his kjp with the saffron party.
yeddyurappa, who had to resign from the post of karnataka chief minister after he was indicted in a graft case by the lokayukta, has shown his willingness to return to the bjp after narendra modi was made its prime ministerial candidate, party sources said.
he had quit bjp in december last year and floated the karnataka janata party.
the lingayat leader is holding an executive meeting of kjp today where a resolution will be passed hailing modi's anointment and stating that the party is open to merging with bjp if there is a consensus in the saffron party on the issue, the sources said.
yeddyurappa has also deputed his close associate and mlc lehar singh to visit delhi and meet senior bjp leaders.
he is expected to meet arunjaitley and has also sought an appointment with advani, who was firmly opposed to yeddyurappa's continuance in office after he was found guilty by the lokayukta.
lehar singh is likely to meet bjp president rajnath singh late evening, the sources said.
if there is no consensus in the bjp central unit and among the bjp leaders in karnataka on the issue, then yeddyurappa is not willing to join.
he has no immediate stakes as he is not going to become chief minister anytime soon.
bjp will gain more as the lok sabha polls are near, a kjp leader said.
yeddyurappa, who has reportedly kept a line of communication open with modi in the last few months, wrote to the chief minister congratulating him on his anointment.
both bjp and kjp had performed badly in the assembly elections earlier this year.
however, the sum total of their votes, as well as that of sriramulu (an associate of mining barons reddy brothers) remained the same.
this led the two parties to agree that they would gain from returning to the bjp fold.
but leaders like advani and ananth kumar, yeddyurappa's bete noire, are opposed to kjp's merger.
bjp sources said ananth kumar may soften his opposition to yeddyurappa as he needs his support in the lok sabha elections.
ananth kumar may find it tough in the bangalore south seat.
more so, if reports of nandan nilekani contesting from this seat on a congress ticket are true, a party leader said.
in the 2009 elections, yeddyurappa had reluctantly lent his support to ananth kumar for the bangalore south seat.
yeddyurappa is keen that all contentious issues of the past are sorted out and there is clarity on them before the merger takes place, kjp sources said.
though politically his strength is much reduced after he walked out of the bjp, he does not want to face the same challenges within the party after his return.
the former chief minister is, however, making all efforts to return to the bjp as he realises that this is beneficial for him in the long run.
so far, modi and rajnath singh have not involved themselves with this issue though sources claimed they are keeping themselves abreast of the developments.
however, in case advani and ananth kumar continue to oppose yeddyurappa's return, the other option being explored is of making kjp a part of the nda, sources said.
after a rebound in december, the goods and services tax (gst) revenues fell again in january to rs 86,318 crore.
the modalities are being worked out, he said at a public event here.
at the moment, we are coming out (with norms).
gst collections had increased to rs 86,703 crore in december.
that month was the first rebound after a decline in october and november.
the finance ministry said that of the rs 86,318 crore collected during the month, rs 14,233 crore had been collected as cgst, rs 19,961 crore as sgst, rs 43,794 crore as igst, and rs 8,331 as compensation cess.
the ministry said that 1.
03 crore taxpayers have been registered under gst till february 25, of which 17.
65 lakh are composition dealers who are required to file returns every quarter.
in a statement, the ministry said that a total of 1.
23 lakh composition dealers have opted out of the scheme and have thus become regular taxpayers.
it said the number of composition dealers is 16.
42 lakh as in february.
the finance ministry officials maintain that gst collections will pick up in the coming months after teething troubles disappear and anti-evasion measures are in place.
jaitley said that the next stage of reforms will start once india becomes a significant tax-compliant society.
for instance, we have two standard rates and in the long run, i do see them merging into one.
for that to happen, it will take some reasonable time that is when the compliance levels start moving up, he said.
last updated: 29 july, 2011bangalore, july 29, dhns: 0:21 istnot just defiantenraged at the bjp central leaderships insistence that he resign, yeddyurappa on friday smashed a bottle to smithereens and hurled invectives at the senior bjp leaders, as his close associates watched in silence.
soon after bjp central leadership representatives rajnath singh and arunjaitley left after meeting him, purple with rage, yeddyurappa launched into a harangue.
they cannot take me for granted.
what fraud have i committed that central leaders should seek my resignation?
did we win the elections carrying the photos of these leaders?
yeddyurappa is said to have fumed.
my own ministerial colleagues were in delhi when i was also there.
but instead of meeting me, they met the delhi leaders.
what sin have i committed?
i built the party in the state.
because of me, many of them got elected, yeddyurappa lamented.
but as long as he was closeted at his race course road residence with rajnath singh and arunjaitley , yeddyurappa tried to be as cordial as possible.
he even came out of the house for the first time since thursday morning when he returned from delhi where he was asked by the central leaders to step down as chief minister as he was indicted by the lokayukta.
yeddyurappas eyes looked blood-shot.
he has hardly slept in the last three days.
media, which had not been allowed inside the gates of chief ministers residence since thursday, was given access apparently to capture the show of strength in the yeddyurappa camp.
but he let himself go as soon as singh and arunjaitley left.
cooling down after some time,by 8 pm, he left the official residence for his private residence at dollars colony, where his family conducted a special puja and homa.
he will visit the siddaganga mutt in tumkur on saturday morning.
it is past 57 hours that the lokayuktas report indicting yeddyurappa is in the public domain.
it is past 48 hours the bjp central leadership asked him to step down from his seat.
but yeddyurappa remained defiant, thanks to the support he enjoys among his community legislators and members of parliament besides those who he has nurtured for many years.
the delhi leaders, who arrived in the afternoon, after holding a meeting in a hotel, instead of going ahead with the bjp legislature party meeting had to step into the house of yeddyurappa to convince him as to why he should step down.
mlc lehar singh, who is in the inner circles of the chief minister, was seen busy co-ordinating with the delhi leaders and yeddyurappa.
govt may bring laws on aadhaar, bankruptcy as money billsnew delhi, dec 14, 2015, (pti): 15:50 istgovernment is likely to introduce legislations on aadhaar and bankruptcy code as money bills with a view to ensuring their smooth passage in parliament.
we will bring as many legislation as possible in the form of money bills.
we will follow the same procedure for the bankruptcy law, a senior finance ministry official said.
while the ordinary bills are required to be approved by the lok sabha as well as the rajya sabha, the lower house has overriding powers on the money bills.
a legislation on aadhaar will give statutory backing to the unique identification authority of india (uidai) which allocates aadhaar numbers and issues cards to citizens.
the uidai has issued about 93.
18 crore aadhaar numbers which are being used for various purposes including transfer of subsidies directly to the aadhaar-linked bank accounts of beneficiaries.
a legislation has become necessary as the supreme court has imposed certain restrictions on applicability of aadhaar number with regard to implementation of the government schemes.
the apex court had permitted only voluntary use of aadhaar for welfare programmes including mgnrega, all pension schemes, provident fund and pradhan mantri jan dhan yojna.
former uidai chairman nandan nilekani too had suggested that steps should be taken to remove the sense of uncertainty regarding aadhaar.
as regards bankruptcy law, finance minister arunjaitley had earlier indicated that the government would endeavour to bring the bill in the ongoing winter session of parliament.
a government-appointed panel headed by former law secretary t k vishwnathan had underlined the need for a modern bankruptcy law to deal with insolvency cases within 180 days that might arise on account of business failures or economic downturns.
the new law is aimed at promoting ease of doing business and spurring economic activities.
the draft legislation prepared by the panel also proposes early identification of financial distress so that timely steps could be taken to revive the ailing company.
the draft bill, according to the report of the panel, seeks to improve the handling of conflicts between creditors and debtors, avoid destruction of value, distinguish malfeasance vis-a-vis business failure and clearly allocate losses in macroeconomic downturns.
bjp wall blocks upa's key billsnew delhi, may 6, 2013, dhns: 1:38 istthe centres surprise move to initiate discussion on the food security bill in the lok sabha on monday hit an opposition wall after the bjp stuck to its stand that the law and railway ministers, allegedly involved in scandals, should be removed before it can back key bills.
leader of the opposition in the lok saba, sushma swaraj condemned the manner in which the government tried to get the bill passed.
this government is not only corrupt but also an oppressive one.
outside parliament, it indulges in corruption and inside parliament, it acts as an oppressor.
it tried to get the food security bill passed in the lok sabha thinking this will divert the country's attention from their corruption.
this is condemnable, she told reporters outside parliament.
she said that apart from the bjp, other parties, including samajwadi party, did not want the bill to be passed in a din.
unless the demand of removing law minister ashwani kumar (coalgate scam) and railway minister pawan bansal (post-for-sale scam), no bill will be passed, she threatened.
only four days are left before the budget session ends.
swaraj pointed out that though the bjp did not participate in the business advisory committee (bac) meeting, other parties had expressed their view that the food security bill should not be rushed through.
she said the party wants to participate in the debate on the bill but only after the ministers are sacked.
the cbis affidavit on unauthorised vetting of its draft report, filed in the supreme court on monday, gave fresh ammunition for the opposition to seek kumars scalp.
leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, arunjaitley picked up alterations made in the draft at the instance of the law minister to argue that these were extremely major changes, contrary to kumars assertion that he merely suggested grammatical changes.
he said the portion contained the agencys observation that it was not clear on what basis weightage was given to those who got the mining contracts.
new delhi, feb 2, 2017, dhns 2:46 istthose earning between rs 2.
5 lakh and rs 5 lakh a year will pay 5 , instead of the current 10 , as income tax.
readjusting rebates, finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday people earning up to rs 3 lakh a year would have zero tax liability.
those with incomes between rs 3 lakh and rs 3.
5 lakh will pay rs 2,500.
he also proposed a surcharge of 10  on incomes between rs 50 lakh and rs 1 crore.
he expects this to bring in rs 2,700 crore in additional revenue.
the existing 15  surcharge on incomes of more than rs 1 crore will continue.
jaitley proposes no change in the other two income tax slabs.
the finance minister said many more people would come under the tax net if the rates were low.
he appealed to citizens in the lowest slab (rs 2.
5 lakh to rs 5 lakh) to contribute to nation-building by paying 5  as tax.
the minister said the direct tax exemptions would result in revenue loss of rs 22,700 crore.
but with the additional revenue of rs 2,700 crore factored in, the net loss would come down to rs 20,000 crore, he said.
mumbai, pti: march 20, 2016, 2:06 istjewellers on saturday called off their 18-day old strike demanding rollback of proposed excise duty on non-silver jewellery after government assured them that there will be no harassment by excise officials.
major jewellery associations, including all india gems and jewellery trade federation, india bullion and jewellers association and gems jewellery export promotion council took the decision after meeting finance minister arunjaitley regarding the 1  excise duty on jewellery.
it (excise duty) has not been rolled back but our grievances have been taken care of.
the finance minister has assured us that there will be no inspector raj, said gjf chairman sreedhar.
stock markets hail budget, sensex rallies 486 pointsnew delhi, feb 1, 2017 (pti) 17:03 istthe union budget 2017-18 provided the feel-good factor as the sensex today leaped close to 486 points to close at an over 3-month high of 28,142, with financial and realty stocks powering the momentum.
markets welcomed the budgetary proposals of infusing rs 10,000 crore in public sector banks and keeping long-term capital gains tax (ltcg) and short-term tax rate (stcg) unchanged for the capital market.
additionally, finance minister arunjaitley proposed that category i and ii foreign portfolio investors (fpis) should be exempted from taxation on indirect transfers, which made investors a happy lot.
both key indices sensex and nifty reclaimed their key levels of 28,000 and 8,700 for the first time, scoring their biggest single-day gain since october 2016.
the sensex, which kept moving in a tight range immediately after the budget was presented in parliament, started climbing and closed higher by 485.
68 points, or 1.
76 per cent, at 28,141.
64.
this is its highest closing since october 24 last year when it settled at 28,179.
08.
it had shot up about 504 points intra-day.
the broad-based nifty was also on the upswing and rallied by 155.
10 points, or 1.
81 per cent, to settle at 8,716.
40 after touching the day's high of 8,722.
40 and a low of 8,537.
50.
the rupee appreciating 34 paise to 67.
53 (intra-day) against the dollar added to the positivity.
sentiment was boosted after arunjaitley cleared the air on the fiscal deficit road map.
meanwhile, nikkei markit india manufacturing pmi in january rebounded from the demonetization downturn amid rising order books, production as well as buying levels and expansion in the sector by increasing to 50.
4, from 49.
6 in december.
shares of state-run banks such as sbi, union bank of india, bank of baroda, pnb and syndicate bank hogged limelight and climbed by up to 5.
64 per cent as the government announced infusion of rs 10,000 crore in public sector banks in the next fiscal.
the budget also allocated a record rs 3.
96 lakh crore to the infrastructure sector.
also, the government announced infrastructure status to affordable housing to encourage investment and offered tax sops for developers sitting on completed unsold inventories, which triggered buying in realty stocks.
dlf, godrej properties, hdil, oberoi realty, prestige estate projects, sobha ltd and unitech zoomed by up to 6.
74 per cent.
shares of companies related to the agriculture sector such as dhanuka agritech and jain irrigation systems ended higher by up to 3.
71 per cent after arunjaitley announced a whopping rs 1 lakh crore hike in credit target for the next fiscal to rs 10 lakh crore as part of efforts to double farm income in the next five years.
major gainers included maruti suzuki (4.
69 per cent), m&m (4.
64 per cent), itc (4.
51 per cent), icici bank (4.
40 per cent), gail (3.
76 per cent) and adani ports (3.
60 per cent).
the mid-cap index rose 1.
77 per cent and small-cap 1.
68 per cent.
foreign investors sold shares worth a net rs 532.
88 crore yesterday, as per provisional numbers.
asian shares ended mixed with upward bias while european markets were trading higher in their afternoon deals.
moreoever, the market sentment turned bullish on proposal to further liberalise fdi policy, traders said.
the rally was driven by realty, auto, banking, fmcg, metal, capital goods, psu, oils and gas, infrastructure and power shares.
overall, 18 out of 30 index-based components ended in the green while others finished in the red.
varanasi, mar 1 2015 (pti) 11:15 istcongress today took a swipe at prime minister narendra modi over his reported jibe at upa's mnrega scheme, saying the welfare scheme fell prey to corruption in gujarat during his tenure as chief minister, and the party will raise the issue in the rajya sabha.
will givea befitting reply to prime minister narendra modi in the rajya sabha by exposing howmnrega fell prey to the corruption ofhis partymen and government machinery in gujarat under his chief-ministership, aicc general secretary and in charge of party affairs in uttar pradesh madhusudan mistry said.
terming mnrega as one of the upa's flagship programmes for providing jobs to millions of poor people, mistry asked modi to tell countrymen what schemes he has for providing mass jobs to poor people rather than just using lofty rhetorics.
modi instead of just giving such lofty speeches, should tell the countrymen that how will he be providing jobs to millions of people, what schemes does his nda government has like mnrega that can provide mass employment, mistry said.
pm modi on friday saidthatmnerga was the living monument of congress failure.
his remarks had drawn strong reaction from the congress leaders.
mistry said that prime minister modi knows this very well that mnrega was not the congress party's failure, but it was his failure as the gujarat's chief minister, where the mnrega funds were siphoned off before reaching the real beneficiaries.
mistry also raised question on why modi failed to stop bjp leaders and the government machinery from misusing the mnrega funds.
according to mistry, mnrega, in which the centre's responsibility was that of providing funds to the state governments and it was more responsibility of the state to ensure its better implementation at the grassroots level.
mistry described the union budget of finance minister arunjaitley as antipoor and said that it mentioned nothing for the poor and the middle-class rather it focused to benefit the corporates.
he also asked what has modi government given for varanasi in the financial budget.
a hike in service tax to 14 per cent and corporate rates reduced from 30 per cent to 25 per cent shows the government's intentions for poor and middle-class people, he said at the sidelines of a three-day camp, organised by congress party to train youth workers.
mistry also accused bjp to do a flip-flop over gst and fdi.
those who earlier used to oppose gst and fdi now favouring these, he said.
he asked modi not to turn the living city of varanasi into a museum in the name of preserving its heritage sites saying that the prime minister should focus on city's infrastructure development.
mistry alleged that the proportionate benefit of the reduction in petroleum prices has not been transferred to the public as the government is continuously hiking excise duty even when the international crude oil prices were down.
govt in advanced stages of talks on spl status to ap: jaitleynew delhi, aug 8, 2016, (pti) 14:43 istamid continued uproar in lok sabha over the issue of granting special status to andhra pradesh, government today said it is at a fairly advanced stage of discussions with the state government and would arrive at a solution shortly.
in a brief intervention, finance minister arunjaitley also admitted that at the time of division of the state, the issue of revenue and finances has been unfair to andhra pradesh, which has to be compensated.
his remarks came soon after ysr congress leader mekapati rajamohan reddy noted that then prime minister manmohan singh had promised special category status to andhra pradesh.
the leaders of the then opposition party (the bjp) arunjaitley and venkaiah naidu had pitched for ten years for special category status to the state, reddy said, soon after he and his fellow party mps protested in the well on the issue.
reddy recalled that bjp leaders at that time were saying that since they are going to come to power in the next polls, they will give special category status to andhra pradesh and it was included in the manifestos of both bjp and tdp.
but injustice is being done to 5 crore people of andhra pradesh, reddy said, adding that now the bjp is talking of a special package.
if they are not fulfilling the promises, what is the sanctity of the government?
it is our right to protest against the lapses of the government, he said.
rammohan naidu (tdp), while participating in the zero hour debate, said every district of andhra pradesh was getting a meagre rs 50 crore per year, but this amount was peanuts and pumpkins.
new delhi, nov 1, 2015 (pti) 20:58 istvehemently rejecting the charge that congress and leftists were behind their protest against growing intolerance, writers and artistes today alleged that ruling bjp was unable to control its mobs, with one of them even comparing rss to islamic militant group isis.
they also took umbrage to union minister arun jaitley's remarks dubbing the protest as manufactured rebellion questioning how he could make such a claim when the president, many business leaders as well as common people have joined in voicing concern over the disturbing trend.
the writers, artistes, thinkers and academics had gathered here today for a resistance meet (pratirodh) against what they described as attack on reason, democracy and composite culture.
a minute's silence was kept by gathering for three slain rationalists mm kalburgi, govind pansare and narendra dabholkar.
in its inability to control its mobs, the only comeback that the bjp has is to describe the protesters as leftists or instigated by the congress party.
many of us are leftists but many of us are not leftists.
what the protest is about is the need for a liberal space and this being emphasised again and again, historian romila thapar said.
in his speech, historian irfan habib said, .
.
.
there is not much difference between islamic state (isis)and the rss as far intellect goes.
noted poet ashok vajpeyi, who was among at least 37 writers those who had returned their state awards in protest against the alleged rising intolerance in the country, referred to recent allegations by ministers including by finance minister arunjaitley terming the protests by writers as manufactured.
the president, the reserve bank governor and leading industrialist narayan murthy have joined this manufactured politics.
some of us had returned our awards and now the number has crossed 40.
and we are being accused of practising manufactured politics.
sir, the politics of hatred, violence, killing and ignorance is being manufactured by you, he alleged.
the intensified attack by the writers came on a day arunjaitley filed a fresh salvo to counter the protest, accusing congress, left thinkers and activists of practising ideological intolerance towards the bjp and prime minister narendra modi.
delhi secretariat raid a blatant misuse of cbi: aapmumbai, dec 16, 2015, pti: 22:41 istaam aadmi party workers from here and neighbouring thane district today protested against the cbi raid at delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal's office building in delhi, calling it a blatant misuse of the agency by centre.
aap workers gathered at azad maidan in south mumbai and held a demonstration denouncing yesterday's raid, saying the action is akin to unannounced emergency.
it is clear now that (finance minister) arunjaitley misled parliament saying that the cm's (kejriwal's) office was not raided.
however, it is seen today that the cm's office was indeed raided, all files examined and many files taken away by cbi, aap national spokesperson preeti sharma menon said.
dismissing jaitley's claim, kejriwal today uploaded image of a document listing the files allegedly taken away by cbi from delhi secretariat.
menon said similar demonstrations were organised at various places in the city to raise awareness on the conduct of the central government.
the raid by cbi on the office of kejriwal's principal secretary rajendra kumar in connection with a corruption case had set off a bitter war of words between kejriwal and the bjp.
the cbi has denied that kejriwal's office, located in secretariat, was searched.
this is a complete murder of democracy and the aam aadmi party feels it is imperative for all persons who value their freedom to protest against this unannounced emergency, menon said.
the protest was jointly led by menon and ashutosh sengar, joint in-charge of the party's maharashtra unit.
new delhi, dec 21, 2015, (pti) 12:19 istlok sabha proceedings were adjourned for nearly 20 minutes this morning amid slogan- shouting by congress members seeking resignation of finance minister arunjaitley over allegations of corruption in ddca.
as soon as the house met for the day, speaker sumitra mahajan said she had disallowed notices of adjournment motion moved by various opposition members including those from congress and the left parties on a variety of issues.
in the absence of congress leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge, party chief whip jyotiraditya scindia rose to speak asking speaker to consider their notice.
an apparently peeved mahajan said, today i will not stop you from speaking.
speak as much as you want.
but bjp members led by union minister rajiv pratap rudy objected to scindia speaking, saying the house cannot be disrupted daily and the question hour should be allowed to continue.
another congress member deepender singh hooda wanted to say something, but was disallowed.
he later went out of the house.
in the absence of kharge, congress members were apparently unsure for some time on how to carry out the protest.
party chief sonia gandhi and party vice-president rahul gandhi were present in the house.
soon thereafter, congress members rushed to the well raising slogans like 'jaitley ji istifa do' (arun arunjaitley tender resignation) and 'hitlershahi nahin chalegi' (hitler style rule is not done).
while the question hour continued for some time, speaker adjourned the proceedings around 1110 hours, saying you have no interest in running the house.
the house was adjourned due to the protests by the speaker, who on earlier occasions, had continued with the question hour despite much louder protests.
today's protest by congress was milder compared to the other days which saw noisy slogan-shouting by opposition members.
bjp seeks apology from kejriwalnew delhi, dec 28, 2015, dhns 1:30 istthe bjp on sunday demanded an apology from delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal for targeting finance minister arunjaitley in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) scam, saying the probe report does not name its leader.
at a press conference, party spokesperson m j akbar said kejriwal made use of a report of the probe committee to target arunjaitley but it did not name him.
the truth is out.
the report does not name jaitley.
there is no allegation against him; there is no indication of wrongdoing.
the delhi chief minister, we believe, should apologise to arunjaitley for his allegations.
he should publicly apologise.
he should also admit his fault in the court, he said.
akbar spoke on the contents of the report of the two-member probe panel set up by the delhi government.
the bjps reaction came after media reports said that jaitleys name does not figure in the report, which was made public much earlier.
kejriwal tweeted: interesting to see how some media houses are desperately trying to prove jaitleyji innocent.
why is jaitleyji afraid of facing enquiry?
the aap said arunjaitley and bjp were misinterpreting the findings of the committee and trying to project that the report gives him a clean chit.
it also accused him of running away from probe and challenged him to face an inquiry by an independent agency into charges of corruption.
akbar said kejriwal had attacked arunjaitley claiming that the recent cbi raid at the delhi secretariat was carried out for the ddca files.
now the cm himself is trapped.
his own team has found no allegation against arunjaitley , he said.
the journalist-turned-mp also found fault with the aaps reasoning that the investigation was not meant to name any person but to identify corruption.
aap leaders said arunjaitley could not escape responsibility and only a further probe would bring out all facts.
jaitley committed no mistake.
but i think kejriwal committed every mistake,akbar said.
bjp national secretary srikant sharma said arunjaitley would go ahead with his defamation suit even if kejriwal chooses to apologise.
you levelled charges to defend your principal secretary facing cbi probe.
you raised slogans against corruption and now you are defending the corrupt, he said.
rbi given more powers to tackle npas, says jaitleynew delhi, press trust of india, may 5 2017, 16:56 istarun arunjaitley said giving more powers to the rbi was done to help identify bad loans and resolve issues quicker.
photo credit: pti.
president pranab mukherjee last night signed the ordinance to amend the banking regulation act, giving rbi powers to direct banks to initiate insolvency and bankruptcy in case of default, he told reporters here.
he said a list of some of the stressed assets is already with the rbi and it is looking into it.
present status quo cannot continue.
and the present status quo is that not much was moving, he said.
on the need for an ordinance, he said rbi required to be empowered in relation to specific stressed assets.
sale of assets, closure of non-profitable branches, reduction of overhead and business turnaround initiatives will be part of resolution process, he said.
non-performing assets or npas of banks have risen to about 17 per cent of total loans, the highest level among major economies.
they are about 8.
4 per cent of the gdp, according to credit suisse.
new delhi, sep 20, 2015, (pti): 16:54 istrubbishing bihar chief minister nitish kumar's claims that bihar will get less funds from the centre as misconceived, finance minister arunjaitley has said total transfer to the state during the next five years will actually increase to rs 4.
08 lakh crore.
he also said the rs 1.
25-lakh crore package announced by prime minister narendra modi for bihar will translate into more concrete outcomes at grassroots levels when it comes to the central government's expenditure in the state.
sources said arunjaitley in his letter to kumar termed as misleading the contention that reduction in budgetary assistance in the 2015-16 budget has led to insignificant overall increase in the share of central taxes.
according to him, it is a misconceived assertion that the 14th finance commission recommendations and its consequent devolution of funds to the states have not resulted in additional fund flows to bihar.
the total transfers to the state for 2015-20, estimated by the 14th finance commission as per recommendations, are rs 4,08,166 crore against rs 1,72,944.
05 crore worked out by the 13th finance commission for 2010-15 as per its recommendations, which shows an increase of 136.
ahead of the polls, modi last month announced a rs 1.
25-lakh crore package for bihar that covers various sectors including roads, railways and agriculture.
he emphasised that bihar is in the league of larger states in the country, but in terms of development, much is left unfulfilled.
members of congress, led by sonia gandhi, along with those of tmc, left and ncp staged a walk out after their plea for referring the constitution amendment bill to the standing committee was not accepted.
aiadmk and bjd also opposed its consideration but did not walk out.
the opposition members, which alleged that the government was bull-dozing and bringing the bill in hush hush manner, wanted more time to study the new legislation and meanwhile finish the financial business.
jaitley assured all cooperation from government to complete the business of demands for grants of various ministries before guillotine is applied on april 28.
after hour-long wrangling over the procedures between the ruling and the opposition sides, the bill was taken up when speaker sumitra mahajan ruled that it is an important legislation on which the finance minister can make introductory comments and a discussion can be taken up at a later date.
it is going to up india's gdp.
it is going to up india's revenue and therefore i commend gst constitution amendment bill to the house for (consideration).
seeking to assuage fears of states that they will loss out on revenues once gst is implemented, he said the centre and the states will have concurrent power to levy tax on goods and services.
stating that when value added tax (vat) was introduced, states demanded compensation for more than five years.
however, not a single state asked for compensation on the sixth year.
therefore, please do not have this fear (of revenue loss on account of gst implementation), he said, adding, besides, ease of doing business, gst will help trade to grow and taxation of states will not be lost in any manner.
jaitley noted that the process of bringing the bill had started during previous nda rule in 2003 and the last upa government had pushed it and the parliamentary standing committee had also examined it for over two and a half years.
i think, we did not have amore extensive debate on any bill since 1950.
seeking support of congress before its members walked out, the finance minister said,nobody has the monopoly in trying to stop the growth of this country.
upa must start supporting legislations which it brought in.
this is a kind of contradiction i am not able to understand.
he said congress should be happy that nda brought the legislation.
why are you delaying it?
it was a good work done by your government which we not only accepted, completed and going forward.
don't delay the process you started.
jaitley also asserted that it is not merely the advantages of gst but also the maturity of the political system that how much more will india wait to reap the advantages of it.
he underlined that it was in the wisdom of parliament and wisdom of state finance ministers to converge so that a consensus is arrived at as he noted that it has gone through two central governments and four state finance ministers in the capacity of heads of empowered group of ministers.
he said in the sixth year, nobody would require compensation as they would have got revenues by then as was the case with vat.
the bill on gst, which will be the biggest tax reform after 1947, was introduced in the lok sabha in december last year.
a single rate of gst will replace central excise, state vat, entertainment tax, octroi, entry tax, luxury tax and purchase tax on goods and services to ensure seamless transfer of goods and services.
while liquor has been completely kept out of the gst, petroleum products like petrol and diesel will be part of the new regime from a date to be decided at a future date by the gst council, which will have two-third of its members from states.
states have two-third majority and therefore even half of them come together, they have a veto.
this federalism leans in favour of states, he said.
all decisions in the council will require 75 per cent votes.
.
.
that is the decision-making process that is how we have integrated the whole system of cooperative federalism in the taxation system.
as per the bill, the states where goods originate can levy 1 per cent additional tax over gst to make up for any revenue loss for the first two years.
the inbuilt consensus is, in terms of cooperative federalism, centre and states will then have to work together.
federalism does not mean trampling the rights of the states.
federalism does not mean .
.
.
that the union ceases to exist.
.
.
the consideration of the bill was also opposed by aiadmk, whose leader and deputy speaker m thambidurai contended that it should be scrutinised by the standing committee as his state tamil nadu would stand to lose to the tune of rs 16,000 crore.
jaitley said, you will not lose even one rupee.
earlier, congress members including deepender hooda and k c venugopal said they would oppose consideration of the gst bill tooth and nail.
leader of congress party in the house mallikarjun kharge asked the speaker to stop the bill from being taken up for consideration.
he said his party was not opposed to the measure but wanted it to be sent to the standing committee for thorough perusal and discussions.
addressing the speaker, he said she could use her discretionary powers to overrule the opposition's views but that will not be democracy but it will be bull-dozing.
as mahajan tried to seek a solution to the logjam, kharge said, you (speaker) can suspend anyone, you can suspend the law, you can allow anyone to speak.
but i request you not to allow this bill.
p karunakaran of cpi, while demanding that the proposed legislation be sent to the standing committee, said it is a new bill and needs to be studied so that proper amendments could be moved.
the speaker said when the bill was introduced in the house on december 19 last year, it was decided that it will not be sent to the standing committee.
the business advisory committee (bas) of the house decided on march 16 to list it for considertion, she added.
kharge insisted that the bill was brought suddenly, without any time being given to study it.
thambidurai said members did not get time to study the bill and he requested the finance minister to put it off so that business related to demands for grants of various ministries could be completed first.
jaitley kept repeating that he would make only opening remarks and the discussion can be taken up at a later date.
meanwhile, he said, the members can study the bill.
the speaker first asked arunjaitley whether he could consider the opposition plea.
she also tried to persuade the opposition to agree as both the ruling and opposition benches cited various rules to justify their argument.
however, the opposition was unrelenting, with sonia gandhi leading her members to say no.
kharge remarked that the finance minister always obeys the chair but today he was disobeying.
the speaker took exception to usage of such words and said these won't go in the records.
agitated over this, kharge said, you can expunge these words as she has the discretionary powers.
nishikant dubey of bjp then attacked the congress leader for questioning the speaker.
he added that since the matter has been listed in today's business, it has certain sanctity which should be respected.
he argued that ever since the matter was listed on march 16, nobody has moved any amendment.
this has been pending for 19 years.
good work has been done by various governments, he said, while pushing for its consideration.
this is the bill for which the whole country is looking at, states are looking at and those paying indirect taxes are looking at, he said.
b mahtab of bjd said, it is a game-changer, no doubt but it is a new bill, so it should be referred to the standing committee.
he said when bac allotted time for discussion on the bill, it was not clear that it will not be sent to standing committee.
saugata roy (tmc) and tathagata satpathy (bjd) wondered why the government was bringing the bill for consideration in a hush hush manner.
satpathy told speaker that her credibility would be affected if she allows the government to go ahead with the measure.
i have been repeatedly saying that the era of tax haven has come to an end.
it is no longer safe to keep your assets overseas illegally, he said in a press conference.
the world is increasingly moving towards automatic transmission of information with regard to illegal money held up.
by 2017, the situation will arise that we will able to get information in real time, he added.
in the black money bill, which we have brought, we have provided a provision of compliance window.
.
.
you utilise this opportunity, declare your assets, pay tax and pay penalty.
if you do not use this chance, then we will take strict action, arunjaitley warned.
earlier this month, parliament had passed black money (undisclosed foreign income and assets) and imposition of tax bill, 2015, which seek to unearth unaccounted wealth stashed abroad.
the finance minister said persistent efforts had been made in the past one year with swiss authorities to break their banking secrecy.
i have been repeatedly saying that the veil of secrecy with regard to assets and monies kept by indian entities outside india is going to be lifted.
.
.
this should give a sufficient indicator to those who hold assets outside india, he said.
the names of at least seven indian nationals have been made public in switzerland's federal gazette with regard to details sought about them by the indian authorities.
industrialist yash birla, as also two mumbai-based individuals behind city limousines scam, are among the seven indian nationals with swiss bank accounts whose names have been made public in switzerland's official gazette with regard to ongoing tax probes against them in india.
the others are gurjit singh kochar, son-in-law of late realty baron ponty chadha, a delhi-based businesswoman ritika sharma, sneh lata sawhney and sangita sawhney.
from the last one year we have had extensive negotiations with the swiss authorities.
the swiss authorities have been moving in the direction of cooperation.
i am delighted that this cooperation would not have fructified on a better day than when our government completes its one year, he said.
there is a g-20 initiative on this.
the us has also taken initiative in this regard and india is a part of both these initiatives, jaitely said.
we had sent a delegation, led by the revenue secretary.
i had also visited davos and had a talk on this issue.
later, when the economic affairs minister of switzerland had come here, we held a talk on this issue.
at that time he had said they would not cooperate on information about the stolen data of hsbc (account holders), he added.
we told that if we provide evidence on that information, would you confirm it or deny it, and they had agreed.
the information which has come now, though it has only some names, it is an important step in that direction, he said.
new delhi, dec 17, 2015, (ians) 18:22 istescalating his attack on union finance minister arunjaitley , delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today demanded that he resign or be removed from the union cabinet to enable holding of an independent probe into alleged corruption in ddca.
kejriwal said jaitley's assertion that aap's allegations against him are unsubstantiated and non-specific could not be treated as gospel truth as the charges against him were very, very serious.
can arunjaitley ji's denial in press be taken as gospel truth?
very serious allegations against him.
why is he running away from investigations?
if arunjaitley ji were let off without investigations on basis of his press denial, then should all coal and 2g accused also be similarly let off?
kejriwal asked in a series of tweets.
amounts involved are huge.
he should either resign or be removed to enable independent probe, kejriwal demanded.
hitting back at kejriwal over the delhi and district cricket association row, arunjaitley accused him of spreading false propaganda, saying he seems to believe in untruth and defamation and delivers a language that borders on hysteria.
jaitley added that the ddca case is a part of propaganda technique to deflect attention when you yourself are in the dock and accused kejriwal of focusing attention on him after he acted as a shield to cover an officer under investigation.
i have left cricket administration in 2013.
by referring to some facts of 2014 and 2015, he cant drag me in, he said, terming allegations against him as unsubstantiated and non-specific.
the finance minister said the serious fraud investigation office (sfio), which was entrusted with the investigations in the case by the previous upa government, has clearly stated that no fraud (was) noticed as alleged and his role as ddca president was like a non-executive chairman without involvement in day-to-day affairs of the company.
earlier at a press conference, aap alleged huge financial bunglings in ddca during jaitley's 13 year-old tenure as its chief, saying large amounts were siphoned off through fake companies besides other irregularies including in team selection.
the aap, quoting from reports of serious fraud investigation office (sfio), ddca's internal probe committee and a delhi government-appointed inquiry panel, accused arunjaitley of giving direct and indirect consent to massive corruption in the cricket body.
the bunglings had happened under direct or indirect consent of arunjaitley during his tenure as ddca chief.
prime minister narendra modi must ask arunjaitley to resign to ensure fair probe as some of the competent agencies to invstigate the are under finance ministry, said aap spokesperson raghav chadha, flanked by a number of other leaders.
5 per cent and clock double-digit level in the subsequent years.
growth in 2015-16 is expected to be between 8-8.
5 per cent.
aiming for a double digit rate seems feasible very soon, he said while presenting the budget for 2015-16 in the lok sabha.
the central statistical organisation (cso) has recently revised the base year for calculation of gdp growth to 2011-12.
as per this, the economic growth rate in 2013-14 is estimated at 6.
9 per cent and for 2014-15 at 7.
4 per cent.
the economic survey had yesterday said that growth will receive a boost from the cumulative impact of reforms, lower oil prices, likely monetary policy easing facilitated by lower inflation, and forecasts of a normal monsoon in 2015-16.
the government headed by prime minister narendra modi, which assumed power in may last year, has initiated a slew of economic reforms, including de-regulation of diesel prices, raising fdi caps in several sectors, and direct transfer of lpg subsidy to beneficiaries.
india should be turned into more insured society: jaitleychennai, dec 20, 2015, (ians) 16:34 istunion finance minister arunjaitley on sunday said the recent floods in tamil nadu's four districts should be viewed as a challenge to improve insurance coverage and make india a more insured society.
jaitley was here to distribute loans and insurance compensation to the flood-affected people at a function organised by state level bankers' committee (slbc).
he said the final objective was to make india an insured society.
according to the minister, banks and insurers will work with other organisations to bring back normalcy in the lives of flood affected people.
he also asked the insurers to settle the claims fast.
jaitley also called on tamil nadu chief minister j. jayalalithaa at the state secretariat and discussed about the flood relief and rehabilitation actions taken by the state.
unprecedented rains, the worst in 100 years, battered tamil nadu's chennai and other northern districts of tiruvallur, kanchipuram and cuddalore in the first week of december.
according to official estimates, about 390 died.
new delhi, dec 26, 2015, (pti): 19:07 istdelhi cm arvind kejriwal today said that if the centre has any problem with the appointment of inquiry commission to probe alleged irregularities in ddca, it should go to court and reiterated that the aap government will not step back from its decision.
we will not back off our decision.
if mha has any problem with delhi government's notification to appoint commission of inquiry to probe alleged irregularities in ddca, it may approach high court, the delhi chief minister said here.
kejriwal said that an elected government of delhi has power to constitute commission of inquiry and centre can not declare the probe panel null and void.
kejriwal's remark comes a few days after lt governor najeeb jung sought centre's intervention, questioning the legality of appointment of inquiry panel.
in a communication to the ministry of home affairs, the lg has stated that the commission of inquiry act, 1952 empowers only the centre and state governments to appoint a commission of inquiry.
since, delhi is a union territory, a commission of inquiry may be ordered only with the concurrence of the centre, through the lg, sources had said.
yesterday, kejriwal claimed that action amounts to unjustified interference as the inquiry is perfectly legal and union minister arunjaitley should cooperate with the inquiry commission and stop misusing the lg office.
we are not scared when all the agencies under them including police cbi, dri are after us, why are they scared with one commission of enquiry, he had said.
delhi government had earlier this week appointed a commission of inquiry, headed by former solicitor general gopal subramanium, to probe alleged corruption in delhi and district cricket association (ddca) between 1992 and 2015, and asked it to submit its report within three months.
the government had said that the one-member commission of inquiry will identify any acts of omission and commission by ddca and its office-bearers during the period between january 1, 1992 and november 30, 2015 and fix responsibility.
the state cricket body had been headed by arunjaitley for around 13 years from 1999 to 2013.
mega rich are gobbling subsidies: subramanianfebruary 28, 2016, new delhi, dhns 2:22 istfinance minister arunjaitley budget on monday may push for eliminating certain subsidies and aggressively rationalising some which are being diverted to the well-off in the name of the poor.
after prime minister narendra modi, chief economic adviser arvind subramanian, too, has suggested that not the middle class, not rich but only the mega rich are benefiting from tax exemptions and subsidies.
the economic survey says subsidy on urea, the most commonly used fertilizer by the poor, is lapped up by big farmers because they are well connected to the party in power.
similarly on gold, cooking gas, kerosene, electricity, aviation turbine fuel and railway fares, he said the benefits the government was trying to give to the common man was actually benefiting the rich.
the chief economic adviser said that there are evidences of cross-border smuggling of urea in the border states where small farmers have to buy urea from the black market paying 60  more than the market price, let alone subsidy.
the eastern states bordering bangladesh and uttar pradesh bordering nepal are cases in point.
bad subsidies need to be eliminated, he said.
he advocated linking fertilizer subsidy with the jandhan-aadhaar-mobile (jam) platform.
modi also made a similar point.
the prime minister recently said: some subsidies may be necessary to protect the poor and the needy and give them a fair chance to succeed.
hence my aim is not to eliminate subsidies, but to rationalise and target them.
urea is the most controlled fertilizer by the government which intervenes at every stageproduction, consumption, import and distribution.
though it is meant for small farmers who cannot afford costly fertilizers, nearly 80  of farmers buy urea at prices greater than the market price (mrp).
small farmers pay 50  more than the administered price for urea.
urea is artificially made costlier also due to its diversion for industrial use.
according to subramanian, targeted subsidies are no answer because targeting the poor is difficult.
gold is the rich demerit good.
the rich consume most of it and the poor spend negligible fraction, yet gold is only taxed at about 1-1.
6 per cent about 98 per cent of this subsidy accrues to better-off and only 2 per cent to poor, the economic survey stated.
aviation turbine fuel (atf) is taxed at about 20 per cent, while diesel and petrol are taxed at about 55  and 61 .
the real consumers of atf are those who travel by air, who essentially are well off, subramanian said.
he says that 50 per cent of the kerosene given under pds is consumed by well off, giving enough hints that the budget may sound harsh measures on diversion and seek to go for better targeting.
the survey also suggests taxing the public provident fund (ppf) because it is benefiting the rich.
the ppf is not-so-small savings and tax benefits are claimed by mostly those in the 20 and 30 per cent tax brackets, it says.
last year voa was issued to 43 countries.
the government had eased indian tourism visa regime through the expansion of voa enabled by electronic travel authorisation (eta) and extended this facility to tourists from countries like the us, israel, palestine and japan to boost tourism sector.
this hassle-free process has given a fillip to indian tourism whose share in world tourism is a paltry 0.
6 percent of international tourist arrivals compared to 7.
8 percent in france and 6.
4 percent in the us.
in the month of january, a total of 25,023 tourists arrived by availing voa as compared to 1,903 last year, registering a growth of whooping 1,214.
9 percent.
the ministry in a recent statement mentioned that this high growth is due to introduction of eta enabled voa for 43 countries.
this facility allows entry of tourists into india within 30 days from the date of approval of eta and is valid for 30 days stay from the date of arrival.
the tourists are allowed to enter and depart from nine international airports - bengaluru, chennai, kochi, delhi, goa, hyderabad, kolkata, mumbai and thiruvananthapuram.
dh news service, new delhi, jun 7 2017, 1:47 istthe finance ministrys monetary policy group, meeting on wednesday, is pushing for an interest rate cut to boost investment and economic growth.
finance minister arunjaitley has already made out a case for such a cut, citing easing inflation and a possible rise in oil prices.
sources said the monetary policy group, comprising finance ministry officials and economists, has prepared a report for the rbi.
the report recommends easing of interest rates, they said.
contrary to the monetary policy group, the monetary policy committee or mpc favours raising interest rates by at least 0.
25 , keeping in view possible inflation in the monsoon season.
as a rationale, its members have cited the usual increase in prices of food items, especially vegetables and fruit, in the months ahead.
the mpc has done four monetary policy reviews since it was set up last year.
it has lowered the policy interest rates only once, and that too, by just 0.
25 .
dh news serviceexcess casheconomists polled by various agencies see little scope for the rbi to tinker with interest rates, since $60 billion in excess liquidity is sloshing around in the system.
lowering interest rates in such a situation could fuel inflation, they said.
govt owes rs 451.
75 crore to air indianew delhi, press trust of india, may 10 2017, 17:02 istair india keeps three boieng 747-400 aircraft for running chartered services for the president, vice president and the prime minister during their visits abroad.
file photothe central government owes rs 451.
75 crore to air india for vvip flights carrying the president, vice president and the prime minister, as well as special missions, according to the latest data provided under the right to information act.
as per the information provided in response to the rti query filed by retired commodore lokesh batra, senior officials of the civil aviation ministry, including union minister ashok gajpathi raju, had written 31 letters between 2014 and 2017 to various ministries asking them to make timely payments to the national carrier for accruing dues at various points in time.
the officials had asked the ministries concerned to ensure availability of maintenance funds and make budgetary changes for vvip flights and other special missions run by air india, yet the outstandings were never cleared completely, it said.
air india keeps three boieng 747-400 aircraft for running chartered services for the president, vice president and the prime minister during their visits abroad.
it also runs special evacuation missions and provides other services for foreign dignitaries.
the outstanding bills on account of the chartered vvip flights, maintenance of the aircraft and evacuation missions by the external affairs ministry (mea) remained at rs 451.
75 crore as on march 31, 2017 with some bills dating back to 2006, the letters in response to the rti query said.
they said rs 47.
37 crore was pending towards six visits of the prime minister to the united states, african countries, uzbekistan, vietnam and thailand between november 9, 2016 and february 10, 2017.
bills of rs 206.
19 crore towards 22 visits of the vice president between june, 2008 and march 18, 2017 are still pending with the mea, they said.
additional bills of rs 145.
63 crore towards the maintenance of boeing 747-400 aircraft in 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 for the vice-president's flights are yet to be cleared by the ministry, they said.
bills for services offered by the national carrier to evacuate indians from war zones of iraq, malta, cairo and relief sent to the usa during katrina hurricane in september, 2005 have also not been cleared by the ministry till now, the letter stated.
the mea is yet to pay rs 23.
57 crore pending on account of 27 flights for foreign dignitaries, the rti response showed.
the ministry had not cleared bills for four flights for the president from november 2008 to september 2016 amounting to rs 26.
02 crore and the maintenance cost of rs 83.
70 crore for the aircraft till march 31 this year, it said.
the centre had claimed that air india had posted an operating profit of rs 105 crore in fy 2015-16, but the comptroller and auditor general (cag) had disputed the figure saying the national carrier had in fact incurred a loss of rs 321 crore.
satyendra mishra, joint secretary of civil aviation ministry, had this year written to the home ministry seeking to clear rs 45.
97 crore on account of dues for the flights of the prime minister.
air india has shortage of cash flow and is unable to meet its various financial obligations.
so, i shall be grateful if you could kindly look into the matter personally to ensure that the outstanding dues of ai are cleared at the earliest, mishra's letter to additional secretary, home ministry on april 10, 2017 stated.
similar letters were sent to the mea and the defence ministry on april 10, 2017 seeking clearance of bills for the vvip visits, operations and maintenance.
the records show that civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju had to intervene to recover the pending dues.
in his letter dated december 21, 2015 to finance minister arunjaitley , raju had said air india was operating under turn around plan and financial restructuring plan approved by the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) for its financial and operations turn around.
however, despite improvement in many of its parameters, it is still incurring losses and is facing financial crunch, he had said.
the minister had requested jaitley's intervention in ensuring that the dues of all the four ministries were released to air india.
whatever need be, the requisite amounts may be allocated to these ministries in their budget at the third supplementary stage, he wrote.
batra, who filed the rti query, said he was sad to find that air india had not made desirable improvement in cutting down the time in preparing invoices after vvip visits.
the authorities responsible for paying bills initially do not project adequate funds for the year.
for example, mha has been initially projecting only rs 200 crore for the year and later seeks more allocation at revised estimate stage of budget, he told pti.
the activist said it could result in the payments being delayed until the funds were available in the next financial year.
gold schemes get cabinet approvalnew delhi, sep 10, 2015, dhns: 1:20 istaiming to channelise thousands of tonnes of household and temple gold into the economy, the union cabinet on wednesday approved gold monetisation and gold bonds schemes to promote paper gold among indians.
the idea behind mobilising gold held by households and institutions in the country is to put this gold into productive use.
he said the gold received through monetisation would be auctioned, used for replenishing the reserve bank of indias reserves or lent to jewellers.
india imports close to 1,000 tonnes of gold per year for its consumption but the yellow metal lying idle with households and temples is estimated to be over 20,000 tonnes, according to official figures.
however, the gold monetisation scheme comes with a caveat.
a depositor has to produce a certificate of when and where the gold was bought from before depositing it.
knowing fully well that close to 90 per cent of gold jewellery traded in india is unbilled, the kyc measure looks too bold to be successful, according to analysts.
to dissuade indian households and investors from buying gold, the government also gave nod to the gold bond scheme or paper gold.
under the scheme, one need not buy actual gold but a government paper for an amount equivalent to gold.
voice of dissent in bjp over lalitgatenew delhi/washington, june 24, 2015, dhns & pti: 2:06 isthelping fugitive is wrong: mp r k singhthe voices of dissent seem to be growing louder inside the bjp with party mpand former home secretary r k singh taking a stand contrary to the partysopinion on the lalit modi controversy.
at a time when the bjp and the centre are strongly defending external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, both accused of helping disgraced former ipl chief lalit modi, singh said: helping a bhagoda (fugitive) is wrong, no matter who helped him.
.
.
he (modi) should be brought back to face trial.
the former home secretary also advocated filling an appeal to revoke modis passport.
the former ipl chief got his passport back last august through a delhi high court order after the upa government had cancelled it in 2010.
evading a direct reply to a query on whether modi was being bailed out, the bjp mp from arrah said that the departments should be doing their job.
i have given my view, he said, hinting that he was aware that the statement was contrary to the partys stand.
several bjp leaders avoided reacting to singhs statement.
environment minister prakash javadekar refused to get drawn into the controversy as the bjp top brass has told its leaders not to speak out of turn.
a senior bjp leader, however, sarcastically remarked that police and army officers have low political iq, hinting that singh could have avoided making such statements.
jaitley, who is on an official tour of the us, told reporters that authorities would continue the probe into the over rs 11 crore transaction between dushyant and modi.
jaitley also said that his previous remarks on the issue was misinterpreted.
amid all these developments, modi continued to dig out old hidden details to take pot shots at arunjaitley , congress leader rajeev shukla and former bcci chief n srinivasan.
modi tweeted that even arunjaitley met him at a london hotel when he was leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha.
mr @arunjaitley whilst you were leader of the opposition did u meet mr lalit modi alone in #london for hours at the #stjamescourt taj hotel, he tweeted.
he also said that srinivasan met arunjaitley three times after he became finance minister but accused the media for not highlighting the fact.
in maharashtra, chief minister devendra fadnavis is under pressure to take a decision on mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria.
additional chief secretary k p bakshi has submitted a report to the chief minister, based on which the state government is expected to take a decision soon.
shettar elected karnataka bjp legislature party leaderbangalore, july 10, 2012 (ians) 17:24 istbharatiya janata party (bjp) legislators in karnataka elected on tuesday jagadish shettar as their new leader to make him the party's third chief minister in the state in four years.
the bjp legislature party meeting has been convened here at 11 a.
m.
tuesday to unanimously elect shettar as the new leader through a resolution.
the meeting will be presided by central observers rajnath singh and arunjaitley , a party spokesman had earlier told ians.
a day after bjp president nitin gadkari announced in new delhi sunday that shettar would replace incumbent chief minister d.v. sadananda gowda, hectic parleys were held throughout monday in the party state unit, with ministers, lawmakers and cadres discussing the legislature meeting and formation of the new government ,including cabinet representations.
party state in charge dharmendra pradhan held discussions with leaders and legislators at the party office in the city and called on shettar, gowda and party general secretary ananth kumar for a smooth change of the government.
efforts are on to pass a unanimous resolution at the legislators' meeting electing shettar as the leader to head the new government.
gowda will be requested to move the one-line resolution, the spokesman said.
gowda is likely call on governor h.r. bhardwaj early tuesday at raj bhavan to submit his resignation and proceed to a hotel in the city centre for the legislature party meeting.
after the meeting, shettar will meet the governor and stake claim to form the government with the resolution from the party state unit president (k.s.eshwarappa) appointing him the leader of the house (assembly), the spokesman said.
on receiving the governor's letter inviting him to form the government, shettar will decide onthe oath-taking ceremony in consultation with the party leaders.
in a related development, hundreds of vokkaligas community members, including lawmakers and cadres across parties, monday protested against the ouster of gowda, allegedly on caste considerations.
heads of social and religious organisations belonging to the vokkaliga community joined rallies and held demonstrations across bangalore, mandya and mysore, criticising the bjp for playing caste politics and succumbing to the pressures of the rival lingayat community to replace gowda with shettar as its third chief minister in the state.
though lingayats are a dominant community in the state constituting around 17 percent of the 65 million people across the state, vokkaligas are also an equally powerful caste group accounting for 16 percent of the populationbowing to the mounting pressure of former chief minister b.s yeddyurappa and his supporters for a change in the party leadership, the bjp high command decided to replace gowda with shettar with an eye on the next assembly elections due in apri-lmay 2013.
gowda became the ruling party second chief minister august 4, 2011 after scam-hit yeddyurappa resigned july 31 following his indictment by then karnataka lokayukta (ombudsman) justice (retired) n. santosh hegde on bribery charge in the multi-crore mining scam that rocked the state.
i'm like a football being kicked around by two teams: mallyanew delhi, feb 3, 2017, (pti) 10:28 istwith the government planning to frame a law to prevent loan defaulters from fleeing the country, beleaguered liquor baron vijay mallya has likened himself to a football being kicked around by two fiercely competitive teams nda and upa.
hitting out at the ongoing investigations by cbi and efforts to extradite him from the uk, mallya also alleged that media has been used against him.
media happily being used as the pitch.
i am the football.
two fiercely competitive teams nda versus upa playing.
unfortunately, no referees, mallya said in a tweet.
in the budget 2017-18, finance minister arunjaitley had stated that the government plans to bring in a law to confiscate the assets of such persons till they submit to the judiciary.
we have to ensure that the law is allowed to take its own course, the finance minister had said.
jaitley said legislative changes or even a new law would be brought to deal with such absconders.
with cbi hot on his trail for extradition, mallya also hit out at the investigating agency for making false and misconceived allegations.
am shocked at cbi allegations.
all false and misconceived, to say the least.
what do a bunch of elite police know about business and economics?
mallya asked.
last week, a cbi court had issued a non-bailable warrant against mallya in the rs 720-crore idbi bank loan default case as the agency sought his extradition from the uk.
mallya, whose now-defunct kingfisher airlines owes more than rs 9,000 crore to various banks, had left india on march 2.
the total attachment made by the agency in this case has now shot up to rs 8,041 crore.
this was one of the largest attachment of assets made by ed in a pmla case till now.
the agency had registered a money laundering case against him and others based on an fir registered last year by cbi.
new economic adviser has global reputenew delhi, oct 16, 2014, dhns: 2:44 istarvind subramanian, a fellow at the peterson institute for international economics in washington, will be the second successive economist of global repute to be appointed as the chief economic advisor in the finance ministry after raghuram rajan, who became the reserve bank of india governor in september last year.
subramanian has worked closely with rajan when both were at the international monetary fund.
soon after his appointment, subramanian said that macro economic stability and the growth in indian economy which creates jobs will be his first priority.
his appointment comes at a time when the indian economy is down with a decade-low economic growth and inflation, which has just started to ease.
subramanian has also been a strong critic of finance minister arunjaitley maiden budget and called it a budget prepared by incumbent bureaucrats, not incoming politicians.
in an article on the peterson institutes website, subramanian had criticised jaitleys first budget as disappointing but retrievable.
in substance, this was a budget prepared by incumbent bureaucrats, not incoming politicians.
it represented continuity  which surprisingly was endorsed by much of the post-budget commentary  when the need of the hour was change, according to subramanian.
but more recently, he criticised the nda governments decision to derail a wto deal struck last year to streamline trade procedures by tying it to a separate controversy over food subsidies.
subramanian has also flayed the governments decision to raise import duties on sugar recently calling it an effort to appease local sugar lobbies.
earlier, in an open letter to former finance minister p chidambaram, he criticised him in 2012 for nudging rbi to cut interest rates at a time when inflation was high and other macro economic parameters did not do well.
subramanians experience and his work on global trade and its effects in developing countries, is expected to come handy at a time when india is negotiating trade pacts with global partners.
jaitley family goes for yellownew delhi, july11, 2014, agencies: 2:13 istyellow was the colour for the arunjaitley family when finance minister arunjaitley presented his maiden budget in the lok sabha on thursday.
while 61-year-old arunjaitley wore a yellow jawahar jacket over his usual off-white kurta pyjama, his wife sangeeta and their daughter, who were watching the budget presentation from the speaker's gallery, too came wearing yellow-coloured suits.
according to hindu mythology, thursday is dedicated to lord vishnu and brihaspati, the guru of gods, and devotees adorn yellow coloured clothes and offer yellow flowers to propitiate god vishnu and brihaspati.
the family of finance minister arunjaitley was present on the spot to givehim moral support on thursday as he read out his maiden budget speech in the lok sabha.
jaitley's wife sangeeta and daughter sonali were sitting in the front row of the visitors' gallery and listening intently to his speech.
saffron party banking on high turnoutnew delhi, feb 4, 2015, dhns: 2:25 istthe bjp is counting on high voter turnout on saturday to win the delhi assembly polls.
sources said the party is hoping election fatigue does not hit the people of delhi, who will be voting for the third time in the last 13 months.
the party is hoping that the people come out to exercise their franchise in the same manner as they did in 2013 assembly polls.
in 2013, the voters came out in record numbers to achieve 66.
5 per cent polling, the best ever for delhi.
the party leaders are hoping for longer queues before polling booths as it would indicate that its core voters, the middle class and elite, are coming out to vote for them.
the high voter turnout in the capital during the 2013 december assembly polls and four months later in the lok sabha polls happened due to a wave in favour of narendra modi.
in the lok sabha polls, the turnout in delhi was 64 per cent.
with the modi wave settling down, the party is banking on its cadreswho are not that motivated as they were on previous occasions, some state leaders believeto fetch out voters from their houses on a cold winter day.
the party is also firing all cylinders, trying to hunt down arvind kejriwal by calling him habitual liar and perpetual absconder, and latest on the dubious political funding.
in his last political rally a day before campaigning ends, modi again attacked aap for accepting donations from dubious sources.
finance minister arunjaitley wrote a piece, which stated: if kejriwal were still a revenue service officer and a case of such money conversion through sham companies resulting in donations to a political party had landed on his table, what he would have done?
would he have asked the assessee to write a letter to the chief justice of the supreme court of india or allowed him to argue that a payment by cheque to political parties forgives all sins of black money conversion?
would he have arrested the fraudulent assessee under the indian penal code rather than proceeding under the income tax act?
surely kejriwal is not a stranger to the tax laws.
he knew what his party was doing.
he should be honest enough to tell the people what arvind kejriwal, irs would have done under these circumstances?
the finance minister concluded.
the goods and services tax (gst) has been re-written even as it completes 100 days post roll out.
not only have the tax rates been changed a number of times for over 100 goods and services, but some of the rules too have been brought back to the levels of pre-gst era.
for example, in exports.
some obscurely ambitious by-laws under the new tax regime have been struck off or kept at bay for a longer period so that they die their own death in due course.
for example, the reverse charge mechanism, where the recipient of the goods and/or services is liable to pay gst instead of the supplier.
the all powerful gst council, in its 22nd meeting on friday, which was a crucial one that continued for about nine hours without a break, almost overhauled the gst rules.
neither the gst appeared the same after this meeting nor the tone and tenor of finance minister arun jaitley.
only time will tell whether these changes are permanent in nature or just a patch work with a limited shelf life, but critics were quick to attribute these to the upcoming assembly elections, especially in gujarat, the home turf of prime minister narendra modi.
taking a cursory glance at changes in tax rates, one can say that gujarat may have been a forceful factor behind the changes.
for example, reduction in rates of man-made filament, synthetic yarn and fibre, which goes into manufacturing of man-made textiles, of which gujarat is a hub.
further, lowering of tariffs of at least two food items, including khakhra, a staple breakfast item in the state.
also, concessions to exporters prima facie point to a leaning towards gujarat.
the state contributes almost 12  to india's textile exports, and it has a massive presence in gems and jewellery exports, diamonds in particular.
but again it is too myopic to think that national policies are shaped up taking into account a particular state.
instead, a more comprehensive analysis of the gst in the 100 days of its roll out did suggest that the new tax regime had some inherent weaknesses.
and, timing wise, it proved grossly inadequate.
manufacturers had halted production and went for massive de-stocking ahead of the gst roll out, at a time when demonetisation had already had an adverse impact on industries.
ever since its roll out, through the periodic gst council meetings, experts kept warning about the adverse impact of certain rules such as monthly returns, matching of invoices and a plethora of new taxes on exporters and job workers.
but the government dismissed all that as minor hiccups which, they said, would settle down in the first three months.
it was only when a web of problems complicated things, the gst revenues started taking a hit and the economic growth plummeted below a psychological 6  level that the government admitted to undoing of some of the gst mistakes.
forthcoming elections in crucial states, of course, accelerated the pace of things.
the prime minister asked the gst council to review the problems being faced by traders, issues in technology or filling the form.
and the gst council decided to remove exactly those problems, which experts kept pointing out since july 1.
the unworkable monthly tax returns were withdrawn for small and medium traders, giving relief to about 90-95  of the gst filers.
implementation of e-way bill was postponed, realising that the existing electronic system in the country was woefully inadequate.
also laid to rest was reverse charge mechanism, at least for now.
and most significantly, exports, the hardest hit after the gst implementation, were heard.
under the vat regime, exporters exported at their will, but under the gst regime, they had to execute a letter of undertaking subject to eligibility or a bond with bank guarantee to export.
the first set of tax credit has not been handed out to the exporters, and the finance minister said it will be given to them sometime next week.
the situation became so bad that the premier exporters body fieo went and told the finance minister it was going to lay off employees before deepavali.
a heavy tax on job works started cutting jobs in labour intensive industries.
but the prime minister's intervention forced the gst council to drop most of these clauses.
a more serious problem that still remains is the multiple rate of taxation and higher rates of slabs.
a lower rate of taxation can only spur demand and stimulate production.
hopefully, the gst council will take it sooner than later.
analysts say the gst in next 100 days must strive to do away with any kind of tax that cannot be easily monitored.
new delhi, nov 24, 2015, dhns: 2:08 istdesperate to pass the goods and services tax bill (gst) in the winter session of parliament, the government appears to be considering more changes to help remove the opposition hurdle.
there is a buzz that the government is ready to forgo the much-criticised 1 per cent additional tax at the point of origin that the states were proposed to collect over and above the gst.
this comes after the likely concession being considered in the gst rate which is expected to be below 20 per cent.
finance minister arunjaitley called a meeting of the ministry officials to discuss the changes in the bill.
the move is to reach out to the opposition at the all-party meeting ahead of the winter session commencing on november 26.
the congress said it has no objection to the bill getting cleared by the rajya sabha if three conditions  gst rate, one per cent additional tax and inclusion of petroleum and liquorare resolved.
the winter session is probably the last chance the government has in its hands for the gst bill to see the light of the day in order to stick to the april 2016 deadline.
a committee headed by chief economic advisor arvind subramanian, too, made a presentation before the finance minister on monday.
the committee is expected to give its report on december 4 or 5 on the gst rate, among other things.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu will meet leaders of the nda in both houses on tuesday, a day before he holds the all party-meeting.
the monsoon session remained a near wash-out on issues like an nda minister expediting ex-ipl chief lalit modis uk visa.
the opposition parties have closed ranks to corner the government on various issues in parliament.
govt affidavit on black money stashers next weeknew delhi, oct 23, 2014, dhns: 0:23 istthe centre is set to file a supplementary affidavit in the supreme court next week detailing plans to submit a list of names of those holding bank accounts in foreign tax havens in a sealed envelope before hearing resumes on a petition on black money on october 28.
this follows prime minister narendra modis reported decision to reverse the earlier stand of the government before the apex court that it could not disclose the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad till full investigation was done as it would jeopardise tax agreements with nations providing those names to india.
modi apparently discussed the issue with finance minister arunjaitley and bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah following criticism of the party and the government.
the congress and other parties have accused the bjp of hypocrisy.
the first list that the government intends to handover to the apex court may contain 136 of the nearly 800 names provided by european governments.
sources say a fresh list of 19 people having illegal accounts with liechtenstein bank could also be shared with supreme court followed by another 20-odd names from the hsbc geneva list.
under the tax treaties with switzerland and other nations, there is no bar on naming those in the list to a court if the matter is under investigation and if strong evidence was established.
with arunjaitley saying that the government and the bjp had nothing to hide and the congress had more reasons to worry if the names were revealed, political circles have been agog with speculation about the identity of the foreign account holders.
there has been talk in political circles about names of a former union minister and the son of another, a former mp with family links to a leading business house, and the scion of a political dynasty.
in a tv interview on tuesday, arunjaitley did not deny the possibility of a former minister being on the list.
i am neither confirming, nor denying.
i am only smiling, he said.
bar council asks du to shutdown evening law collegesnew delhi, jan 10, 2016 (pti) 15:06 istthe bar council of india (bci) has asked the delhi university to shutdown colleges offering law courses in evening shifts, saying such programmes does not ensure proper quality of legal education.
taking into account that proper quality of legal education cannot be ensured if classes are run during evening and night hours, the bar council of india has taken a policy decision to dispense with the evening colleges.
two of your law colleges are offering classes beyond 9 pm which is in violation of the bci directive.
.
.
whatever may have been the reason for running these colleges, the same cannot be permitted henceforth, a bci communication sent to du said.
the bci also asked du to issue a notification stating that no admissions be made for evening classes from the next year.
in an unprecedented move, the bci, the apex regulatory body for legal education and legal profession in india, had in 2014 decided to derecognise du'slawcourse after it failed to seek timely extension of the affiliation of its three centres, namely campus law centre, law centre-i and law centre-ii.
however, it was granted a provisional extension of affiliation for the 2014-15 session after du had proposed to shift to a new building which it claimed had adequate space for the faculty to run properly.
however, after a fresh inspection by a bci panel, the council had noted that besides fresh violations, the illegalities earlier highlighted remain unattended.
following this, the bci issued it a show-cause notice to explain the illegalities in its functioning including more than permissible student strength, lack of infrastructure and faculty.
it also directed the university to send an undertaking of compliance with rules rectifying the anomalies within four weeks.
meanwhile, du's dean of faculty of law ashwini kumar bansal was not available for comments on the issue.
eminent figures like finance minister arunjaitley , former hrd minister kapil sibal, supreme court judge rohinton nariman, former uttar pradesh chief minister mayawati and former chhattisgarh chief minister ajit jogi are among the the faculty of law alumni.
new delhi, press trust of india, apr 18 2017, 22:01 istindia will make a strong case for the extradition of controversial businessman vijay mallya from the uk as he squandered public money, did not pay employees and defaulted on bank loans, a top government source said today.
the government, he said, wants to break the myth that a law breaker is out of bounds once he is out of country.
mallya, 61, who has been declared a wilful defaulter on loan tied to his defunct kingfisher airlines, was arrested in london today on a request by the indian government, a year after he left the country.
he was, however, released on bail.
squandering public money, you don't pay employees, you don't pay banks and you maintain a lavish lifestyle and give the system a damn.
i think there's a hunger in indian public opinion to see such people in prison, the source said here.
the arrest, the source said, was in connection with default on an idbi loan.
the time taken by the uk court to decide on the extradition request will be less than indian courts, the source said adding new delhi will have to present strong proof as extradition request involves offence committed only in one country.
anyone facing extradition can resist the process on grounds that he may not get a fair trial in india or that the judicial system is biased against him or is politically motivated.
finance minister arunjaitley had made a case for extradition of mallya when british prime minister theresa may dropped in on a meeting between him and his uk counterpart in london last month.
the flamboyant liquor tycoon is accused of wilfully defaulting on more than rs 9,100 crore in debt accumulated by kingfisher airlines.
the source said indian authorities will have to present a case for extradition of mallya.
extradition process now starts, he said.
there is a myth that i will cross the geographical boundaries and take refuge and be out of bounds.
india needs to set this precedent.
earlier, minister of state for finance santosh gangwar said the government was assessing the facts (as to) how we can bring him back into the country and start judicial proceedings against him.
the government, he said, will leave no stone unturned to bring to justice anyone indulging in financial irregularities.
during lok sabha elections, prime minister narendra modi had talked about bringing black money back.
.
.
and of strong steps against economic offenders, he said.
he said the loan extended to mallya were under previous upa regime and the present government has taken steps to recover the loans and what happened today is part of that move.
we are taking stringent steps and will not protect any offender, he emphasised.
asked about bringing other offenders to india, he said it is in process.
the modi government will leave no stone unturned if anyone is indulging in misappropriation of funds.
we are entering into treaties with other countries so that offenders cannot flee.
we are on a path to bring the matter within the judicial purview and will assess it further, he said.
explaining the process, the source said deportation is not a preferred route in case of mallya as the uk takes such action only in cases when someone lands without a valid travel document.
once an extradition request is made, the british government considers merit and india has crossed that hurdle in mallya's case, the source said.
if they think it is a request worth considering, then they refer it to the court and then the uk government steps out.
so this step has been crossed now and the court issues a warrant.
after the warrant is issued, depending on the nature of the case, the court decides whether to give him bail or not.
since it is a monetary offence, they have given bail.
maybe if it was a murder case, they wouldn't have given a bail but the bail has some conditions, he said.
now, in the court, the indian authorities will have to present a case for extradition.
and in extradition, you have to present the facts that he is liable to be tried in india.
creating domestic demandmeenakshi rajeev, feb 4, 2017 23:55 istfarm sector in budget : how far some of budget's initiatives will be beneficial to small farmers facing severe crisis, depends on the process of implefinance minister arunjaitley presented the union budget amidst what he stated as high global uncertainty in terms of oil price increase, changing monetary policy stance and rise of protectionism policies of certain nations.
after the growth-dampening effects of demonetisation, creation of domestic demand by higher level of spending especially in rural sector in terms of increased allocation for rural job scheme, infrastructure development like rural housing and farmers welfare got emphasis in this budget.
containment of fiscal deficit at 3.
2  is another major target which he aims to achieve partly through higher amount of direct taxes received through demonetisation.
however, when we concentrate on the agriculture sector and farmers, how far some of his initiatives will be beneficial especially to the small and marginal farmers facing severe crisis today, depends critically on the process of implementation.
a few major challenges in this regard are worth noting.
first of all, we know that agricultural sector in india in general and in karnataka in particular is at a crossroads with different forces operating on it simultaneously.
in the case of karnataka, primarily, it is the predominance of the rain-fed agriculture that inhibits the growth, followed by vagaries of the weather.
consequent high instability in productivity is but a natural outcome of this situation which sets back the development clock in the agricultural sector.
the state has a very low share of area under irrigation and therefore, protective irrigation does not play any significant role.
due to the domination of the low-value low-density crops, the farmers income is continuously depressed, and given the periodic increase in prices of inputs (specifically of the cash inputs), farmers net income tends to shrink continuously, putting them under financial stress.
farm sector credit at reasonable terms and conditions is therefore of utmost importance.
in the budget, the target for agricultural credit in 2017-18 has been fixed at a record level of rs 10 lakh crore.
farm sector credit is at a subsidised interest rate of 7  with another 3  subvention for prompt repayment.
however, today in the farm sector credit, there is widespread prevalence of gold loan.
banks prefer crop loan with gold as security as it helps them curb the problem of default.
farmers also prefer such loans as they are less cumbersome and quick.
if we look at karnataka, more than 70  of short-term crop loans come under gold loan.
needless to say, it is the farmers with gold who can avail such a loan.
secondly, the landless tenant farmers who do not have land record to show, are left out of the net of formal credit.
thus, formal credit remains inaccessible for the poor and vulnerable farmers.
to overcome such problems, a pre-specified percentage of crop loan (under priority sector lending) needs to be non-gold based and directed towards the marginal and landless farmers.
only then the enhanced credit limit will benefit the poor farmers.
a farmer even after making right investments, may not get due returns because of unforeseen reasons, most often beyond her/his control.
in other words, farm income being uncertain, appropriate risk mitigation strategies are necessary for stabilising the income of the farmers.
there are mainly three types of risks emanating from as many sources of uncertainties.
these are: production, price and input risks.
while production risk may arise owing to two major factors  weather risk and risk from pests and diseases, price related risk occur due to sudden change of demand and instability in expectation formulation.
while all three types of risks appear to be present for farmers in india, production risks arising from uncertain weather is more significant as it often completely destroys the produce.
farmers unable to face such huge losses even commit suicide.
one of the significant ways a farmer can hedge production risk, arising from tentative weather condition is through crop insurance.
crop insurancethe pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana (pmfby) is a new crop insurance scheme designed to provide insurance coverage to the farmers.
under this scheme, the premium for farmers is brought down to 2  (earlier 2.
5 ) for kharif, and 1.
5  for rabi.
commercial/horticulture crops which were earlier under actuarial premium rate, now have a cap of 5  premium rate.
in addition, various categories are introduced in pmfby for claims such as: prevented sowing, mid season adversity etc.
in this budget, the minister has enhanced financial support to the crop insurance scheme to rs 9,000 crore.
he also stated that the coverage of this scheme will be increased from 30  of cropped area in 2016-17 to 40  in 2017-18 and 50  in 2018-19.
while this is a welcome move, if we look at the percentage of farmers who adopted crop insurance in the country , it is found to be quite low and karnataka which faces major weather related uncertainties (due to drought), the enrolment rate is found to be lower than the all india average.
for example, for kharif 2016, only 12.
2  of farmers enrolled for pmfby.
one major reason for non-adoption is the lack of information about the scheme.
thus, the poorest of the poor get excluded and it is the better off farmers who take the advantage.
secondly, even though the loanee farmers should get automatically insured, the insurance coverage figure shows otherwise.
thus, large percentage of loanee farmers remain excluded and one can imagine the status of the farmers who do not get access to formal sector loan.
another major reason for non-adoption is that crop insurance is area-based and depends on cost of cultivation survey results.
thus, even if a farmers crop is destroyed, compensation would depend on whether the area in which the farmer is cultivating is considered as low yield area for that year or not based on the cost of cultivation survey.
threshold level of yield which forms the basis for compensation, is a mystery to the farmers.
therefore, farmers feel that they may be paying insurance premiums unnecessarily and may not get compensated adequately for their losses.
new delhi, mar 1, 2015 (pti) 14:34 istunder the proposed new counter-black money law, concealment of income and assets and evasion of tax in relation to foreign assets will be prosecutable with rigorous imprisonment of up to 10 years.
further, the offence will be made non-compoundable and the offenders will not be permitted to approach the settlement commission.
as regards curbing domestic black money, a new and more comprehensive benami transactions (prohibition) bill will be introduced in the current session.
he also proposed to amend the income tax act to prohibit acceptance or payment of an advance of rs 20,000 or more in cash for purchase of immovable property.
quoting of pan is being made mandatory for any purchase or sale exceeding the value of rs 1 lakh.
the third party reporting entities would be required to furnish information about foreign currency sales and cross border transactions, he had said.
the finance minister also said appropriate amendments will be made in the prevention of money laundering act (pmla) and the foreign exchange management act (fema) so that the assets of money launderers and violators of forex laws could be seized, attached and put under prosecution.
the sit has 11 members in the panel who are the heads or top officials of central investigative and enforcement agencies of the country.
the panel was notified by the government last year on the directions of the supreme court and is mandated to lead india's fight against the menace, especially to check illegal assets of indians stashed abroad.
the panel has held various meetings till now and has also presented two major action taken reports to the apex court and government vis-a-vis status of investigations in black money cases and recommendations for tightening laws to check the menace.
the measures (that were announced in budget) are very good.
almost all provisions (as suggested by sit and otherwise) have been made.
.
.
(in the speech delivered by finance minister arun jaitley).
these measures will make it easier and better to find out the instances of illegal money and these were much needed.
but, how it is implemented (the budget announcements) this has to be seen.
it is good to know that it has been said that any cash transaction beyond rs 1 lakh should have a pan number (to be furnished).
this is a very good thing, sit chairman justice (retd) m b shah told pti.
jaitley, yesterday during the announcement of the union budget, declared the government's proposal for a comprehensive law to check the menace by providing for a jail term upto 10 years for hiding foreign assets.
the minister also said a host of other tough measures including dis-incentivising of cash dealings in real estate and other transactions will be put in place.
we (sit) are happy about the budget proposals.
all these measures will actually boost our efforts (in unearthing and combating black money).
it (budget) is very happening.
.
.
now sit will have some tip to go behind them (tax evaders) who have undisclosed income.
it will also have more deterrent effect as there are harsher penalties and prosecution, vice-chairman of the high-powered panel, justice (retd) arijit pasayat said.
the sit, in its report submitted to the supreme court and government last year, had made suggestions on these lines to the finance ministry, some of which have found mention in jaitley's speech.
'state check posts will go under gst; excise point may stay'new delhi, press trust of india, may 5 2017, 18:35 istthe rates will be common under the goods and services tax and for the movement of goods in or outside a state, there is no need to check whether goods have moved physically out of the state or not, he said.
state level check posts which collect taxes on movement of goods will not be required under the gst regime that will take effect from july 1, although excise collection points may remain as they relate to taxation on alcohol, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said today.
the rates will be common under the goods and services tax and for the movement of goods in or outside a state, there is no need to check whether goods have moved physically out of the state or not, he said.
so, as far as taxation is concerned, the check posts will go.
there are couple of other check posts like the state excise check posts.
state excise is the state duty on liquor/alcohol, now these things may remain, he said at the concluding day of 'india integrated transport & logistics summit 2017' here.
petroleum and alcohol products are not to be covered under the new indirect tax regime until the gst council decides to impose a rate on them.
adhia said the government is also in talks with various states to remove the check posts falling under road transport.
on the issue of service tax rate, he said it is yet to be decided by the gst council but it may differ for the transportation sector.
initial expectation of the market is that it should go to about 18 per cent for service tax.
as far as transportation sector is concerned, because we are not able to give you the input tax credit that is given on petrol and diesel, the rate will be different, he said.
what that rate will be, i cannot say, but it will be different for transportation sector, he added.
the next meeting of the gst council is scheduled for may 18-19.
in this round of the meeting to be headed by finance minister arunjaitley , the council is scheduled to finalise the rates of different commodities and services.
it is also expected to approve rates of remaining items.
the council has already approved half of the rules that are required for rolling out of gst from the scheduled date.
rules on registration of entities under gst, filing of returns, payment of tax and refund, invoicing and debit and credit notes have already been amended by the council.
azad's suspension reflects modi's style of functioning: congressnew delhi, dec 24, 2015, (ians): 10:04 istthe congress took a dig at the bjp over suspension of party mp kirti azad, saying that it was an illustration of prime minister narendra modi's dictatorial style of functioning.
the suspension of kirti azad from the bharatiya janata party is nothing but a manifestation of the corruptionphilia that grips the party, congress leader randip surjewala said in a statement on wednesday.
it is yet another statement on modi's and bjp president amit shah's style of functioning that is nothing but 'my way or highway', surjewala said.
he also said that bjp leaders facing allegations were sheltered by modi's immunity and complainants against corruption were suspended.
is this what probity and accountability in public life is all about, the congress leader said.
the bjp on wednesday suspended kirti azad, who has alleged large-scale corruption in delhi's cricket body when it was headed by now finance minister arun jaitley.
new delhi, dec 21, 2015 (pti) 21:48 istpressure today mounted on the government for securing the passage in the rajya sabha of the bill that seeks to lower the age defining juvenile from 18 to 16 years tomorrow itself.
on a day the supreme court rejected a plea against the release of juvenile offender in the december 16 gang-rape case, government said the amendments to juvenile justice act that will allow children between 16-18 years to be tried as adults in heinous crime cases will come up before rajya sabha tomorrow.
congress saw in this move brazen mischief by the government, alleging it was to defame the opposition and divert attention from ddca issue.
let them not do this mischief.
this is a total brazen mischief on the part of the government.
.
.
.
this is only to divert the attention of the opposition from raising other issues, about ddca, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said after congress disrupted proceedings in both the houses demanding resignation of finance minister arunjaitley for alleged graft in delhi and district cricket association.
the juvenile justice amendment act has already been passed in the lok sabha.
later, after a meeting with leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, the victim's father badri singh pandey said the congress leader gave the assurance that the bill will come in the upper house tomorrow.
asked about the release of the convict, he said, now, it is not the right time to talk about him as he is a free man and there is no law to hold him back.
our fight is not only for us but for all the women and girls.
the victim's mother asha devi while stating that her fight against the system would continue demanded that the new juvenile law be passed by rajy sabha tomorrow itself, a stand which was also echoed by chairperson of delhi commission for women(dcw) swati maliwal.
union minister ravi shankar prasad said the government is ready and very keen to pass this juvenile bill, as a demand for expeditious passage was made in the rajya sabha.
parliament's winter session concludes on wednesday.
derek o'brien (tmc) said he has given a notice under rule 267 seeking suspension of business in the rajya sabha and taking up the juvenile justice (care and protection of children) act, 2014.
he said the house had only three days to go before end of the winter session and government's listed agenda includes commercial courts, arbitration and real estate bill.
the government has not even listed the juvenile bill for discussion and passing today, he said during zero hour.
it is incumbent upon the house to listen to what is going on outside, he said, asking the house to rise above politics.
it is not a perfect bill but let us list it and pass the bill, o'brien said.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the bill was listed on december 8, 10 and 11.
we have listed it for tomorrow, he said, adding if all agree the bill can be taken up for discussion today itself.
outside parliament, prasad targeted congress, saying the bill has been thrice listed in the past for consideration and passage in rajya sabha; however, the house has not been able to run.
o'brien asked parties to rise above politics and allow the passage of the bill.
the nation wants this bill passed.
in the next two days, parties should rise above politics and pass this bill.
i appeal to the congress party for it, he said.
union minister uma bharti said she will appeal to congress president sonia gandhi to allow passage of the bill in the interest of the girls in the country.
there is an obvious anger in the country against the release of the juvenile accused in the nirbhaya case.
the bill was listed three times, but the congress is not allowing the session to work and justice is not being delivered to nirbhaya, union minister prakash javadekar said.
sp leader ramgopal yadav blamed politics for the delay in the passage of the bill.
cpi(m) leader brinda karat explained that even if the amendments to the act were passed, the new provisions would not apply retrospectively to the juvenile convict in the gangrape case.
worried, bjp plans to rally its baselast updated: 12 february, 2011bangalore, feb 12, dhns: 21:20 istworried over the implications of legal battles being faced by chief minister b s yeddyurappa and minister janardhana reddy, the ruling bjp has decided to organise a mega convention on february 20 at the palace grounds in bangalore to boost the morale of the party workers.
besides replenishing the confidence of the workers, the bjp wants to send out a strong message to its leaders at all levels that the party and its government are here to stay, and there is no need to lose heart because of charges faced by some top leaders, including yeddyurappa.
the convention will drive home the point that the party is above individuals, irrespective of their positions.
the party workers are worried about the future, especially after governor h r bhardwaj granted permission to prosecute the chief minister.
briefing reporters on the convention, partys state president k s eshwarappa said three workers from each of the 43,000 polling booth limits across the state will take part in the event, to be inaugurated by party national president nitin gadkari.
the aim is to strengthen the party base and disseminate information about the achievements of the government.
he was speaking after attending a meeting of all ministers and top leaders of the party convened by the chief minister.
yeddyurappa called the meeting following directions from the party national leaders that he should take everybody into confidence while taking major decisions.
no leadership changeeshwarappa dismissed as mere speculation triggered by the congress and the jd(s) that the state is heading for mid-term polls and said: there is no change of guard.
we will work unitedly under the leadership of yeddyurappa in the coming two years.
the opposition parties are only trying to create confusion in the minds of people about mid-term election.
yeddyurappa said no significance should be attached to his two-day trip to delhi and termed it routine.
the bjp is a national party.
as the chief minister, i have to brief my high command on the political situation in the state and also seek its guidance, he added.
he had called on senior leaders like l k advani, arunjaitley and sushma swaraj in the last two days in delhi.
sources said the leaders also discussed about selection of the party candidate for the election to the rajya sabha seat, which fell vacant following the recent death of m rajashekaramurthy.
though no decision was taken at the meeting, there seems to be opposition for fielding dhananjaya kumar.
fm ensures cigarettes burn bigger hole in smokers' pocketnew delhi, feb 29, 2016, (pti) 20:49 istexcise duty on cigarettes was today hiked for the fifth year in a row, as government continued the crack down on consumption of tobacco and allied products.
consequently, popular cigarettes brands such as gold flake kings and wills classic will cost up to rs 125, dearer by nearly rs 15 per pack of 10 sticks, while those of premium brands like marlboro and benson & hedges will cost about rs 250 pack of 20 cigarettes, up by more than rs 30.
the move, however, has been criticised by the lobby group tobacco institute of india (tii) stating that the continuing discriminatory treatment of cigarettes is a matter of deep concern.
it is extremely disappointing that the union budget 2016-17, on the back of 4 successive years of steep duty increases, has once again raised the excise duty rates on cigarettes, tii said in a statement.
beedis, which are the most popularly consumed smoking tobacco product in india, specially in rural areas, have once again been spared with no increase in tax after 2012-13, it added.
the increase of 10 per cent in duty rates announced in this year's union budget will take up the cumulative duty impact since 2012-13 to 118 per cent, it said.
in his budget 2016-17 proposals, arunjaitley sought to raise additional duty of excise on cigarettes for filter and non- filter not exceeding 65 mm to rs 215 from rs 70 per 1,000 sticks.
additional duty on non-filter exceeding 65 mm but less than 70 mm and filter exceeding 70 mm but less than 75 mm has also been increased by over three times to rs 370 for per thousand pieces as against the existing rs 110.
for filter cigarettes exceeding 65 mm but not exceeding 70 mm, it has been increased to rs 260 for every thousand sticks as against the existing duty of rs 70.
for other categories, additional duty has been increased over three times to rs 560 per thousand from the existing rs 180.
last year, in the budget of 2015-16, the government had increased excise duty on cigarettes by 25 per cent for cigarettes of length not exceeding 65 mm and by 15 per cent for cigarettes of other lengths, citing need for promotion of public health.
in this year's budget, the government has also proposed to increase excise duty on gutkha, chewing tobacco (including filter khaini) and jarda scented tobacco to 81 per cent from the existing 70 per cent.
similarly, excise duty on unmanufactured tobacco has been proposed to increase 64 per cent from the existing 55 per cent.
tariff rate of excise duty on paper rolled biris [whether handmade or machine made] and other biris (other than hand made biris) being increased, the government said.
lamenting the government's move, tii said: the combined effect of government's persistently high and discriminatory central and state level taxation on cigarettes has severely impacted the legal cigarette industry, sub-optimised government's revenue collection, encouraged shift to non- cigarette tobacco products and provided a huge fillip to illegal cigarette.
curtains will soon come down on five year planssagar kulkarni, new delhi: feb 08, 2015, dhns: 0:17 istcurtains will soon fall on the five year plans as the fledgling niti aayog, that replaced the planning commission, takes root.
however, there were clear indications that the modi government will not scrap the 12th five year plan which was drafted during the erstwhile upa regime and came into force in 2012-13.
the 12th five year plan will continue in the transition period as we shift from planning commission to niti aayog, government sources said.
the issue came up for discussion at the first meeting of the governing council of the niti aayog chaired by prime minister narendra modi here.
the sectoral plans, as envisaged by the niti aayog, would start rolling out in the 12th plan period and the state plans would also continue for the next two financial years, the source said.
however, the 12th plan would be the last five year plan as niti aayog would be on a firmer footing by 2016-17, the final year of the 12th plan.
we are carrying out a mid-term review of the 12th plan, said finance minister arunjaitley adding that some suggestions on the status of the plan were made during the meeting.
the niti aayog or the national institution for transforming india was constituted by the modi government on the new years day, replacing the planning commission set up by first prime minister jawaharlal nehru in 1950.
in its 65-year history, the planning commission had drafted 12 five year plans and six annual plans involving fund outlays of more than rs 200 lakh crore.
the planning commission lacked flexibility; the states had to approach it with their demands.
niti aayog has a flexible approach.
decisions will be taken in consultation with the state governments, maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis told reporters.
the 12th plan document had estimated an average annual growth of eight per cent during the plan period 2012-13 to 2016-17.
it also put forth two different scenarios with the first projecting 6-6.
5 per cent average growth a year if economic reforms were inadequate and another projecting 5-5.
5 per cent growth if there was a logjam.
the first two years of the plan period saw an average annual growth of 4.
6 per cent.
however, last month, the government changed the method of computing economic growth rate, as well as the base year.
now, the growth target will have to be reworked in light of these changes.
factions pour out grievances before pradhanbangalore, may 18, 2012, dhns: 1:09 istbjp general secretary dharmendra pradhan on friday lent his ears to grievances aired by supporters of chief minister d v sadananda gowda against b s yeddyurappa and vice-versa.
pradhan, who arrived in bangalore on friday morning, held an hour-long discussion with former chief minister b s yeddyurappa at the latters race course road residence.
later in the evening, pradhan met d v sadananda gowda and party state president k s eshwarappa at the partys state office in malleswaram.
rural development and panchayat raj minister jagadish shettar also briefly called on pradhan.
he also met some legislators from both the camps.
leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, arunjaitley , who was also supposed to arrive in bangalore, had to cancel the visit due to other commitments.
yeddyurappa is said to have given his side of the story on why he had to strike a rebellion against gowda and eshwarappa.
but, yeddyurappa refused an invitation to come to the party office for talks, it is said.
gowda lodging a complaint with party national president against six ministers close to yeddyurapa and seeking action for their alleged anti-party activities is said to have figured in the talks.
instances of alleged unilateral decisions taken by gowda without consulting his cabinet colleagues were placed before pradhan, according to a legislator privy to the meeting.
eshwarappa reportedly told pradhan that repeated rebellions by yeddyurappa and his supporters was damaging the image of the party.
further, the party was finding it difficult to understand yeddyurappa as he was changing his stand every other day, he told pradhan.
on his return to new delhi, pradhan will submit a report to the party central leaders on his assessment on the internal bickering in the state unit.
based on the report the central leadership would discuss ways, if any, of defusing the crisis in the faction-ridden party, sources said.
informal discuss on the council polls and council nominations were also held.
many questions about operationsnew delhi, jan 07, 2016, dhns 0:56 istpathankot attack: once battle began, the command changed thricefrom missing hours to the command failure, questions were raised on the success of the pathankot operation, more than 24 hours after terrorists were gunned down inside the air station.
as prime minister narendra modi reviewed the consequences of the terror attack with his cabinet colleagues rajnath singh, arunjaitley and sushma swaraj, there are several gaps that need to be closed for an accurate reconstruction of the chain of events leading to the terror attack and proper analysis of the strike back by security agencies.
the presence of terrorists on the indian soil was established around 12.
30 am on january 1 when they made the first phone call to pakistan.
the attack on the base came almost 26 hours later, raising questions on where did the terrorists hide for an entire day carrying almost 40 kg of bullets along with several kg of rdx, guns and grenades.
also it is anybodys guess on what steps the punjab police took after its top officials were informed by the abducted sp salwinder singh about the terrorists.
the sp himself is under investigation by the national investigation agency.
how the terrorists managed to enter the highly guarded air base and why they were not stopped on the roads are two key questions.
the army cant do the civil duty.
it cant stop people on the road, defence minister manohar parrikar stated at pathankot on tuesday, giving an indirect hint to what the punjab police should have done after receiving the alerts several hours in advance.
once the operations began, the command changed thrice within a short time  from an army brigadier to a major general in the national security guards and then to a air marshal of the indian air force.
also the director general of the nsg and a deputy inspector general of the border security force landed in pathankot, adding to the command confusion.
with questions on the command confusion and why the army was given a secondary role being discussed in the capital, the military has come out on record denying absence of synergy.
parrikar, however, stated at pathankot that he advised the army and nsg to carry out for training exercises together.
a well coordinated effort by all security agencies including the army, nsg, local police and iaf succeeded in neutralising the terrorists, says a statement from the iaf on wednesday.
there was excellent synergy among agencies in this operation, said lt gen k j singh, western army commander.
many retired military officers, however, felt otherwise.
suspicion over punjab sps abduction claimsthere is an air of suspicion in the testimony of superintendent of police (sp) sulwinder singh that he was abducted by terrorists and later freed before the pathankot terror attack, dhns reports from chandigarh.
as a result, the national investigation agency(nia) is still unsure if he is a crucial witness in the terror strike in pathankot, a whistle-blower or even a possible suspect.
the nia has been questioning him for long hours.
he was taken around on wednesday by a team of nia to reconstruct the crime scene.
for now, the nia is finding inconsistencies in the version of the sp, who is also facing a sexual harassment complaint by some of his juniors.
the abduction episode leaves many questions unanswered.
pm-led panel finalises chief info commissionernew delhi, dec 16, 2015, pti: 1:38 ista committee led by prime minister narendra modi is understood to have decided on the new chief information commissioner (cic), a post lying vacant for about a fortnight.
the meeting of the committee, held on wednesday in the prime ministers office in parliament, was attended by finance minister arunjaitley and leader of the congress party in lok sabha, mallikarjuna kharge, sources said.
the name of the next cic has been finalised, they said.
the name was not disclosed.
the central information commission is working headless for the second time since the bjp came to power in 2014, after vijai sharma completed his tenure on december 1.
the transparency watchdog was without a chief for nearly 10 months after the completion of tenure of the then chief rajiv mathur in august 2014.
at present, there are seven information commissioners  basant seth, yashovardhan azad, sharat sabharwal, manjula prasher, m a khan yusufi, madabhushanam sridhar acharyulu and sudhir bhargava in the commission.
as per convention, the senior-most information commissioner is made the chief.
fm: demonetisation debate proved wrongnew delhi, dh news service, may 3 2017, 0:45 istjaitley said the economy also did not see any lack of demand due to demonetisation.
his statement was supported by the just-released manufacturing pmi, which showed that the country's manufacturing sector had witnessed robust growth for the fourth month in a row in april.
in fact, the whole debate surrounding demonetisation proved wrong.
jaitley said the economy also did not see any lack of demand due to demonetisation.
his statement was supported by the just-released manufacturing pmi, which showed that the countrys manufacturing sector had witnessed robust growth for the fourth month in a row in april.
one of the key arguments against demonetisation was that it would impact the economy by about two percentage points and derail job creation.
but an industry report recently showed that india created 1,22,000 jobs in the october-december quarter of 2016, the period when demonetisation was at its peak.
the ecoscope report released by motilal oswal group, late last month, showed that employment generation in the third quarter (october-december) of 2016 was more than the previous six months (april-september) of the financial year 2016-17.
sectors such as manufacturing, construction, trade, transportation, hospitality, it, education and health saw maximum jobs growth in the period.
these sectors employ more than 80  of indias population.
jaitley said the reforms under the prime minister narendra modi government have also laid to rest the debate on whether economic reforms have a political cost.
criticism against anna bhagya, an insult to the poor: govinda raomysuru: july 5, 2015, dhns: 0:01 istactivist g k govinda rao criticised three renowned kannada writers for their criticism against anna bhagya scheme, here, on sunday.
the three writers have insulted the poor sections of society, by stating that people who receive rice under the scheme will turn lazy, he said.
he was speaking at a workshop on questions of poverty and hunger, organised by dalita sangarsha samithi sangatanegala okkoota and dr b r ambedkar research and extension centre, university of mysore, at rani bahadur auditorium.
he said, writers s l bhyrappa, de javeregowda and kum veerabhadrappa have criticised the government scheme, claiming that the poor will grow lazy due to it.
one among them has said that anna bhagya will lead to alcoholism among poor families.
such statements are an insult to the poor, he said.
all the three writers have come up from poor families.
they have struggled to make two ends meet in their past.
such persons should not forget their past and insult the poor, he said.
writer k marulasiddappa, aiming his criticism at the writers, said, they have chosen to ignore the corporate-friendly central government and trained their guns against the state governments welfare schemes.
he said, the recent decision of finance minister arunjaitley to give tax concessions to the tune of five to 10 per cent, resulted in a loss of rs 1.
75 lakh crore to the exchequer.
however, the cost of anna bhagya is around rs 5,000 crore.
the writers, while criticising the state, ignore the anti-people policies of the centre, he added.
panditharadhya shivacharya seer of sanehalli mutt said, writer s l bhyrappa should return the national research professor title.
union minister for human resource development smrithi irani had granted the title and since several questions are raised about her qualification, bhyrappa should return the title, he said.
he said, bhyrappa is a novel manufacturer, who wrote one novel every two years.
it is true that he has a large number of readers.
however, there is no relationship between the number of readers and the quality of writing, he added.
reveal names of all secret account holders today: scashish tripathi, new delhi, oct 28, 2014, dhns: 1:27 istjudges tell centre not to put protective umbrella over peoplethe supreme court on tuesday asked the union government to give a complete list of persons who had stashed money in foreign banks, and pulled it up for being overly cautious on the issue.
a three-judge bench, presided over by chief justice h l dattu, asked attorney general mukul rohatgi to submit the list of all names in sealed cover by wednesday, rejecting his plea that not all accounts in offshore institutions would have black money.
the apex court refused to modify its 2011 order, which had directed the disclosure of names of all account-holders in foreign destinations, even though rohatgi insisted that revealing the details received from other countries without prosecutable evidence could jeopardise the governments prospects of getting further details.
we cant leave the issue of bringing back black money to the government.
it will never happen in our lifetime, said the bench, pulling up the government for being overly cautious on the issue.
you dont have to protect anyone.
why are you putting a protective umbrella over those people (who have accounts in foreign banks)?
give us the entire list in a sealed coverall the information that you received from france, germany or other countries, said the bench, also consisting of justices ranjana prakash desai and madan b lokur.
as soon as the hearing on the governments plea for modification of the 2011 order began, the court made its intent clear by asking the government to disclose all names to the court and to the justice m b shah-headed special investigation team (sit).
the court said it would decide the future course of action, including investigation, after the disclosure.
you (the government) dont have to take care of so much about interest of those people (with foreign bank accounts).
you requested the countries for information.
pass the information to us, the bench said.
rohatgi contended that in the double tax avoidance agreements the government had entered or was likely to enter, it had to give a confidentiality certificate for exchange of information.
please dont give the certificate to anyone.
we dont want money belonging to the country to go away, said the bench, adding that the account-holders would come back to us and say that it is their hard-earned money.
rohatgi said the government had already submitted the list to the sit on june 27.
the moment you disclose the names, the sit may issue notice to the persons concerned.
whatever names you have, pass it on to us.
unless we monitor, nothing will come out, said the bench.
disclose all the names to us as disclosed by the countries.
that is what the petitioner wants.
give it (the information) to us.
we will pass on the details to the i-t department or the cbi, it added.
the court said that the sit would decide whether to order a cbi probe or income tax probe against the names revealed.
the government, which revealed only eight names on monday in an affidavit, is now left with no choice, said noted lawyer and petitioner ram jethmalani.
bjp slaps show cause notice on azadnew delhi, dec 31,2015 (pti) 21:17 istbjp today slapped a show-cause notice on its suspended mp kirti azad, asking him to explain within 10 days why he should not be expelled from the party for indiscipline and anti-party activities.
bjp sources said the notice is a standard follow-up to suspension of a party leader and a decision on expulsion of azad, who has continued to attack finance minister arunjaitley over the delhi cricket body (ddca) affairs, will depend on his reply.
sources close to the three-time darbhanga(bihar) mp said he was ready with his reply and will send it to the party headquarters tomorrow.
party leader subramanian swamy, who had earlier questioned his suspension, has vetted his reply, they said.
an undeterred azad has continued to target arunjaitley over the alleged corruption in delhi and district cricket association and also attacked party mp and bcci secretary anurag thakur besides rajeev shukla of congress over alleged irregularities in cricket administration.
the show cause notice spells out his anti-party activities, including his demand of cbi probe in the lok sabha into the ddca affairs and his continued allegations even though bjp and the government had refuted similar charges levelled by opposition parties like congress and aap.
in a letter to party chief amit shah soon after he was suspended on decemebr 23, azad had claimed that he was a loyal bjp soldier and had not done anything against the party.
he later insisted that he had committed no crime by raising the issue of corruption, which the party had pledged to fight resolutely.
bjp has accused him of colluding with congress and aap to bring the party and its leaders into disrepute.
you have colluded with opposition parties, including congress and aap, and embarrassed the party and its office bearers.
you have both inside and outside parliament conducted yourself in a manner which clearly amounts to indiscipline and anti-party activities.
.
.
you have made several statements in the media which constitute anti-party activities and such unfounded allegations were clearly intended to bring the party and its office-bearers into disrepute.
your actions have also resulted in lowering the prestige of party and its office-bearers, the party had recorded while suspending him on december 23.
new delhi, march 1, 2016 (pti) 12:27 istruling nda mps today hoped that the general budget's rural pitch will blunt opposition attack and help the alliance in the forthcoming assembly polls.
the first bjp parliamentary party meeting in the session in which members of its allies were also invited had finance minister arunjaitley speak in detail about india's strong growth amid the global slowdown and members were also briefed about government's developmental agenda in the coming years.
prime minister narendra modi, bjp chief amit shah besides other senior leaders attended the meeting.
mps were very enthusiastic about the budget as it will empower villages, farmers and youth.
it is dedicated to them and all round development of the country.
india has always been called an agrarian country but this is the first time that people have realised that with the budget being dedicated to farm sector, union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi told reporters.
we have heard about 'jai jawan, jai kisan' and this budget is dedicated to 'jai kisan', he said following the meeting.
shah also praised the budget.
a presentation was also made in the meeting about the government's development projects aimed at poor, youth and weaker sections, he said.
by 2019, he said, all villages will have electricity, water, irrigation and road connectivity, he said.
that year, incidentally, is also scheduled to hold the next lok sabha poll.
members also spoke about the government's efforts to bring people under the net of social security.
modi did not speak in the meeting, he said.
asked about the opposition's notice for privilege motion against hrd minister smriti irani, he said bjp members had also brought privilege motion against some opposition members.
some parties have been beaten during the debate in parliament on the issue.
now they are crying in frustration, he said, in a dig at congress and other opposition parties.
the rs 2.
11 lakh crore recapitalisation plan announced for public sector banks (psbs) is a monumental step not because we may get great results from the veterinary dose of recapitalisation, but because of the fait accompli that the narendra modi government finds itself presented with, as all the stakeholders in the banking system  psbs, the centre, the rbi, the rating agencies, statutory auditors, unscrupulous and dishonest corporates/borrowers  are responsible for the bad loans mess.
that is precisely why they are all cheering finance minister arunjaitley announcement and the sensex/bank nifty have risen to all-time highs.
the recapitalisation decision, the rs 6.
92 lakh crore investment plan under the 83,677-km bharatmala road-building project, union revenue secretary hasmukh adhias admission that the rate structure of the stillborn goods and services tax (gst) requires complete overhaul, the increase in the minimum support prices (msp) of wheat, pulses and oilseeds, and modi reviving the prime ministers economic advisory council are all reflective of the desperation, even panic, and urgency to shore up the sagging economy.
together, they appear to be the economic manifesto as we head into elections in gujarat, himachal pradesh and karnataka and finally the 2019 lok sabha elections.
the recapitalisation amount of rs 2.
11 lakh crore is to be garnered through three measures  rs 1.
35 lakh crore by way of bonds, rs 18,000 crore by way of budgetary allocations and rs 58,000 crore by dilution of the governments stake inpsbs to around 52 .
the recapitalisation exercise has become necessary because the banks monstrous non-performing assets (npa) have choked economic growth despite favourable macroeconomic factors such as low/benign inflation, relatively good monsoons, favourable international crude oil prices and substantial forex reserves of over $400 billion.
the banks are sitting on a humongous pile of npa  to the tune of rs 12 lakh crore.
if we factor in the time bomb 6090 days clause for reckoning further loans as npa, that would add another rs 8 lakh crore in toxic assets.
theoretically, the recapitalisation of psbs should help the banks to clean up their balance sheets, provide capital for the additional provisioning required for npa, as per rbi and national company law tribunal (nclt) norms, write off unrecoverable cases, equip for capital adequacy for basel iii requirements, which become effective in 2019, and start lending for growth sectors.
the de-stressing of all the toxic assets with the psbs should help them to start lending again to the core sectors  infrastructure, roads and highways, steel, cement, coal, power, real estate and affordable housing  to galvanise the economy.
the banks credit offtake is at a historic low at 7 , with the gdp nosediving to 5.
7 .
the plan envisages that fresh lending to the core sectors, with a special focus on micro, small and medium enterprises (msme ) through sector-specific mudra financing, will kickstart job creation, which has been stagnant, and the private investment cycle through the multiplier effect and virtuous cycle of employment, income, savings and investment.
the bank bailout plan, once it materialises, will be a quick fix or band-aid solution but can have huge repercussions and cause damage  direct and collateral  in the long run.
issues of concerns1.
the centre is yet to come out with the concrete recapitalisation bond model/sale mechanism.
repercussions will be known only when the bond scheme is announced as there are critical issues involved that can adversely affect and disrupt the economy.
2.
the design and architecture of the bond itself will be a challenge.
who should issue the bonds  the government or a special purpose vehicle (spv) or a holding company?
who will subscribe to the bonds and at what coupon rate, will be the crux of the issue?
3.
if the government issues the bonds, say at 8-10 , and psbs subscribe to them using the excess liquidity they are holding as a result of demonetisation, the government will have to service the interest component, which could be as high as rs 8,000-10,000 crore, leading to fiscal slippage.
the fiscal deficit target of 3.
2  of the gdp will be breached.
worrisome, as the deficit had already surpassed 96  of the budget of rs 5.
25 lakh crore by the end of august itself!
4.
post-npa clean-up of the psbs, what is the guarantee that the banks will be prudent in lending to the core sectors and corporates?
bankers have become diffident about lending to the growth-engine sectors, who are the major defaulters, as they are scared of punitive actions, forensic audits and subjugation to enquiries by the 4cs -- cbi, cvc, cag and the courts.
if all goes well, however, private investment and the capex will be revived, but only after september/december 2018.
5.
banks recapitalisation will solve one side of the twin balance sheet issue.
corporate balance sheets are still bleeding and are trapped in the vicious cycle of bad debts, low demand, meagre earnings and high interest rates on borrowings.
the gloom has been further aggravated by the disruption, confusion and dents inflicted by demonetisation, gst and rera.
6.
the bailout in the form of recapitalisation of banks and loan waivers to defaulters will send a very wrong signal to prudent bankers (private/public) and good clients, as bad banks are salvaged and unscrupulous bankers go scot-free.
this is a serious moral hazard and will have a negative demonstration effect.
7.
radical steps should be taken through administrative and banking reforms to privatise weak psbs while they still have some intrinsic value  merge bigbanks that have synergies for economies of scale, dilute government stakes in psbs to less than 48  so that bankers can function honestly, independently and professionally, and couple all these with a total overhaul in the salary structure, award and reward mechanism, in sync with the best private banks and global standards.
otherwise, recapitalising banks will not yield results.
rather it will be like pumping oxygen into a dead body.
new delhi, feb 3, 2015 (ians): 18:50 istaap leader arvind kejriwal tuesday dared the government to arrest him if he was indeed guilty of money laundering.
i challenge the government to arrest me if they have the courage, kejriwal thundered at an aam aadmi party (aap) rally at trilokpuri in east delhi.
they don't have the guts to do that, he added to thunderous applause.
kejriwal was responding to charges levelled by the bjp that the aap had indulged in money laundering and finance minister arun jaitley's statement that a probe will be conducted into this.
kejriwal said even his worst critics admitted that he was an honest man and would never do any wrong-doing.
new delhi, feb 28, 2015 (pti) 13:59 istasking rich and wealthy to pay higher tax, finance minister arunjaitley today abolished the wealth tax but increased the surcharge to 12 per cent on individuals earning rs 1 crore and above annually and on firms with an annual income of rs 10 crore or more.
moreover, the minister also introduced a surcharge of 7 per cent on companies having an income between rs 1 crore and rs 10 crore.
the new measures will lead to tax collection of rs 9,000 crore whereas the wealth tax could earn only rs 1,008 crore, he said.
the surcharge would now be 12 per cent for individuals earning rs 1 crore and above and companies with income of rs 10 crore and above.
there was no point in continuing the wealth tax as the cost of collection was high, he said, adding this will lead to tax simplification and widening of the tax base.
the surcharge would be applicable on individuals, hindu undivided families, firms, cooperative societies and local authorities having income exceeding rs 1 crore.
a surcharge of 10 per cent on taxable income of rs 1 crore and above was imposed in 2013-14 by the then finance minister p chidambaram.
my preliminary reaction to the impeachment motion filed today is clear.
it is a revenge petition after the falsehood of the congress party has been established in the justice loya death case.
it is an attempt to intimidate a judge and send a message to other judges, that if you dont agree with us, fifty mps are enough for a revenge action, he wrote.
he said the verdict in the judge loya death case exposes every facet of the conspiracy to generate falsehood as propaganda in the public and political space.
never ever so blatantly in the past have national political parties, a few retired judges and some senior lawyers so closely identified themselves with the generation of falsehood that they almost come out as conspirators.
he also voiced his anguish at four senior-most supreme court judges holding a press conference against the cji in january.
jaitley said if intimidatory tactics of institution disruptors and impeachment motion are threats to judicial independence, the single greatest threat is the divided court itself.
now that the conspiracy of the falsehood of the judge loya death case stands conclusively established, a few thoughts come to my mind.
the four judges of the supreme court who held the controversial press conference, are all experienced judges and in my view men of high integrity.
had they checked up the facts of judge loya case before commenting on it, even though only on a listing issue?
is the impeachment motion filed today a direct result of the press conference?
does this impeachment set a precedent that political parties in india will use impeachment as an instrument to intimidate judges hearing controversial matters?
what has happened today is a price the indian judiciary has to pay for misadventures of many, he said.
new delhi, mar 25, 2015 (pti) 20:22 istthe suspense over fate of the ordinance that amended the land acquisition act continued today, with finance minister arunjaitley saying the cabinet will take a call on it.
you will have to wait for the cabinet to take a decision, he said at 'the growth net' event here.
the cabinet, he said, will take a call on the entire issue.
the government in december last year had issued an ordinance to ease rules for acquisition of land for industries and other projects.
this ordinance, as per rules, has to be converted into an act within 6 weeks of convening of next parliament session.
the budget session of parliament began on february 23 and accordingly the land ordinance has to be converted into an act before april 5, failing which it will lapse.
the option of repromulgating the ordinance cannot be exercised as parliament is still in session and it has only broken for a recess for reconvening on april 20.
when the house is in session, the ordinance cannot be reissued and to do so parliament has to first be prorogued.
.
.
.
here there is an opportunity for us, at least for those states which wants to implement these provisions.
and they cannot be stopped by those who do not want to implement these provisions.
you cannot have a situation where one state says i will not grow and i will not allow others to grow.
that is not an acceptable economic proposition, the finance minister said, while highlighting advantages proposed by the nda government.
jaitley said the original land act of 2013 had 13 exempted areas.
instead of 13 it has become 18 (in the ordinance).
please do not forget that this ordinance in those 13 exempted areas has also provided for enhanced compensation.
and therefore the enhanced compensation to those 13 areas exists as as long as the ordinance exists, he said.
the opposition has termed the amendments as anti-farmer and blocked the passage of the law in rajya sabha, where the ruling nda is in minority.
it is being speculated that the government may allow the ordinance to lapse and bring a fresh bill addressing some of the concerns being raised now.
the right to fair compensation and transparency in land acquisition, rehabilitation and resettlement (amendment) bill 2015 was passed by the lok sabha on march 10.
the rajya sabha is yet to take it up.
the gst council also decided to tax footwear below rs 500 at 5  and biscuits at 18  under the gst, which will be rolled out from july 1.
jaitley said footwear costing above rs 500 will attract an 18  levy.
at present, footwear priced from rs 500-rs 1,000 attracts 23  tax, including excise duty, and vat levied by states.
jaitley announced that all natural fibres, including cotton and cotton yarn, fabrics and readymade garments valued below rs 1,000 have been classified under 5  gst rate, garments valued above rs 1,000 under 12 , synthetic or man-made fibres and synthetic yarn under 18 , while the fabric, irrespective of fibre, has been classified under 5  gst rate.
packaged food items sold under a registered trademark will be taxed at 5 .
the gst rate on agricultural machinery for all categories was also fixed at 5  .
while beedis will be taxed at 28  and will not attract any cess, tendu leaves will be taxed at 18 .
the gst on cigarettes is likely to be decided at the next council meeting on june 11.
solar panels will be taxed at 5  under gst.
25  would be imposed on a rough diamond.
he said the rate for gold was fixed after intense discussion and a consensus was reached fixing the rate at 3 , which is lower than the lowest slab of 5  under the new regime that will be implemented from july 1.
the new rate for gold is closer to the current tax incidence of around 2   -1   excise and 1  vat.
but some states charge a higher vat, leading to even 5   tax.
there was an extensive debate on gold, and fixing the rate between 2  and 5 .
but there was almost a vertical division.
a consensus has been finally reached at 3 , he said.
officials said the gst council took into account the concern of several states, particularly from the south, and market experts who had warned that a higher tax rate on gold will increase smuggling, with most traders choosing to evade taxation altogether.
there is already a high proportion of cash transactions on the metal.
jewellers had wanted the levy on the precious metal at close to a concessional rate of 1 .
jaitley declared that the central government was confident of sticking to the target date of july 1.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee had earlier said her state would not rollout the new indirect tax regime in its present form.
dh news servicecommodities present rate of tax gstgold 1  excise duty & 1  vat 3 biscuits 6  excise duty on products cost- 18 ing below rs 100 & 14.
5  vatreadymade 5.
5  vat 12  & yarngarments & fabric cotton 5 footwear up to rs 500 exempted 5  on productsabove rs 500 14.
new delhi: dec 26, 2015, dhns 2:20 istbjp mp seeks proof of his 'anti-party' activitiesbjp mp kirti azad, suspended for publicly taking on finance minister arunjaitley in the ddca corruption case, wrote to party chief amit shah demanding proof of his anti-party activities and asserted that he remained a loyal party soldier.
azads move comes a day after he had sought intervention of prime minister narendra modi and l k advani-led old guards who have decided to take up his case in the internal party forum.
the rss is also reportedly unhappy with the way azad episode was handled by the bjp as the ideological mentor believes that they were not consulted before initiating a decision which they felt was done in haste and under pressure from the aap mounting allegations against jaitley.
in his letter to shah, azad reiterated his earlier position that the suspension order was silent on charges against him, which as per reports was for criticising arunjaitley in the ddca case.
in all fairness and in keeping with the tenets of equity, i look forward to being provided an opportunity to clear my name on the serious charges of having acted against the party's interests.
i request you to kindly provide me at the earliest instances and proof that i have indulged in anti-party activities so that i can clear the air and provide you with answers to your satisfaction, confirming that i have neither acted against the party's constitution nor against the interests of our party, the third-time darbhanga mp wrote to shah.
azad, who had earlier though of meeting veteran leader m m joshi to decide the future course of action, changed his strategy to exhaust his right to seek reasons for which he was suspended.
he had also sought the help of party colleague subramanian swamy for drafting reply to his suspension order.
as you (shah) have not mentioned ddca corruption, i believe that the party has nothing to do with this matter and (it) is purely out of its preview, the cricketer-turned politician wrote.
on allegations that he colluded with aap and congress and brought disrepute to the bjp, the former test cricketer argued that he was a loyal bjp worker since 1993 when got elected as a delhi mla.
there has not been a single instance of blemish in my association with bjp which has given me every opportunity to work within the party constitution.
i reiterate that i remain a loyal bjp worker and have no intention of causing embarrassment to my party or to indulge in anti-party activities as my 23 years of unblemished record in the party will testify, he said.
new delhi, dec 17, 2015, pti: 14:48 istkeeping up the attack on finance minister arunjaitley , aap today alleged huge financial bunglings in ddca during his 13 year-old tenure as its chief, saying large amounts were siphoned off through fake companies besides other irregularies including in team selection.
at a press conference here, the aap leaders, quoting from reports of serious fraud investigation office (sfio), ddca's internal probe committee and a delhi government-appointed inquiry panel, accused arunjaitley of giving direct and indirect consent to massive corruption in the cricket body.
jaitley had yesterday rubbished the allegations and said he will not respond to vague charges.
the bunglings had happened under direct or indirect consent of arunjaitley during his tenure as ddca chief.
prime minister narendra modi must ask arunjaitley to resign to ensure fair probe as some of the competent agencies to invstigate the are under finance ministry, said aap spokesperson raghav chadha, flanked by a number of other leaders.
citing instances of such frauds, he alleged an additional expenditure of rs 90 crore was incurred in renovation of the feroz shah kotla stadium against sanctioned budget of rs 24 crore and that fake companies were set up by ddca office bearers to siphon off money through roundtripping.
payments were made to five companies whose registered addresses were same and were headed by same director.
there was duplication of funds and fictitious companies were paid for work they never did, alleged chadha.
calling the irregularities a commonwealth scam of cricket, they said bjp mp and former cricketer kirti azad had been seeking investigation into the serious allegations and a number of inquiry commitees have found gross misappropriation of funds in ddca.
the aap leaders repeated their allegations that arunjaitley was behind the cbi raid at delhi secretariat on monday as well as take over of delhi acb from delhi government by the centre to scuttle probe into ddca affairs.
the ddca was a den of corruption under arunjaitley , said chadha.
asked why they have come out with the reports of sfio and ddca's internal committee which were already in public domain, aap leader sanjay singh said the delhi government was committed to investigate the irregularities unlike past dispensations which sat over them.
the cbi had come looking for few incriminating documents that are not yet in public domain.
the raids were carried out in an attempt to intimidate the delhi government, he alleged.
aap said the statutory auditor of ddca has been facing prosecution for fudging accounts and that a statement to this effect was made by mos in finance ministry jayant sinha in parliament.
to jaitley's comment that he would only respond to specific charges, singh said now the finance minister should not only answer to the allegations but also should resign from the post.
jaitley is not only answerable to us.
but he is answerable to his own party members.
the aap leaders said acting on a communication dated july 27 from union sports ministry, the delhi government initiated a probe into irregularities in ddca.
a three-member committee was formed for the purpose headed by senior ias officer chetan sanghi.
the committee on november 17 gave a report to the chief minister highlighting glaring irregularities in ddca and recommended setting up of a commission of enquiry to thoroughly probe the matter, said chadha.
ashutosh claimed that sanghi was threatened of dire consequences by a joint secretary in the ministry of home affairs.
the party said 22 days after sanghi filed the report, on december 9, the acb registered a case of corruption against him in connection with some of his decisions during the sheila dikshit government.
the aap leaders quoted a ddca internal fact-finding committee report which they said the magnitude and extent of improprieties, irregularities and misconduct committed by various officials were of gigantic proportions.
they alleged that 10 newly constructed corporate boxes at feroz shah kotla were given out on lease to companies without following laid down rules during jaitley' tenure.
there were instances of proxy litigations to mint money.
lawyers who used to appear against ddca were paid by the cricket body itself, said chadha.
they alleged that arunjaitley had turned ddca into an exclusive club of elites and had institutionalised corruption.
only wards of political leaders and the rich can hope to play for delhi due to nepotism.
aap said forged age cerificates were used to fudge to let certain players get selected despite exceeding age limit and quoted fir into large number of such cases which the delhi police did not pursue.
selection of selectors and players for across age groups were as per jaitley's choice, said singh adding the party will come out with part two of the revealation soon.
kumar vishwas said the party had overheard that there was a big agenda against it lined up for friday.
vyapam: cong says bjp putting roadblocks of lame duck excusesnew delhi, july 7, 2015, (pti): 15:58 istcongress today dismissed mp chief minister shivraj singh chouhan's decision to request the high court to conduct a cbi inquiry into the vyapam scam, insisting that a supreme court-monitored cbi probe could alone ensure a fair investigation.
latest decision of shivraj to write to high court for cbi probe is another attempt to muzzle the truth.
congress rejects it in toto.
for a fair probe and justice to victims, supreme court-monitored cbi probe is the answer, party's communication department chief randeep surjewala said.
time bjp owned up to truth instead of putting repeated roadblocks of lame duck excuses, he said.
accusing chouhan and the bjp leadership of hoodwinking the truth and attempting to derail investigation, he said the chief minister had earlier rejected a sc-monitored cbi probe into the 49 deaths.
ms uma bharti says she fears for life of her supporters.
stf chief chandresh bhushan says stf officers have concern for their own security, he noted.
the congress leader charged that all of this was classic bjp doublespeak to quieten and muddle the truth.
congress leader digvijay singh criticised the prime minister's silence on the issue.
the prime minister remains mum in the country, he only tweets about what is happening in tunisia, algeria, he said.
singh, who has filed a petition in the supreme court seeking a cbi probe in the scam, said he would request the apex court to monitor the probe on a weekly basis as it monitored the 2g scam.
asked whether the chief minister should resign, singh said if chouhan was in the congress party, he would have been removed long back.
moral standards of congress and bjp are different, he stated.
replying to a question, he said the needle of suspicion was on the chief minister.
the congress reaction came after chouhan, bowing to public outcry, said that he will request the high court to order a cbi probe into the vyapam case, including the large number of deaths of people allegedly linked to the scam.
chouhan, who has been under opposition attack, said people wanted to know the truth and it had become imperative that the case be probed by cbi now to put to rest all doubts.
the opposition has alleged that nearly 50 people having links with the vyapam admission and recruitment scam have died since the investigation into the scandal began in july 2013.
at least five persons, including a journalist covering the scam, have died under mysterious circumstances in last one week.
congress has been demanding sacking of chauhan and has been insisting that a fair probe is not possible with him at the helm.
troubles mounted for chouhan yesterday over vyapam scam after a woman trainee sub-inspector recruited by the state board was found dead in a lake, triggering demands from congress for his immediate sacking and an impartial probe.
annapurna singh, dh news service, new delhi, jun 12 2017, 20:10 istamid growing farmers' protests for loan waivers, finance minister arunjaitley monday ruled out any central help for farm loan write-offs to states.
i have already made the position.
states which want to go for these kinds of schemes will have to generate them from their own resources.
jaitley was interacting with reporters after an annual review of public sector banks here.
on sunday, the bjp government in maharashtra had announced a loan waiver for over one crore farmers who have land holdings of less than five acres.
according to estimates, it would cost the state exchequer rs 30,000 crore.
farmers in major parts of maharashtra resorted to strike and violent protests demanding loan write-offs, free electricity, grants for irrigation and pension for farmers above 60 years.
madhya pradesh was also on the boil with state-wide farmers' agitation after five farmers were gunned down in police firing last week.
earlier, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than rs one lakh costing the exchequer to the tune of rs 36,000 crore.
recently, the drought-hit farmers of tamil nadu also agitated in here for more than a month demanding rs 40,000 crore package.
the centre had to provide a relief of rs 1,712 crore following that.
the reserve bank of india, however, warned of the fiscal situation getting out of hand if states unabatedly continued to waive farm loans.
in a post-policy press conference last week, governor urijit patel said the move will also stoke inflation in going forward.
he said waiver could dissipate the important gains that the states made in fiscal rectitude over the last 2/3 years.
patel also urged government's to restrain from making such loan waiver promises.
soon after rbi's warning, a report by bank of america merrill lynch cautioned that $ 40 billion, equivalent to 2  of gdp, will be written off in the run-up to 2019 election of such populist moves were adhered to.
new delhi, feb 28, 2015 (ians) 10:49 istfinance minister arunjaitley was set to present india's national budget for 2015-16 amid high expectations from all stakeholders in lifting overall growth, reinforced by the positive agenda set by the economic survey for big bang reforms.
as the new government is to present its first full year budget, it appears india has reached a sweet spot and that there is a scope for big bang reforms now, the survey, tabled by arunjaitley friday said, preparing the ground for the latest annual budget.
ahead of budget presentation, scheduled at 11 am in the lok sabha, arunjaitley met president pranab mukherjee, who was himself a finance minister, and was also present at the customary meeting of the cabinet, presided over by prime minister narendra modi inside parliament house.
in the meanwhile, the stock markets were all fired up, hoping for some positive outcomes from the budget to lift corporate fortunes, leading to the sensitive index (sensex) of the bombay stock exchange (bse) jump some 225 points, or 0.
75 percent.
the gain followed another rally friay that saw the 30-share benchmark index gain zoom 474 points or 1.
65 percent, based on the positive tone set by the economic survey, which predicted an 8-8.
5 percent growth for the next fiscal and said double digit expansion was now within reach.
this will be jaitley's second annual budget, with the first one tabled in the middle of the year after a major victory in the national elections for the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
in a way, the finance minister then had himself raised expectations from his second budget due saturday.
give martyr status to capf troops killed on duty: pay commnew delhi, nov 19, 2015, (pti) 21:10 istthe 7th pay commission has batted for granting martyr status to personnel of central paramilitary forces, on the lines of armed forces.
the commission is of the view that in case of death in the line of duty, the force personnel of central armed police forces should be accorded martyr status, at par with the defence forces personnel, the recommendations submitted by the commission today said.
the report was submitted today to finance minister arun jaitley.
associations of retired paramilitary forces and those serving have time and again said that they should be accorded such a status.
lalit faced fema case when pranab was fm, says chidambaramnew delhi, august 14, 2015, dhns: 0:41 istunder attack from the modi government for following the wrong route to nail lalit modi, former union minister p chidambaram on thursday tried to deflect the charges arguing that the foreign exchange management act (fema) proceedings against the former ipl boss were lodged when pranab mukherjee was the finance minister.
the fema cases against lalit modi were lodged when mr mukherjee was the finance minister, chidambaram said when asked about finance minister arunjaitley charge that the upa government followed the wrong route to get lalit modi back to india to face charges of financial irregularities.
he said lalit modis passport was also cancelled when mukherjee was the finance minister.
jaitley had argued that the upa government had filed a case under fema  which has a fine and penalty as maximum punishment  against lalit modi instead of the more stringent prevention of money laundering act (pmla).
chidambaram said the then upa government had launched fema proceedings against lalit modi and wanted him to be deported from britain, where he had fled after cases were filed against him.
the initial case was and could only have been registered under fema.
that is a starting point.
after fema in which the punishment is really fine and penalties, you have to investigate that offence and arrive at what is called a predicate offence, he said pointing out that arunjaitley had mentioned that phrase in his reply.
gst to be 5  on footwear below rs 500, 18  on restpress trust of india, new delhi, jun 3 2017, 19:20 istthe gst council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising his state counterparts, today decided on tax rates for six goods including footwear, textiles, biscuits and gold.
footwear below rs 500 will be taxed at 5 per cent under the goods and services tax, while the rest would be in the 18 per cent bracket once the new regime is rolled out from july 1.
gold, on the other hand, will be taxed at 3 per cent and biscuits at 18 per cent.
the gst council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising his state counterparts, today decided on tax rates for six goods including footwear, textiles, biscuits and gold.
sources said the footwear costing below rs 500 will be taxed at 5 per cent while that above rs 500 will attract 18 per cent levy.
currently, footwear priced from rs 500-1,000 attracts 6 per cent excise duty.
besides, states also levy vat.
sources said items like readymade garments are likely to be taxed at 12 per cent, while cotton textiles and cotton yarn will be in the 5 per cent category.
bidis are likely to be taxed at the highest rate of 28 per cent, they said.
the gst council has already fitted over 1,200 goods and 500 services in the tax bracket of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent last month.
the council at its 15th meeting today took up for discussion the remaining goods for taxation.
it approved the transition and return rules earlier in the day.
gst, to be rolled out from july 1, will unify 16 different taxes and make india a single market.
record rs 3.
96 l cr allocation for infra to spur growthnew delhi, feb 1, 2017, (pti) 13:10 istallocating a record rs 3.
the magnitude of investment, he said, will spur a huge amount of economic activities in the country and create more job opportunities.
for the transport sector, as a whole, including railways, road, shipping, the finance minister said, i have provided rs 2,41,387 crore in 2017-18.
the fm said, i feel privileged to present the first combined budget of independent india that includes the railways also.
we are now in a position to synergise the investment in railways, roads, waterways and civil aviation.
for 2017-18, the total capital and development expenditure of railways has been pegged at rs 1,31,000 crore.
this includes rs 55,000 crore provided by the government from the budget.
for highways, he said the budget allocation has been stepped up to rs 64,000 crore in fy18 from rs 57,676 crore.
he said, in the road sector i have stepped up the budget allocation for the national highways from rs 57,676 crore in the be of 2016-17 to rs 64,000 crore in 2017-18.
jaitley said 2,000 kms of coastal connectivity roads have been identified for construction and development.
this will facilitate better connectivity of ports and remote villages, he said.
he added that an effective multi-modal logistics and transport system will make our economy more competitive.
a specific programme for development of multi-modal logistic parks together with multi-modal facilities will be drawn up and implemented.
on solar power front, he said the second phase of solar power development will be taken up with an aim of generating 20,000 mw.
also, he said select airports in tier-ii cities will be taken up for operations and development on ppp mode.
a new metro rail policy will have innovative methods of financing, the fm said.
cong pulls out all stops to defend gandhisnew delhi, dec 13, 2015, dhns: 0:55 istthere is nothing wrong in herald transaction: pcthe congress is pulling out all the stops to shield partys first family from the storm raised over the national herald issue.
the grand old party wants to put the record straight  neither congress president sonia gandhi nor her deputy rahul benefited financially from the takeover of associated journals limited (ajl), that published the now defunct national herald, by young india.
while the congress has fielded senior party leaders and top lawyers p chidambaram, kapil sibal and ashwani kumar to defend the gandhis, it has also taken to social media in a big way to rebut the allegations of financial wrongdoings levelled by the bjp.
(there is) nothing wrong in this transaction.
in fact, by putting a non-profit company as the dominant shareholder, we have ensured that not one rupee from the assets can go to any private beneficiary, chidambaram said defending the move to transfer the shares of ajl to young india, a company in which sonia and rahul together have 76 per cent stake.
former union law minister ashwani kumar, who had to quit his post in 2013 amid a controversy over tampering of a cbi report in coal scam, issued a statement on sunday claiming that the allegations against the congress leadership were deliberately orchestrated.
besides sonia and rahul, senior leaders motilal vora and oscar fernandes and gandhi confidants suman dubey and sam pitroda have been summoned by a trial court here in connection with the case on december 19 after the delhi high court rejected their plea seeking exemption from personal appearance.
in a series of tweets from its official twitter handle, the congress sought to clarify its position on the case through frequently asked questions format.
the party listed 14 questions and answers on the issue and gave details of profit and losses of ajl from 2008-09 to 2014-15.
in a facebook post last week, finance minister arunjaitley had called young indian a real estate company, a statement that has made its way to the faqs.
new delhi, dec 17, 2015, (pti) 18:12 isthitting back at arvind kejriwal over the ddca row, finance minister arunjaitley today accused him of spreading false propaganda, saying he seems to believe in untruth and defamation and delivers a language that borders on hysteria.
jaitley also attacked west bengal and bihar chief ministers mamata banerjee and nitish kumar for supporting kejriwal, saying they need to redeem themselves by publicly distancing from the delhi chief minister's vocabulary.
the finance minister said by referring to some facts of 2014 and 2015, kejriwal cannot drag him in the delhi cricket body case as he left cricket administration in 2013.
attacking kejriwal for the language used by him against prime minister narendra modi in the wake of cbi searches on an officer in his secretariat, he said a state or ut by its unacceptable conduct can also be a threat to federalism.
free speech is unquestionably a pre-eminent fundamental right, but does free speech include the right to speak only falsehood?
the delhi chief minister, mr arvind kejriwal, seems to believe in untruth and defamation, delivered in a language that borders on hysteria, he said on his facebook blog entitled falsehood as free speech.
he said kejriwal alleged that the search on an officer close to him is a violation to the federal structure of constitution and has used some unacceptable adjectives against the prime minister.
jaitley said kejriwal has questioned the purpose of the search and tried to divert attention by linking it to the delhi cricket body rather than alleged corruption.
federalism is not a one way stream.
it is not always that the union government challenges the spirit of federalism.
a state or a union territory, by its unacceptable conduct, can also be a threat to federalism, he said on his blog.
jaitley added that the ddca case is a part of propaganda technique to deflect attention when you yourself are in the dock and accused kejriwal of focussing attention on him after he acted as a shield to cover an officer under investigation.
i have left cricket administration in 2013.
by referring to some facts of 2014 and 2015, he cant drag me in, he said, terming allegations against him as unsubstantiated and non-specific.
the finance minister said the serious fraud investigation office (sfio), which was entrusted with the investigations in the case by the previous upa government, has clearly stated that no fraud (was) noticed as alleged and his role as ddca president was like a non-executive chairman without involvement in day-to-day affairs of the company.
jaitley said there can be no greater threat to federalism if state governments start investigating decisions of union cabinet and cited delhi government's act of registering an fir against two union cabinet ministers of the upa government for voluntarily implementing a decision of the cabinet, even without any police or investigative powers.
delhi is a union territory with no police powers, he said, adding that the delhi government's act was condemned by him in february 2013 as leader of opposition.
objecting to the use of language by kejriwal, the finance minister said, the adjectives used by him against the prime minister are not in consonance with the deferal spirit.
when two chief ministers, mamata banerjee ji and nitish kumar babu supported kejriwal, notwithstanding the use of highly objectionable words against the prime minister, can it be in consonance with the federal spirit?
the two chief ministers need to redeem themselves by publicly distancing themselves from mr kejriwals vocabulary, he asked.
with the heat and dust of the cbi search on an ias officer's room having settled now, arunjaitley questioned why two chief ministers are lending their support to kejriwal's blatant falsehood.
notwithstanding that, an actually false propaganda is being repeated continuously.
why should the chief minister place himself as a shield in front of an official who is facing investigation?
why should two eminent chief ministers lend themselves to support the blatant falsehood of delhis chief minister?
, he asked.
the finance minister also attacked congress for supporting kejriwal, saying its own leaders are in the dock for corruption.
the congress transiently joined mr kejriwal's company for the reason that its own leaders are in the dock for more than one reason, he said.
there are fake allegations such as escalation of cost of construction of a stadium.
when work expands, cost escalations are integral, he said.
jaitley said a brand new 42,000 capacity world class stadium was constructed by the engineering projects india limited (epil), a public sector body at a total cost of around rs 114 crores.
he also cited the renovation of two other stadiums in delhi during the upa government.
while jawahar lal nehru stadium renovated at a cost of over rs 900 crore and dhyan chand stadium renovated at a cost of over rs 600 crore.
jaitley said even though he is not concerned with cricket administration since 2013, a member of parliament has been writing to various governmental bodies with regard to delhis cricket affairs and previous upa government seized upon the opportunity and referred complaints to sfio which investigated them and submitted a detailed report on march 21, 2013.
the report concluded in relation to the ddca being registered under the companies act, that 'thus, in a nutshell, there are certain irregularities / non-compliance or technical violations, but no fraud (was) noticed as alleged'.
he said these technical and procedural violations were all compoundable and were compounded by members against whom they were alleged.
the sfio, under the upa regime, investigated and could not find a shred of evidence against me, he claimed.
on jaitley's role, the sfio report said, he is president of ddca and is presiding over the meetings of executive committee (board of directors) like a non-executive chairman without involvement in day to day affairs of the company.
he said while 43 corporate boxes, with 30 seats each, were sold at rs one lakh per seat, generating rs 12 to 13 crore and various other advertisement spaces around the stadium.
of the total expenditure on the stadium, he said, the initial structure contract was given on bidding to epil, a psu unit, which further hired other contractors.
jaitley said kejriwal has no jurisdiction to investigate the ddca, a company registered under government of india and had even no jurisdiction in ordering a commission of inquiry against the previous sheila dikshit government as the power vests with the central government.
annul revision in pensions do not happen anywhere in the world, he said.
jaitley said the government was committed to orop but the only difficulty is the arithmetical translation.
i have my own formula on what orop means.
somebody else may have their own formula on orop but it has to be within reasonable and rational criteria.
you can't have an orop where pensions are revised every month or every year, he said.
he said that recommendations of 7th pay commission for government employees was coming shortly.
ex-servicemen have been agitating for 78 days at jantar mantar here demanding implementation of one rank, one pension, including annual revision of pension.
we accept the principle (of orop).
he, however, said, we would like to safeguard the interest of those soldiers who retire at age of 35 or 38 years and the society must protect them.
.
.
and therefore some higher pension on a special formulation is understandable but then it can't be revised every year.
stating that the indian political thought process that thinks rationally will not make unreasonable concessions merely on emotions, he said such a move can set precedent for others to seek similar benefits.
can the bsf do it?
can the crpf do it?
obviously the thinking india will say it's not the right step to take.
you can't create a liability that the future generations will have to pay.
therefore on a rational criteria orop, we should certainly be able to implement, he said.
budget fails to resolve transfer pricing row, say it honchosn v vijayakumar, feb 28, 2015, bengaluru, dhns: 3:05 istit service sector honchos have criticised the budget for its failure to resolve the transfer pricing litigation, hike in service tax and existing ambiguities in taxation of software products and services.
indias it industry performed well during the year and is expected to grow by 13 per cent this year.
nasscom forecast that software exports for 2015-16 would grow between 12 and 14 per cent to about $110-112 billion, compared with the 13 and 15 per cent growth estimate for the current fiscal year.
microsoft india chairman bhaskar pramanik said that the finance minister has presented a broad-based budget focused on accelerating indias inclusive growth.
pramanik added that the government should accountable for delivering on their budget promises.
many of the announcements made in previous budget, which were geared to minimize/resolve transfer pricing litigation are yet to be implemented.
it is nice to make a mention of the measures for dispute resolution in the speech, but the key is implementation, he said.
tcs chief executive officer and managing director n chandrasekaran told deccan herald that finance minister arunjaitley measures will provide more opportunities for innovation-led companies to partner in indias growth.
he also welcomed the firm timeline for the implementation of gst and deferment of gaar by two years.
the reduction in corporate tax, albeit over the next four years is certainly welcome.
more because it also comes with the reduction of exemptions.
exemptions create confusion.
i welcome the simpler framework the government is proposing.
there was a mention of removing sad on components to remove the duty inversion.
this can help local manufacturing of electronic goods as part of the make for india initiative, he said.
wipro executive director & chief financial officer suresh senapaty congratulated the finance minister for delivering the budget with clear policy directions across the board.
the governments objective of accelerating economic growth is laudable.
the focus on ease of doing business will spur growth and economic development.
the budget has accorded due regard to technology.
while the budget laid stress in adopting information technology for governance in plugging subsidy leakages and in tax administration, it has also supported technology innovation in industry by rationalizing tax on royalty, he said.
cognizant india executive vice chairman r chandrasekaran said the budget has its thrust in the right areas, coming as it did against the backdrop of high expectations.
according to netapp india & saarc president anil valluri, the budget is a bold and an assertive one.
we are pleased to know that local businesses and budding entrepreneurs stand to make a mark globally through various schemes that will help them prosper.
creation of micro units development refinance agency (mudra) bank with a corpus of rs 20,000 crore, and credit guarantee corpus of rs 3,000 crore is a positive step to encourage young who aspire to become first generation entrepreneurs or expand their activities, he said.
jaitley's comments show govt is rattled, says sahgalmumbai, oct 29, 2015 (pti) 19:12 istfinance minister arun jaitley's comments on writers, historians, scientists and filmmakers returning awards to protest the climate of intolerance in the country show that the narendra modi government is rattled by the public outcry, noted writer nayantara sahgal said today.
sahgal, among the writers to give back her sahitya akademi award in the wake of the dadri lynching episode triggering strong reaction from the cultural sphere across the country, said jaitley's response showed that the government was nervous about huge public response against the increasing incidents of intolerance across the country.
i am afraid the government is very rattled and nervous about this huge public response and is acting in the way it is and not in an intelligent way, she told reporters on the sidelines of tata literature live!
the mumbai litfest here.
the country is anguished about what is happening to defenceless people who are being gunned down, who are having ink thrown on their faces, who are being brutally threatened, she said.
i live in dehradun.
in the bazaar yesterday, a man said to me: 'yeh log khali ladai karna jante hai; inko nahin maloom kal kya hoga' (these people know only to fight, they don't know what will happen tomorrow).
they are common defenceless people.
.
.
if a man like aklaq (the dadri victim) can be dragged out from his house and brutally lynched.
.
.
, she said.
talking to reporters in patna, arunjaitley earlier in the day stepped up attack on those returning awards by calling them rabid anti-bjp elements and stuck to his guns that their protest is a manufactured rebellion.
those returning awards are playing politics by other means.
follow their tweets and their stances on various social and political issues.
you will find a lot of rabid anti-bjp elements in them, he said.
i had already called it a manufactured rebellion.
i stand by my phrase, he added.
sahgal, participating in the panel discussion on 'chacha pe charcha- a talk re-evaluating nehru's contribution at the event, said the country's first prime minister was an institution builder.
nehru attended parliament daily.
he encouraged opposition and nurtured it, sahgal, who is nehru's niece, said.
what i want to say today is that cohesiveness is being torn apart by the idea of hindutva.
earlier they divided us.
now they are redividing us as hindus and others.
we're not hindus and others.
we're indians, she said.
new delhi, dec 21, 2015, pti: 18:21 ista defiant delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today asserted that the aam aadmi party will not be scared by civil and criminal defamation suits against him and five other aap leaders by finance minister arunjaitley and asked him to prove his innocence before the inquiry commission.
kejriwal suggested that arunjaitley should instead cooperate with the commission of inquiry formed by the delhi government to probe the alleged irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association.
jaitley should not try to scare us by filing cases against us.
our battle against corruption shall continue.
jaitley ji should cooperate with the commission of inquiry and prove his innocence there, kejriwal tweeted.
jaitley today filed both civil and criminal defamation cases against kejriwal and five other aap leaders for allegedly defaming him and sought rs 10 crores in damages and their prosecution for offences that entails a punishment of upto two years in jail.
the chief minister's decision to brazen it out became clear last night itself as the other aap leaders named by arunjaitley in his defamation suit had stuck to their guns and continued to target the finance minister.
setting aside his ministerial responsibilities, arunjaitley ji is making the rounds of the courts.
but we won't let the matter get buried this time around.
we will continue to hold him corrupt in ddca affairs, aap leader sanjay singh said.
jaitley should not threaten us with jail and should instead focus on replying to the specific queries raised by us, ashutosh said.
the finance minister has rubbished the allegations of irregularities against him and his family.
kejriwal and the five aap leaders have publicly been making allegations against arunjaitley with regard to the ddca affairs although some of the allegations have gone beyond that.
top leaders of the bjp hit back, accusing aap of attempting to reduce the stature of arunjaitley in public life and hailed the finance minister for maintaining an impeccable standard of probity.
aap is using the route of defaming him (jaitley) and his family members through namecalling in press conferences and the social media, rajyavardhan singh rathore, jaitley's junior in the information and broadcasting ministry, said.
meanwhile, the delhi cabinet has approved setting up of one-member inquiry commission under former solicitor general gopal subramanium to probe alleged irregularities in ddca.
the cabinet also decided to call a special session of delhi assembly tomorrow to discuss alleged irregularities in ddca and last week's cbi raid at the delhi secretariat.
council clears supporting gst lawsnew delhi, mar 05, 2017, dhns 0:42 istrollout most likely on july 1the gst council on saturday cleared the crucial central gst and integrated gst laws, ceding states demand for a tax rebate for small restaurants.
this decision should make it possible to roll out the new indirect tax regime from july 1.
now, the states and union territories need to pass sgst and ut-gst laws before march 16, when the council will meet to ready a collective gst bill for passage by parliament during the second half of the budget session, beginning march 9.
the gst (goods and services tax) bill will hopefully reach parliament this session.
the two-day meeting concluded in a day due to a consensus between the centre and the states on almost all the issues concerning cgst and igst.
jaitley said the passage of sgst and ut-gst by the federal legislatures was only a formality as they were a replica of the central gst laws.
west bengal finance minister amit mitra said the states were seeking tax concession for small restaurants and dhabas under gst, and the centre has given its consent.
restaurants with an annual turnover below rs 50 lakh will be taxed 5  under gst.
the rest will be charged at the prevailing rate of the service tax.
this will make eating out cheaper.
tamil nadu finance minister d jayakumar said his state was fully geared for gst.
real estatedelhi deputy chief minister manish sisodia, however, wrote to arunjaitley for bringing real estate under the ambit of gst.
without this, the fight against black money would be incomplete, sisodia said.
the centre and states have decided to exempt agriculturists from registering under the gst regime, while the threshold for traders has been set at rs 20 lakh turnover.
jaitley also cleared the air regarding the highest cap for gst, saying it would not be higher than 28  as cleared by the council in its earlier meeting.
jammu and kashmir finance minister haseeb drabu contended that it was wrong to call a 40  peak rate.
it was only an enabling rate to give some room to the centre to manoeuvre when the 12  cess provision was withdrawn after five years and some states still needed compensation.
last month, the council had cleared the draft compensation law, according to which the centre will have to fully compensate states for any revenue loss for five years after migrating to the new tax regime.
bullish on the manufacturing sectors preparedness, corporates and market analysts see no hurdle to the gst rollout from july 1.
jaitley blames 'alliance of subversion' for campus violencelondon, feb 25, 2017, pti: 22:26 istfinance minister arunjaitley today blamed an alliance of subversion for university campus violence and argued that separatists and the ultra-left were speaking the same language in certain campuses.
the union minister for finance and corporate affairs made the remarks while responding to students from the south asia centre of the london school of economics (lse), who asked him about his stand on the classification of the term anti- national and the clashes between aisa and abvp supporters in ramjas college of the delhi university earlier this week.
any idea which thinks in terms of disintegration of (the) country, is something i abhor.
if you believe, you have free speech to assault the sovereignty of the country, then be ready to concede free speech to counter that.
i find this absolutely strange that an argument is being raised that i have free speech to advocate that india should be broken into pieces and those who oppose me are hindering that right to free speech.
well, they too have a right to free speech, he said.
violence is not the method; no group can and should use violence.
.
.
there is an alliance of subversion which is taking place.
the separatists and the ultra-left are speaking the same language in certain university campuses.
so they must be willing to allow others with a different opinion to put a counter viewpoint, he said.
ramjas college had witnessed violent clashes on wednesday between students of the left-affiliated all india students association (aisa) and the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), linked to the bjp, that had left many injured.
the clashes erupted over an invite to jawaharlal nehru university students umar khalid and shehla rashid to speak at a seminar on 'culture of protests', which was withdrawn by the college authorities following opposition by the abvp.
ahmedabad, dec 25, 2015, dhns 1:13 istsuspended bjp parliamentarian and former cricketer kirti azad on thursday said he will seek prime minister narendra modis intervention in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) row.
he said he wants to know specific reasons for which the bjp had initiated disciplinary action against him and suspended him from the party.
i hope the prime minister will listen to my plea and do justice.
i will also ask margdarshak mandal to come forward and look into the issue, azad told mediapersons in ahmedabad.
kirti azad landed in ahmedabad on wednesday evening on a personal visit.
azad has been leveling allegations against corrupt practices in ddca, which is generally being construed to be targeted at union finance minister arun jaitley.
however, the mp from darbhanga in bihar maintained that he was fighting against corruption in ddca and that his fight was not against any individual.
how can corruption in ddca affect the image of party.
azad was suspended from the bjp by its president amit shah for indulging in anti-party activities.
he was also accused of colluding with congress and aap, bringing disrepute to the party.
i have been raising these issues for the last nine years and the aap is a new party, azad said.
he said he would submit his reply to party on the suspension notice by thursday evening.
it does not mention any reason when and where i indulged in anti-party activities.
what is my specific fault, he said adding that senior party leader subramanian swamy would help him draft his reply.
more incentives in budget for start-ups: jaitleynew delhi: jan 17, 2016, dhns: 1:16 istpromising more start-up friendly measures in the budget, finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said the initiative that aims to create over 3 lakh entrepreneurs in the next two years is a final break from the licence raj.
start-up initiative will be a programme in which the government will only be at arms length.
he said, india has already worked upon an entrepreneur-friendly taxation regime but there were some steps which required legislative provisions and that could come as part of the finance bill when the budget is presented.
he assured start-ups that more banks would be lending to them and also promised to make government resources available for them hassle-free.
the government has limited potential to create jobs within the governmental system.
the private sectors expansion itself has thrown up challenges because they have overstretched themselves, he said.
jaitley said the government will soon launch stand-up india scheme under which bank branches will lend to entrepreneurs from the sc/st community and also women.
stand-up india would be separately launched.
it is a programme which envisages women entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs belonging to the sc/sts to get funding from banks.
these were the segments which were not throwing up entrepreneurs, he said.
each bank branch, public sector or private sector, would actually adopt one in the sc/st category and one in the women category.
so they will adopt two such entrepreneurs and fund them to set up establishments, he said.
by funding trading or manufacturing establishment of this segment, almost 3,00,000 new entrepreneurs over the next two years will be created, arunjaitley added.
new delhi, dec 24, 2015, dhns 2:03 istthe winter session of parliament drew to a close amid acrimony with the rajya sabha bearing the brunt of opposition-led disruptions which saw its productivity dip to mere 46 per cent.
on the contrary, there was a semblance of normalcy in the lok sabha where the modi government enjoys brute majority.
the lower house passed 14 bills and clocked 100.
46 per cent on the productivity scale.
the rajya sabha could pass nine bills, including three without any discussion.
the centre was unable to get parliamentary approval for its much-touted economic reform measurethe goods and services tax billin spite of the special outreach efforts by prime minister narendra modi who had invited congress president sonia gandhi for talks on the issue.
the repeated disruptions in the rajya sabha drew the ire of chairman hamid ansari who asked members to introspect and to desist from approaches that demean the stature of the rajya sabha.
though the winter session began with a two-day special sitting to discuss commitment to indias constitution as part of babasaheb ambedkars 125th birth anniversary, disruptions became the norm soon after with the opposition seeking to corner the modi government on one issue or the other.
in the rajya sabha, the opposition succeeded in forcing adjournments on issues including the anti-dalit remarks by union minister v k singh, the national herald case, atrocities on dalits in punjab, role of governor in arunachal pradesh, the irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association and the demand for the resignation of finance minister arun jaitley.
similar attempts in the lok sabha were not successful as the treasury benches far outnumbered the opposition.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu attacked the congress for paralysing the rajya sabha.
the congress has to take the blame for all that went wrong during this session, he said.
paralysing parliament for having lost in the last years general elections is a clear case of vendetta against the people of the country, naidu said.
in terms of numbers, the rajya sabha sat for more than 60 hours during the 20 sittings of the winter session out of which 47 hours were lost to disruptions.
the lok sabha had 20 sittings spread over 117 hours and 14 minutes.
the rajya sabha virtually made a last minute dash to clear the juvenile justice (care and protection of children) bill by sitting late on tuesday evening.
new delhi: feb 4, 2016, dhns 20:16 istthe governments spending on mgnrega may top rs 37,000 crore this fiscal with rural development minister birendra singh hopeful of getting additional funds from the finance ministry.
rejecting the congress allegations of the rural job scheme being neglected, singh said he was looking forward for a higher allocation in the union budget for the next fiscal.
he (finance minister arun jaitley) has promised that we would be getting more, the minister told a group of reporters in an informal interaction.
singh said the budgetary allocation for mgnrega during 2015-16 was rs 34,699 crore which was spent by december itself.
he (jaitley) had made a promise of rs 5,000 crore (above the budgetary allocation) of which we have received rs 2,000 crore.
if we would be requiring something more we have still two months to go, singh said.
this is the highest ever budgetary support for the scheme, the minister said.
with the country facing two consecutive years of drought, the centre had leaned on mgnrega to generate employment in the villages.
even during the upa years, the allocation for mgnrega was the highest during 2010-11 and 2011-12.
new delhi, may 22, 2015, (pti): 20:45 ista day after advising those dying to eat beef to leave for pakistan, union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi today sought to defend his stand saying faith of millions should not be hurt over choice of eating.
this is not a matter of controversy.
if one talks about cows, definately crores of people revere it, they worship it and call it 'gomata'.
i am a muslim and in my locality if somebody says that i will sell pork, i will not say anything but all the muslims in that locality will throw him out.
in islam, pork is prohibited.
that is why it should not be sold or even seen.
how can one think that when such a large section has faith for cow and worships it, you expect to cut it in front of them and a legal suit is given to it.
.
.
one has to think about this issue, naqvi said.
he was speaking at #modi365, a conclave organised by news channel cnn-ibn to mark a year of bjp government in office.
naqvi had sparked a row yesterday by saying, if a certain section (of people) is dying because they can't sell or eat beef then this is not the country for them.
let them go to pakistan or an arab nation, or any other part of world where it is available.
union finance minister arunjaitley , however, today disapproved of his remark saying people should be aware of their responsibilities.
jaitley also insisted that such comments would have no impact on the government or its policies.
naqvi told cnn-ibn that india runs on a federal structure and state governments based on the sentiments and demands of people decide on which things to ban and which things not to ban.
asked about the opposition to the ban in states like maharashtra, naqvi said there are people who oppose anything and everything.
nobody is opposing.
there are some people who think that one should oppose everything.
people say business has been affected.
i say those whose business is affected, send them to us (government), we will give them other business.
.
.
they can sell vegetables, he said.
jaitley rakes up bofors case to hit back at rahulnew delhi, mar 10, 2016 pti) 17:04 istfinance minister arunjaitley today raked up the bofors case reminding rahul gandhi of ottavio quattrocchi's escape to hit back at him for his attack on the government over liquor baron vijay mallya leaving the country despite owing over rs 9,000 crore to banks.
jaitley underscored that the loans were given during upa rule and said mockingly that the congress vice president perhaps could not understand his answer.
he also advised gandhi to study constitution once after the opposition party questioned mallya's continuance as member of rajya sabha.
debunking gandhi's criticism on why mallya was not stopped from leaving the country, the minister said, there is a legal process to stop anybody.
either your passport has been impounded or there is any court order.
except that immigration cannot stop you.
raking up the bofors case of rajiv gandhi tenure that has haunted congress for decades, jaitely trained his guns on the congress vice president.
but rahul ji should remember that there is a basic difference in mallya leaving (the country) and quattrocchi going out (of india).
and let me explain him the difference.
when the officials of switzerland informed that quattrocchi was also among the beneficiaries of bofors and though the person who was heading the cbi investigation earlier k madhavan wrote a letter that his passport should be impounded, the then government had not stopped him and within two days he left india.
that was a criminal case, the finance minister said addressing the cabinet briefing.
it would have been better had the banks done it earlier, he, however, acknowledged.
responding to questions that rahul gandhi has accused him of not answering his questions, the finance minister said, i had given dates in parliament that all these loans were sanctioned in 2004 and 2007.
in 2009, they became npa and even after becoming npa, it was restructured in 2010.
if shri rahul gandhi could not understand these dates and what i meant to say through them, you please help him understand this.
when asked about congress questioning how mallya remains a member in rajya sabha even after the issuance of a look out notice against him, he said, there is a constitutional process to suspend the membership.
if he (rahul) studies constitution once.
.
.
it can happen only according to that.
membership is not terminated through press conferences.
rahul had earlier said, we asked mr arunjaitley to tell us how mallya ran away from india.
if there is action against him and a lookout notice has been issued against him, then what is he doing in rajya sabha.
jaitley also dismissed a question on why mallya's passport was not confiscated.
there has to be a process.
there is a law called the passport act under which an appropriate order is to be passed by the passport authority, he said.
leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said that everyone knew mallya could flee any day and investigating agencies should have confiscated his passport and taken steps to restrict his movement.
jaitely said, according to me let the bankers take all steps to recover their money.
if somebody is responsible of inaction or any other matter some facts come to notice, certainly, we will look into that and will take appropriate action.
trying to push the government on the backfoot, gandhi today asked how it allowed mallya, who owes over rs 9,000 crore to banks, to leave the country and said prime minister narendra modi and finance minister arunjaitley have failed to answer this question in their speeches.
the congress vice president attacked the government saying the entire country is questioning why this government was helping people like mallya by allowing him to escape and not fulfilling its promises made to people for bringing back black money and giving rs 15 lakh into every person's bank account.
replying to another question on whether the government could order a probe in ishrat jahan case, jaitely merely said,i think a debate is going on in parliament.
home minister is competent and he will make a statement on that.
centre, iits face-off likelyfeb 6, 2017, new delhi, dhns 0:59 istthe centre wants the indian institutes of technology (iits) to be ready to hand over the task of holding nationwide test for admissions to their undergraduate programmes to the proposed national testing agency (nta).
though the establishment and operationalisation of the nta will take more than a year, the governments intention to take away the entrance test for admissions to iits from their domain may set stage for a fresh battle between the human resource development (hrd) ministry and the premier technical institutes.
the iits retained the power to conduct entrance test for undergraduate programmes within their jurisdiction, raising a banner of revolt against such a move during the erstwhile regime of the united progressive alliance in 2013.
the hrd ministry then wanted to hold a common entrance test for all engineering colleges but had to tweak its plan, succumbing to the iits protest.
the ministry agreed for holding of the joint entrance test (jee) in two parts  jee-main and jee-advance  with the second test to be held by the iits for filling their seats and the first by the central board secondary education (cbse) for admission to other centrally funded technical institutes.
all entrance tests, including those conducted by the iits and all india council for technical education will be held by the nta.
setting up of the testing agency, however, will take some time.
so, for one or two years, the cbse will have to continue holding the tests it is currently assigned with, hrd minister prakash javadekar said.
he was addressing a press conference here to highlight the ministrys take away from the union budget.
the hrd ministry has witnessed an increase in its budgetary allocations by a little over 10  for 2017-18, compared to those of the last fiscal.
finance minister arunjaitley earmarked nearly rs 78,000 crore funds for the ministry for 2017-18 against rs 72,394 crore in 2016-17.
ex-defence secy r k mathur appointed cicnew delhi, dec 18, 2015, dhns: 0:40 istformer defence secretary r k mathur has been appointed as the chief information commissioner (cic) with the government deciding not to choose the head from among the serving information commissioners.
r k mathur has been appointed as the chief information commissioner in the central information commission.
the above appointment has been made for a term of five years from the date on which he enters upon his office or till he attains the age of sixty-five years, whichever is earlier, an official release said.
the post had fallen vacant after vijai sharma completed his tenure on december 1.
the selection committee led by prime minister narendra modi, which includes union finance minister arunjaitley and leader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjuna kharge, had on wednesday selected mathur for the post.
this is the first time that the cic has been selected from outside.
there are seven information commissionersbasant seth, yashovardhan azad, sharat sabharwal, manjula prasher, m a khan yusufi, madabhushanam sridhar acharyulu and sudhir bhargava.
presently, seth is the senior-most information commissioner.
new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns & pti 2:39 istpace of construction under pmgsy now 133-km per dayallocating the lions share of rs 3.
96 lakh crore for infrastructure development and terming the sector the top priority of the government, finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the magnitude of investment in the field is bound to spur growth.
terming railways, roads and rivers the lifeline of the country, the finance minister, while presenting the budget for 2017-18, said, total allocation for infrastructure stands at a record level (of) rs 3,96,135 crore.
the allocation for infrastructure in 2016-17 budgetary estimate was rs 3,48,952 crore, which was revised to rs 3,58,634 crore.
this magnitude of investment will spur a huge amount of economic activity across the country and create more job opportunities, he said.
jaitley said infrastructure was the thrust area of the government for efficiency, productivity and quality of life.
jaitley also said the world bank is optimistic about indias prospects and has projected a gdp growth of 7  in 2016-17, 7.
6  in 2017-18 and 7.
8  in 2018-19.
.
.
.
this pick up in our economy is premised upon our policy and determination to continue with economic reforms, increase in public investment in infrastructure and development projects, he said.
the finance minister said that for transportation sector as a whole  including rail, roads, shipping a provision of rs 2,41,387 crore has been made.
in the road sector, rs 67,000 crore has been allocated for the national highways in 2017-18, as compared to rs 57,676 crore in 2016-17.
also, 2,000-km of coastal connectivity roads will be constructed, he said.
in addition, rs 19,000 crore has been earmarked for the pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana (pmgsy) to connect far flung habitats, which, along with the investment from the state governments, may result in a total expenditure of rs 27,000 crore.
the minister said the pace of road construction was 133-km per day under the pmgsy in 2016-17, as compared to 73-km during 2011-14.
aviation gets 22  hikethe civil aviation ministry on wednesday received a substantial increase of over 22  in budgetary allocation and was provided rs 5,167.
60 crore for the next financial year.
the finance minister allocated a good chunk of the total amount to air india, which will get rs 1,800 crore.
the amount will be extended to the national carrier as part of the bailout package announced by the then upa government in 2012.
besides this, the company will be given rs 508 crore as part of an investment in public enterprises.
national airports operator airports authority of india has been allocated rs 2,543 crore, apart from a budgetary support of rs 100 crore.
the budgetary funds for aviation-watchdog directorate general of civil aviation has been stepped up to rs 230.
56 crore for 2017-18.
the amount allocated for the current fiscal year was rs 29.
67 crore.
the bureau of civil aviation security, the countrys apex aviation-safety agency, has been allocated rs 214.
50 crore in the budget.
significantly, un aviation-watchdog, international civil aviation organisation, is scheduled to audit indias air-safety preparedness in the second half of this year.
an agency often criticized for red tape, fipb , which is under the finance ministry since 2003, was initially constituted under the prime minister's office during the economic liberalisation of the early 1990s.
jaitley said since india announced sweeping reforms to rules on foreign direct investment (fdi), with much easier terms for investors in sectors ranging from civil aviation to pharmaceuticals in the last two years, the role of the body is now minimised.
more than 90  of the total fdi inflows are now through the automatic route.
fipb has successfully implemented e-filing and online processing of fdi applications and now reached a stage where it can be phased out.
therefore, fipb will be abolished in 2017-18, he said.
fibp has been clearing applications for up to rs. 5,000 crore for direct investment by outside investors.
today, some sectors in india do not need clearances in advance from the government or the reserve bank of india.
this applies to areas where 100  fdi is allowed- the company can be owned entirely by the foreign investor, he said at a news conference later.
fipb handled those projects that need government approval in sectors like banking, defence and civil aviation.
fdi guidelines will be further relaxed in the coming year.
the pm is keen for quick steps for realising his government's ambitious project make in india to making the country the most open economy in the world for fdi.
according to the government, fdi increased by 30  about $22 billion during april-september last year.
meanwhile, congress and cpi(m) have slammed the modi government for the proposal to wind-up the fipb saying the move would threaten the domestic industry.
senior congress leader anand sharma said the shutting down of the fipb would give overseas investors unregulated access to indian markets which would prove detrimental to the indian industry.
the congress leader contended that the indian pharma industry was already feeling the heat as it was open to acquisition by multinationals.
cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said fipb was not just to attract foreign investments but also acted as a regulator.
now by removing the regulator, the government is allowing fdi increasingly through the automatic route.
there will be no further regulation of foreign capital, he said.
yechury said the listing of psus in foreign stock exchanges would lead to trading of their stocks by fiis and therefore, sale of the state-run bodies to foreign entities.
no govt bungalow to be converted into memorial: govtnew delhi, oct 18, 2014, (pti) 22:50 istno government bungalow in delhi will henceforth be converted into any memorial, the union cabinet decided today, weeks after a row over rld chief ajit singh's demand for making his official residence a memorial of his father and former prime minister charan singh.
in another significant decision, the cabinet decided that government will associate with birth and death anniversary of mahatma gandhi only and the anniversaries of other departed leaders may be observed by respective trusts, parties, societies or supporters.
the decision comes against the backdrop of a controversy triggered after ajit singh resisted last month moves to make him vacate the 12, tuglaq road, bungalow allotted to him as the then union minister.
he wanted it to be converted into a memorial of his father.
earlier this year, there was a controversy over conversion of the then lok sabha speaker meira kumar's official residence into a memorial in the memory of her father and former deputy prime minister jagjivan ram.
just ahead of the lok sabha elections, the then cabinet had decided to allow the memorial for 25 years.
it went against the cabinet decision of 2000 of the nda government which said that no government bungalow will be allowed for conversion into memorials.
prior to meira kumar's case, bsp chief mayawati had also got a bungalow in a prime locality here converted into a memorial in the memory of former party chief kanshi ram.
jaitley's 'clean chit' to raje's son a 'cover-up': congnew delhi, jun 22, 2015, (pti) 20:51 istcongress today attacked finance minister arunjaitley in lalit modi controversy over his alleged clean chit to rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and the former ipl boss, terming it as a clear-cut cover-up but stopped short of seeking his resignation.
it is a clear-cut cover-up.
we charge the finance minister with influencing the enforcement directorate (ed) probe in raje's son dushyant singh and lalit modi's case, leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said while addressing a joint press conference with former union minister jairam ramesh.
azad wondered as to what made the finance minister give a clean chit to vasundhara raje's son and lalit modi, when the ed, which comes under his ministry, was probing these shady transactions of converting ill-gotten black money.
asked why congress was not demanding resignation of the finance minister for the alleged cover-up, he said, congress was waiting for the response from the prime minister as he had maintained silence on the matter so far.
we will reveal our strategy after hearing what the prime minister says.
let us see what he says, azad said, adding the earlier the pm speaks it would be better for him as the issue could lead to resignation of several people and bring half of the union council of ministers under cloud of suspicion.
he asked arunjaitley , who is also leader of the rajya sabha, how he could describe as commercial transaction the rs 11 crore dealing between dushyant and lalit modi.
why he is giving clean chit to vasundhara raje and her son?
this was because additional solicitor general sanjay jain has told delhi high court on january 6 that ed has already initiated action through an open and general investigation and it will be taken to its logical conclusion, azad said.
does it mean that ed investigations have been summarily closed against raje's family by the finance ministry?
has the finance minister not prejudiced and prejudged the issue proving the complicity of bjp leadership in these black money dealings?
azad said posing five questions to prime minister.
taking a dig at the prime minister, ramesh said it was time narendra modi gets up from nidrasan (sleep) and say something.
everyday new scandals are being exposed and yet pm is silent on this.
so isn't pm party to all this?
azad asked.
speaking separately, senior congress leader anand sharma rejected jaitley's commercial transaction argument.
he asked the finance minister how could re-routing of laundered money from a tax haven for purported investment in a company at an inflated share price of 9000 times be seen as a normal transaction.
jaitley needs to be reminded that in the past as leader of the opposition he had demanded action against a upa minister when only a shadow was there.
he had insisted action even when no allegations were substantiated, sharma told pti.
azad and ramesh alleged that a deep rooted nexus to protect and help money launderer and black money hoarder lalit modi on part of the entire bjp leadership, with needle of suspicion pointing towards the prime minister himself, is out in the open for the entire nation to see and judge.
the leader of the opposition in rajya sabha asked the prime minister whether external affairs minister sushma swaraj and vasundhara raje not guilty of fema, money laundering and passport acts.
on the issue of mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria meeting former ipl boss lalit modi in london last year by keeping the then chief minister prithviraj chavan in dark, azad said, the chief minister has sought information on the meeting and one should wait till the response comes.
we will raise the issue at an appropriate time.
we do not want to dilute the lalit modi controversy now, azad remarked when his comment were sought on the reported decision of bjp government to return the favour to diamond tycoon laljibhai patel had done by purchasing pm narendra modi's monogrammed suit for rs 4.
31 crore in february.
reports had it that all arrangements have been made through the bjp-controlled surat municipal corporation to return 12,000 sqm of land on the outer ring road of the surat city to a patel-owned sports club for the construction of an international standard sports complex.
not enough being done to bring black money back: swamyahmedabad, may 30, 2015, (pti) 22:20 istsenior bjp leader subramanian swamy today said he had written to the prime minister narendra modi suggesting ways to bring the black money back, and the present measures were not enough.
i have written a letter to the prime minister on how we can bring it back.
but our finance minister (arun jaitely) is a lawyer who says this is not right or that is not right, swamy said, speaking at an event organised by the gujarat chamber of commerce and industries (gcci) here.
whatever should have been done by now has not been done.
but it will be done soon, because prime minister modi's patience has some limits, and today he spoke on the issue.
i have trust, he said.
whatever is happening at present, it will not serve the purpose.
the latest bill on black money is only a tax evasion punishment bill.
.
.
.
this bill is necessary but there is no reason to think that only this bill will do everything.
whatever is being done in parliament will not get the black money back, he said.
he said there were four ways of getting the black money back.
the first was to get a letter rogatory from local court to a court in foreign country, which can then ask the bank there to investigate the account.
but if the foreign bank does not cooperate, swamy suggested that we must adopt german and french way, using the intelligence agency to trap top officials of the bank and bribe him to reveal details of shady accounts.
india can also use american way, by coercing the local representatives of foreign banks into revealing the details by booking them under espionage laws, he said.
narendrabhai can do that.
hold them, push them in the jail, they will give the names, swamy said.
the fourth way, he said, was to pass a law that the 70 banks, where the black money of any indian citizens is kept, has to be declared nationalised and we can demand the black money from it and as per a un resolution they will have to give us back, he said.
traffic diversion for bjp conventionbangalore, april 6, 2013, dhns: 2:13 istthe city traffic police have indicated there will be a major traffic diversion around palace grounds and along bellary road on monday, with more a lakh of party workers and prominent bjp leaders visiting the city for the partys vijay sankalp samavesh.
according to a senior police official: apart from the regular traffic diversion, we will also enforce parking restriction around palace grounds, especially in its tripurvasini entrance that will be the gateway to the show.
the police officials assured that for the sake of public convenience, they would release the final plan for traffic diversion by sunday.
the meet which will flag off the bjps election campaign in karnataka, will begin at 11 am and will have several bjp bigwigs such as rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley in attendance.
when questioned about a high court directive which puts restrictions on mega political conventions at the palace grounds, bjp state president pralhad joshi said that they have taken the necessary permission to hold the rally.
we will try our best to cause minimum inconvenience to the public on the rally day.
parking facility for out-station vehicles will be slotted away from the venue.
we dont have any other alternative space in the city to hold such a rally, he added.
chaos is expected since the entry is through the first gate of tripura vasini from the mekhri cirlce, which is narrow.
timings of the rally during peak hours is another cause for worry.
no question of anybody going back on this position.
we had pressed for the economic rights of andhra pradesh on the floor of the house.
for that we are doing all these exercise, he told reporters, after meeting andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu here.
he further said that the prime minister has directed the vice chairman of niti aayog arvind panagariya to prepare a list and schedule expeditiously of all the commitments which are contained in the andhra pradesh reorganisation act, where the state requires assistance.
the niti aayog committee will reconcile the recommendations of the 14th finance commission, as well as the commitments in the act and the assurances given by the previous upa government, he added.
now all these suggestions were discussed and panagariya has been asked to prepare a list of them.
earlier in the day, arunjaitley , who spoke to reporters after naidu met prime minister narendra modi said that the niti aayog vice chairman has been asked to discuss with the state government implementation of sections 46, 90 and 94 of the act related to polavaram irrigation project, finance commission's award and fiscal measures.
the vice chairman of the niti aayog arvind panagariya has been asked to be in touch with the officers of the state government and to prepare a roadmap with regard to enforcement of each one of the provisions, which i have just mentioned in the andhra pradesh reorganisation act, which are commitments of the whole country towards the growth and development of andhra pradesh, the finance minister said.
the 90-minute meeting between modi and naidu comes in the wake of escalating pressure from the opposition parties in andhra pradesh on the demand for granting special status to the state as promised during bifurcation last year.
the niti aayog vice chairman, officials from the pmo and finance ministry were also present during the meeting.
while section 46 pertains to the award made by the 13th finance commission, section 90 relates to the polavaram irrigation project and section 94 deals with the fiscal measures, including offer of tax incentives industrialisation and economic growth.
the finance minister also dismissed any perception that nothing has moved on the ground on the policy front in reviving the economy and said that such a view was confined only to a section of critics.
some of the reports complaining about the economy not having taken off were inspired news items referring to a dozen people without naming a single person, he said.
the minister said a section of corporates voicing disappointment were those who were used to a system of largesses.
the government, which came to power in may last year, plans to roll out a common gst by april 1, 2015 on indirect taxes, while corporate tax rate would be brought down to 25 per cent from 30 per cent over a period of four years on the direct taxes, he added.
give free hand to army to retaliate: ak antonysagar kulkarni, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 18:13 istformer defence minister ak antony.
dh file photoformer defence minister ak antony on tuesday asked the modi government to give the army the freedom to retaliate pakistan's barbaric act killing and mutilating indian soldiers on patrolling duty along the line of control.
the unusually strong words from the senior congress leader came against the public outrage over the third such incident in the past six months.
antony also reminded the modi government that during his eight year stint as defence minister only one incident of killing and mutilation of indian soldiers had taken place.
in one sentence, my only request to the government is  give freedom to the army to take appropriate action at the appropriate time, antony told reporters here.
he said such continuous attacks put a question mark on the security structure of the country.
it has affected the prestige, respect and morale of the indian army, antony said.
former union minister kapil sibal questioned prime minister narendra modi's silence on the incident.
he recalled bjp leader sushma swaraj's remarks on when a soldier was killed and decapitated during upa rule in 2013.
sushmaji had said 10 heads for 1.
we wish to ask the prime minister how many (heads) for the two, sibal said.
sibal also took a dig at the nda saying it was time the prime minister had a full time defence minister.
only a full time defence minister can draft full time strategy towards growth and security, he said referring to finance minister arunjaitley , who also holds the defence portfolio.
sibal said the 35 months of nda rule have seen 91 civilian deaths in terror incidents in jammu and kashmir as against 50 deaths during the last 35 months of the upa government.
the death of jawans in the period under reivew were 103 during upa rule and 198 under the modi government.
sibal said ceasefire violations have also increased from 470 in the last 35 months of the upa to 1343 in the nearly three years of modi government.
new delhi: dec 22, 2015, dhns 2:15 istfinance minister arunjaitley filed a defamation suit in the delhi high court on monday seeking rs 10 crore in damages from chief minister arvind kejriwal and five aam aadmi party (aap) leaders for leading a false, malicious and defamatory campaign against him.
in a separate petition, arunjaitley also sought action from a city court against kejriwal and the five aap leaders for making defamatory statements relating to alleged financial irregularities during his role as delhi & district cricket association (ddca) president.
jaitley claimed the propaganda against him and his family by kejriwal and aap leaders is to counter the december 15 cbi raids on principal secretary rajendra kumar.
reacting to the development, kejriwal said arunjaitley should not threaten by filing cases and said his fight against corruption would continue.
he asked arunjaitley to cooperate with the commission of inquiry set up by the delhi government.
kejriwal had earlier claimed that cbi searches were aimed to look for files relating to irregularities in ddca.
in the petitions, arunjaitley has named, besides kejriwal, aap leaders kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh, raghav chadha and deepak bajpai as accused and defendants.
accompanied by several ministers, including m venkaiah naidu, smriti irani and dharmendra pradhan, arunjaitley approached chief metropolitan magistrate sanjay khanagwal to file the suit.
senior advocate siddharth luthra, appearing for arunjaitley , urged the court to record the ministers statement.
the court, however, took cognisance of the complaint under sections 499 (defamation) 500 (punishment), 501 and 502 (printing and sale of defamatory matter) of the ipc and fixed january 5 as the next date of hearing.
jaitley is expected to record his statement on the next date.
the penal provisions carry maximum punishment of simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years with fine.
the suit for rs 10 crore damages would come up for hearing after norming listing.
jaitley submitted that till 2013, he was the president of ddca and did not claim even legitimate reimbursement of his expenses, leave aside any pecuniary benefits.
with regard to bogus or excess payment to certain companies in the reconstruction of ferozeshah kotla stadium here, arunjaitley asserted, this is a stadium with modern facilities, built in india for a most economical amount of rs 114 crore.
he further claimed that mere renovation of the jawaharlal nehru stadium for commonwealth games had cost the government rs 900 crore and the cost for renovating dhyanchand stadium was to the tune of rs 600 crore.
last updated: 15 september, 2011ahmedabad:sep 15 , dhns 0:15 istthe politics of fast is at its peak in gujarat.
after chief minister narendra modi announced his three-day fast from saturday to what he termed as a launch of his campaign for peace and communal amity, the congress announced its own fast to expose modis opportunist and corrupt governance.
but modis fast in the air-conditioned exhibition hall of gujarat university has shown the door to the second edition of the pharmacy india 2011, the booking of which was done way back in april and the organisers had made a payment of rs 5 lakh per day the official charges of the hall.
now, the organisers have been asked to shift at the mahatma mandir, on the outskirts of ahmedabad.
officially, the organisers say that the mahatma mandir is more spacious and will accommodate more visitors but unofficially they admit that the last minute change would make it difficult for a lot of delegates and that they had no option.
interestingly, though the modi government had decided to give just a one rupee token amount for the hall it later decided to pay up the entire charges for the hall following criticism.
but payment by the government would mean that tax payers money would go towards the hall expenses.
mocking at modis fast, shankarsinh vaghela, who is going to begin an hour before modi and end two hours after modi outside the sabarmati ashram said, this word sadbhavna should have come from him in 2002 when there was a requirement of feeling of brotherhood.
he said the congress movement was a peoples movement whereas that of modi was an attempt at self -projection.
an old bjp hand, vaghela, who is now the poll campaign incharge of the congress party will spearhead his partys fast, though it is not clear so far if any senior congress leader will attend his event.
senior bjp leaders l k advani and arunjaitley are expected to attend modis fast, apart from muslim faces like ismail darbar.
punjab chief minister prakash singh badal is also expected to visit the chief minister on one of the days.
modi perfect pm material: naidumumbai: bjp senior leader venkaiah naidu on thursday praised gujarat cm narendra modi sky-high and described him as perfect prime minister material while also admitting that the party has a lot of contenders for the coveted chair.
naidu said, modi is good material for pm candidature, but one should not forget that there are other leaders too in bjp.
pm appeals to opposition for cooperation for passage of gstnew delhi, nov 25, 2015, (pti) 14:50 istappealing to the opposition for cooperation on the eve of the winter session of parliament, prime minister narendra modi today made a strong pitch for early passage of the gst, saying it will be in the interest of the nation.
modi, who made a brief appearance at the all-party meeting hosted by parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu, assured the opposition leaders that finance minister arunjaitley will talk to them to address their concerns, if any, on the key reform measure.
prime minister narendra modi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax (gst) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it, naidu said after the meeting.
modi also said parliament should run meaningfuly with the cooperation of all so as to fulfil the expectations of the people.
significantly, the jd(u) also backed the gst with party president sharad yadav announcing support of his party to the measure after the all-party meeting.
cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury, however, said that the centre should hold talks with states on the issue of gst in view of the fact that they will lose all legislative power on tax matters once gst comes into force.
he regretted that such talks have not been held despite repeated pleas for the same by the left parties.
the prime minister also said that environment minister prakash javadekar, who has held talks with leaders of various parties, may talk to them further on the issue of india's stand on the resolution on the climate change issue and any one can given suggestions for two more days.
amid indications of a tough session ahead, senior ministers had yesterday huddled to chalk out the strategy and work out floor coordination plans while parties like congress, jd(u) and cpi-m made their intent clear, deciding to give notices for debate on the issue of intolerance and attacking government on the key reform measure of gst.
nda ministers had discussed legislative proposals to be brought before consideration of both the houses of parliament which include three bills relating to replacement of ordinances, gst bill, real estate regulation bill etc.
the ministers also discussed recent incidents like dadri killing, rationalist m m kalburgi's killing and some other ones based on which a campaign alleging rising intolerance is on.
railways to have special safety fund of rs 1 lakh crnew delhi, feb 1, 2017 (pti) 14:22 istwith railways plagued by repeated derailments, government today proposed setting up of a special safety fund of rs 1 lakh crore that will cover upgradation of tracks and signalling besides elimination of unmanned level crossings.
the railway budget, merged with general budget 2017-18, also provides for commissioning of new railway lines of 3,500 km will against 2,800 kms in 2016-17.
21 lakh crore last year.
he proposed creation of 'rashtriya rail sanraksha kosh' (national rail safety fund) with a corpus of rs 1 lakh crore.
emphasising on safety, the budget proposed elimination of all unmanned level crossings on the broad gauge network by 2020.
the budget also promised to equip all coaches with bio toilets and announced clean my coach' app for passengers.
railway psus irctc, irfc and concor are to be listed on various stock exchanges.
'reduced allocations to affect child nutrition'new delhi, may 19, 2015, dhns: 0:26 istwomen and child development minister maneka gandhi has written to finance minister arunjaitley that reduction in the budgetary allocations for the current financial year will affect schemes which are focusing on nutrition of children and the pregnant and lactating mothers.
the letter written on april 27 has been quoted by an international new agency.
this may result in a situation where the focus is lost on critical programmes related to malnutrition.
.
nutrition for children, pregnant and lactating mothers, maneka gandhi said in her letter.
she has also warned of negative political implications of cutting of the social funds.
dispelling doubts over the fate of the scheme floated by the previous congress-led government, he said that while in previous years there has always been lower spending as compared to the budgeted amount, this fiscal the government has not cut plan expenditure as it wants to boost growth.
but the new government has not only taken the scheme forward, but also hiked the fund allocation under the scheme, he said.
this government has not followed the practice of just making higher provisions and later cutting it.
i think this would be the first year when the rs 34,000-35,000 crore which was allocated has not only been spent fully, but also some more resources could be given to mgnrega.
the finance minister said the actual spending under the scheme in the fiscal year ending march 31 would be highest.
this country's financial system had a practice that when a budget is presented, people discuss how much money has been allocated.
but in full year, how much money is spent and by how much the allocation is cut, that doesn't attract attention, he said.
there was not a single year in recent past when budget allocations were not cut, he said, adding that it was a practice to reduce allocations every november-december.
and the effect of this was that there was less spending and when there is less expenditure on economic development (and) cut in plan expenditure, it impacted economic growth, he said.
jaitley said 2015-16 will be the first year when there would be no cut in funds allocated for development works.
actual spending would be more than the provisions made in the budget.
yesterday, opposition congress had dubbed as better late than never the narendra modi government's praise of mgnrega saying it shows how the landmark legislation has changed the lives of the rural poor.
the government has identified four regional rural banks (rrbs) for listing on stock exchanges in line with the union budget 2018-19.
guidelines for the listing are almost ready, and entail details like quantum of stake dilution, instrument to be floated and category of possible investors in the public issue, sources said.
they further said the four rrbs are eligible to come out with ipos and they may hit the capital markets this year.
in a bid to make rrbs eligible and successfully raise capital from the market, a slew of reforms have been implemented including compliance with corporate governance, technology upgradation and capacity-building.
there are 56 rrbs in the country with a combined balance sheet size of rs 4.
7 lakh crore.
of these, 50 are in profit, according to financial statements of rrbs for march 2017, released by national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard).
rrbs operating through about 21,200 branches witnessed 17  rise in net profit to rs 2,950 crore in 2016-17.
their loans and advances outstanding under various schemes rose 15  to rs 3.
5 lakh crore as of march 2017.
these banks were formed under the rrb act, 1976, with an objective to provide credit and other facilities to small farmers, agricultural labourers and artisans in rural areas.
the act was amended in 2015, whereby such banks were permitted to raise capital from sources other than the centre, states and sponsor banks.
currently, the centre holds 50  in rrbs, while 35  and 15  are with concerned sponsor banks and state governments, respectively.
tdp unhappy with paltry allocation to andhra pradeshmarch 03, 2016, hyderabad ,dhns 0:50 istthe tdp, an active member of the ruling nda, has expressed its displeasure over the paltry budget allocations made by union finance minister arun jaitley.
the politburo has asked nara chandrababu naidu to seek remedial measures from the centre as pressure from the people of the state is mounting on the two-year-old government to perform.
the ruling party was in shock as the budget made no mention about the special category status assured in the reorganisation act, no assistance to fill in rs 12,000-cr budgetary deficit that accrued following partition.
what hurt the state and the tdp is the pittance of rs 100 crore allocation for polavaram project which requires an estimated rs 36,000 cr to be completed by 2019.
the ap government even failed to secure rs 2,300 that it has spent on polavaram canal work of the project last year.
it is also reported that union civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju also offered to quit in protest and was to be convinced by the party president that the issue will be taken up at the right forumfissures between the tdp and the state bjp started appearing over allocations to polavaram project after former union minister and bjp leader daggubati purandeswari made it clear that there is no role for the union government in polavaram, as per the tripartite agreement between ap government and the transstroy (india) limited, to which the project was given.
attack on scribes at patiala house terrible exception: jaitleynew delhi, mar 11, 2016 (pti) 21:04 istunion finance minister arunjaitley today termed the attack on journalists at patiala house courts as a terrible exception and decried the presence of crowds inside court premises which he said creates an oppressive environment.
he said the courts must remain detached and should not be carried by issues or trends of the moment as anything on the contrary would be a threat to free speech and a fair trial.
it was a terrible exception what happened.
normally people in the public place find media as their natural ally.
the whole idea of getting the media dragged into contemporaneous controversy and then attacking it physically is absolutely unacceptable, anywhere, in courts so more particularly, he said.
jaitley, who also holds the information and broadcasting portfolio, was speaking at the international press institute (ipi) india award for excellence in journalism award here.
he stressed that more serious the offence, stronger must be the avenues of defence while underlining that exceptions like the patiala house court incident would act as a reminder to keep the media as a detached third party.
i think the idea of crowds in court is itself not acceptable.
the more serious the offence the stronger must be the avenues of defence.
and if protests within court premises create an oppressive environment in which bar associations sometimes pass resolution that we won't appear for so and so accused.
it is not merely a threat to free speech but it also becomes a threat to a free and fair trial because an oppressive environment is created in judicial institutions.
courts must remain detached.
courts can't be carried by issues of the moment.
courts can't be carried by the trends itself, he said.
he contended that in a robust democracy, the width of the media is so large that almost every viewpoint finds its mention in some place of the media.
but one obvious danger of this is its impact on institutions.
it's that the desire to be before the floodlights become so large that the tendency to do something or say something which is controversial, which is out of the ordinary increases, he said.
to make his point, the minister cited cases of hardworking legislators who find no reflection of their work in the media, while someone who says something outlandish generates buzz.
for somebody who has done something sensational or said something outlandish obviously it has greater charm on the media because that adds to creating a controversy that the media itself would generate, he said.
on the occasion, m shajil kumar of malayala manorama was conferred the award for his outstanding work on endangered tribal communities who live on the slopes of western ghats in kerala.
the award comprises a cash prize of rs 2 lakh, a trophy and a citation.
the jury, which was headed by former chief justice of india a s anand, unanimously selected kumar's exclusive report, out of several entries.
the jury included n ravi, chairman ipi india chapter and director, the hindu; m k razdan, editor-in-chief, the press trust of india; and riyad mathew, senior assistant editor malayala manorama.
importantly, arunjaitley noted that there would be many others like him who enjoy what happens in the evening (tv shows) but i think it is also taking its toll and therefore it is time for conventional media to stand up and strike.
in campaign journalism it is very difficult to remain a detached third party because now trps depend on campaign journalism and not on objective reporting.
.
.
who participates on which channel depends on the nature of the campaign, he said.
jaitley observed that conventional definition of news no longer holds true and that what makes news is predominantly what is captured in the camera.
rs 4,479-cr in indians' hsbc-list accounts: sit on black moneynew delhi, dec 12, 2014, (pti) 20:06 istin first major disclosure about money held in swiss banks, government today said rs 4,479 crore is held in the accounts owned by indians, who figured on the hsbc list, and the income tax department has initiated action against 79 of such account holders.
besides, the tax department and other agencies including enforcement directorate are probing cases involving unaccounted wealth totalling rs 14,957.
95 crore within india.
in case of suspected black money abroad, the disclosure relates to a list of 628 indians, who figured on a list of account holders in hsbc's geneva branch that india had got from the french government.
out of these, no balance has been found in case of 289 accounts, according to a report of the special investigation team (sit) on black money which was submitted to the supreme court.
out of the 628 persons, 201 are either non-residents or non-traceable, leaving 427 persons cases as actionable cases, an official statement said while releasing relevant portion of the second report of sit on black money.
the amount involved in these cases is about rs 4,479 crore.
of this, the income tax department has finalised assessment for 79 entities involving more than 300 cases.
an amount of rs 2,926 crore has been brought to tax towards the undisclosed balances in the accounts relating to these persons, the statement said, adding that taxes along with interest at applicable rates have been levied.
penalty proceedings under income tax act, 1961 have been initiated in 46 cases.
such penalties have been levied in 3 cases so far.
with regard to other assesses, proceedings are pending, it said.
the statement, however, did not disclose the names of the the account holders.
prosecutions have been initiated in 6 cases for wilful attempts to evade taxes besides show cause notices have been issued in 10 others, it said.
in other cases, necessary action is being expedited and substantial progress is expected in coming months, it added.
while suggesting steps like curbs on cash transportation beyond a level and mandatory quoting of pan for cash and cheque payments over rs one lakh, the sit has flagged off mining, ponzi schemes, iron ore exports, misuse of export- import route as major areas prone to black money transactions.
it also pointed out that 'angadias', persons carry large amounts of cash while acting as 'money couriers' in gujarat and maharashtra especially, were playing a key role in transfer of unaccounted money.
giving update on various cases, the statement said that directorate of revenue intelligence (dri) has furnished information in 31 cases of iron ore export, of which 11 parties have admitted to undervaluation and paid rs 116.
73 crore.
in other cases, show cause notices have been issued and action will be taken in accordance with law.
besides, the directorate of enforcement is attaching property worth rs 400 crore and has arrested a person in a case relating to mining in odisha.
in karnataka, three attachment orders have been passed for assets worth a total of rs 995.
97 crore.
in several cases in goa and jharkhand, preliminary scrutiny and investigation is in progress in connection with illegal mining.
the report also pointed out that the ed is facing difficulties in taking coercive action in ponzi chit-fund cases due to a stay order by kolkata high court.
in one case in jharkhand, provisional attachment orders for properties worth rs 452.
43 crore were passed while rs 884.
13 crore worth of assets have been attached in another mining case in karnataka.
in a similar case in andhra pradesh, rs 1093.
10 crore worth assets have been attached.
giving suggestions to check black money menace, sit said pan should be made mandatory in every transaction of over rs 1 lakh, either by cash or cheque.
citing examples of european countries, it said that there should be a limit on transportation and holding of cash.
government may consider reasonable threshold which could be rs 10 lakh or rs 15 lakh.
this would control holding of unaccounted money to a large extent.
this would also control transfer of unaccounted cash from one destination to other, which at present is rampant, may be angadias or by other means, it said.
the sit has also suggested setting up of an institutional mechanism to examine mismatch between export/import data with corresponding data of other countries on a quarterly basis to unearth black money.
also, the shipping bills should include the international market price of goods and machinery sought to be exported.
this suggestion is under consideration and is likely to be implemented within short time, the statement said.
the sit also suggested that the tax evasion of rs 50 lakh or more be made a 'predicate offence' so that action can be taken under prevention of money laundering act.
in case it is found that an individual or entity owns a property abroad in violation of the law, a provision should be made in the fema to provide for seizure and confiscation of property of equivalent value within the country.
also, there should be a dynamic interaction between different stakeholders like reporting entities, financial intelligence unit and law enforcement authorities.
in cases where ed has attached a property and there are income tax dues to be collected, the sit said that the former should be open to recovering dues from the attached property.
it also suggested setting up of a central kyc registry to weed out use of multiple identities for financial transactions.
sit said that at least five additional chief judicial magistrates courts should be set up in mumbai to deal with 5000 pending it prosecution cases.
privilege motion vs privilege motion in ls; bjp targets scindianew delhi, mar 1, 2016, (pti) 14:27 istwith congress gunning for hrd minister smriti irani with a privilege motion, bjp today hit back in lok sabha by pressing for similar action against the opposition party's chief whip jyotiraditya scindia for defamatory remarks against minister bandaru dattatreya.
bjp's chief whip arjun ram meghwal accused scindia of misleading the house on february 24 by alleging that dattatreya had called rohith vemula, a dalit student of hyderabad university who committed suicide, anti-national, casteist and extremist.
meghwal said he and many other members, including dattatreya, had given a notice of breach of privilege against scindia.
he raised the issue amid uproarious scenes in the house as aiadmk members were demanding action against former union minister p chidambaram's son karti in the aircel-maxis issue.
at this, congress members too rushed to the well, demanding that the speaker decide on their privilege motion.
dattatreya accused scindia of defaming him and tarnishing his image by attributing such comments to him that he never made about vemula.
my mother used to sell onions.
i have always worked for obcs, dalits.
.
.
i have made sacrifices for dalits, he said, recalling his humble background and work for the downtrodden.
he said his letter to irani, over which he has been attacked by congress, made no mention of vemula's name.
i never made such charge against him.
congress members continued to protest with k c venugopal showing the rule book to speaker sumitra mahajan to which she shot back, saying don't show me the rule book.
i know.
she repeatedly tried to pacify the members saying all the notices for privilege motion are under her consideration.
with aiadmk and congress members continuing to protest, she adjourned the house.
the issue of privilege motion against irani had created a brief uproar in the lok sabha yesterday before finance minister arunjaitley started presenting the union budget 2016-17 with opposition members seeking to know the status of their notices against irani for misleading the house on the rohith vemula issue.
new delhi, jan 10, 2017, dhns 2:32 istdealers exempted from paying feeconsumers dont have to pay a transaction fee on credit and debit card payments at petrol pumps, the government said on monday.
the centre and the oil companies are working on an arrangement to share the fee banks collect on such transactions, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan said on monday.
dealers are also exempted from paying a fee for now.
the mdr (merchant discount rate) charge is levied on dealers under rbi guidelines, he explained.
but who will take the hit?
banks and oil marketing companies are discussing this, pradhan told reporters after meeting finance minister arunjaitley to address the question.
but i assure you there will be no levy on digital transactions at petrol stations even after january 13, he said.
dealers had threatened to stop selling fuel against cards on that date.
the fee is a matter between banks and oil marketing companies, and they will find a way out, pradhan said.
he rubbished the claim that oil marketing companies stand to lose rs 5,000 crore on account of the 0.
75  discount on card payments announced by the government.
the all-india petroleum dealers association had said on sunday three private banks had started levying the extra charge, and threatened a boycott of their cards.
the banks charge between 0.
25  and 1  on credit and debit card transactions.
crisis avertedon sunday night, dealers had threatened not to sell fuel against card payments, in response to some private banks saying they would reintroduce the 1  transaction fee.
the government had announced a 50-day waiver of the mdr (merchant discount rate) on digital transactions after the november 8 note ban.
the banks are keen to reintroduce the charge, now that the holiday is over.
the crisis triggered by the dealers announcement on sunday was averted with the intervention of the petroleum minister, who spoke to representatives of banks, dealers and oil companies.
finance minister arunjaitley , who underwent a successful kidney transplant at aiims on may 14, was shifted out of the intensive care unit (icu) and is recovering, a source at the hospital said.
his post-operative recovery was being closely monitored by a team of transplant surgeons, endocrinologist, nephrologist, cardiologist, pulmonologist and critical care experts among others.
he was shifted out of the icu to a private ward of the cardio-neuro centre during the weekend.
he is recovering well, the source said.
according to aiims sources, the kidney was donated to the 65-year-old minister by a distant relative, a middle-aged woman.
this fell under the category of 'live unrelated donation'.
living, unrelated donor could be anyone who is emotionally attached to the recipient, such as a friend, a relative, a neighbour or an in-law.
the authorisation committee had given its approval before the procedure, he said.
during transplant surgeries, the recipient is put on immunosuppressants in order to lower the body's ability to reject a transplanted organ and thus is kept in isolation to avoid any infection.
the surgery was carried out at the cardio-thoracic centre by a team of 20 personnel, including transplant surgeons and transplant anesthesiologists.
the team included former chief of aiims renal transplant division sandeep guleria, currently working with apollo hospital, surgeon v k bansal, nephrologist sandeep mahajan and aiims director randeep guleria.
sandeep guleria is the brother of randeep guleria and a family friend of the minister.
jaitley had confirmed his illness on twitter on april 6.
i am being treated for kidney-related problems and certain infections that i have contracted, he had tweeted.
in september 2014, he underwent a bariatric surgery to treat a long-standing diabetic condition and weight gain.
the surgery was first performed at max hospital, but he had to be later shifted to aiims because of complications.
jaitley had a heart surgery several years ago.
21 new faces join team modinew delhi, nov 10, 2014, dhns: 2:49 istrejig: parrikar gets defence, prabhu railways and rajyavardhan rathore i&bprime minister narendra modi on sunday night effected major changes in his council of ministers that saw the induction of 21 new faces, including four cabinet ministers and reshuffle of key portfolios.
among them, former goa chief minister manohar parrikar was given defence portfolio and former shiv sena leader suresh prabhu became the new railway minister in place of d v sadananda gowda who was shifted to law and justice portfolio.
finance minister arunjaitley who was freed of the defence portfolio to focus on the budget and reforms to revive the economy, was also given charge of the information and broadcasting.
prakash javadekar, who was earlier handling the i&b ministry also, will be in charge of only the environment ministry.
the shifting of gowda for prabhu to take charge of the railways was seen as a move to bring greater energy and dynamism into the proposed reforms in the sector for massive infrastructure growth.
gowdas cabinet colleague ravi shankar prasad, who was handling law and justice earlier, will now concentrate on telecom sector, which is modi's priority.
till date, prasad was handling the law portfolio, for which arunjaitley was also consulted often.
another cabinet entrant, birendra singh, ex-general secretary of congress, was entrusted with rural development, which was held as additional charge by transport minister nitin gadkari since the death of gopinath munde in may.
singh was also given charge of water and sanitation.
bjp general secretary j p nadda, who also made it to the cabinet, was given health portfolio, in place of dr harsh vardhan who was given science and technology.
among the new ministers of state (independent charge), rajiv pratap rudy was appointed minister of state (mos) for skill development and entrepreneurship and parliamentary affairs.
the lone minister from telangana, bandaru dattatreya, got the charge of labour and employment while uttar pradeshs bharatiya janata party (bjp) mp mahesh sharma got charge of culture and tourism, besides as mos civil aviation.
another new ministers of state mukhtar abbas naqvi was handed the portfolio of minority affairs as well as parliamentary affairs, while ram kirpal yadav, one-time aide of rashtriya janata dal leader lalu prasad, was appointed mos drinking water and sanitation.
the portfolios of the new ministers were announced late in the night indicating that modi was still fine-tuning the allocation of work for optimum performance of his team.
in what was his first expansion of his government, modi took on board several dalit and backward class leaders to expand social representation in his government, eyeing assembly elections in bihar, west bengal and up in the next one to three years.
however, the sena struck a strong discordant note, refusing the bjp offer of just a minister of state post, taking their ties to the edge of the precipice due to the stalemate over sharing of portfolios in the new government in maharashtra.
a couple of hours before the swearing-in ceremony, sena chief uddhav thackeray recalled party mp anil desai after he had landed in delhi to reach rashtrapati bhavan, stating he was miffed at his being given an mos berth.
the bjp ignored his demand that modi speak to him.
rashtrapati bhavan, in a statement later, said anil desai could not be administered the oath of office and secrecy as he was not available for the purpose.
adding to the strained bjp-sena ties, prabhu, who was power minister in the vajpayee government, joined the bjp on sunday morning to take oath as a cabinet minister.
an upset thackeray announced that his party was even ready to sit in the opposition in maharashtra if the bjp counted on the support of the nationalist congress party to sustain the devendra fadnavis government.
but he stopped short of pulling out anant geete, the lone sena minister in modi's cabinet.
in all, four cabinet ministers, three ministers of state with independent charges were inducted.
fourteen mos were also included.
the strength of modis cabinet, which modi had wanted to be kept in minimum with the focus on maximum governance, increased to 66 on sunday.
significantly, modi showed that he widened his search for fresh ministerial talent, by inducting olympic silver medallist rajyavardhan rathore and bollywood singer babul supriyo, both first time mps.
bjp's vijay sampla, a dalit mp from punjab who began life as a plumber, and ys chowdary of the telugu desam party, whose declared wealth is worth rs 190 crore, were also made ministers of state.
modi also chose jayant sinha, son of former finance minister yashwant sinha .
jayant, who has studied at iit-delhi and at harvard in the us, was made mos for finance.
bihar, which goes to the polls next year, got three new minsters.
apart from rudy, there was ram kirpal yadav, who is key to the bjps plan for wooing yadav votes.
bjp's bhumihar face giriraj singh, who made controversial comments earlier this year, was also made an mos with the charge of medium and small scale industries.
with four new ministers , the number of nominees from up where the bjp won 73 of the 80 lok sabha seats reached 13.
they included modi himself, who represents varanasi, rajnath singh, uma bharti and kalraj mishra.
bihar's representation increased to eight, with the inclusion of three ministers.
it has the second highest representation after uttar pradesh.
the bjp-led national democratic alliance had won 31 of the 40 lok sabha seats in the state.
six ministers were inducted in may from maharashtra, including gopinath munde, nitin gadkari, anant geete (shiv sena), prakash javadekar, piyush goel and rao saheb danve.
munde died in a road accident here in june.
with the induction of suresh prabhu and hansraj ahir, maharashtra's strength in the cabinet went up to seven.
modi did not ignore gujarat whose number went up to five.
he inducted haribhai parthibhai chaudhury and mohanbhai kalyanjibhai kundariya as ministers of state.
taking into account the complaint that rajasthan, which had given 25 mps to the bjp, was not represented adequately, modi chose rajyavardhan singh rathore and sanwar lal jat.
west bengal got a representative with the inclusion of babul supriyo into the ministry.
mr clean:manoharparrikar (59)his was not a surprise choice as his name had surfaced when narendra modi took charge on may 26.
one of the first to go public in favour of making modi the prime ministerial candidate, the three-time goa chief minister rose from a rss pracharak to become a union minister.
administrative acumen is his forte and parrikar, an iit-mumbai alumni, is expected to bring in his experience into defence ministry.
modis sherpa:suresh prabhu (61)with prabhus anointment, modi showed he is willing to rub shiv sena the wrong way.
a former sainik, prabhu took bjp membership just before driving to rashtrapati bhavan to take oath.
prabhu was appointed the prime ministers sherpa for g-20 talks and his was the name speculated for the body to replace the planning commission.
a qualified chartered accountant, prabhus efforts to streamline functioning of power ministry during vajpayee regime were appreciated.
he was also chairman of task force for interlinking of rivers and the south asia water conferencethe meticulous:j p nadda (53)known as a tough task master, he was the man who executed bjp chief amit shahs difficult assignments.
nadda is known to be part of all major decision making processes in the bjp.
he enjoys support from rss and has good equations with all prominent bjp leaders.
he takes personality development and time management workshops for the party workers.
the turncoat:ch birender singh (68)the congress denied him chief ministership in haryana and a seat in manmohan singhs cabinet.
he left the congress after four decades of association with it, and now finds a place in modis team as he is a prominent jat leader in the state.
the bjp believes that singhs entry into the saffron party will bring jats closerto it.
the old timer : bandaru dattatreya (67)the four-time mp is known for his simplicity, soft-spokenness and down-to-earth nature.
he is the first union minister from the newly-created state of telangana.
a science graduate, he joined the rss in 1965 and was a pracharak from 1968 to 1989.
he also has previous experience in the erstwhile atal bihari vajpayee government.
the pilot: rajiv pratap rudy (52)a commercial pilot, rudy humbled rashtriya janata dal chief lalu prasads wife rabri devi in bihars saran.
he played a key role in the partys victory in the politically crucial state of maharashtra.
his induction into the cabinet also shows the bjps focus on bihar ahead of next years assembly elections.
he has a formidable reputation as a party organiser.
the doctor: dr mahesh sharma (55)sharma, an mp from gautam budh nagar, owns the kailash hospital in noida, a satellite township of delhi.
a staunch rss follower since childhood, he was actively associated with abvp during his student days.
the minority face: mukhtar abbas naqvi (57)naqvi finds a place in modi's team but not in the senior league.
a defender of the party, he has to satisfy himself with mos status.
he is one of the vice presidents of bjp.
he explains party's stand on minorities, especially muslims.
he was among others involved in organising logistics for bjp in lok sabha polls.
congress-baiter: haribhai parthibhai chaudhari (60)the man who stormed the traditional congress bastion of banaskantha, haribhai parthibhai chaudhari maintained a stronghold over it, winning four times.
an active rss member, chaudhari is a commerce post-graduate degree holder who worked as a diamond trader.
in parliament, he was a member of several panels, including the standing committees on finance, chemicals and fertilizer, agriculture and commerce.
the motormouth: giriraj singh (62)a modi loyalist, he kicked up a storm when he said in april, those opposing narendra modi are looking at pakistan, and such people will have place in pakistan and not in india.
he has found a berth as a representative of bhumihars, who backed bjp in bihar.
he has special interest in agricultural practices and animal husbandry.
the whistleblower: hansraj gangaram ahir (59)the four-time bjp mp from chandrapur, maharashtra, is better known as one of the whistleblowers in the multi-crore coal block allocation scam.
he pressed for a central vigilance commission probe into the scam, leading to investigation by the cbi.
ahir has had 24 private bills out of the total 288 in the 15th lok sabha.
hailed by 14th lok sabha speaker somnath chatterjee as a role model for mps, he won the sansad ratna award for the best parliamentarian in the 15th lok sabha for being meticulous and systematic in parliamentary duties.
the sophisticated: jayant sinha (51)alumni of iit-delhi and harvard business school, he is the son of yashwant sinha.
an investment fund manager and management consultant so far, he was elected to lok sabha from hazaribagh, a seat once represented by his father.
an avid tennis player, he is expected to assist arunjaitley in finance ministry.
the shooter: rajyavardhan singh rathore (44)rathore, who won olympics silver medal in 2004, hit the political road in 2013 and he hit the bulls eye with an emphatic victory in lok sabha polls after taking voluntary retirement from the army as a colonel.
he served army for 23 years.
i must not back out when the nation is faced with a different kind of threat, he had said about his entry into politics.
the singer: babul supriyo (44)supriyo, the singing sensation, celebrated his entry into modis team savouring a cup of tea and a cream roll from a roadside tea stall.
the singer, who rendered hit songs pari hai ek pari.
.
.
, chanda chamke.
.
.
and dil ne dil ko pukara, is one of the two bjp mps from west bengal, where bjp hopes to do better next time.
supriyo also pipped senior bjp leader s s alhuwalia to enter the council of ministers.
the plumber: vijay sampla (53)sampla, a dalit, was once a plumber in gulf and now he has scaled new heights.
he may be bjp's trump card to woo scheduled castes when punjab goes to assembly polls in 2017.
sampla began his political journey after being elected sarpanch of his village and has also held several important positions in the state bjp unit including having been its vice president.
the writer: prof (dr) ram shankar katheria (50)a phd holder and a writer with books on social issues and dalit upliftment, among others, prof (dr) ram shankar katherias inclusion into the union cabinet is expected to help the party in up and punjab.
a second-time mp, dr katheria of the up is in charge of party affairs in punjab.
in his first term, he was a member of several committees like the committee on urban development, committee on papers laid on the table, committee on petitions and also the consultative committee on rural development.
the preacher: sadhvi niranjan jyoti (47)a religious preacher, sadhvi niranjan jyoti helped bjp make inroads among the dalit and backward classes in the politically-crucial state of uttar pradesh.
she contested and won from the fatehpur seat in up and her candidature is widely acknowledged to have got the bjp the support of the kashyap and nishad communities.
new delhi, jan 5, 2016 (pti) 14:59 istfinance minister arunjaitley today recorded his statement in a delhi court in a criminal defamation complaint filed by him against chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders, accusing them of making false statements against him and his family members.
jaitley, who appeared before the court amidst tight security, also said that statements have been made to deflect attention from cbi probe against a particular person who is working with kejriwal, court sources said.
the security personnel did not allow any mediaperson to enter the court room and only the advocates have been allowed to attend the closed-door proceedings.
jaitley had on december 21 filed criminal defamation case against kejriwal and five other aap leaders -- kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh, raghav chadha and deepak bajpai -- for allegedly defaming him and sought their prosecution for offences that entail a punishment of upto two years in jail.
the complaint was filed under various sections of the ipc including 499 (defamation), 500 (punishment), 501 and 502 (printing and sale of defamatory matter).
the complaint referred to some of the allegations made by aap leaders in press conferences, including one that claimed that the cbi raided the office of delhi government official looking for jaitley's tax scam files and that there was corruption worth several hundred crores under jaitley's tenure and that he had shielded ddca for over 15 years.
jaitley had said such statements have been made orally and through twitter handle of the aap leaders which have been carried by electronic and print media from december 15 to december 20.
rbi can now initiate bankruptcy proceedingsnew delhi, dh news service, may 6 2017, 1:59 istbanking regulation act amended to pass orderit said the rbi has also been empowered to appoint authorities or committees to advise banking companies for stressed asset resolution.
reuters file photoseeking to relieve state-owned banks of mounting bad loans, the government on friday empowered the reserve bank of india rbi to initiate insolvency and bankruptcy proceedings as and when needed.
the new responsibility given to the rbi came through an amendment of the banking regulation act of 1949, through an ordinance signed by president pranab mukherjee late on thursday night.
the promulgation of the banking regulation (amendment) ordinance, 2017, inserting two new sections (35aa and 35ab) in the banking regulation act enables the union government to authorise rbi to direct banking companies to resolve specific stressed assets by initiating insolvency resolution process where required, the executive order said.
it said the rbi has also been empowered to appoint authorities or committees to advise banking companies for stressed asset resolution.
this action of the government will have a direct impact on the resolution of stressed assets, as the rbi will be empowered to intervene in the resolution of non-performing assets.
briefing reporters on the need for an ordinance, finance minister arunjaitley said, the present status quo cannot continue.
and the present status quo is that nothing is moving.
the psu banks are grappling with close to rs 7 lakh crore of non-performing assets.
this had placed immense stress on the banking system and limited its capability to provide fresh loans to the infrastructure sector.
speaking about one of the objectives of the ordinance, the finance minister said, when bankers take decisions on commercial and banking considerations, they must have adequate comfort level.
he said the new mechanism will expedite commercial decision-making by banks.
sonia slams modi's 'deafening silence'new delhi, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 0:17 ist'house disruptions forced on us'in a scathing attack on the government, congress president sonia gandhi on monday accused prime minister narendra modi of retreating into deafening silence on the blatant transgressions of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and two chief ministers.
in a clear message, sonia declared that the congress would not cooperate with the government in running the parliament so long as swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan are not sacked.
she said the prime minister has never missed an opportunity to take a moral high ground on transparency, integrity and accountability, but has retreated into a silence mode when it came to blatant transgressions by swaraj and the two chief ministers.
our stand is straightforward and clear from day one.
there is a mountain of incontrovertible evidence in public domain for the prime minister to require the resignations of the external affairs minister and the two chief ministers, she said, virtually sealing the fate of the ongoing monsoon session.
referring to the governments repeated references to its numerical strength, sonia said parliamentary majority did not give anyone the license to evade accountability.
the congress has been demanding the resignations of swaraj and raje for their alleged involvement in facilitating travel documents for former ipl boss lalit modi and chouhan for the vyapam scandal.
seeking to justify the congress pitch for resign first, debate later approach, she wondered whether the bjp has forgotten that it was the author of the principle which it has used on at least five different occasions since 1993.
yesterdays agitators in both the houses have suddenly become todays champions of debate and discussion, sonia said pointing out that those who advocated disruption as a legitimate tactic were giving the congress sermons on parliamentary behaviour.
finance minister arunjaitley dismissed sonias charges and said those rejected by the electorate did not want a popularly elected government to discharge its mandate.
a couple of hours later, the congress articulated similar position at the all party meeting convened by parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu to break the two-week logjam in parliament.
sonia said the congress wanted parliament to function but was forced to resort to disruptions because of the governments completely brazen attitude.
india reduced to a 'banana republic', pm must apologise: oppnnew delhi, dec 7, 2016 (pti) 19:10 istaccusing prime minister narendra modi of reducing india to a banana republic by imposing demonetisation, the opposition today asked him to apologise for the move, a demand the government was quick to dismiss averring that it was in the country's interest.
the opposition also termed as immature finance minister arun jaitley's remark that its members were not taking part in discussion on demonetisation in the house, but were using the issue for getting footage on tv, and said the situation was otherwise and it was modi who wanted to be seen on television.
on the bjp parliamentary party passing a resolution claiming public support for demonetisation, the opposition leaders asked the ruling party to check ground realities first and stressed that the people continue to reel under hardships.
the impression that has gone worldwide post demonetisation is that money that was there with housewives, labourers, salaried employees was black money.
india's image has been hit.
even the foreign tourists coming here, embassies are not getting money, congress leader anand sharma told reporters outside parliament.
we have been reduced to a banana republic.
this responsibility lies with one person: the prime minister.
he should apologise for (what) he has inflicted upon people of the country, he said.
sharma said jaitley's statement was very unfortunate and immature and that it should have been avoided.
(rather it is) the prime minister who wants to be seen on tv all the time, so does the finance minister.
what do they expect?
that the opposition has no right to question, criticise wrong decisions?
he asked.
echoing sharma, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said it is only the prime minister who is seen there on tv.
referring to the bjp parliamentary party resolution, the rajya sabha mp suggested the ruling party should do a reality check as he noted that the poor continued to suffer post withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes.
people are suffering.
when such issue is raised, they are saying our opposition is for tv footage, yechury said.
yechury flayed the bjp parliamentary party for passing a resolution, condemning opposition parties for not letting the parliament function, and said it is the prime minister who is not letting it function.
bsp chief mayawati reiterated that the centre announced demonetisation sans any preparation.
the prime minister announced demonetisation nearly a month ago.
he had said the problem will be solved within 50 days.
but i can't see it happening over the past one month.
the poor, agricultural workers.
.
.
they continue to remain affected, the bsp supremo said.
senior jd(u) leader sharad yadav said that the government did not take initiative to ensure smooth functioning of the house.
hitting back, union minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi sought to know whether the opposition wants modi to apologise for having tightened noose around kubers of black money and corrupts and working in public interest.
he asked the opposition to join debate on the issue as there are still some day left for the session to be over.
the winter session of parliament will conclude on december 16.
why should the prime minister apologise?
because the kubers of black money, corrupts and dishonest have been hit hard?
or is it because the poor is on the way of being happy?
he asked.
the minister alleged those demanding apology are the ones who allowed corrupts a freehand to loot the country for 70 years.
he stressed the decision is in the interest of the people who, he claimed, are supporting the move.
but instead of participating and concluding the debate, the opposition has been using the zero hour to raise the issue for getting footage on tv rather than listening to substantive facts on the issue.
.
.
if the opposition has the guts, the debate should resume, the leader of the house said.
centre, states now spar over gst admin powersnov 5, 2016, new delhi, dhns 1:22 istafter settling vexed questions over the upcoming goods and services tax, the centre and the states have run into differences over who gets to tax whom.
the gst council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley , will now have an informal meeting on november 20 to find a political solution to an issue that threatens to derail the governments plans to implement unified indirect taxes from april 1 next year.
the gst council has to decide on a slab to divide assessees between the centre and the states, or agree on a percentage of assessees each gets to tax.
at its first meeting, the gst council had agreed to allow states tax businesses with an annual turnover of up to rs 1.
5 crore, but the idea ran into rough weather, with the states demanding control over 11 lakh service tax assesses.
the gst council meeting scheduled for november 9-10 has been cancelled and the next meeting will be held on november 24-25.
whatever consensus we reach (at the informal meeting) on november 20 will be put up for ratification on november 24, the finance minister said.
meanwhile, central and state government officials will prepare the drafts of four supplementary bills dealing with cgst, sgst, igst and the compensation law.
i am endeavouring to do that.
the finance minister said he was more confident on the passage of the two bills than he was in august when the constitution amendment bill was passed.
let me say this because a bulk of the spadework has been done.
most of the decisions have been taken.
whats the dispute?
the gst council has to decide on a monetary slab to divide assessees or fix how many assessees the central government and the states can tax.
kirti azad alleges bungling in ddca, aap government to probenew delhi, dec 20, 2015,(ians) 20:13 istformer india player kirti azad on sunday alleged massive financial irregularities in delhi's cricket board even as the city government said it had ordered a probe into the ddca's working.
addressing the media with former player bishan singh bedi, azad sought an investigation by the enforcement directorate into the working of the delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
while azad refrained from naming anyone for the alleged bungling, delhi's ruling aam aadmi party (aap) again sought the sacking of finance minister arunjaitley , who for years headed the ddca.
simultaneously, chief minister arvind kejriwal announced that former solicitor general gopal subramanium would head a commission to probe the functioning of the ddca.
jaitley has denied the corruption charges hurled against him, and dubbed azad, a leader - like him - of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) a trojan horse.
azad repeatedly underlined that he was not targeting any individual and that he had nothing to do with the attacks on arunjaitley by the aap, which he said was born the other day and was only echoing what he had been saying for eight long years.
he alleged that the ddca gave contracts to fake companies, paying them crores of rupees in cash and had fudged the audit of accounts.
he played a video produced by wikileaks4india which claimed that some of the companies favoured by the ddca had given fictitious addresses.
if the companies were fake, surely the bank accounts into which the money was paid must also be fake, he said.
he alleged that the ddca hired office and other equipment at vastly inflated prices.
laptops and printers were hired at rs.17,000 and rs.3,000 a day, respectively.
i just want to expose corruption.
.
.
i repeat this is not (a) personal (issue) or (directed) against one person.
it is against corruption, azad said.
a member of the indian team that won the world cup in 1983, azad refuted jaitley's charge that he (azad) had met congress president sonia gandhi to target the finance minister.
if someone is pointing a finger at me, he must know that three fingers will point back at him, he said.
azad's comments came a day after the bjp leadership reportedly tried to gag him on the cricketing issue because of the embarrassment being caused to the party.
on his part, azad said he was a fan of prime minister narendra modi.
jaitley, who headed the ddca for 13 years till 2013, has also been accused of corruption by the congress and the aap.
soon after azad detailed what he said was the financial wrongdoing in the ddca, the aap asked modi to sack arunjaitley from the government.
jaitley is the suresh kalmadi of bjp, aap leader ashutosh told the media, referring to the former congress mp who was linked to the alleged corruption in the 2010 commonwealth games.
he should be immediately sacked.
another aap leader, kumar vishwas, wanted to know if modi would continue to retain arunjaitley in his cabinet even after knowing the details of the corruption charges.
he said the real reason the cbi raided kejriwal's office on december 15 in the name of targeting his principal secretary rajendra kumar was to study the file which had the report of a three-member team which - on kejriwal's orders - probed the alleged financial wrongdoing in the ddca.
the central bureau of investigation has denied searching kejriwal's office.
kirti azad has made it clear that arunjaitley is the head of the (ddca) scam.
he should be removed, said sanjay singh, another aap leader.
narayan kulkarni, april 10, 2017, dhns 0:29 ista large population and a robust healthcare market are turning india into a serious medical devices hub.
even the government is taking notefinance minister arunjaitley , while presenting the budget 2017-18, announced that the government will soon formulate new rules for regulating medical devices, a sunrise sector.
these rules will be internationally harmonised and attract investment into this sector.
this will reduce the cost of such devices.
the ministry of health and family welfare notified medical devices rules, 2017, on january 31, 2017, a month before the presentation of the budget.
the new rules have been framed in conformity with the global harmonisation task force (ghtf) framework and conform to best international practices.
the government of india has identified medical devices as one of the four focus sectors under the brand india engineering.
the brand india engineering is an initiative being implemented by india brand equity foundation (ibef) and the engineering export promotion council (eepc) of india, under the aegis of the ministry of commerce and industry, in close cooperation with the industry to enhance indian engineering exports, by highlighting and showcasing made in india products and their capabilities in the global market.
the initiative involves a 360 approach in promoting the branding of indian engineering products.
according to ibef and eepc india, the indian medical devices industry is currently valued at around $5 billion.
the overall healthcare industry in india is valued at $90 billion, which is expected to reach $220 billion by 2020.
thus, indias medical devices, surgical equipment and pharmaceutical industry is poised to grow significantly in the coming years and emerge as a cost-effective supplier globally.
the indian surgical equipment, medical device and pharmaceutical machinery industry is fragmented with close to 1,800 domestic firms, who are predominantly msmes, primarily competing in the range of low-to-medium technology products.
however, in recent years, there has been a paradigm shift in the manufacturing landscape, and which now has expanded to producing more cost-effectively, to high-end products including hi-tech r&d and testing in the sector.
the domestic market caters to low-value disposables and supplies space, whereas importers dominate the costly and high-end medical equipment with extensive service networks.
even as it is deemed as a sunrise sector in the healthcare space, with a focus on technology, innovation and a conducive regulatory framework, the indian medical devices industrywill attract investments from the private sector.
this would help indian companies become originators rather than traders.
international companies in this field are also using india as a manufacturing base by either setting up facilities of their own or by acquiring domestic manufacturers.
india provides a lot of opportunities for the medical devices players as the country has a growing and ageing population, income base and associated disposable income, increasing socio-economic inclusion of rural and deprived in the mainstream economy, hightened manufacturing innovation to create customised products to meet the needs of all income segments, changing disease prevalence pattern (eg.
early onset of diabetes and heart disease) and growing awareness among the middle class to focus on early detection and disease prevention.
new medical devices rules, 2017as per the new medical devices rules, 2017, only 15 categories of medical devices are, at present, regulated as drugs and to that extent, the current regulatory practices in india were not fully geared to meet the requirements of the medical devices sector.
the new rules seek to remove regulatory bottlenecks to make in india, and facilitate ease of doing business while ensuring availability of better medical devices for patient care and safety.
medical devices will, under the new rules, be classified as per ghtf practice, based on associated risks, into class a (low risk), class b (low moderate risk), class c (moderate high risk) and class d (high risk).
the manufacturers of medical devices will be required to meet risk proportionate regulatory requirements that have been specified in the rules and are based on best international practices.
with a view to bring in the highest degree of professionalism in regulation of medical devices, a system of third party conformity assessment and certification through notified bodies is envisaged.
the notified bodies will be accredited by the national accreditation board for certification bodies (nabcb), which, before accrediting notified bodies, will assess their competence in terms of required human resources and other requirements.
these bodies will undertake verification and assessment of quality management system of medical device manufacturers of class a and class b categories and may, on as required basis, be called upon to render assistance for regulation of class c and d medical devices too.
the rules also seek to evolve a culture of self-compliance by manufacturers of medical devices.
a network of nabl-accredited laboratories will be set up both, by the government and by other entities, for testing medical devices.
separate provisions for regulation of clinical trials of investigational medical devices (i.
e.
new devices) have also been made at par with international practices and, like clinical trials, these will be regulated by cdsco.
the trials will be conducted to ensure realisation of the twin objectives of patient safety and welfare and discovery of new medical devices.
under the new rules, for the first time, there will be no requirement of periodic renewal of licences.
accordingly, manufacturing and import licences will remain valid till these are suspended or cancelled or surrendered.
these rules envisage creation of a robust ecosystem for all stakeholders including innovators, manufacturers, providers, consumers, buyers and regulators.
the rules will provide a conducive environment for fostering india specific innovation and improving accessibility and affordability of medical devices across the globe by leveraging comparative cost advantage of manufacturing in india.
the new rules will help in developing a quality standardisation framework in india at par with international standards.
the implementation of these rules will provide the assurance of the best quality, safety and performance of medical devices.
these rules coupled with other measures, taken by the government in the recent past, are expected to sharpen the competitive edge and provide incentives to firms to become more efficient, innovative, and competitive.
all this will support entrepreneurship, market entry and economic growth that in turn, would produce high-quality jobs.
promotional initiativesthe government has launched voluntary scheme icmed or indian certification of medical devices to bring international respect to medical devices which are made in india.
with effect from january 1, 2016, the government has scrapped the requirements of obtaining a no objection certificate from the ministry of health for exports meant to developed countries.
it has allowed 100  fdi to promote world-class manufacturing and enhance competencies in the local manufacturing.
existing companies or setting up of new companies are allowed to bring fdi under automatic route into the sector.
to stimulate domestic manufacturing, the centre announced (on january 19, 2016) withdrawal of earlier concessional import duty.
in order to boost self-sustaining industry oriented r&d mechanism, the ministry of commerce and industry has undertaken an initiative for technological upgradation for boosting engineering exports.
with the support and push from the prime ministers office, the department of pharmaceuticals is making efforts to fast-track formulation of the medical devices policy that will give the sector a leg-up and attract fdi, to see growth in the coming years.
jaitley defends sushma's help to lalit modinew delhi, june 17, 2015, dhns 23:18 istmodigate: finmin says external affairs minister's intentions were goodfinance minister arunjaitley on tuesday broke his silence over the controversy involving sushma swaraj and lalit modi, defending the external affairs minister, who he said acted bona fide in helping the ipl ex-chief get travel documents from britain.
let me make it clear that all the allegations levelled are baseless.
she acted bona fide.
the entire government and the party are one on the issue.
to a question on whether swaraj took the decision to help modi, who is facing probe in financial crime cases to the tune of rs 1,700 crore, on her own, he said ministers in the government are capable of taking decisions on their own and once it is taken, there is collective responsibility.
ahead of the press meet, called to ostensibly announce a flood relief package for jammu and kashmir, arunjaitley and swaraj met at singh's office in north block.
swaraj had said she acted on humanitarian grounds to help modi, who fled to london five years ago after the enforcement directorate (ed) levelled money laundering and other charges against him.
jaitley's remarks came amid insinuations by some bjp leaders that he could be behind the latest controversy.
swaraj and arunjaitley do not enjoy best of equations in the party, a reason that gave the opposition parties an opportunity to question the finance minister's silence over the episode.
while shah and the home minister had commented on sunday itself, arunjaitley had not made any remarks on the issue till now, while bjp mp kirti azad had tweeted about aasteen ka saanp (snake in the sleeves), suggesting that the controversy was an insider's job.
next question, arunjaitley quipped when asked about the identity of the back-stabber whom azad, who is against jaitley's camp in the india's cricket administration, was referring to.
asked whether the ed had issued any blue-corner notice against lalit modi, he said in a lighter vein, there is confusion over the shades of blue.
however, he added that there is a procedure for a blue-corner notice.
there is a procedure of a light-blue-corner notice that is issued by the directorate of revenue intelligence at the request of the ed.
that notice was issued in 2010, and continues to be valid even today, he said.
they will decide.
he said the ed has investigated several cases against modi, and issued a number of show-cause notices as part of its quasi-judicial functions.
i understand that out of 16 investigations, show-cause notices have been issued in 15.
one is still under investigation, he said.
multiplexes urge centre to reduce gst on film industrydh news service, bengaluru, may 23 2017, 0:23 istthe multiplex association of india (mai) has requested prime minister narendra modi, finance minister arunjaitley and the goods and services tax council to lower the gst rate for the film industry and evolve a system whereby entertainment tax levied by local bodies is allowed to be set off from gst liability.
we are completely shocked as the gst council has decided to tax cinemas at the prohibitive rate of 28 , while we had expected the gst rate for cinemas to be either 5  or at worst 8 , stated a press release by deepak asher, president, mai.
globally, taxes on entertainment are usually in single digits, since entertainment is seen to be an essential ingredient of social infrastructure.
in several countries, taxes on entertainment are usually half the revenue neutral rate of gst, the release stated.
many states are empowering local bodies to levy an additional entertainment tax.
in substance, cinemas could well end up paying, not just a prohibitive 28  gst, but possibly a 10 -25  local body entertainment tax as well.
this dual taxation at prohibitive rates would not only lead to substantial increase in ticket prices for cine-goers, but could well sound the death knell for the film industry, which already is faring quite badly due to the continuous onslaught of piracy and other formats of content delivery to the consumers, the release added.
diesel deregulated, price fallsnew delhi: oct 8, 2014, dhns: 1:21 istthe centre on saturday lifted control on diesel prices and hiked natural gas tariff by 46 per cent with an aim to usher in reforms in the petroleum and natural gas sector.
with this, the price of diesel will come down by rs 3.
64 per litre effective saturday midnight in bangalore and will cost rs 60.
43.
the price move is in tandem with international prices from the next month.
hike in natural gas prices, however, will increase fertilizer, png, cng and gas-based electricity tariffs.
after deregulation, the government will no longer provide subsidy on diesel.
there are apprehensions that if the crude prices go up in the international market, the consumers will have to pay more for the fuel.
brent crude in international market has fallen 25 per cent this year to around $83 per barrel and expectation is that it may not cross $100 a barrel anytime soon.
this will be the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years.
diesel prices were last cut on january 29, 2009, when they were reduced by rs 2 a litre to rs 30.
86.
rates have since climbed to rs 58.
97.
diesel will now cost rs 55.
6 per litre in delhi from sunday.
gas tariff hikeagainst the backdrop of the recommendation to double gas prices to $8.
4 per million british thermal unit (mmbtu) by the rangarajan committee, which was cleared by the upa government, the nda government approved a 46 per cent increase.
the prices will go up from the current $4.
2 per mmbtu to $5.
61 per mmbtu from november 1 and rates will be revised every six months with the next revision being on april 1.
rates for the gas produced by mukesh ambanis relianceindustries limited (ril) as well as state-owned ongc will also be revised every six months with the next review on april 1.
the hike is not applicable to rils dhirubhai-1 and 3 gas fields in the kg-d6 basin till it makes up for the shortfall in production in the past four years.
ril will get the higher price if it is able to prove legally that the fall in output was not deliberate and was due to geological reasons as it claims.
the natural gas price increase will result in cng prices going up by rs 4.
25 per kg and piped cooking gas by rs 2.
6.
oil minister dharmendra pradhan said states are being asked to cut taxes to reduce the burden.
besides, tariff for power produced from gas will go up by about 90 paisa per unit and fertiliser production cost by almost rs 2,720 per tonne.
the decision will not only ease the subsidy burden on the government, but will also encourage private players like ril and essar oil to resume their retail operations.
he also said that the gdp growth rate this year would be 7.
5 per cent and hopefully higher in the next year.
we are trying to rationalise taxes, lower taxes and introduce a non-adversarial and fair system of taxation.
there is a raging ideological battle between reform and obstruction.
the government is fairly determined.
the roadmap for us is very clear.
we need a lot of investment in india and we need to ease the process of doing business in india and therefore slowly we are introducing changes in that direction, he said addressing a gathering of international investors on 'investment opportunities in india' here last night.
jaitley stressed that the new government's priority was to improve the credibility of the indian economy.
fiscal deficits are on the downside.
there is a flurry of activities, we are correcting aberrations in taxation structure, we are concentrating on infrastructure and trying to bring about fairness in our system.
the success of the auction of spectrum and coal mines have shown how corruption could be avoided and bring higher values.
we seem to be favourably placed, he said.
in an attack on the previous upa government, arunjaitley stressed on how scandals such as the spectrum and coal field allocations are a thing of the past.
if (former prime minister manmohan) singh had his way, the crisis would never have taken place but there was a sense of helplessness.
with regard to coal, he had announced an auction process within months of taking over but for 10 years he was unable to go through with it.
how can we allow such a system to continue, he said at the event organised by ficci and uk indian business council.
speaking at another function launching the union bank of india (uk), a subsidiary of the union bank of india, arunjaitley noted that india is emerging as one of the fastest growing economies and said that this year the gdp growth rate will be 7.
5 per cent and next year hopefully it would be higher.
he said that since the new government came to power the economy has regained.
during the last few years we had fallen off the radar, our growth had slowed down, our priorities were blurred and the world was accusing us of policy paralysis.
finally people of india decided to bring about a change, he said.
without naming upa, he said the i (india) was falling off the bric.
but today most of others are facing challenge while india is emerging as one of the fastest growth nations - this year we will close at 7.
5 per cent gdp growth and next year hopefully higher.
at the same time, he noted that elimination of poverty is a major challenge and government is working hard to tackle this great challenge.
vadodara, press trust of india, may 7 2017, 18:32 istrevenue secretary hasmukh adhia is hopeful of a smooth transition to the gst regime and says it will help domestic firms to become more competitive apart from streamlining the taxation for all business activities.
unlike in other countries, the transition to the new tax regime would be smooth here because there are multiple points of taxation in the country.
hence, the possibility of sudden spurt in inflation is remote, said adhia, who is spearheading the implementation of the goods and services tax.
he was speaking at a conference on gst organised by the federation of gujarat industries and the chief commissioner, central excise, customs & service tax, vadodara zone, here last evening.
explaining gst's importance for giving a boost to the manufacturing sector, he said, cascading taxes along with non-availability of input credit meant that domestically produced goods found it harder to compete with imported ones.
gst is a multi-point tax on value addition with seamless input tax credit, he said.
adhia's comments come amid calls from some experts and a section of the industry for deferring the gst roll-out to september-october instead from july 1.
there will be a level playing field for all and this will benefit the domestic units, adhia said.
eight state assemblies have passed the state goods and services tax (sgst) bill since the beginning of april.
the gst council, the top decision-making body headed by finance minister arunjaitley , approved the model sgst bill at its 12th meeting on march 16.
the next gst council meeting will be held in srinagar on may 18-19 to fix the tax rates of various commodities.
don't blackmail us, says cong on blackmoney issuenew delhi, oct 22, 2014, (pti) 19:18 istcongress today launched a blistering attack on finance minister arunjaitley over his remarks that disclosure of names of those holding illicit foreign accounts will embarrass the opposition party and dared him to come out with full information instead of half truths and selective leakage.
congress is not going to be blackmailed under any such threat.
.
.
.
congress party is above individuals.
stricter possible action should be taken against whoever is involved in it but that should not be inspired by vindictiveness and it should also not be half truth, aicc communication department chairman ajay maken told reporters here.
the issue of blackmoney has led to a war of words between the ruling bjp and congress.
the government recently told the supreme court that it cannot disclose the names of swiss bank account holders, a stand the upa had taken earlier.
as congress accused the bjp government of practising hypocrisy on the issue, jaitely yesterday said, the names (of black money account holders) will be public shortly.
.
.
i can assure you there is no embarrassment i (bjp) will have when all the names are disclosed.
there is some embarrassment the congress party will have because of those names.
dismissing it, aicc general secretary digvijay singh accused arunjaitley of bluffing while youth congress chief rajiv satav wondered what is stopping the finance minister from naming those people.
reacting sharply to jaitley's remarks, maken said, there is no need to blackmail congress.
whatever name they have, they should reveal and act as they have a government.
they should not try to blackmail us.
we also tell them not to limit the declaration of names only to 136 individuals.
we want to tell the bjp and the prime minister that half truth is not the truth.
they should not go for selective and vindictive leakages.
they should come out with all the names.
maken also recalled that prime minister narendra modi, during his lok sabha election campaign, had said that if the black money is brought back, each citizen will have rs 15 lakh while home minister rajnath singh, who was then bjp president, had promised to bring back black money within 100 days.
do not mislead people about names.
people of the country are not going to get into this trap of names.
people of the country are waiting that when will the government bring back blackmoney.
100 days have already passed and it is to be 150 days.
so not not a single penny has come.
people of the country including me are waiting for rs 15 lakh to come into their accounts as was promised by modi ji, he said.
youth congress president rajiv satava said on twitter, a traitor is a traitor.
he is neither a congressman nor a bjp man.
what is stopping arunjaitley ji from naming the traitors?
aicc general secretary digvijay singh tweeted fm instead of bluffing people should tell us when he is depositing 3 l (lakh) in a/c of every citizen as promised by modi in his campaign speeches.
continuing in another tweet, he said ,can it be a diwali gift under jan dhan yojna or we have to wait till 2019 !
fekuism at its best once again.
congress had attacked narendra modi during the lok sabha campaign on social media under the hashtag 'feku'.
i will accept party decision: bsybangalore, mar 23, 2012 (pti) 17:50 istafter making a strident campaign for his comeback, b s yeddyurappa today said he would accept the decision of the central bjp leadership on utilising his services in whatever capacity as karnataka chief minister d v sadananda gowda continued to insist there would be no change of guard.
it is left to the party to take a decision on utilising my services in whatever capacity.
i will accept whatever decision the party high command takes, yeddyurappa, who had raised the pitch for his reinstatement as chief minister in recent days before agreeing to a temporary truce, told reporters here.
a day after returning from delhi holding consultations with bjp central leaders including party president nitin gadkari, l k advani, arunjaitley and others, the former karnataka chief minister said he had not insisted on any post, adding i am confident the party will take an appropriate decision at an appropriate time.
gowda, who also met central leaders in delhi, dismissed a 'figment of imagination' reports about his resignation and claimed the party central leaders were happy about his governance and the budget presented by him.
there is no change of guard in the state, said gowda, who also described yeddyurappa as the unquestionable leader of the state.
noting that the karnataka high court has cleared yeddyurappa in the illegal mining case filed against him on the basis of lokayukta report, he hoped that the former chief minister would come clean in other corruption cases also.
it was left to the party high command to decide on what position should be given to yeddyurappa, he told reporters.
speaking to mediapersons separately, yeddyurappa said he was not responsible for the defeat of bjp candidate v sunil kumar in the by-election to udupi-chikmagalur lok sabha seat which gowda had held till becoming the chief minister.
i am not responsible for the defeat in udupi-chikmagalur bypoll.
due to various reasons, i could not campaign, yeddyurappa said obviously replying to criticisms that his staying away was one of the reasons for the bjp yielding the seat to congress.
yeddyuappa described his four-hour long discussions with central party leaders as fruitful.
he defended his action in huddling about 65 mlas in a resort to demonstrate his strength in his comeback campaign saying he came to know about problems faced by the legislators in their constituencies.
there is nothing wrong in holding meeting in a resort.
definitely we will have more such meetings.
the mlas can even meet him in his race course residence in future to discuss their constituency problems, he said.
yeddyurappa, who was forced to quit as chief minister in july last by the central leadership over the lokayukta report on illegal mining, said he would continue to work for strengthening the party.
he said he had advised sadananda gowda in preparing the state's 2012-13 budget.
according to bjp sources, gadkari has counselled yeddyurappa to have patience and wait for the decision of the party while being asked to extend support for passing the budget in the assembly without any hurdle.
the budget session is expected to end on march 30.
meanwhile, municipal administration minister bhalachandra jarkiholi said he and his supporters c p yogeshwar, anand asnotikar (both ministers) and varthur prakash (mla) assured bjp central leaders, including advani and gadkari, that they would not cross party limits, but urged them not to replace chief minister sadananda gowda.
jarkiholi said he had no objection to the bjp giving an important party post to yeddyurappa but gowda's continuation as chief minister was not only good for the party but also for the state.
sources said jarkiholi and his supporters met advani in delhi and held talks for nearly 30 minutes apprising him about political developments in the state.
jarkiholi and his supporters are an important cog in the wheel for the state government's survival.
the bjp has 120 mlas, including the speaker in the 224-member assembly.
jarkiholi, along with asnotikar and kgf mla sampangi, had met governor h r bhardwaj two days back, fuelling speculation that they would resign to stall yeddyurappa's comeback bid.
on march 18, jarkiholi along with 19 legislators had threatened to resign if yeddyurappa was reinstated.
sixteen mlas, 11 of them from bjp, were disqualified by speaker k g bopaiah on october 10 last year two days before the deadline fixed by the governor to yeddyurappa to prove his majority after the legislators wrote a letter withdrawing their support to him.
the supreme court on may 13 2011 had struck down the speaker's order and also the high court verdict which upheld it.
the legislators, including jarkiholi, had wanted yeddyurappa to step down as chief minister.
petrol price on sunday hit rs 74.
40 a litre - the highest level under the bjp-led government, while diesel rates touched a record high of rs 65.
65, renewing calls for cut in excise duty to ease burden on consumers.
state-owned oil firms, which have been since june last year revising auto fuel prices daily, today raised petrol and diesel rates by 19 paisa per litre each in delhi, according to a price notification.
the hike necessitated due to firming international oil prices, comes on back of a 13 paisa increase in rates of petrol effected yesterday and a 15 paisa hike in diesel, it said.
petrol in the national capital now costs rs 74.
40 a litre, the highest since september 14, 2013 when rates had hit rs 76.
06.
diesel price at rs 65.
65 are the highest ever.
oil ministry had earlier this year sought a reduction in excise duty on petrol and diesel to cushion the impact arising out of international oil rates but finance minister arunjaitley in his budget presented on february 1 made no concessions.
india has the highest retail prices of petrol and diesel among south asian nations as taxes account for half of the pump rates.
jaitley had raised excise duty nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell, but then cut the tax just once in october last year by rs 2 a litre.
subsequent to that excise duty reduction, the centre had asked states to also lower vat but just four of them - maharashtra, gujarat, madhya pradesh and himachal pradesh reduced rates while others including bjp-ruled ones ignored the call.
the central government had cut excise duty by rs 2 per litre in october 2017, when petrol price reached rs 70.
88 per litre in delhi and diesel rs. 59.
14.
because of the reduction in excise duty, diesel prices had on october 4, 2017 came down to rs 56.
89 per litre and petrol to rs 68.
38 per litre.
however, a global rally in crude prices pushed domestic fuel prices far higher than those levels.
the october 2017 excise duty cut cost the government rs. 26,000 crore in annual revenue and about rs. 13,000 crore during the remaining part of the current fiscal year.
the government had between november 2014 and january 2016 raised excise duty on petrol and diesel on nine occasions to take away gains arising from plummeting global oil prices.
in all, duty on petrol rate was hiked by rs 11.
77 per litre and that on diesel by 13.
47 a litre in those 15 months that helped government's excise mop up more than double to rs 242,000 crore in 2016-17 from rs 99,000 crore in 2014-15.
state-owned oil companies - indian oil corporation, bharat petroleum corporation and hindustan petroleum corporation - in june last year dumped the 15-year old practice of revising rates on the 1st and 16th of every month .
instead, they adopted a daily price revision system to instantly reflect changes in cost.
since then prices are revised on a daily basis.
rs panels submit reports on coal, mines bills; cong protestsnew delhi, mar 18, 2015, (pti) 13:12 istrajya sabha select committees on mines and minerals amendment bill and coal mines bill today recommended their approval without any change, leading the congress to strongly protest over the measures being rushed without taking on board the concerns of stakeholders.
protesting congress members trooped into the well of the house, forcing a 10 minute adjournment, after the reports of the two select committees were presented in the house.
the 19-member panel on the coal mines (special provisions) bill, 2015 that provides for allocating coal mines through auction, referred the bill to the house for passage without any change.
the report also contained five dissenting notes from digvijaya singh (cong), p bhattacharya and rajeev shukla (all cong), tiruchi siva (dmk) and k n balagopal (cpi-m).
the one on the mines and minerals (development and regulation) amendment bill, 2015, too recommended no change in any of the clauses.
however, it wanted the government to consider at a later stage issues like impact of mining activities on environment, rampant illegal mining, lack of proper and scientific mine closure, land acquisition and resettlement and capturing windfall profits for the welfare of local and tribal communities.
the committee, in view of limited ambit of amending bill under its consideration, is of the opinion that these issues are of utmost significance that warrant serious consideration by the government.
the committee, therefore, recommends that the ministry should consider these issues to be incorporated subsequently in the mmdr act, 1957 at an appropriate stage as well as in the relevant rules/regulations required to be framed thereunder, it said.
soon after bhupender yadav (bjp) tabled the report of the select committee on the mines and minerals (development and regulation) amendment bill, 2015 and anil madhav dave (bjp) tabled the report on the select committee on coal mines (special provisions) bill, 2015, leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad rose to register his party's protest.
we want to register our protest against the manner in which the two bills are being rushed for passage, he said.
the bills, azad said, were not referred to parliamentary standing committees as demanded in the first place.
after the select committees were asked to look into the bills, congress had wanted the report to come in the first week of the second part of the budget session of parliament, he maintained.
he claimed that the panels had also not taken the concerns of all stakeholders including opposition parties on board while finalising the report.
the concerns of stakeholders were not taken on board, he said, adding that the views of state governments as well as the union ministries of tribal welfare, environment and forest, and labour, were also not taken before finalising the report.
whole purpose of sending the bills to select committees has been rendered meaningless, the congress leader said.
deputy chairman p j kurien said reservations on the bills could be taken up when the house debates them.
select committee has a procedure and members in the committee can raise issues there, he said, as congress members started shouting slogans against the government and bjp and rushed into the well.
i am not allowing all this.
this is indiscipline.
you are not allowing me to speak, kurien said, adding i am not allowing all this nonsense.
this is nothing but nonsense.
whatever reservations you had, you should have said in the select committee.
.
.
you could have complained to the chairman, he said, adding you can raise it at the time of discussion on the bill.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said there was no provision in the rules to provide for a discussion on presentation of the select committee report and members can raise their issues during debate on the bills.
kurien asked the agitating members to resume their places but his pleas when unheeded.
this is unfortunate, very unfortunate, he said and adjourned the house for 10 minutes.
during the break, finance minister arunjaitley and power and coal minister piyush goyal were seen in discussions with azad, digvijaya singh and others apparently explaining the provisos.
the house resumed normal functioning when it met after the brief adjournment.
new delhi, dec 25, 2015, (pti) 14:55 istseeking centre's intervention, lg najeeb jung has questioned the legality of appointment of inquiry by arvind kejriwal government to probe ddca issue, triggering a new round of confrontation with the chief minister who said the matter was out of the lg's purview.
in a communication to the ministry of home affairs, the lg has stated that the commission of inquiry act, 1952 empowers only the centre and state governments to appoint a commission of inquiry.
since, delhi is a union territory, a commission of inquiry may be ordered only with the concurrence of the centre, through the lg, sources said.
also, the funding for the ddca comes not only from delhi but also other states and hence it is not just delhi government's jurisdiction to conduct a probe, they added.
the lg is also believed to have cited that the inquiry into the cng fitness kit scam set up by the kejriwal government earlier was set aside by the centre on the same ground.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, however, has claimed that the action amounts to unjustified interference as the inquiry is perfectly legal and union minister arunjaitley should cooperate with the inquiry commission and stop misusing the lg office.
we are not scared when all the agencies under them including police cbi, dri are after us, why are they scared with one commission of enquiry, he added.
kejriwal also maintained that the transaction business rules (tbr) clarify that this file is not needed to be sent to lg for clearance, tersely adding he is not a dictator.
according to the constitution, lg has three subjects under him- police, public order and land.
according to the tbr, no other file should go to lg for clearance, he is not a dictator, kejriwal said.
the rule says that the commission of enquiry can be instituted by the cabinet and legislative assembly, they are empowered to do so.
raising objections to this is politics to save those who are corrupt, he said on sidelines of an event.
jaitley should cooperate with the commission of enquiry and stop misusing the lg house.
i also hope that rajnath singh will not try to shield him by obstructing the probe, he said.
delhi government also issued a statement terming the action by lg as unjustified interference in the functioning of a democratically elected government.
this action clearly amounts to unjustified interference in the functioning of a democratically elected government.
it is unconstitutional and violates the transaction of business rules, 1993.
this is the second instance within four months when the lg has unsuccessfully tried to block delhi government's decision to probe cases of corruption, it said.
lg should publicly state what is his interest in scuttling the probe into the ddca scam and whom is he trying to protect?
if lg or mha are aggrieved, they may approach appropriate courts, it added.
the government further claimed that a whistle blower from ddca had informed that would be an attempt to get the commission of inquiry scuttled through the lg.
details of this whistle blowers meeting with cm were there in that ddca file, which cbi had been looking for.
that information now seems to be coming true, it alleged.
delhi government had earlier this week appointed a commission of inquiry, headed by former solicitor general gopal subramanium, to probe alleged corruption in delhi and district cricket association (ddca) between 1992 and 2015, and asked it to submit its report within three months.
the government had said that the one-member commission of inquiry will identify any acts of omission and commission by ddca and its office-bearers during the period between january 1, 1992 and november 30, 2015 and fix responsibility.
the state cricket body had been headed by arunjaitley for around 13 years from 1999 to 2013.
new delhi, aug 14, 2012, (pti): 16:47 istin an embarrassment to the nda, its key constituent jd-u today strongly objected to certain remarks made by members of bjp and shiv sena in the rajya sabha on the recent mumbai violence to protest against the assam riots.
shivanand tiwari (jd-u) was angry after balbir punj (bjp) and sanjay raut (shiv sena) questioned the cause behind the violence in mumbai and suggested that if anybody wanted to go to pakistan they were free to do so.
tiwari likened the comments to the language of footpath and made a strong demand for expunging the brazen communal remarks from the proceedings.
amid the din over the issue, the house was adjourned for ten minutes after which tiwari also went to the rajya sabha chairman's office to lodge a protest.
after the house resumed, p j kurien, who was in the chair said he will go through the records and if anything was found unparliamentary and unsubstantiated, he will remove it.
tiwari also wanted a structured debate on the issue, which was later quickly supported by bjp's arun jaitely.
home minister sushilkumar shinde also agreed to the demand if any such notice is given by the members paving the way for resumption of the proceedings.
earlier raising the issue, punj slammed the organisers of the agitation in mumbai saying they had no sympathy for native bodos of assam but supported the foreign infiltrators.
attacking them for the violence in mumbai, punj asked as to how the people of mumbai could be held responsible for the violence with muslims in myanmar.
he also suggested that the congress-led government at the centre and maharashtra did not take action in the matter due to vote bank politics.
joining him sanjay raut (shiv sena) said, what relations they have with the muslims of bangladesh and myanmar that they are burning mumbai for it, raut said.
at this tiwari lost cool.
such a language was used in the house of elders like the one that is used in footpath.
.
.
i demand the remarks made against the national interest should be expunged.
expunge the brazen communal remarks.
such communal talks cannot be allowed in the indian parliament, he said.
new delhi, oct 2, 2015, (pti): 13:00 istdemanding scrapping of the present toll system, apex transporters body aimtc continued its nationwide strike for the second consecutive day today, disrupting supply of goods to various parts of the country.
while supply of essential commodities like milk, vegetables and medicines have been kept out of the purview of the strike, its impact was seen in various parts of the country, including tamil nadu, rajasthan, punjab, haryana and chandigarh, among other places.
we will continue our strike till the government comes out with some practical solution to our problem.
we are not against paying toll but we are demanding it in an annualised form.
the electronic-toll collection system as promised by the government is not practical, all india motor transport congress president bhim wadhwa told pti.
wadhwa said the cumulative loss to truckers on account of the strike, which began yesterday at 6 am, will be about rs 3,000 crore, while to the government it would be over rs 20,000 crore in two days.
however, the government has refused to budge from its stance and said it cannot scrap the toll collection system.
road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari had said yesterday, it is up to them to continue their strike.
government cannot scrap toll.
we have already assured to implement electronic tolling system pan-india by december.
i appeal them to call off the strike.
aimtc claims to have 87 lakh trucks and 20 lakh buses and tempos across the country under its fold.
another truckers body all india transport welfare association (aitwa) has decided to keep away from the strike.
aimtc is demanding scrapping of the existing toll system, saying it is a tool of harassment, while it is seeking a one-time payment of taxes and simplification of tds procedure.
wadhwa said e-tolling project of the government is a failed concept and the partnering banks like icici and axis bank too have distanced themselves from the project.
he added that one of their demands is to bring tds provisions on transport trade in pre-finance act 2015, and finance minister arunjaitley has assured them to call a meeting with cbdt chairman anita kapur on this.
on the other hand, indian foundation of transport research and training (iftrt) said aimtc's suggestion to have fixed annual toll was not rational.
aimtc suggestion to have fixed annual toll fee of rs 30,000 for a truck on national permit and rs 10,000 for intra-state permit vehicle needs examination as proposal is highly flawed and irrational, iftrt coordinator s p singh said.
he added: iftrt has analysed the true issues of tds on transport contractors and their misunderstanding of the real facts relating to amended section 194c (6) of the income tax act, 1961 as effective from 1st june 2015 in which the exemption to truckers from tds deduction has been extended to transporter owning not more than 10 trucks.
shemin joy, new delhi, dh news service may 30 2017, 16:49 istthe government is open to all options, including disinvestment, to take the national carrier air india to a new high, civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju said on tuesday.
raju and his deputy jayant sinha, however, did not elaborate on what are the options other than disinvestment available before them.
the talks come against the backdrop of arguments that there is no point in government pumping in money into air india as part of its turn around plan and financial restructuring plan (tap-frp).
under the tap-frp approved in april 2012, the government had committed to infuse equity of rs 42,182 crore from 2011-12 to 2031-32.
the niti ayog has made some recommendations.
it has suggested that we need to have a strong and viable airline.
all courses of actions are being examined.
we cannot disclose beyond this at this point of time.
we have not closed any options, raju told a press conference on the achievements of his ministry in past three years.
asked whether ministries of finance and civil aviation were on the same page on disinvestment, he said there is no point in viewing this issue in a compartmentalised fashion, saying the government has to be taken as one unit.
sinha said they have to sit together and chart out a winning strategy for the national carrier.
he said in 2015-16, air india made operational profits for the first time in past 10 years.
this is a national asset and we have to make it even stronger.
our aim is to make it a global airline, he said.
today, they have a market share of 14  and a debt of rs 50,000 crore.
your money does not go into private sector airlines such as indigo, spicejet, goair, jet airways.
then why should you put rs 50,000 crore in running air india?
government money means your money.
this money can be used for education, he had said.
asked about the cbi filing cases against unknown ministry officials on irregularities in aircraft purchase and other issues, raju said the ministry would fully cooperate with the probe.
cm seeks rs 500 crore from centre for next year's masthakabhishekajan 20, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 1:12 istchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday urged union finance minister arunjaitley to grant rs 500 crore for organising the mahamasthakabhisheka at shravanabelagola in hassan district in february next year.
the state government is making every effort to make the upcoming event a grand success.
the grant, if released, will be utilised for the overall development of the pilgrim centre and to provide better service to lakhs of devotees, who attend the event from across the globe, the chief minister stated in a letter to the finance minister.
temporary and permanent infrastructure such as roads, water supply and shelters will be created for the sake of devotees.
projects for preserving the hills, setting up of a higher seat of education for prakrit language and creating a library and a research centre for historians will also be taken up, he said.
increasing awareness on vindhyagiri and chandragiri, spreading the story of bahubali and its relevance to the digambaras and to the jain community have been planned as part of the event that is held every 12 years.
a modern light-and-sound show is proposed to be implemented to effectively narrate these stories to the younger generation, siddaramaiah added.
the chief minister noted that the then government at the centre had granted rs 90 crore for organising mahamasthakabhisheka in 2006.
govt clarifies that schools will be closed for xmasnew delhi, dec 16, 2014, dhns 1:34 istamid uproar, ministers dismiss reports that dec 25 is not holidayparliament on monday witnessed uproar over reports of schools being ordered by the centre to remain open on christmas to observe good governance day.
the government, however, clarified that no such instruction had been issued and only an online essay competition on the subject was being organised which, too, was not mandatory.
dismissing the report published in an english daily, an enraged human resource development (hrd) minister smriti irani also tweeted to the newspaper, deliberate mischief by ur (sic) reporter on the front page today.
all schools closed for xmas, essay competition only online.
if truth is a virtue u cherish can i c (sic) a retraction tomorrow on the front page in bold (3/3).
talking to the media, smriti charged that the controversy had deliberately been created to grab headlines with an intention to make her keep on giving explanations on this.
christmas will be celebrated on december 25 and schools will remained closed, she maintained.
clarifying in the upper house, the minister told the members that smriti informed him that no such instruction had been issued.
no school will function (on december 25).
only an online essay competition (is being organised).
communist party of india-marxist (cpm) leader sitaram yechury raised the issue in the rajya sabha.
following a circular from the central board of secondary education (cbse), navodaya vidyalaya samiti (nvs) decided to organise quiz competitions, declamation contest as well as screening of documentaries and films on good governance on december 25 to celebrate birth anniversary of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and madan mohan malaviya as good governance day.
the nvs also issued a circular that the cbse would simultaneously organise competitions under expression series on good governance on december 24 and 25.
students can submit their entries in form of essay or one act play, either online or offline.
the contest will be open for students under two categoriesclass vi to viii and ix to xiiand the 36 best entries in each category will be rewarded with a prize of rs 2,000 in cash and a certificate of merit.
issuing a clarification on the issue in the lok sabha, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu denied that the cbse issued any circular asking schools to remain open on christmas.
it is voluntary in nature.
it is not mandatory.
there is no question of using force, naidu told the lok sabha.
while the navodaya schools are already on christmas break, the winter holiday schedule will remain in place, he added.
the hrd ministry later came up with a detailed clarification that there was no requirement for any school to remain open on december 25 and the school vacations will be adhered to.
even cbse as an office will remain closed as a public holiday on december 25 on account of christmas.
nvs has clarified that no other activities for this competitions are being held at its schools, which are residential, except opportunity to submit their essays online voluntarily, it added.
new delhi, mar 19, 2015 (pti) 21:42 istcag was very kind when it put losses incurred due to coal blocks allocation between 2006 and 2010 at rs 1.
86 lakh crore, finance minister arunjaitley said tonight while highlighting that auction being undertaken by the present government had reaped much more revenue.
it was dr manmohan singh, who within two months of taking over as prime minister, said coal blocks should be auctioned, he said.
after the scam in coal blocks allocation came to light, the supreme court had cancelled 204 such allotments.
he said auctions of just 33 blocks so far has fetched rs 2.
13 lakh crore to the government kitty, surpassing former cag vinod rai's estimates of rs 1.
86 lakh crore losses to the state exchequer on account of allocations of 204 blocks without auctions.
.
.
somebody in the earlier government who thought that these coal blocks and other resources were worth 'zero'.
.
.
now it appears that the cag has been very kind when he estimated those losses.
at least the success of the coal block auction should convince you and convince the whole country.
.
.
this policy serves the country well.
obstructionism transiently can be a tactic but can't be a permanent feature, he said urging the opposition not to stall the coal and mines bills.
he said the 2010 law, not implemented by the previous government, needed to be changed as it did not transfer the ownership rights on land and infrastructure to the bidder and hence there could be no takers for minerals below such land.
the 2010 law which you did not implement.
.
provides for an auction but surface land and infrastructure belongs to old operator.
no body is going to come and claim the right on the mineral below.
it needed to be updated to ensure that whoever bids defacto gets land and infrastructure and old owner will be compensated, he said.
jaitley said the supreme court had cancelled mines in september last year which included 42 mines under production.
he also talked about difficult situation created in the telecom sector after the previous government did not auction 2g spectrum.
a large number of such licences granted were subsequently cancelled by the supreme court.
likewise the government's policy to auction spectrum resulted in over rs one lakh crore revenue to the exchequer.
similarly in mines and mineral case, law which you enacted for either auction or first-come-first-serve goes contrary to supreme court.
if we follow your law, we probably will be summoned by any court, he said.
jaitley stressed that the auction policy was a great opportunity for indian democracy and nobody had to approach anyone for getting mines and instead any one can bid.
former prime minister singh was summoned last week by a cbi court as an accused in connection with the allocation of a coal mine to hindalco, a flagship company of the birla group.
the supreme court had in september 2014 cancelled 204 coal blocks terming the allocations as fatally flawed which necessiated the auctions.
bhopal, jul 7, 2015, (pti) 19:05 istafter resolutely rejecting calls for a cbi probe, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan today decided to seek an investigation into the murky vyapam scam by the central agency on a day the supreme court agreed to hear petitions in this regard.
following chouhan's announcement at a press conference, the state government moved the madhya pradesh high court seeking its direction for institution of a cbi probe into the massive admission and recruitment scam.
we have filed a plea in the high court seeking a cbi probe into the vyapam scam, additional advocate general p kaurav said.
under intense opposition attack and mounting public outrage over a string of deaths of people associated with vyapam, a beleagured chouhan, a third time chief minister, announced his decision to recommend to the high court a cbi inquiry.
loktantra lok lajja se chalta hai (public perception is important in democracy).
honouring public sentiments, i will request the high court for a cbi probe, chouhan said, adding the functioning of the government should be beyond any doubt.
i have full respect for both high court and the supreme court and have total faith in the ongoing probe into the vyapam scam, he told a hurriedly convened press conference in bhopal.
in a related development, the supreme court today agreed to hear on july 9 the plea of congress leader digvijay singh and three whistleblowers seeking an apex court-monitored cbi probe into the scam.
singh, a former mp chief minister, and whistleblowers -- ashish chaturvedi, anand rai and prashant pandey -- have also moved the apex court seeking a cbi probe under its supervision.
as chouhan buckled under all round pressure to go for a cbi probe, a day after union home minister rajnath singh ruled it out in the absence of a direction from the court, congress dismissed the move, insisting merely an investigation by the premier agency would not suffice and that it should be monitored by the supreme court.
latest decision of shivraj to write to high court for cbi probe is another attempt to muzzle the truth.
congress rejects it in toto.
for a fair probe and justice to victims, supreme court-monitored cbi probe is the answer, congress's communication department chief randeep surjewala said in delhi.
party leader digvijay singh criticised the prime minister for his silence on the issue.
the prime minister remains mum in the country, he only tweets about what is happening in tunisia, algeria, he said.
singh, who has filed a petition in the supreme court seeking a cbi probe in the scam, said he would request the apex court to monitor the probe on a weekly basis as in case of the 2g scam.
the needle of suspicion points at the chief minister, he added.
cpi(m) too echoed congress' views and supported an sc-monitored cbi probe.
it labelled the vyapam episode as the most dangerous cocktail of corruption and crime and demanded that chouhan step down until a probe into the sordid scam got over.
we hear now that the chief minister (is) saying that they are not opposing any cbi enquiry.
we are now saying whether they oppose or not oppose, there should be (a) thorough cbi enquiry supervised by sc into the sordid affair.
the chief minister should demit office till the enquiry is completed, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said.
the bjp, however, hailed chouhan's announcement and hit back at the congress for playing politics of death and said a thorough probe will expose and corner the opposition party.
bjp was absolutely clear in its intention that we wanted probity of highest order, we wanted probe by highest body and this was articulated by none other than finance minister arunjaitley and home minister rajnath singh.
shivraj singh chauhan has also said so, bjp spokesperson sambit patra said.
chouhan was under mounting pressure from opposition parties, particularly the congress to order a cbi probe following the death of arun sharma, the dean of a jabalpur medical college probing the scandal on sunday in delhi, a day after akshay singh, a journalist of the tv today group on the vyapam scam trail, mysteriously died minutes after he had interviewed the parents of a deceased girl accused.
at least five people associated with vyapam, including sharma and singh, have died under mysterious circumstances in the last one week.
the opposition has claimed nearly 45 people linked to the scandal in some manner have died so far though the official figures put the unnatural deaths at 25.
noting that the developments in the case demanded fair answers, chouhan said,i thought about the matter the whole night.
.
.
the questions which have been raised need answers.
it has become necessary now that cbi investigates the case.
asked if he wanted the cbi probe to cover cases of unnatural deaths as well, he said the agency should probe all aspects.
asked to comment on congress' demand for an sc-monitored investigation by cbi, the chief minister said,i am ready.
.
.
some friends have moved the honourable supreme court.
.
.
hc has monitored it, now let sc do that, i am ready.
he accused digvijay singh of hitting below the belt by making unfounded allegations after repeatedly losing in elections.
chouhan's announcement of a cbi probe surprised many as union home minister rajnath singh had yesterday said the state government cannot order a cbi probe into the scam.
sit probe into the scam is on, and the government cannot direct the high court or the supreme court on the issue, he said in jhabua yesterday, noting the mp high court and the supreme court had already rejected pils seeking a cbi inquiry.
if the supreme court or the high court feels that the probe is not perfect to the extent it should be, then it will give directions and the government will immediately accept it and hand over the matter to the cbi, he had said.
meanwhile, chandresh bhushan, a retired high court judge heading the special investigating team monitoring the ongoing investigation in the scam by mp police's special task force, said the vyapam deaths were not mysterious but abnormal.
as of today, nothing has been brought forth by stf that these deaths are related to the scam, he said, rubbishing suggestions that sit was under pressure from the state's bjp government.
we don't act under pressure, he said.
as the opposition kept up its attack on chouhan over the scam and modi for his silence on the issue, in potentially controversial remarks law minister d v sadananda gowda termed the scandal as a silly issue on which the prime minister need not comment.
see, certain issues which are so simple issues, so silly issues that need not be answered by the prime minister.
our home minister (rajnath singh), ministers of concerned departments and even my party (bjp) president amit shah have answered everything.
for each and every silly issue prime minister has to answer.
it is not fair, he said.
gowda, however, later said he had referred to the lalit modi controversy and not the vyapam scandal.
aap, bjp spar over charges against finance ministernew delhi, dec 17, 2015, dhns: 7:58 istkejriwal trying to shield corrupt officer, says bjpthe war of words over accusation against finance minister arunjaitley of his involvement in glaring irregularities in delhi district cricket association (ddca) intensified on thursday, with the bjp coming all out in his defence, describing him as a man of impeccable political record.
the party described the accusations by delhis aap government as blasphemous and preposterous campaign bordering on political hysteria.
the bjp resolutely stands behind arunjaitley and publicly condemns the malicious intent of the aap to deflect public attention from a corrupt officer working with (delhi chief minister) arvind kejriwal, union minister for human resource development smriti irani told reporters at a press conference.
she also made a comparison between arunjaitley and kejriwal in terms of their contributions so far, saying the finance minister had written his name in golden letters in history with his dedication and work.
she said a blasphemous and preposterous campaign bordering on political hysteria was being created by the aap to divert the public attention from a corrupt officer.
kejriwal is failing the anti-corruption movement from which he had shot to limelight by making efforts to protect a corrupt officer, she added.
jaitley also attacked the delhi chief minister, saying it was a propaganda technique of kejriwal to deflect attention when he himself was in the dock, as both the aap and congress intensified their demand for his resignation from the union cabinet.
there is no grain of truth in the allegations.
he said no personal allegations were ever made against him nor did he feel the need to contradict them.
i have left cricket administration in 2013.
by referring to some facts of 2014 and 2015, he cannot drag me in.
even though i am not concerned with cricket administration since 2013, a member of parliament has been writing to various government bodies with regard to delhi's cricket affairs, he said.
tdp 'very disappointed' with budgethyderabad, feb 28, 2015, (ians) 17:50 istthe telugu desam party (tdp), a partner in the nda government, saturday said it was very disappointed over the 2015-16 union budget.
tdp parliamentarians and andhra pradesh cabinet ministers said injustice was done to the state as there was no clarity with regard to the special status promised in the andhra pradesh reorganisation act.
tdp, which is the ruling party in andhra pradesh, was also unhappy that no new institutes were announced for the state and a meagre allocation of rs.100 crore was made for the polavaram project.
party sources said a delegation led by tdp president and andhra pradesh chief minister n. chandrababu naidu would meet prime minister narendra modi next week to place the demands for special category status to the state and industrial incentives to the backward regions.
mp g. jayadev said in delhi that they were very disappointed.
he said it was a year since the reorganisation act was passed but nothing had been done to fulfill the commitment made therein.
union minister of state for science and technology y.s. chowdary said jaitely told parliament that bihar and west bengal would be provided special assistance as was provided to andhra pradesh but there was no clarity.
the minister said they were waiting for naidu's direction to take up the issue with the central government.
ddca official sought sex for selection: kejriwalnew delhi, dec 29, 2015, (ians) 20:10 istchief minister arvind kejriwal on tuesday levelled serious allegations against the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) and said its official sought sex in return for selecting cricketers.
you will be surprised to know that a senior journalist phoned me and said that his son, who plays cricket, was selected, kejriwal told ndtv.
but his son's name was not there in the list.
and can you believe.
.
.
that the next day his wife gets an sms that said 'come to my house and her's son name will be there (in the list), the chief minster said.
kejriwal, who said there were more sordid tales in ddca, has ordered the commission of inquiry to probe corruption in the board during the 13 years of chairmanship of now finance minister arun jaitley.
kejriwal said that the journalist was willing depose once the commission of inquiry starts working.
he said prime minister narendra modi should decide whether to make ddca inquiry null and void to protect jaitley.
the aap leader has said that massive bungling happened under the nose of jaitely who should resign and face the probe.
refuting the allegations, arunjaitley had filed a defamation suit against kejriwal and other aam aadmi party leaders.
on december 15, the central bureau of investigation raided the third floor of the delhi secretariat in connection with the corruption charges against kejriwal's principal secretary rajendra kumar.
however, kejriwal alleged that the investigation agency, which reports to the central government, raided his office too and read the files related to ddca to save jaitley.
new delhi, mar 2, 2016, pti: 21:10 istreturning the fire after his onslaught on prime minister narendra modi and the nda government, senior bjp leaders today called rahul gandhi a lying machine and raised questions about the maturity of the congress vice president.
finance minister arunjaitley took to facebook to hit back at rahul, saying the more he hears him, the more he wonders how much does he know and when will he know while home minister rajnath singh accused him of misleading the parliament over the naga peace accord.
bjp national secretary shrikant sharma while denouncing gandhi for his attack in the lok sabha earlier in the day said it was full of drama but lacked in content and called him a lying machine and a non-serious, part-time politician whose speech was devoid of facts.
the prime minister should be the natural leader of the party and the government.
in the nda it is so.
the upa was quite different.
the prime minister is to lead by example.
jaitley said all ministers including external affairs minister sushma swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and he himself were responsible for each important decision taken by their departments.
we do not by-pass the prime minister who is always available for consultation and guidance, he said.
jaitley was reacting to gandhi's claim that swaraj was not consulted on the pakistan policy, rajnath singh was unware of the nagaland accord and arunjaitley did not know of the budget proposals.
the finance minister said gandhi's views are shaped by the environment of a political party which has evolved into a crowd around a family.
the upa model of governance was that if a person outside the family is the prime minister, he should be reduced to being a figure-head.
given a choice between a 'hands-on' prime minister or a 'nominal' head, i would unhesitatingly choose the former, he said.
the more i hear shri rahul gandhi, the more i start wondering 'how much does he know  when will he know'.
in the post titled 'how much does he know  when will he know', the minister went on to say that after hearing gandhi, i think india has made the right choice between the prime minister who leads the government and a prime minister who is merely implementing decisions taken elsewhere.
rajnath singh refuted gandhi's claim that he was not informed before signing a peace pact with naga insurgent group nscn-im, saying his statement was completely false and baseless and he misled the parliament.
rahul gandhi's statement on naga peace accord in lok sabha today is completely false and baseless.
i had several rounds of consultations with the pm on naga peace process.
i strongly condemn rahul gandhi's attempt to mislead the house, singh tweeted.
short window to declare overseas assets under black money lawnew delhi, mar 18, 2015 (pti) 16:03 istgovernment will provide a short window of a few months to income tax assesses to come clean by declaring their money and assets stashed abroad, pay tax and penalty and escape jail under the proposed tough law to unearth black money abroad.
the union cabinet last night approved the undisclosed foreign income and assets (imposition of new tax) bill, 2015 with a view to put in place a legal framework to unearth black money and illicit assets stashed abroad.
it provides for a maximum of ten years rigorous imprisonment for offenders, who conceal income and assets and indulge in evasion in relation to foreign assets.
under the provisions of the new bill, the offence will be non-compoundable and the offenders will not be permitted to approach the settlement commission for resolution of disputes.
there will also be a penalty at the rate of 300 per cent of taxes on the concealed income and assets.
the dates for declaring the overseas assets will be notified after the passage of the bill on the black money by parliament, a senior finance ministry official said today.
the assesses will be given a few months time to declare their overseas assets, the official said, adding the bill would also provide for a rigorous jail term of 10 years for concealment of such income.
the proposal to come out with a new law on the black money was mooted by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech.
the bill seeks to make non-filing of income tax returns or filing or returns with inadequate disclosure of foreign assets liable for prosecution with punishment of rigorous imprisonment of up to 7 years.
concealment of income and assets and evasion in relation to foreign assets will be prosecutable with punishment of 10 years of rigorous imprisonment.
the bill is likely to be introduced in the lok sabha before it adjourns for a month long recess.
the government has been under pressure to act on the issue of black money stashed abroad as the bjp and modi had mounted a huge campaign during the lok sabha election last year with promise to quickly repatriate such illegal wealth.
individuals, entities, banks and financial institutions would be liable for prosecution and penalty if found abetting such offences.
concealment of income or tax evasion in relation to a foreign asset will be made predicate offence under the pmla, enabling enforcement agencies to attach and confiscate such assets.
the new legislation will provide that income in relation to any undisclosed foreign asset or undisclosed income from any foreign asset will be taxable at the maximum marginal rate.
exemptions or deductions, which may otherwise be applicable in such cases, shall not be allowed.
beneficial owner or beneficiary of foreign assets will be mandatorily required to file return, even if there is no taxable income.
date of opening of foreign account would be mandatorily required to be specified by the assessee in the return of income.
budgetary allocation for agriculture doublednew delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns: 0:55 istreaching out to farmers facing back-to-back droughts, the centre on monday more than doubled the budgetary allocation to the agriculture sector with an emphasis on improving irrigation and reducing the burden of loan repayment.
finance minister arunjaitley allocated rs 35,983.
69 crore to the department of agriculture, cooperation and farmers welfare as against the rs 16,646 crore set aside in last years budget.
prime minister narendra modis pet initiativescrop insurance and irrigation schemeshave got a lions share of the budgetary allocations.
the finance minister has set aside rs 5,500 crore for the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana up from the rs 2,589 crore last year.
the scheme aims at bringing 50  farmers under the insurance cover.
5 lakh hectares of land will be brought under irrigation during 2016-17, through the pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana.
he pointed out that out of the 14.
1 crore hectares of net cultivated area, only 6.
5 crore hectares were irrigated.
the minister said 89 projects, under the accelerated irrigation benefits programme that were languishing will be fast-tracked to bring 80.
6 lakh hectares of land under irrigation.
these projects require rs 17,000 crore next year and rs 86,500 crore in the next five years.
we will ensure that 23 of these projects are completed before 31st march, 2017, said jaitley.
the minister has also set aside rs 15,000 crore for interest subvention on farm credit and rs 500 crore to boost production of pulses, a commodity that was in short supply last year.
to ensure timely flow of credit, the government has set an all-time-high target of rs 9 lakh crore for disbursal of agriculture credit, a rs 50,000 crore increase from the rs 8.
5 lakh crore last year.
the government also announced creation of a dedicated long-term irrigation fund in nabard with an initial corpus of about rs 20,000 crore.
by uttam gupta, feb 13, 2017 0:34 istunion finance minister arunjaitley and chairman, gst (goods and services tax) council must be credited with spearheading requisite efforts like draft of all related laws  central gst (cgst), state gst (sgst), integrated gst (igst), legislation on compensation to states for loss of revenue, delineation/apportionment of powers for administering the tax, determination of rate structure etc in a time-bound manner to ensure that this revolutionary tax reform is kicked off from april 1, 2017.
the pace at which the gst council was progressing, it was almost certain that the government would meet the deadline.
but, the announcement by prime minister narendra modi on november 8, 2016 to demonetise rs 1,000 and rs 500 currency notes came as a spoke in the wheel leading to a complete washout of the winter session.
as a result, the necessary bills could not be taken up for consideration, which was the original intent.
jaitley brought it up again in the budget session on january 31, so that gst could be launched from july 1, well before the september 2017 deadline (as per the constitution amendment act, from this date, the extant dispensation of taxation like excise, vat etc will go.
hence, gst must come in).
the potency and effectiveness of any policy reform has to be judged from its design and its implementation.
this in turn, is inextricably related to the objective.
it has to be a single and uniform nation-wide tax, applicable to all territories in the country and it has to be in sync with the philosophy of achieving a common market enabling seamless flow of goods and services.
in keeping with this philosophy, a committee set up by the 12th finance commission under the chairmanship of dr vijay kelkar had recommended a single gst at 12  of which the union government should levy cgst at 5  and states impose sgst at 7 .
ideally, this should have been the way to go forward; unfortunately, from the day one, our policymakers have drifted from this scenario.
a panel under chief economic adviser (cea) dr arvind subramanian had proposed a three-tier structure  12  for essential goods, 40  for so-called demerit goods (luxury cars, aerated beverages, pan masala and tobacco products) and standard rate of 17-18  on all remaining goods.
the panel excluded real estate, electricity, alcohol and petroleum products while calculating rates but suggested bringing them under the ambit of gst soon.
on the other hand, in its meetings held on november 3-4, 2016, the council decided to go for a four-tier structure  5  for essential and daily use items, two standard rates of 12  and 18  and highest rate 28  on de-merit goods (this is in addition to an exempt category, taking the total tiers to 5).
additionally, it decided to levy cess on the demerit goods which would vary depending on the product under consideration.
so, even if the government goes for four different rates of cess for four sub-categories under demerit head, it will become a eight-tier structure (5 , 12 , 18 , and four rates for demerit and exempt goods).
and, if the government becomes overzealous in treating each demerit item differentially on the basis of its specific characteristic (for instance, different variants of luxury cars) the number of rates could increase manifold.
lately, following representations by trade and industry associations, the council is also veering around to consider multiple rates in services, too.
for instance, the industry wants service like telecommunications, transport, banking etc to be taxed at a lower rate.
a proposal doing the round is to have at least a three-tier structure for services.
with all these changes, the resulting architecture will be far removed from the desired unified and simplified tax regime.
it will also give a lot of discretion to bureaucrats leading to corrupt practices even as business entities lobby to get favourable deals (getting their product included in a class that attracts low rate) for them.
there are other loopholes in the scheme of things.
loopholes galoreunder the constitution, municipal authorities and other local bodies in states have been given powers to levy taxes at the local level.
although, the constitution amendment act on gst provides for such levies like octroi and entry tax to be subsumed in it, local bodies wont let these go away easily, being a major source of revenue.
the absence of any legal barrier (gst notwithstanding) makes them more resolute.
the council has not included real estate, electricity, alcohol and petroleum products under gst.
barring alcohol, all other areas touch the lifeline of economic activity and their exclusion will ensure that cascading cost push effect of extant levies (excise, vat, local levies etc) will persist.
besides, stakeholders in these segments will also have to live with cumbersome procedures and delays associated with their administration.
in regard to administration of gst, the council has decided that 90  of all assesses below rs 1.
5 crore (annual) threshold will be overseen by states and balance 10  by the centre, whereas assesses above rs 1.
5 crore will be administered by the centre and states in 50:50 ratio.
the dual control inherent in this arrangement will lead to a lot of hassles and extra cost to industry and trade.
in short, it turns out that the proposed gst architecture is nowhere near an ideal consumption/destination based unified regime and continues to be shackled by bad elements of existing dispensation.
the package in the making sounds more like old wine in a new bottle.
this is due to a lurking fear among states that they will make huge losses under gst.
they need to recognise the power of gst in making gdp grow faster and boosting tax collection.
once this is done, they will be fully wedded to this reform and make way for a tax structure that is truly aligned to its underlying spirit and potential.
prakash kumar, october 18, 2015, dhns 0:05 isthindi poet from madhya pradesh uday prakash, who was the first scholar to return sahitya akademi award in protest against kalburgis murder, says modi must take credible actions to check all efforts being made to divide people on communal lines and provide protection to those who are in minority to bring some credence to his repeated remark that he represents 1.
25 crore population of india.
the prime minister can not escape from his constitutional responsibility just by making a technical statement that centre had no role to play in dadri lynching, he told prakash kumar of deccan herald.
excerpts:over a month after you returned sahitya akademi award in protest against kalburgismurder, country is witnessing a wave of writers returning their awards too joining the protest.
how do you look at it?
i support them.
there is a rise in intolerance and attack on the right to dissent.
artists and writers do not have any other option to raise their voice.
the bjp and rss leaders are questioning the motive of the protesting writers, saying you all are indulging into politics.
any form of art should not be seen from the lens of politics and religion.
then, there will be no growth of art, literature and philosophy.
it is our role to interpret and understand politics as we work for bigger cause than sheer politics.
tolerance to dissenting voice is the fundamental symptom of democracy.
the government should listen and try to understand what writers are saying.
it is not a manufactured revolt as finance minister arunjaitley described.
we are against any kind of violence and anger, which are really getting strengthened in our society.
union minister mahesh sharma also questioned the motive of the writers, suggesting for their background check.
its unfortunate that a union minister is making such statement instead of listening to what writers are saying.
i would say we should be asking him to tell about his background.
do you also blame rss for growing intolerance and attack on those criticisinghindutva ideology?
some fringe elements and petty criminals in our society indulge in violence.
i am not sure whether they get instructions from rss headquarters or not, but i would definitely say they are encouraged and emboldened by provocative statements of politicians.
the prime minister, who keeps on saying that he represents 1.
25 crore population of the country, should stop his cabinet colleagues and bjp leaders from making irresponsible and provocative statements which creates divide among two different communities.
moreover, when the government is giving security to sadhus, babas and even thugs, it should ensure protection of intellectual community also.
manmohan singh bats for special status for apnew delhi, aug 6, 2016, dhns: 0:08 istbreaking his silence on special status to andhra pradesh, former prime minister manmohan singh on friday asked the rajya sabha to fulfil the commitments made by him in this regard over two years ago.
singh argued that his cabinet had also approved an ordinance for the same but it got delayed because the model code of conduct for 2014 lok sabha polls came into force.
he said after his assurances, arunjaitley , the then leader of opposition, had withdrawn his amendments expressing satisfaction.
government trying to protect lalit modi through extradition: congressnew delhi, oct 23, 2015, (ians) 20:24 istthe congress on friday accused the modi government of trying to protect former cricket ipl chief lalit modi by seeking his extradition and not 'deportation' from britain which, it said, was a 8-10 year lengthy process.
the modi government has attempted to bury the 'modigate' scandal by asserting that the deportation of indian fugitive lalit modi is not possible.
both inside and outside parliament, finance minister arunjaitley and external affairs minister sushma swaraj have maintained that the only option is to proceed with the extradition of lalit modi, congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala told the media on friday.
the modi government has taken this stance with the full knowledge that the extradition process is lengthy enough to take 8-10 years, by which public memory will move away from the modigate affair, he added.
the congress also accused the bjp-led government of not putting in public domain various communications exchanged between the then finance minister p. chidambaram and the british government for the immediate deportation of lalit modi for prosecution under indian laws.
chidambaram wrote three letters dated july 8, 2013, august 21, 2013 and march 14, 2014 for lalit modi's deportation instead of extradition.
the letters were written to george osborne, the then chancellor of exchequer, uk, surjewala added.
the congress on monday released two communications to the media, one dated july 17, 2013 written by osborne in reply to chidambaram's letter and the other dated august 21, 2013 written by chidambaram to osborne in response.
but the letters written by chidambaram to osborne on july 8, 2013 and march 14, 2014 were not shared with the media.
interestingly, osborne in his reply of july 17, 2013 to chidambaram's july 8 letter requesting the deportation of lalit modi, who has had his passport revoked by the indian government, wrote: it is the case that an individual does not require a valid passport in order to remain in the uk if their passport was valid when they entered.
for uk assistance to be provided in any criminal investigation, an extradition request should be made under the usual mechanisms for international judicial cooperation.
we will then of course provide full assistance in so far as uk law will allow, osborne said.
meanwhile, in his letter dated august 21, 2013, chidambaram cited 2,784 cases where 'emergency certificates' were issued to the indian high commission in five years up to 2013 and where deportation was done by uk authorities.
the then indian government pointed out the fact that lalit modi's passport had been revoked and there was no reason to consider him differently.
the indian government also pointed out that lalit modi was evading investigation in serious offences registered in india by his continued stay in the uk, said surjewala.
what is most noteworthy is the fact that the deportation of illegal immigrants from the uk does not require the person being deported to be facing criminal proceedings in the country of his origin.
deportation (also called 'removal proceeding') is possible under sections 9 and 10 of immigration and asylum act, 1999 in uk, the congress leader added.
he pointed out that as there was no criminal case against lalit modi, extradition was the only option.
he himself admitted in parliament on august 12, 2015 that an fir had been registered against lalit modi in 2010, which was converted into a prevention of money laundering case in 2012.
soon after world bank, one more global agency came in support of prime minister narendra modi government's economic reforms and gave a big applause to demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst), calling the move remarkable.
this time, it was a credit rating agency whose recognition is much sought after by governments, corporates and investors as it enhances their creditworthiness and makes borrowing money from abroad a lot more easier.
moody's investor's service, one of the three major global ratings agencies, upgraded india's sovereign credit rating notch higher than investment grade.
it put india in the baa2 investment grade from the earlier baa3, which is the last category of investment grade rating.
the outlook on the rating was also changed to 'stable' from 'positive'.
this is india's highest credit rating by moody's post liberalisation.
moody's said it believed that the reforms implemented to date by the modi government would advance the government's objective of improving the business climate, enhancing productivity, stimulating foreign and domestic investment, and ultimately fostering strong and sustainable growth.
a rating upgrade, which came after a gap of 13 years, elicited quick response from the government with ministers and senior government officials taking to twitter aggressively.
finance minister arunjaitley called a media conference within hours of the news break.
among other thing,s he sent across the message to the opposition, which has been criticising the government for disruptions in the economy due to note ban and gst implementation, to seriously introspect on their thinking.
in fact, it rained upgrade from moody's for banks, other financial institutions and the government-owned oil and gas companies.
moody's also changed its rating outlook to 'stable' from 'positive' as risks to india's credit profile ebbed.
jaitley said it was extremely encouraging that there was international recognition of the government reforms, which followed a roadmap.
the revision in ratings by moody's is a positive development and is a great enabling factor for indian financial markets.
simultaneously, the rating upgrade of sbi amongst others indicates that indian financial system remains resilient and robust and poised to support growth, rajnish kumar, chairman, sbi said.
over time, this will reduce borrowing costs of the government and financial institutions, and result in increased investor confidence in the india growth and reform story, he said.
it was around the same time last year that the government had criticised moody's methodology to rate countries, when the us-based rating agency did not upgrade india despite the prime minister unleashing a wave of reforms since taking over in 2014.
but it is inconsequential to discuss the past, when moody's has lifted india's mood this year.
the upgrade is significant as it came at a time when moody's had downgraded neighbouring china expressing concerns that the country's financial strength would erode in the coming year.
another global rating agency s&p too downgraded the dragon.
bigger issuesbut the bigger issue here is whether or not this upgrade would prompt india to go for bolder reforms, whether further rating upgrades by moody's would come easily to india's kitty and fast, whether other two prominent rating agencies fitch and s&p too would follow suit or whether rising crude oil prices globally and fledgling exports, soaring inflation and a bigger fiscal deficit will spoil the party midway.
global crude oil prices have been moving into an uncharted territory.
any upward move from $75 a barrel could exert pressure on the government's finances.
simmering tension between iran and saudi arabia could spike oil prices to a much higher limit and could send markets into chaos.
india, which imports 80  of its consumption, may be worst hit with larger economic ramifications.
another key indicator, which the rating agencies watch closely is the fiscal deficit of a country as they think a higher deficit exposes the country to various kinds of shocks.
india's fiscal deficit, according to an earlier roadmap, needed to go down to 3  in 2018-19 that is the next financial year from 3.
2  now.
but the finance minister on his most recent trip to singapore last week hinted at relaxing the fiscal consolidation roadmap, implying the target date to meet 3  could be delayed by a year or two in the wake of two big bang reforms gst and demonetisation slowing the economic growth.
now, this could have been the most disturbing news for moody's, whose upgrade decision came much before arunjaitley spoke his mind in singapore.
this is one indication, which may delay further upgrade by moody's and hold back s&p and fitch from doing so.
fitch and s&p, both rate india a notch below moody's, and s&p had only last month said that for an upgrade, india would have to address its weak fiscal balance sheet and weak fiscal performance.
any decision on fiscal deficit roadmap revision in india is expected to come as a part of the union budget on february 1, 2018.
till then fingers crossed.
for now, india has joined countries such as italy, philippines, spain, bulgaria, columbia and uruguay after the baa2 upgrade.
it must now strive to save its position and consolidate.
in the past, india has been downgraded from a2, a rating assigned to countries with low credit risk to baa3 which is just above the junk grade.
of various categories of investment grade, aaa is ranked the highest with a little risk.
aa1, aa2 and aa3 have very low credit risk and a1, a2 and a3 grade countries have low risk.
the baa1, baa2 and baa3 countries have moderate credit risk and below that is junk.
it is a routine visit, says yeddyurappalast updated: 12 february, 2011bangalore, feb 12, (pti): 12:18 istkarnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa on saturday said no significance should be attached to his two-day visit to delhi and termed it as a ''routine visit''.
bjp is a national party.
as chief minister of a state, i am duty bound to brief my high command leaders on the political situation in the state and also seek their guidance, yeddyurappa told reporters after a meeting of ministers and senior leaders he had convened at his private residence here.
yeddyurappa who called senior leaders like l k advani, arunjaitley and sushma swaraj in the last two days in delhi said he sought suggestions and guidance from them.
yeddyurappa is under battering from opposition parties to quit in the wake of governor h r bhardwaj giving sanction to prosecute him on allegations of corruption.
the chief minister appealed to congress and jds to cooperate with the government during the budget session, obviously seeking their help in conducting the legislature session.
opposition parties disrupted the session demanding the resignation by yeddyurappa government over the land scams it faced.
rajan, subramanian 'foisted' on india by americans: swamynew delhi, aug 25, 2016, (pti) 14:06 istbjp mp subramanian swamy today continued with jibes at rbi governor raghuram rajan and chief economic adviser arvind subramanian, calling them micro minded management degree holders foisted by america.
while swamy has been critical of rajan for not lowering interest rates earlier to boost growth, he has targeted cea for his 2013 stand on intellectual property rights (ipr) wherein he had recommended to us government to act against india through wto over its pharmaceutical ipr regulations.
the americans foisted on us management degree holders like r3 and as.
management types are micro minded while economy is general equilibrium, swamy tweeted today.
r3 is the acronym he uses to refer to rajan and as as initials for arvind subramanian.
faced with attacks, rajan called them ad hominem.
in june he announced he won't seek a second term after completing three-year term on september 4.
government has named rbi deputy governor urjit patel as his successor.
finance minister arunjaitley has defended chief economic advisor saying his advice to the government from time to time has been of great value.
with congress not agreeing to pass the landmark goods & services tax (gst) bill that will make india one market, arunjaitley in a facebook post titled 'stray thoughts after the winter session' asked if the country has not lost out by delaying the gst since the last year's budget session.
crediting first prime minister jawaharlal nehru for laying down healthy precedents in the initial years of indian democracy, he said the current generation in control of the congress party will find a place in history of having weakened what their ancestors established.
how far is it desirable to pass important legislations on the last day without discussion?
statistically, we have passed a law.
but has parliament applied its mind to the law?
, he asked.
but the last two sessions have witnessed a clear stand of the congress party that parliament shall not be allowed to function.
most of the congress leaders, in private, have expressed helplessness over the decision of their leadership that parliament must be disturbed continuously.
the moot question which arises for the congress party is, 'how does india legislate?
', he said.
new delhi, dec 15, 2015 (pti) 18:00 istamid claims and counter-claims, cbi today raided the office of an officer of delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal in a corruption case that led the aap chief to call prime minister narendra modi a coward and psychopath and intensifying the face-off between aap and centre.
the chief minister, however, claimed that his office was raided which was denied by the cbi as well as finance minister arunjaitley in rajya sabha where the opposition created an uprorar and forced a couple of adjournments.
cbi raids my office, kejriwal claimed in a tweet.
when modi cudn't handle me politically, he resorts to this cowardice.
modi is a coward and psychopath, he said in another tweet expressing his anguish over the raids.
a cbi spokesperson, however, said the searches were being conducted only at the office of the principal secretary rajendra kumar.
searches were being conducted at 14 locations in delhi and uttar pradesh.
cbi sources claimed the case is against kumar and six more accused.
the cbi raid has nothing to do with kejriwal or his tenure and that the graft case against the officer also pertains to his past, he added.
this was countered by kejriwal who tweeted, fm lied in parliament.
my own office files are being looked into to get some evidence against me.
rajender is an excuse.
the bjp also hit back at kejriwal with union minister prakash javadekar saying the cbi was only probing a complaint of corruption against an officer and maintained it has nothing to do with kejriwal's office.
cbi sources said that a team of its officials went to the delhi secretariat, which houses office of kejriwal and other ministers in the morning and conducted the search in the third floor of the building.
the cbi said it has registered a case against rajendra kumar on allegations of abusing his official position by favouring a particular firm in the last few years in getting tenders from delhi government departments.
after taking warrants, searches are being conducted in the office and residence of rajendra kumar.
the allegations against rajendra kumar were raised by ashish joshi, former member secretary, delhi dialogue commission, the agency said.
the third floor of the secretariat also houses kejriwal's office.
delhi government and aap reacted angrily to the raid.
calling it a darkest day and undeclared emergency in the history of indian democracy.
deputy chief minister manish sisodia claimed the centre was controlling the cbi and claimed the raid at rajendra kumar's office was aimed at sending message to officials if they worked with kejriwal honestly, they will be troubled.
another aap leader ashutosh said cbi is lying to the teeth for saying that the office of the chief minister was raided and attacked modi.
bjp condemned kejriwal for the kind of language used to criticise modi and said it was absolutely unacceptable.
does he want to protect the corrupt?
, javedekar asked, adding, instead of taking action against the corrupt, he is accusing the prime minister.
this is absolutely unacceptable.
delhi govt inquiry report on ddca has no mention of jaitleynew delhi, dec 27, 2015, (pti) 14:53 ista delhi government inquiry report on the affairs of the capital's cricket body ddca does not even mention the name of union finance minister arunjaitley who has been under opposition attack over the alleged irregularities during his tenure as its chief.
the 237-page report by a three-member committee headed by principal secretary in vigilance department chetan sanghi has said that considering the large number of allegations against ddca, the cricket body should be immediately suspended by the bcci.
without any mention of arunjaitley anywhere in the report, the committee made host of observations about alleged irregularities by ddca which include construction of the corporate boxes without prior approval of the authorities and complaints of forgery in age-verification certificates.
the panel slammed bcci for its inaction in the affairs of ddca and had recommended that delhi government should approach the supreme court with a request to have justice lodha committee advice regarding streamlining of the functioning of the cricket administrator.
the supreme court-appointed justice r m lodha committee, which probed ipl betting scandal, is currently working on its recommendations to reform the way the bcci functions.
jaitley, who headed the ddca between 1999 and 2013, has been under opposition attack even though he has maintained his innocence.
a probe by serious fraud investigation office (sfio) during upa tenure also had found nothing against jaitley.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal had alleged that cbi had raided his office to check the files on ddca.
new delhi, dec 23, 2015 (pti) 18:58 istbjp mp and former cricketer kirti azad was today suspended by party chief amit shah for publicly targeting finance minister arunjaitley with allegations of irregularities in delhi's cricket body ddca.
kirti azad, darbhanga mp, is suspended from party with immediate effect for his anti-party activities, a bjp statement said.
a show cause notice has been issued to him asking him to explain his anti-party conduct, the party said, adding that further action will depend on his reply.
azad had defied the party chief and went ahead with a press conference on sunday highlighting corruption allegations linked to the delhi and district cricket association(ddca) of which arunjaitley was the president for 13 years till 2013.
the bjp mp, who has been backed by former india cricket captain bishen singh bedi and sulking bjp mp shatrughan sinha, followed up the presser with an open dare on social media and barbs in parliament targeting arunjaitley , prompting the party to crack the whip.
though azad has been unrelenting in his attack, arunjaitley has chosen not to proceed against him even as he dragged delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aam aadmi party (aap) leaders, slapping civil and criminal defamation suits against them in the delhi high court and the patiala house court.
bjp has rallied around the finance minister with prime minister narendra modi saying he will come out of it with flying colours.
amit shah also batted for him saying the party stands united with him.
pm modi faces possible poll defeat in delhi: opinion pollsnew delhi, feb 03, 2014, reuters 19:00 istprime minister narendra modi is facing his first state election defeat since taking charge last year, opinion polls show, a result that would dent his chances of consolidating power needed to speed up an economic recovery.
the ruling bharatiya janata party has ordered scores of its top national and state leaders to campaign for this weekend's high-profile election to the delhi assembly where a small anti-corruption party is threatening to stop its momentum.
but even the appointment of finance minister arunjaitley to oversee the campaign while he is writing this month's national budget may not be enough.
this is the first time that we may see modi's momentum stopped and that will be a shock, said satish misra, a political analyst at the observer research foundation.
despite putting every last drop of energy into this campaign, it looks like the bjp is heading for defeat.
modi needs to win most of the state elections over the next four years to gain control of both houses of parliament to deliver on his promise of jobs and economic growth.
the rajya sabha, where his party is in a minority, is frustrating his efforts to pass laws related to tax and foreign investment.
the bjp's campaign has been marked by infighting with party workers frustrated that kiran bedi, the first woman officer in the indian police service, was appointed as the party's chief ministerial candidate - even though she wasn't a party member until three weeks ago.
india's most powerful hindu group, the rashtriya swayamsewak sangh, which is also the ideological parent of the bjp, said on tuesday the party was struggling in delhi and criticised bedi, saying she was unpopular.
the aam aadmi, an anti-corruption party, is on course to win between 36 and 41 of the 70 seats in the delhi assembly, according to three opinion polls published this week.
the bjp is on course to win between 27 and 32 seats and the congress party, which has dominated politics over the last century, will win between two and seven seats, its worst-ever performance in the city, the polls show.
the vote will take place on feb.
7 and the results will be announced three days later.
bjp spokesman sudhanshu mittal dismissed reports that the party was getting nervous about a likely defeat.
who said we are in panic?
we will deploy all the resources at our command.
this is delhi.
ministers and parliament members live here.
why should they not campaign?
inquiry into ddca affairs illegal: centrenew delhi, jan 8, 2016, (pti) 13:47 isttriggering another row, the centre has declared as unconstitutional and illegal the constitution of commission of inquiry into the ddca affairs by the aap dispensation in delhi in the continuing battle between the two governments.
ministry of home affairs, government of india, has accordingly held that the notification.
.
.
.
.
issued by the directorate of vigilance, government of nct of delhi, is unconstitutional, illegal and therefore has no legal effect, said a letter issued by delhi lg's office yesterday.
the rejection of the delhi government's decision to probe the affairs of delhi and district cricket association (ddca) comes on top of a bitter fight between the arvind kejriwal-led aap government and the centre after the raid on the delhi secretariat a month ago.
the raid had stoked a clash between the two with kejriwal alleging that it was meant to seize some files purportedly containing details of alleged corruption in ddca when finance minister arunjaitley was its president between 1999 and 2013.
kejriwal followed up his charge by his government decision to constitute a probe under the commission of inquiry act headed by former solicitor general gopal subramanium, who has contended that delhi government has the authority to constitute such a probe which he would go ahead with.
as the fight continued, the central government on wednesday sent a communication that the elected government of national capital territory of delhi is neither the central government nor the state government within the meaning of section 2 and 3 of the commission of inquiry act, 1952.
therefore, it has no jurisdiction or power to set up a commission of inquiry under the said act.
the union ministry of home affairs came to the conclusion after considering the provisions in art 239 and 239 aa and read with provisions of general clauses act including the government of india notification of august 1966.
the communication, which was sent to lg, said, the council of ministers (delhi government) may please be apprised accordingly, and all concerned be advised to act in conformity with the above decision of the ministry of home affairs, government of india.
the aap government had on december 22 issued a notification to set up a commission of inquiry to probe alleged financial irregularities in the ddca.
party leadership debates bsy's fatelast updated: 26 july, 2011b s arun and deepak upreti new delhi, july 26, dhns 1:02 istwith the threat of rebellion in the party looming large if things go against karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on tuesday discussed the pros and cons of his possible exit once the report of the lokayukta is submitted on wednesday.
the meeting, chaired by bjp president nitin gadkari and attended by senior leaders, including arunjaitley , felt that there should be no harakiri or ruffled feathers and the exit of yeddyurappa, if needed, should be a smooth affair.
although a large section of the partys central leadership is baying for yeddyurappas blood, the leaders are also wary of a possible rebellion by the bjps first chief minister in the south.
hence, they want to keep him in the loop before taking a final call on his future.
the bjp leaders are aware of his clout among the mlas and the experience of the last two crises when he managed to thwart all attempts to overthrow him.
the leadership is expecting him to visit delhi on thursday morning.
gadkari spoke to yeddyurappa on tuesday morning.
the bjp leadership had conveyed to the chief minister through satish, state bjp core committee member, that he should come to delhi for discussion on tuesday.
however, he chose to go to tirupati.
according to sources, there was no discussion on successor to yeddyurappa and the leaders were unanimous that it would be decided by the party core committee after yeddyurappas exit.
while asking the leaders to decide about his future only after going through the report of the lokayukta, the chief minister is said to have sounded the central leadership that a section of the state leaders are conspiring against him.
gadkari, venkaiah naidu and arunjaitley have received communication that some of the state leaders were taking advantage of the current situation.
sources indicated that a quick decision by the chief minister is not expected even after lokayukta santosh hegde submits his report on illegal mining.
he has expressed apprehension of a conspiracy against him and his supporters, sources said.
he has considerable support among mlas.
asked whether he was rushing to bangalore to assess the mood of the party there, dharmendra pradhan, the bjp leader in charge of karnataka, said: no.
i do not know whether anybody else is also going there.
i think gst is only a question of time since obstruction wont continue indefinitely.
as and when it is put to vote, i see gst becoming a reality, he said at the national strategy day on india, jointly organized by the world economic forum and cii here.
i have both the supporting legislations that we need to implement gst in readiness.
i also have the it backbone in readiness.
regretting the congress opposition to the gst bill, the finance minister said he has been discussing the issue with a number of congress members.
centre shoots down kejriwal's panel on ddca graft casenew delhi, jan 09, 2016, dhns: 2:33 istcong wants jpc or cbi investigationsetting the stage for a fresh clash, the bjp-led central government on friday struck down the commission of inquiry set up by the arvind kejriwal government into the alleged corruption surrounding the delhi and districts cricket association.
a defiant kejriwal refused to accept the message on quashing of the panel conveyed in a letter sent by the raj niwas.
he claimed the commission would continue to function and dared the centre to challenge its validity in court.
the death blow to the commission, headed by former solicitor general gopal subramanium, was delivered through a letter written by lieutenant governor najeeb jungs office to chief secretary k k sharma.
the letter said the union home ministry has declared the december 22 notification on constitution of the coi as unconstitutional and illegal.
the ministry of home affairs, government of india, has accordingly held that the notification.
.
.
issued by the directorate of vigilance, government of nct of delhi, is unconstitutional, illegal and therefore has no legal effect, said a letter issued by s c l das, secretary to the l-g.
the council of ministers (delhi government) may please be apprised accordingly, and all concerned be advised to act in conformity with the above decision of the ministry of home affairs, government of india, said the letter.
an angry kejriwal made clear his intention to take on the centre on the ddca issue and tweeted: ddca enquiry commission set up by del govt is as per law n constitution of india.
centres opinion not binding on del govt commission will continue work.
if lg or mha or pmo aggrieved, they may approach court.
only a court order can stop commission's work, he said.
delhi congress chief ajay maken said after the quashing of the coi, kejriwal should support the congress demand for a joint parliamentary committee probe or a court-monitored central bureau of investigation inquiry.
he justified the central governments decision to disallow the coi and said it was not under the purview of the delhi government to constitute such a probe panel without the approval of the lg or the home ministry.
maken said the kejriwal government constituted the inquiry commission to probe the irregularities in the ddca just to lock horns with the central government.
he said if a jpc probe is held in the ddcas financial irregularities when bjp leader arunjaitley was its president, then bjp mp kirti azad should also be included in the jpc probe committee.
the centres decision to dump the delhi government's decision to probe the affairs of delhi and district cricket association (ddca) follows a controversial cbi raid on delhi secretariat last month.
while the cbi claimed the raid was to probe alleged corruption by a bureaucrat and kejriwal aide rajendra kumar, the chief minister claimed the searches were meant to scan files allegedly containing details of alleged corruption in ddca when finance minister arunjaitley was its head for over a decade till 2013.
bangalore, mar 20, 2012, (pti) 16:04 istthe legislators lodged in a private resort since sunday decided to extend their stay till the bjp central leadership accepts their demand for an early decision to re-instate their leader as chief minister.
yeddyurappa had rejected senior bjp leader arun jaitely's request to attend the budget session, according to a source close to the leader.
the bjp leadership had said it would send an emissary to resolve the crisis after the session.
however, the bjp high command convinced yeddyurappa that chief minister d v sadananda gowda be allowed to present his budget tomorrow in the assembly.
the central leadership will be sending its emissary to bangalore to resolve the leadership issue and gowda will present the budget as scheduled tomorrow, minister for water resources and yeddyurappa loyalist basavaraj bommai told reporters at the resort.
the rebels decided to depute rural development minister jagadish shettar, public works minister c m udasi, mlas-- lakshminarayan and chandrakant bellad-- as their representatives to attend the legislature session.
bommai defended the boycott decision, saying it was done in the wake of statements by some leaders about the number of legislators supporting yeddyurappa, in an obvious reference to state unit bjp president k s eswarappa remarks that about 30 mlas were in the resort.
he claimed that more than 70 legislators supported yeddyurappa and demanded that the bjp high command decide on convening a legislature party meet on the leadership issue.
meanwhile, chief minister d v sadananda gowda said he has been authorised by the party to present the budget tomorrow and hoped the crisis would end soon.
srinivasan denies cover-up in ipl probenew delhi, dec 1, 2014, dhns: 1:43 istinternational cricket council president n srinivasan on monday told the supreme court that he had acted promptly by forming a three-member inquiry commission in may 2013 after taking note of allegations of betting against his son-in-law gurunath meiyappan.
denying any cover-up in the probe, he submitted that the panel was set up to probe the scam on the suggestion of finance minister arunjaitley , who wanted the inquiry to be free from interference of the board of control for cricket in india (bcci).
senior advocate kapil sibal, representing srinivasan, said he was not given an opportunity at any point of time either before the justice mudgal committee or the bombay high court to address the issue of conflict of interest.
a bench of justices t s thakur and f m i kalifullah, which resumed hearing on the mudgal panel report, took exception at sibal naming arunjaitley as he was not represented.
you are repeatedly naming arunjaitley , who is not represented here.
he is not a party here.
don't attribute it to a person who is not represented here, the bench told sibal, who insisted that it was reflected in the record and later referred to in the minutes of the may 28, 2013, working committee meeting to substantiate his submission.
during the hearing, the bench asked sibal to come clean on the conflict of interest charge.
we have a different opinion on the conflict of interest issue.
you have to lift the veil, it said when sibal said there was no finding either by the mudgal committee or the high court against srinivasan on the issue.
sibal claimed he would demonstrate through records that there was no conflict of interest.
he gave the example of different persons, including sunil gavaskar, saurav ganguly, ravi shastri, venkatesh prasad and brijesh patel, playing multiple roles being associated with either the bcci or state cricket boards or ipl franchisees.
he said the plea on conflict of interest raised against srinivasan by the cricket association of bihar was intended only to remove him.
during the hearing, the bench also wondered if the commission was set up taking in view the people named in the complaint.
andhra cm meets modi, seeks probe into phone tappingnew delhi, june 10, 2015, (ians) 19:02 istandhra pradesh chief minister n. chandrababu naidu on wednesday met prime minister narendra modi to demand a probe into alleged tapping of his phone by the telangana government.
during an hour-long meeting, naidu also demanded law and order powers for the governor in common capital hyderabad to ensure effective implementation of thed andhra pradesh reorganisation act.
naidu, whose telugu desam party (tdp) is a partner in bjp-led nda government at the centre, sought a thorough probe, party sources said.
naidu, the tdp chief, also met home minister rajnath singh, urban development minister m. venkaiah naidu, finance minister arunjaitley and bjp president amit shah.
the meetings came a day after andhra pradesh cabinet passed resolutions on phone-tapping and on implementation of section 8 of the andhra pradesh reorganisation act.
meanwhile, the chief secretary and the director general of police of andhra pradesh also met union home secretary and submitted to0 him reports over phone-tapping and the reorganisation act.
an audio tape of naidu's alleged telephonic conversation with telangana's nominated mla elvis stephenson in cash-for-vote scam was aired on some television channels on sunday.
this triggered speculations that anti-corruption bureau (acb) may include naidu as an accused in the case, in which his party's deputy leader in the telangana assembly a. revanth reddy has already been caught red-handed.
the tdp government has alleged that the telangana government tapped phones of naidu, his cabinet colleagues, senior officials and party leaders.
revanth reddy and two others were arrested by the acb on may 31 while offering rs.50 lakh to stephenson to make him vote for the tdp-bjp candidate in the telangana legislative council elections.
respond to remark, opposition tells modinew delhi, feb 6, 2015, dhns: 2:16 istthe congress and the aam aadmi party on friday took a jibe at prime minister narendra modi over united states president barack obamas concerns on religious intolerance in india and other countries.
obama is perhaps speaking of the india he saw through the eyes of narendra modi, said aicc general secretary ajay maken.
modi had shared his vision of india with obama during the latters recent visit.
aap convener arvind kejriwal also took a dig at modi saying the prime minister was better placed to explain obamas remarks as they are good friends.
i think mr. modi will answer this, they are very good friends, kejriwal told reporters when asked to comment on the us presidents observations at an inter-faith event in washington.
the centre, however, sought to highlight the huge history of indias cultural tolerance.
it is good to be tolerant.
india has a huge cultural history of tolerance.
any aberration does not alter the history, finance minister arunjaitley said.
speaking in uttarakhand, home minister rajnath singh underlined that india was a multi-religious and multi-cultural country where communities, including muslim, jewish, parsis and christians, were present.
jaitley pointed out that the best example of tolerance  the dalai lama  was sitting next to obama when the statement in question was made.
it is a part of indias tolerance that even he (the dalai lama) found it comfortable and india found it comfortable to absorb him in the society, he added.
govt tries to avoid 'core' bjp issuesnew delhi: may 30, 2015, dhns 1:34 istthe bjp-led nda government at the centre is attempting to play down contentious issues like ram mandir and beef ban while projecting development as its priority.
at a press conference on friday to talk about modi governments one year in office, union home minister rajnath singh too chose to avoid controversial topics.
he described himself as swayamsevak of the rss but did not give a direct reply on whether the sangh fountainhead was interfering in governance.
the controversial ghar wapsi programme, campaign on love jihad and communal remarks by union ministers and bjp mps had put the government on the back foot in the recent past.
singh was cautious on bjps eyebrow raising issues.
all issues are important.
we have to decide on our priorities.
now, development is the priority.
the ram mandir issue is subjudice.
no talks as of now.
if a solution comes, there will be nothing better.
otherwise, people of the two communities should can sit together and discuss, he said.
he was responding to a question on whether the bjp has put ram mandir and revocation of article 370 that gives special status to jammu and kashmir on the back burner.
bjp president amit shah had said that the party-led government could not decide on contentious matters like ayodhya or article 370 as it does not have the numbers.
a question on beef ban was also posed to him against the backdrop of controversial comment by union minister mukthar abbas naqvi that beef-eaters should go to pakistan.
singhs junior minister kiren rijiju, who was also present at the conference, had also objected to naqvis comments.
those who belong to india will stay in india only, singh rebuffed naqvi.
singhs statement also echoed union finance minister arunjaitley disapproval of naqvis comments and shah ruling out a countrywide ban on beef while leaving it to states to decide.
he also sought to downplay the sangh affiliates joining a strike on september 2 called by opposition trade unions, saying these are autonomous outfits and it was not proper to link them to the party.
attacks congwhile highlighting that governance made a comeback in the past one year, he attacked former prime minister manmohan singh and congress vice president rahul gandhi.
during the upa rule, he said, there was despair and doubt but that has been replaced by hope and prosperity.
the former prime minister said he did not have a magic wand.
it is not necessary to be an economist, but a realist.
our pm is one, he said.
newspapers register 8 pc growth in indianew delhi: dec 30, 2015, dhns 0:41 istunion finance minister arunjaitley has expressed dissatisfaction with the coverage of news in media, saying the dividing line between news and opinion has weakened much amid shrill debates on televisions channels.
releasing an annual report, press in india 2014-15 here on tuesday, he said while the average growth of print media was pegged at about six per cent, the daily newspapers have witnessed about 8 per cent growth in the country, contrary to the trend of decline in the print media in other parts of the world.
he described the growth trends as an opportunity and said newspapers can maintain their pace by publishing factual news to give clarity to people who are confused and looking for the facts after watching shrill debates on television channels.
its time for print media to strike back because the way there has been an explosion of tv channels and often there are shrill debates (aired on them) the viewers are left searching for the actual news.
publish clear, simple and factual news for your readers.
the growth in the print media that we see as an exception (to the global trends) will remain maintained.
the growth of print media is always good for democracy, minister said.
the information and broadcasting (i&b) minister, however, said that the annual report, brought out by the registrar for newspapers in india, indicates that periodicals in the country were facing a decline, contrary to the growth in newspapers.
magazine journalism has to be given a new form and life.
its because new alternatives like digital media and social media are coming up.
since the advent of television channels and internet, perhaps it is now difficult for a news to remain alive for one week, he said.
he said print media, to maintain its presence and sustained growth, requires to prepare itself to meet the challenges being posed by the internet and fast changing technology across the world, he added.
according to report, the print media registered a growth of 5.
80 per cent over the previous year as a total of 5,817 new publications were registered during 2014-15 and 34 publications ceased to operate.
out of the total 1,05,443 publications registered as on march 31, 2015, the largest number of newspapers and periodicals registered in any indian language was in hindi with a figure of 42,493 publications followed by english 13,661.
as many as 14,984 publications were dailies and bi-tri weeklies while remaining 90,459 were of other periodicities.
uttar pradesh remained at the top with 16,130 publications at the end of 2014-15, followed by maharashtra 14,394 and delhi 12,177 publications, according to state wise analysis of data.
the total circulation of publications stood at over 51 crore last year as against about 45 crore copies published per day in 2013-14.
bangalore, march 29, 2013, dhns: 2:35 istbjp starts meeting to select nomineesin a major blow to karnataka janatha party (kjp) leader b s yeddyurappa, two of his close loyalists umesh katti and basavaraj bommaihave decided to continue in the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
they also attended a district-level consultation meeting of the party on saturday to shortlist candidates for the assembly elections.
katti and bommai were said to be vacillating.
however, the two leaders, apparently considering their long-term political interests, have decided to remain in the bjp and contest the elections.
some senior leaders close to yeddyurappa may also contest the lok sabha elections in 2014.
they feel that the bjp is a better choice than the kjp, which is a regional party.
bommai is considered to be a leader of bjp legislators in north karnataka and is regarded as a political strategist.
his decision to stay put in the party will definitely influence others, including murugesh nirani, raju gowda and pratap gowda patil.
in addition, bjp leaders who were eyeing for congress tickets are also disappointed because the party is reluctant to field outsiders.
bjp rajya sabha member prabhakar kore, who runs a chain of educational institutions in belgaum, is also continuing in the bjp despite an invitation from the congress.
the bjp strategy of playing the waiting game by delaying the announcement of candidates seems to be paying dividends.
industries minister murugesh nirani, another yeddyurappa loyalist, is also said to be having second thoughts on quitting the bjp.
nirani has been threatening that he will join the kjp if he is not given ticket for the jamkhandi assembly seat.
now, nirani represents the bilagi assembly constituency.
yeddyurappa has been eagerly waiting for the entry of murugesh nirani, raju gowda and pratap gowda patil into his party.
yeddyurappa had often said that he had floated the party trusting that all his supporters, including bommai, nirani and katti, will stand by him.
katti is known for his immense political clout in belgaum district that sends 18 legislators to the assembly.
the bjp had won 11 seats from this electorally powerful district.
nirani also has good following in bagalkot district, while bommai, with his shrewd political insights, would have been a good resource person for yeddyurappa ahead of the polls.
the meeting to shortlist candidates would continue on sunday.
mandya, mysore, chamarajnagar, belgaum, uttara kannada and haveri districts were covered on saturday.
during the partys recent core committee meeting, the bjp had failed to come to a consensus on finalising the list in several constituencies with multiple contenders.
it had also failed to finalise party tickets to sitting legislators who are facing corruption charges.
the election committee of the party will be meeting in the next three to four days, sources said.
briefing reporters after the meeting, higher education minister c t ravi said the party would release its first list of candidates during the first week of april.
ravi said a mammoth workers convention would be held in bangalore on april 8.
it would be attended by party national president rajnath singh, senior leaders l k advani, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley.
transaction between modi, dushyant singh commercial: jaitleywashington, jun 21, 2015 (pti) 16:03 istfinance minister arunjaitley , on a nine-day visit to the us, chose to largely stay mum on the controversy surrounding lalit modi raging back home but said the tainted former ipl chief's rs 11 crore transaction with bjp leader dushyant singh was a commercial one.
the minister was asked: what is the government doing on the transaction of rs 11 crore between lalit modi and dushyant singh?
jaitley responded: how the government could be concerned with a several year old loan transaction between.
.
.
which is a commercial loan transaction by check with all banking approvals in a declared loan transaction.
singh, son of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, has been under attack over media reports that his company received rs 11.
63 crore in investments from modi in 2008.
external affairs minister sushma swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
governor-cm tiff reaches flashpointlast updated: 18 january, 2011new delhi/bangalore: , jan 18, dhns: 12:46 istyeddyurappa to meet president on january 24karnataka governor h r bhardwaj and the bjp government headed by chief minister b s yeddyurappa are heading for a showdown with the ruling party deciding to move rashtrapati bhavan for the immediate recall of the governor.
the chief minister, accompanied by ministers and mps, has planned to meet president pratibha patil on january 24.
as the confrontation between the chief minister and the governor threatens to reach rashtrapati bhavan, the party central leadership has decided to stand by yeddyurappa.
the chief minister, who rushed to delhi on tuesday met senior lawyers arunjaitley and ram jethmalani and discussed the legal implications of the developments.
i have discussed all issues with the central leadership.
i will hold an emergency cabinet meeting at 11 am on wednesday and will place the issues i have discussed here, the chief minister told reporters after meeting jaitely.
the cabinet meeting, which will be the second one in less than 24 hours, is likely to discuss the recall of the governor and his alleged interference in the functioning of the government.
a visibly tense chief ministerupset over the governors reported statement that he is studying the petition to grant prosecution in connection with land denotification scam also met party chief spokesperson and senior advocate ravi shankar prasad.
the chief minister had earlier announced that he would lead a march to rashtrapati bhavan in protest against the governors alleged misuse of powers to destabilise his government.
later, he abandoned the plan at the behest of the party leadership.
the chief minister was accompanied by his ministerial colleagues s suresh kumar, v s acharya, r ashok and basavaraj bommai.
two karnataka high court advocates had given a petition to the governor seeking permission to prosecute the chief minister and ashok over the alleged illegal land denotification and allotment scam.
the governor had said that he was studying the petition and would take a decision soon.
before leaving for delhi, yeddyurappa had challenged opposition parties to come for a debate on the land scam issue at the banquet hall of vidhana soudha, and charged them with conspiring to impose presidents rule on the state.
he said people of the state were aware why leaders of the congress and jd(s) often visited raj bhavan.
a conspiracy is being hatched to impose presidents rule on the state, he alleged.
he said he would not be cowed down by such moves.
i will go for elections only after completing my full term.
charges being made by the opposition parties are totally baseless.
land scam is a baby nurtured by the jd(s) in the state, he charged.
meanwhile, the governor reiterated on tuesday that he would decide soon the plea seeking his consent to prosecute yeddyurappa over land scams.
speaking to mediapersons at raj bhavan, bhardwaj said the advocates petition was under his consideration.
when his attention was drawn to the bjp appeal to the president to recall him, the governor said he would go to delhi if he was asked to do so.
ready to talk to anyone in cong for gst bill passage: jaitleynew delhi, nov 3, 2015 (pti) 15:29 istwith the landmark gst bill stuck due to opposition from the congress, finance minister arunjaitley said he is willing to reach out to rahul gandhi to get the biggest reform agenda in two decades passed by parliament.
we are willing to speak to any of their leaders, arunjaitley was quoted as saying by bloomberg news.
why not?
the goods and services tax (gst), which will subsume more than a dozen state levies to create a single market, is to be implemented from april 1, 2016.
but the deadline may be missed if parliament does not pass the constitution amendment bill in the upcoming winter session.
i would try and persuade them to have it cleared now, as soon as possible, because it is going to be one of the most important reforms in india, he said.
once the bill is passed, more than half of the states have to ratify it before parliament passes another enabling bill to implement gst.
the gst rate would have to be set by the proposed gst council, which will be headed by the union finance minister and have state ministers as members.
the congress is opposed to states being given powers to levy 1 per cent tax over and above the gst rate.
also, it wants alcohol and petroleum products to be included in the gst regime.
but if there is something which doesn't hurt but strengthens the gst architecture, i am certainly willing to look at it.
the finance minister said he is willing to speak to anyone who disagrees with him.
anyone in the government can speak to people -- there's no difficulty at all, he said.
so far, we have been speaking to the more accessible section of the congress party.
jaitley also praised the reserve bank of india for slashing the benchmark interest rate, but remained non-committal on extension to governor raghuram rajan.
rbi has the onerous responsibility of managing it -- the interest rates -- along with inflation, keeping growth targets in mind, he said.
and i would say i am quite happy with the way things have moved in the last one year.
therefore, we have to see how inflation figures move over the next few months.
asked if rajan, 52, would be given an extension after his current term ends in september next year, he said: why do you ask questions which i am not competent to answer?
winter session of lok sabha ends, 13 bills passed amid dinnew delhi, dec 23, 2015, (pti) 15:29 istthe winter session of lok sabha came to an end today after passing 13 bills despite persistent uproar created by opposition congress over various issues, including certain allegations against finance minister arunjaitley in connections with ddca affairs.
the 20-day session, adjourned sine die, was considerably much productive as compared to the last monsoon session which was a virtual washout due to the ruckus caused by the opposition which had been pressing for ouster of external affairs minister sushma swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over various allegations.
in the session which concluded today, speaker sumitra mahajan preferred to carry on with the listed business even as protesting congress members stormed the well and shouted slogans, many times walking out of the house for the day.
she twice threatened to take action against the congress members who were disrupting the house by asking officials to note down their names.
in the last session, she had suspended as many as 25 of the 44 congress members for their unrelenting disruptions.
this session saw the rare action of the speaker expunging her own controversial vested interests remarks made about congress members yesterday.
in her valedictory remarks, mahajan said, i hope this coming year brings new hope and new energy in our lives and we reflect with resolve that in the new year we will take conscious decision while using all parliamentary instruments to forcefully register our dissent and disagreement, if any, and will attempt to ensure less disruptions.
ddca row: bjp must listen to its allies at times, says senamumbai, dec 26, 2015, (pti) 14:07 istasserting that finance minister arunjaitley is suffering the backlash of backing arvind kejriwal during his anti-corruption movement against congress alongwith anna hazare, the shiv sena today said the bjp should at times listen to its ally, which had opposed any sort of support to the aap leader then.
we remember the time when anna hazare and kejriwal company was creating chaos against congress government at ramlila ground (in delhi).
at that time, kejriwal was garnering praise by leveling absurd allegations against the congress leadership.
there was a tug of war (between political parties) to support kejriwal's hooliganism, the sena said an editorial in party mouthpiece 'saamana'.
the sena claimed that the bjp was at the forefront of this tug of war then and arunjaitley along with others asked sena to support kejriwal as well, to which it did not oblige.
we did not support kejriwal then.
we politely advised the bjp to not support kejriwal's demonic attitude or it may backfire one day.
jaitley is now bearing the brunt of this blowback.
hazare is not with kejriwal and he has challenged jaitley.
the lesson learnt from this episode is that you (the bjp) should listen to (ally) sena at times as well.
we may not be very clever but we have a few lessons in our books as well, the sena said.
it further said while kejriwal has to be respected as he has become the chief minister through a democratically elected government, the language used by him against the prime minister and arunjaitley is akin to that of a roadside rowdy.
kejriwal has denigrated the post of chief minster while venting out his frustration, which is incorrect, sena said.
jaitely, who headed the ddca for 13 years till 2013, is under fire over alleged irregularities at the cricket body during his tenure.
the minister proposed to provide aadhaar-based smart cards to senior citizens, which will have their health details.
for senior citizens, aadhaar-based smart cards containing their health details will be introduced.
a beginning will be made through a pilot in 15 districts during 2017-18, the minister said.
mahila shakti kendra will be set up in 14 lakh anganwadi centres under the integrated child development scheme (icds), with an allocation of rs 500 crore, he said.
these centres will provide one stop convergent support services for empowering rural women with opportunities for skill development, employment, digital literacy, health and nutrition, he said.
for the welfare of women and children under various schemes across all union ministries, the allocation has been increased from rs 1,56,528 crore in budgetary estimates for 2016-17 to rs 1,84,632 crore in 2017-18, he added.
gst rollout deferred to july 1new delhi, jan 17,2017, dhns: 1:44 istthe rollout date for indias biggest indirect tax reform, the goods and services tax (gst), has been deferred to july 1 from the earlier april 1 deadline.
but the contentious issue of dual control was resolved by giving the state governments power to assess 90  of assessees who have a turnover of up to rs 1.
5 crore.
jaitley said the july 1 implementation date seemed more realistic as the industry needed more time, and also because the governments at the centre and the states were busy with budget presentation.
90  of gst taxpayers with up to rs 1.
5 crore turnover will be assessed by the states and 10  by the centre.
those above rs 1.
5 crore will be assessed 50:50 between the centre and the states, arunjaitley added.
west bengal finance minister amit mitra said he voiced his dissent at the meeting as his government wanted 100  of taxpayers with up to rs 1.
5 crore turnover to be with states.
the council also decided that the centre will cede its powers to states to tax any economic activity in indias territorial waters up to 12 nautical miles.
the next meeting will be held on february 18 to approve the draft of integrated gst and other supporting laws.
jaitley said the power to levy and collect integrated gst, a tax on interstate movement of goods and services, will lie with the centre but by special provisions in law, the states will also be cross-empowered.
cabinet defers decision on 3p india institutionnew delhi, mar 4, 2015 (pti) 21:10 istthe union cabinet today deferred a decision on setting up of rs 500-crore institution 3p india as finance minister arunjaitley was not in town.
jaitley in his july 2014 budget had proposed to set up an institution called 3p india with a corpus of rs 500 crore to promote public private partnership (ppp) projects with a view to give a boost to infrastructure.
the decision on setting up of 3p india has been deferred, sources said after the meeting of the union cabinet.
the issue could not be taken up as the finance minister, who is in the us, could not attend the meeting, sources said.
in his 2014 budget, arunjaitley sought to set up the 3p india to address various various problems being faced by the ppp projects.
observing that there were weaknesses in the ppp framework, the minister had underlined the need for developing a quick dispute redressal mechanism and an institution to support mainstreaming of the ppps.
tour operators applaud visa on arrival facilitybengaluru:feb 28, 2015, dhns: 2:59 istthe tourism sector has welcomed finance minister arunjaitley announcement that the government would extend the visa on arrival (voa) facility to visitors from 150 countries in phases.
the governments pro-tourism strategic vision sees continuation and we applaud the long-term initiatives of budget 2015-2016 including voa to 150 countries, thomas cook (india) managing director madhavan menon told deccan herald.
we also welcome the move to eliminate some of the concerns of both the tourists and the operators on how this system works, he added.
the extension of electronic travel authorisation (evisas) to 150 more countries is a positive step for tourism as this sector contributes seven per cent of indias gdp and helped create more than 4 crore jobs last year, said cox & kings director peter kerkar.
tourism is one of the largest potential revenue and foreign exchange earners for india.
according to the ministry of commerce and industrys think-tank, indian brand equity foundation (ibef), the number of foreign tourist arrivals (ftas) during the period january-november 2014 was 6.
58 lakhs with a growth of 7.
1 per cent, as compared with the ftas of 6.
14 million with a growth of 5.
5 per cent during january-november 2013 over the corresponding period of 2012.
foreign exchange earnings (fees) from tourism in terms of us dollar grew 5.
2 per cent during january-november 2014 as compared with 4.
9 per cent over the corresponding period of 2013.
similarly, fees in rupee terms grew by five per cent in november 2014 over november 2013.
fees from tourism in rupee terms during january-november 2014 were rs 107,208 crore ($17.
4 billion) with a growth of 12.
1 over the corresponding period of 2013, ibef added.
kpmg india head (tourism and hospitality) jaideep ghosh predicted that the increase in the number of countries under the visa on arrival scheme should catapult inbound foreign visits to above 8 million in the current calendar year.
the plan to extend the visa on arrival scheme of the government proves that tourism development is a priority on its agenda.
india has the potential to become a very large hub for inbound travellers, which would mean more foreign exchange and more gdp, kuoni india managing director rajeev wagle said.
central leaders divided over action against yeddyurappanew delhi, may 14, 2012, dhns: 0:54 istas the latest of the now-familiar anti-party leadership statements of former chief minister b s yeddyurappa reached the capital, his party brass was a divided lot, some sympathising with him and some strongly opposing him.
troubled by the continuing defiance by the lingayat leader, who is facing a cbi probe in mining cases, some senior bjp leaders said on monday that it was time for the central leadership to take a decision about him.
bjp spokesman shahnawaz hussain said: it is an internal matter of the party and discussions are on to work out a solution.
however, a senior leader and rajya sabha member maintained that yeddyurappa may go if he wanted.
doors are open.
enough is enough, he hastened to add.
go-slow policyhowever, there is the other section which advocates a go-slow policy over the former chief minister.
why should we drive him out.
if he goes himself, fine.
he may have courted controversies and now, will be facing the cbi probe.
but, name one mass leader in the state who has such a backing among the people like yeddyurappa.
he is, of course, the undisputed leader of the lingayats, said a leader.
the decision to hold discussions with the state leaders, mlas and mps and work out a solution to the problem has been entrusted to leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, arun jaitley.
the party did not confirm whether any central emissary would be rushed to bangalore.
national president of the party, nitin gadkari, is flying abroad.
cong reacts sharplythe congress, on its part, reacted sharply to a statement made by yeddyurappa praising its president sonia gandhi.
neither the congress nor its president needs a certificate from anyone.
whatever is happening in karnataka is their own matter.
it's entirely the internal matter of bjp.
let them stew in their own juice, congress spokesperson manish tewari said.
as far as karnataka is concerned, an atmosphere of internal dissension is there since the formation of the bjp government.
we definitely hope that people of the state will remember all this when elections happen there, he said.
k s eshwarappa, bjp state presidentthe cbi probe might have come as a setback for yeddyurappa.
he is like a child.
when he is upset or hurt he tends to make statements against others.
i would like to assure yeddyurappa that the entire party is with him.
there is nothing to worry.
no minister close to him will be dropped from the cabinet.
d v sadananda gowda, chief ministeri will not make any statements until the internal crisis in the party is resolved.
i am sure everything will fall in place in the next two to three days.
cabinet paves way for gst bill in parliamentnew delhi, dec 18, 2014, dhns 1:39 istthe union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendra modi on wednesday cleared the long-pending constitutional amendment bill on goods and services tax (gst) paving the way for its introduction in the lok sabha in the winter session.
in order to reverse the sentiment of the business community, the government expedited the process of consensus building on the bill with states.
finance minister arunjaitley promised the states to compensate their entire revenue losses for the next three years and also agreed on the most contentious demand of leaving petroleum products in the hands of states.
after the deal was struck between the union finance minister and his state counterparts on monday night, the prime minister along with his other cabinet colleagues discussed the finer points of the bill and the strategy to push the bill in the lok sabha amid logjam and protests over various issues.
gst bill, the most important indirect tax reform since independence, is expected to contribute to indias growth story dramatically.
government may roll back new income-tax return formsnew delhi, april 18, 2015, dhns: 1:41 istbarely a few hours after notifying the new income tax return forms that made it mandatory for taxpayers to submit bank and foreign travel details, the government on saturday hinted that it may withdraw the order after facing severe criticism from various quarters.
finance minister arunjaitley , who spent hours to convince investors of india moving to simplified laws and regulations, called up the top finance ministry officials from washington asking them to reconsider the decision.
the finance minister has called me from washington and said the whole matter related to new itr form will be reconsidered.
the government will simplify the itr form, revenue secretary shaktikanta das said.
he said this decision comes in the wake of difficulties expressed by various sections and tax experts on the new itr forms relation to financial year 2014-15.
the move came after the government was criticised by tax payers and tax experts alike and the news went viral on twitter and other social media.
former economic advisor to the union government arvind virmani, who is currently indias representative at the international monetary fund, said on twitter that, the basic problem of the ministry of finance is that lagging corporate tax recovery is making tax target difficult to meet, putting pressure on tax authorities always revert to putting new requirements and pressure on existing tax payers, giving licence to it inspectors to harass existing declared taxpayers.
he also said that tax department seldom finds those who never file returns.
the forms notified on friday required the taxpayer to give details of foreign trips, bank accounts, passport and aadhaar number while filing returns.
they ran into 14 pages.
the government said the move was aimed at checking black money but tax experts questioned the need for seeking too many details when the government already has pan number which provides every detail about an assessee.
a lot of people have a number of bank accounts.
they also leave some of these accounts passive, or inactive.
these have to be divulged in the new set of forms for e-filing of returns, according to accounting firm kpmg.
the new itr form also required the taxpayer to furnish the name of the bank, account numbers, their address, ifsc code and any possible joint account holder.
on foreign tour, the tax authorities required the assessee's passport number, its place of issuance, countries visited, number of times such sojourns made and in case of a resident taxpayer, the details expenses incurred.
washington, jun 21, 2015 (pti) 18:04 istfinance minister arunjaitley chose to largely stay mum on lalit modi, saying he did not want to comment on the controversy raging back home, with the opposition mounting massive protests over external affairs minister sushma swaraj's help to the tainted former ipl chief.
the minister was asked: what is the government doing on the transaction of rs 11 crore between lalit modi and dushyant singh?
the reporter also asked arunjaitley if raje would resign and why prime minister modi is silent on the issue, and will dushyant be expelled from the party.
jaitley responded: how the government could be concerned with a several year old loan transaction between.
.
.
which is a commercial loan transaction by check with all banking approvals in a declared loan transaction.
while singh has been under attack over media reports that his company received rs 11.
63 crore in investments from modi in 2008, his mother has faced flak for allegedly backing the immigration plea of the former ipl chief in a london court secretly.
the raje episode came as a further embarrassment to the bjp and its government after it emerged that swaraj helped modi obtain british travel documents.
though swaraj has maintained she acted on humanitarian grounds by signing consent papers for surgery of his wife suffering from cancer, the issue kicked up a storm with the opposition seeking her resignation over impropriety and conflict of interest.
the controversy surrounding lalit modi is the bjp government's first major political crisis in more than a year since it assumed office.
mangaluru: march 6, 2016, dhns: 23:49 istthe karnataka cashew manufacturers association (kcma) has said that the 5 per cent customs duty on raw cashew nut in the budget will sound a death knell for the cashew processing industry in the country.
in a memorandum to union finance minister arunjaitley , the kcma has sought an immediate roll back of this duty.
kcma president bola rahul kamath has stated in the memorandum that the cashew growers will have to face a total of 9.
55 per cent cess due to a levy of 5 per cent basic customs duty on the cif (cost, insurance and freight) value on imported raw cashew nuts, besides a special additional duty of 4 per cent and an education cess of 3 per cent that the law charges.
stating that a majority of the 4,000 cashew processing units in 14 states of the country  including karnataka, tamil nadu, goa, maharashtra, kerala and andhra pradesh  are in micro, small and medium scale sectors, employing 4,00,000 women, kamath said most of them are located in the rural areas.
he also noted that the total raw cashew nut production in india is 6 lakh mt, although the industries are currently processing about 16 lakh mt, indicating a shortfall of 10 lakh mt, which has to be made good by imports from africa.
kamath warned that the move of the government would result in the closure of all tiny and small industries in the country who are today the highest employment generators.
citing an example, he said that the biggest competitor to india is vietnam, and they have mechanised their processing and are sitting with huge processing capacity.
they are not able to compete with indians due to our ability to realise better on a combination sales in domestic and export.
any drop in the international rate of seeds will help vietnam mop up the seeds to their country, and this will clearly mean advantage vietnam, taking away indias share of the overseas market, he explained.
the kcma president also cautioned that the duty will encourage unethical practices as the industry fears the imports may come in with heavy under-invoicing or false declarations to avoid duty.
this will result in imports getting to unethical traders and may have serious implication on the industry, he said.
the memorandum also stated that most of the tiny and small scale units have availed huge bank loans to upgrade and modernise their units and this sudden unavailability in processing will result in many of this account becoming npas.
this is an extremely sensitive commodity and any sudden increase in its value will directly impact its consumption, the memorandum stated.
modi vows to deliverdalip singh new delhi: aug 9, 2014 dhns 1:49 istdefends govt's stand on wto deal; lambasts congan exuberant prime minister narendra modi, who completed 75 days in office on saturday, hit back at his detractors, both local and global, by justifying the tough decisions taken by his government in the interest of the people.
speaking at the bjp national council meeting, the first mega party conclave after the general elections, modi said he is in full command and the government is on the right track.
he said he is ready to push indias interests on key matters at global platforms such as the wto despite strong global pressure.
the government could not have sacrificed the interest of the poor and farmers for good international publicity, he added.
modi lambasted the previous congress-led upa dispensation for seeking votes in the name of food security but not protecting the interest of farmers at the wto.
he said the upa had agreed to sign a deal that would have taken away the right of the country to fix minimum support price for crops and eventually denied food to the poor.
the national council was convened at the jawaharlal nehru stadium to ratify the appointment of modis confidant amit shah as party president.
shah replaced rajnath singh, who resigned from the post after joining the modi cabinet.
the party bars leaders from holding two posts.
senior leaders l k advani, m m joshi, arunjaitley , m venkaiah naidu and chief ministers of bjp-ruled states were among the more than 2,000 delegates who attended the meeting.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi came under attack for hinting at bjps hand in the communal riots in uttar pradesh.
in an oblique reference, modi said, even after suffering such a disgraceful defeat (in the lok sabha election), they (congress) are still not ready to give up vote-bank politics.
the prime minister also ridiculed the congress for asking the nda government to list its achievements after such a brief run.
he said parties which did not deliver in 60 years want to know our achievements of 60 days.
modi asserted that the global perception of india had undergone a change after the massive mandate the bjp got in the election.
he said he could overcome the troubles he faced during his metamorphosis from chief minister of gujarat to prime minister of the country due to the efficient work of amit shah.
he said he has watched shahs growth and was confident that the new party chief would deliver on the responsibility handed to him.
had shah not been given the charge during the election, the country would not have realised his organisational strength, he added.
comparing bjps electoral win to a cricket match, modi declared shah the man of the match of a team captained by rajnath singh.
the prime minister said he was aware of the pressure that the electoral win has put on the government.
people have given their verdict.
it is our turn now.
we will live up to their aspirations, he assured.
earlier, making his maiden speech after becoming the bjp chief, amit shah cautioned leaders and workers against complacency.
he called upon them to root out the congress from the states not ruled by the saffron party.
bjp panel to clear first list todaynew delhi/bangalore:april 5, 2013 dh news service 1:20 istdogged by infighting and graft, partys image has taken a beatingthe bjps new central election committee, with gujarat chief minister narendra modi as a member, will meet for the first time on friday to clear the first list of 140 candidates for the karnataka polls.
the names of a majority of sitting legislators and those of candidates in constituencies where there are no multiple contenders are likely to be cleared.
the 19-member team, headed by bjp president rajnath singh, will meet at the partys headquarters on ashoka road at 5 pm.
however, party sources said it was not confirmed whether modi, who is scheduled to address ficci members in the city, turns up at the meeting or not.
chief minister jagadish shettar and state bjp president pralhad joshi will take part in the meeting.
though there is demand from the state party leaders that modi should address rallies in karnataka to check bjps declining political fortunes in the state, a decision has not been taken, said party sources.
due to the infighting among leaders and corruption during the bjp rule, the partys only bastion in the south is set to fall, say insiders.
in such a scenario, it is not clear whether modi will canvass for the party candidates as a negative result in the elections will cloud the charisma of the gujarat chief minister.
other important leaders on the election panel are l k advani, sushma swaraj, arunjaitley , nitin gadkari, m m joshi, venkaiah naidu, shahnawaz hussain and ananth kumar.
with several sitting mlas deserting the party and joining the karnataka janata party (kjp), the party top brass is likely to discuss about how to control the damage.
the party wants to minimise the damage by giving more tickets to lingayats and backward classes.
it wants to select party loyalists with clean image, a senior leader said.
the partys state unit had decided not to give tickets to tainted candidates, but the final decision will be taken by the top brass, based on the winnability of candidates.
three legislators - y sampangi, katta subramanya naidu and krishnaiah setty - have been sent to jail by the lokayukta court.
private complaints have been lodged against at least eight others in various courts.
president, pm, other leaders greet vajpayee on 91st birthdaynew delhi, dec 25, 2015, (ians) 15:28 istpresident pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi on friday led the nation to greet the now ailing former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee on his 91st birthday, wishing him a long life.
warm greetings and good wishes to vajpayeeji on his birthday.
may the almighty bless vajpayeeji with good health, happiness and a long fruitful life, the president said in a message.
modi, who was visiting afghanistan, extended birthday greetings to our beloved atalji.
we salute this great personality who provided exceptional leadership to india at a crucial time.
be it as a party leader, parliamentarian, minister, prime minister, atalji distinguished himself in every role.
this is his speciality, modi said.
one of india's most popular politicians, vajpayee was prime minister three times - first in 1996 (may 16-31) and later for two consecutive stints between march 19, 1998 and may 13, 2004.
in the latter two stints, he headed the national democratic alliance governments led by the bharatiya janata party (bjp), of which he is the founder.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar also hailed the bjp veteran: in a diverse country like ours, vajpayee is a shining example of tolerance and inspiration for taking everyone along in the public life.
chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan also saluted vajpayee.
vajpayeeji has always been a source of inspiration to me.
i pray for his happy and healthy life, raman singh said.
chouhan said vajpayee was a politician who would not mind taking a two-wheeler or an autorickshaw to reach a venue.
and wherever he went, he won people's confidence.
former jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah said: a very happy birthday to vajpayee sahib.
a great human being and an amazing prime minister to work for.
finance minister arunjaitley described vajpayee as my guide and mentor and said: may god bless him with good health.
andhra pradesh chief minister n. chandrababu naidu said vajpayee - who was prime minister from 1998 to 2004, was an inspiration to him and was also one of india's best leaders.
congress leader digvijaya singh prayed for speedy recovery for vajpayee, who has been ailing for years.
central ministers piyush goyal, ravishankar prasad and mukhtar abbas naqvi also greeted vajpayee.
i pray for his good health and long life, said goyal.
naqvi said he was a symbol of good governance and development.
vajapyee was first elected to parliament in 1957, and was repeatedly elected to both the lok sabha and rajya sabha.
he was elected from lucknow for five times consecutively.
in 1951, vajpayee helped to set up the bharatiya jana sangh.
he was the external affairs minister in 1977-79 when the janata party -- of which the jana sangh was a constituent -- ruled the country.
advani, joshi among bjp star campaigners for bihar pollsnew delhi, sep 23 , 2015, ians 13:22 istbjp veterans lal krishna advani, murli manohar joshi and actor-turned-politician shatrughan sinha are among the star campaigners enlisted by the party to woo voters ahead of the bihar assembly elections.
sources said prime minister narendra modi and union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley , sushma swaraj, smriti irani, ravi shankar prasad and rajiv pratap rudy are also on a list of 40 star campaigners that the party submitted to the election commission on tuesday.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and his jharkhand counterpart raghubar das are the only bjp chief ministers on the list.
bjp president amit shah is also among the star campaigners.
since the formation of the modi government at the centre in may 2014, advani and joshi have been sidelined in the bjp and restricted to the party's margdarshak mandal.
in the past, bihar chief minister nitish kumar accused the bjp of dumping party veterans like advani and joshi as they didn't figure in the election posters of the bjp in bihar soon after the announcement of poll dates.
shatrughan sinha, the bjp mp from patna sahib, had embarrassed the party by openly criticising party decisions and publicly praising nitish kumar.
new delhi, dec 21, 2015, pti: 15:43 istunion finance minister arunjaitley today filed a criminal defamation complaint against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other leaders of aap for allegedly defaming him in the ddca controversy before a delhi court which took cognizance on his plea.
the present complaint has been filed in personal capacity.
on perusing the material on record, i take cognizance of the offences.
matter be now put up for complainant evidence on january 5, chief metropolitan magistrate sanjay khanagwal said.
senior advocate siddharth luthra, who appeared for arunjaitley , told the court that the accused aam aadmi party (aap) leaders have made completely baseless and defamatory allegations against the finance minister regarding alleged financial irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
mr. arunjaitley has not drawn a single penny from the ddca.
completely baseless and defamatory allegations have been levelled against him and his family members, luthra said.
during the 35-minute long hearing, arunjaitley and various other top leaders of bjp, including union ministers m venkaiah naidu, j p nadda, smriti irani, dharmendra pradhan, piyush goyal and rajyavardhan singh rathore were present in the court.
besides kejriwal, arunjaitley has filed the complaint against aap leaders -- kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh, raghav chadha and deepak bajpai -- for their alleged defamatory remarks.
luthra told the court that they have made defamatory statements against arunjaitley not only in a press conference but also on their twitter accounts.
the complaint has been filed for the alleged offences under sections 499 (defamation), 500 (punishment for defamation), 501 (printing or engraving matter known to be defamatory), 502 (sale of printed or engraved substance containing defamatory matter), 34 (common intention) and 35 (when such an act is criminal by reason of its being done with a criminal knowledge or intention) of the ipc.
during the hearing, luthra said that these aap leaders have made false allegations regarding arunjaitley about his alleged association with a firm, 21st century media pvt ltd.neither arunjaitley nor any of his family members have any connections with 21st century media pvt ltd. records of registrar of companies can be summoned to see that arunjaitley has no connection whatsoever with this firm, he said.
luthra argued that these leaders had deliberately and with a malafide design made false allegations regarding arunjaitley to create an impression that money has been siphoned.
these defamatory statements have damaged the reputation of arunjaitley and have caused irreversible damage to him, the lawyer said.
jaitley has not taken any pecuniary advantage from ddca at all.
there are ddca records which can be summoned.
these statements by the aap leaders are politically motivated, he said while reading out the tweets of these aap leaders.
to this, the magistrate asked, have you placed any records of ddca ?
responding to the court's query, luthra said, no.
i (jaitley) am not the office bearer of ddca since 2013.
we can summon the necessary records.
at the fag end of the hearing, the senior counsel requested the court if jaitley's statement could be recorded today itself.
the court, however, said it would not be possible today and fixed the matter for recording complainant evidence on january 5, next year.
jaitley's action comes in the backdrop of attacks on him by kejriwal and other aap leaders over alleged irregularities and financial bunglings in delhi's cricket body, ddca, of which he was the president for about 13 years till 2013.
rajya sabha disrupted over conversion issuenew delhi, dec 15, 2014, ians: 12:41 istthe rajya sabha was disrupted monday as the opposition refused to allow any business in the house without taking up a discussion on conversion issue.
raising the issue in the upper house, congress leader anand sharma said: we have given a notice for suspension of question hour.
there is a serious situation in the country.
an organisation that calls itself a social organisation, has started a controversial programme on 'ghar wapasi', sharma said.
communist party of india-marxist leader sitaram yechury said there were reports that schools have been asked to remain open on christmas.
no business is more important.
we have read all schools have been asked to stay open on christmas.
you have 'swachhta divas' on gandhi jayanti, good governance day on christmas.
this with conversions that are going on, are a serious concern, said yechury.
there is only an online essay competition on good governance.
deputy chairman p.j. kurien told the members that chairman m. hamid ansari has refused to admit the motion.
opposition members continued with their protests, forcing kurien to adjourned the house till noon.
earlier, aiadmk members raised slogans over a question being asked in railway employment examination on the removal of party chief j. jayalalithaa from the chief minister's post.
the trinamool congress, meanwhile, alleged that the central government was controlling central bureau of investigation (cbi) probe into saradha chit-fund scam.
the president of bjp is writing the script for the cbi.
the cbi is being used for political vendetta, trinamool leader derek o'brien said.
when the house met at 12 noon, again protests continued forcing the chairman to adjourn the house for another 10 minutes.
when income tax has already issued notices asking for details, income tax is under the duty to assess.
it has to assess congress party, it has to assess the associated journal, it has to assess young indian.
there is certain proceeding, and notices and that process is on, he said in an interview to ndtv.
i have never said that process is not on.
i have never said that process will stop or its not on.
they issue notices, they hear assessees.
these are quasi-judicial authority.
i don't even know who is the assessing officer, he said when asked why ed and income tax department were not taking action in the matter related to national herald.
he, however, denied that the enforcement directorate reopened case.
ed is not looking into the matter, he said, adding, they are independent investigative agency and the finance minister has no role in it.
the congress party has claimed the enforcement directorate under the modi government had reopened the national herald case after having closed it.
why did the government reopen a closed enquiry by the enforcement directorate?
after the bjp government came into office, the ed closed the case.
then the ed was abruptly transferred and enquiry was reopened.
i am not criticising the judge, i am criticising the judgement, senior party leader and former finance minister p chidambaram had said last week.
congress has been protesting in parliament on the national herald issue alleging political vendetta after the delhi high court refused to quash summonses to its leaders including party chief sonia gandhi and her deputy rahul gandhi.
i just saw a statement on my phone in one of the news sites saying the assam minister has denied this allegation (that rahul was allegedly stopped from entering a temple there).
the assam minister has said what their leader is saying is not correct, he said.
jaitley said: we can make political assaults on the opponents, we can make criticism but we cannot come crying everyday and say today we want to stall for reason a, tomorrow i want to stall for reason b, day after i want to stall it for reason c and some of these reasons don't exist.
my original proposal never had one per cent cess.
it's the manufacturing states which insisted and, if that's the sticking point, i can go back to manufacturing states and tell them if you suffer a loss at least one per cent tax is for two years for these two years we have already undertaken to make good all the losses that you suffer, he said.
on food inflation, he said prices of pulses is a matter of concern and the government is seriously making efforts to bring them down.
truckers proceed on a nationwide strike against toll systemnew delhi, oct 1, 2015, (pti) 11:17 isttruckers today proceeded on a nationwide indefinite strike this morning on the call of all india motor transport congress (aimtc) to protest against the present toll system.
transporters went on indefinite strike after talks between the government and aimtc delegation failed as the truckers' body said the offer of electronic-toll system by december was not practical.
however, essential commodities like milk, vegetables and medicine have been kept off the purview of the strike.
another truckers body aitwa has said that it is not joining the strike.
aimtc is demanding scrapping of toll system terming it a tool of harassment and one-time payment of taxes besides simplification of tds.
union road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari yesterday offered electronic-toll system pan-india by december to address their concerns but made it clear that scrapping of toll system is not possible.
however, aimtc president bhim wadhwa said electronic toll system offered by the highways minister is no solution as e-tolling project of the government is a failed concept.
.
.
even their pilot project has failed.
the partnering banks viz.
icici and axis bank too has distanced itself from the project.
wadhwa said one of their demands is tds provisions on transport trade to pre-finance act 2015 and the finance arunjaitley has assured them to call a meeting with chairman, cbdt.
the strike is likely to cause rs 1,500 crore losses to truckers and over rs 10,000 crore loss to government on a daily basis, wadhwa said.
asked that another body all india transport welfare association (aitwa) has not joined the strike, wadhwa said aimtc was the apex body and represented about 87 lakh trucks and 20 lakh buses and tempos.
gadkari yesterday held a detailed meeting with aimtc delegation and appealed them to call off the strike assuring an electronic toll collection system by december at all 325 toll plazas.
the government has made it clear that it was not possible to scrap toll system as per the demand of the aimtc.
gadkari assured truckers that the government would provide a wide network of good roads with no delays after the electronic toll system in which toll will be collected electronically through chips fitted in the vehicles at toll plazas.
aitwa president pradeep singhal said they will refrain from any strike.
aimtc said that it is not against toll, but the toll collection system, and has demanded barrier-free movement of vehicles as well as one-time collection of taxes.
on the other hand, indian foundation of transport research and training (iftrt) said aimtc's suggestion to have fixed annual toll was not rational.
aimtc suggestion to have fixed annual toll fee of rs 30,000 for a truck on national permit and rs 10,000 for intrastate permit vehicle needs examination as proposal is highly flawed and irrational, coordinator iftrt sp singh said.
cong protests over arunjaitley forces two adjourns in rsnew delhi, dec 22, 2015, (pti) 13:58 istcongress today continued to press for the resignation of finance minister arunjaitley in rajya sabha over alleged irregularities in delhi cricket body ddca for the second day, forcing two adjournments before noon.
slogan-shouting congress members moved to the aisles and later into the well, disrupting the proceedings.
soon after the papers were laid, deputy chairman p j kurien disallowed kumari selja (cong) from raising the issue of a ruling bjp mp levelling serious allegations against arunjaitley over the functioning of ddca.
jaitley headed ddca till 2013.
jaitley istifa do (jaitley should resign), they shouted forcing kurien to adjourn the house first till 1130 hours.
a very serious issue has come up with a member of ruling party levelling serious allegations against finance minister, she said without referring to bjp lawmaker kirti azad.
kurien disallowed her motion to suspend business to discuss the issue, saying the procedure for raising allegations against a member of the house was not followed.
i am not asking you not to raise the issue.
all i am saying is there is a procedure.
if there is an allegation against a member, you should give written intimation to the chairman, you should give written intimation to member also.
without that, you cannot raise the allegation, he said disallowing the motion.
he asked her if she had given written notice to the chairman and jaitley.
have to you done that.
you have to intimated the member, he asked.
for an allegation of incriminating nature, advance intimation has to be given.
then only such an allegation can be taken up, he said.
as kurien called for zero hour mentions, congress members moved into aisles shouting slogans.
why do you obstruct zero hour?
zero hour is time for members to raise important issues.
what is the rational of doing this i am not able to understand, he said before adjourning the house till 1130 hours.
new delhi, dec 24, 2015 (pti) 21:57 istthe executive committee of delhi and district cricket association (ddca) will explore various disciplinary measures, including issuing show cause notice to former india cricketers kirti azad and bishan singh bedi, for making corruption allegations against its former president arun jaitley.
the ddca executive committee is likely to meet tomorrow at the feroz shah kotla.
we will be exploring all possible options including issuing show notice to the two (bedi, azad) who are also voting members.
the members have taken a strong view on this matter, acting ddca president chetan chauhan today told pti.
ddca sources had earlier claimed that the executive committee was already mulling various options with regard to the former cricketers.
bjp mp azad, who has been leading a campaign against finance minister arunjaitley on alleged corruption in the ddca, was yesterday suspended by the party which charged him for anti-party activities and accused him of colluding with congress and aap to bring it into disrepute.
the action of the bjp parliamentary board to suspend him from the party's primary membership with immediate effect came three days after his press conference attacking arunjaitley and subsequent acts of defiance both inside and outside parliament.
former india captain bedi and azad have been for years carrying out a campaign targeting ddca.
new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns 2:18 istconcerned over frequent rail accidents, the government on wednesday proposed setting up of a special safety fund of rs 1 lakh crore.
this will cover upgradation of tracks, signalling, elimination of unmanned level crossings, introduction of latest technology and training of manpower.
out of the rs 20,000 crore that has to be mobilised for the safety fund, the government will provide rs 5,000 crore seed capital, while the railways has to raise the rest from its own resources.
the government will lay down clear-cut guidelines and timeline for implementing various safety works to be funded from this kosh, the minister said in the budget, adding that unmanned level crossings on broad gauge lines will be eliminated by 2020.
the finance minister also announced the plan size for the next fiscal for the railways at rs 1,31 lakh crore as against rs 1.
21 lakh crore last year.
he also said railway lines stretching 3,500 km will be commissioned in 2017-18, as against 2,800 km in 2016-17.
besides, steps will be taken to launch dedicated trains for tourism and pilgrimage.
the railways has set up joint ventures with nine state governments.
as many as 70 projects have been identified for construction and development.
at least 25 stations are expected to be awarded during 2017-18 for station redevelopment.
a total of 500 stations will be made differently-abled friendly by providing lifts and escalators.
think above politics: modi to mps over teasagar kulkarni, new delhi, oct 26, 2014, dhns: 1:16 istprime minister narendra modi on sunday exhorted mps from the ruling national democratic alliance (nda) to think above politics and ensure implementation of government schemes such as the clean india mission in their constituencies.
it was a back-to-school experience for nda mps, including bjp veteran l k advani, as modi dwelt at length over the various initiatives taken by the centre including the jan dhan yojana and saansad aadarsh gram yojana.
sunday also marked the completion of five months of modi government.
interestingly, at the high-tea hosted by modi for nda mps, the bjp made no effort to reach out to shiv sena with which it had parted ways ahead of the bitterly fought maharashtra assembly elections.
the bjp emerged as the single largest party in maharashtra, but 22 seats short of majority.
back channel talks are on with the shiv sena, which has 63 mlas, for support to form the government.
most of the 21 shiv sena mps were present at the high-tea.
let us think big.
let us think far.
let us think above politics, modi told about 400 mps gathered at his official 7, race course road residence.
keeping true to modi-style, the two-hour meeting was more business-like with ministers making presentations on the initiatives taken by them.
while finance minister arunjaitley briefed the mps about de-regulation of diesel prices, jan dhan yojana and coal and gas pricing, rural development minister nitin gadkari made a presentation on the initiative under which a mp is expected to identify a village and turn it into a model village.
labour minister narendra singh tomar made presentation on labour reforms.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu, the master of ceremonies, gave some tips on the upcoming winter session of parliament.
modi asked the mps to visit schools between november 14 and 19the birth anniversaries of late prime ministers jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhito spread the message of cleanliness and hygiene.
the meeting was like a school, where headmaster modi gave directions to mps, a parliamentarian, who attended the meeting told deccan herald.
his (modis) message is always for public good.
he told us how to serve the people as sevaks, said kirti azad, a lok sabha member from darbhanga in bihar.
modi to promote co-op federalismnew delhi, dec 7, 2014, dhns: 3:20 istthe effort to replace the planning commission is to foster cooperative federalism and in view of the changing roles of the states, prime minister narendra modi would tell the chief ministers conference on sunday.
modi is expected to communicate his belief that states have emerged over the years as growth engines and should be regarded as equal partners, according to sources.
empowering the states has been one of our critical beliefs, finance minister arunjaitley said a day before the conference.
i do hope that after tomorrows (sunday) meeting, whatever decision will be taken, probably states will be in a better position, he said at a function.
modi will tell the chief ministers that states have complained how the planpanel, which approves their annual plans, misused its discretionary powers and took biased and politically motivated decisions.
the independent evaluation office set up by the commission under ajay chibber, the stanford educated former assistant secretary of the united nations, also concluded that the plan body was getting redundant.
on sunday, planning secretary sindhushree khullar would kick-off the conference with a presentation on functions and contours of the new institution.
the chief ministers will then be asked to give their views on the points highlighted in the concept note, prepared in consultation with experts, former members and senior officials of the panel.
the new panel is expected to have eight to ten regular or executive members representing the states, while the remaining members could be drafted in from sectors like environment, finance, engineers and science.
the congress is likely to oppose the replacement of the plan panel, which it sees as an attempt by the nda government to dismantle the nehruvian legacy.
congress leader anand sharma said two days ago: we are not against restructuring of any organisation in the interest of better co-ordination or governance.
however the very agenda of the nda government seems to be killing the planning commission.
the congress high command is said to have instructed the congress chief ministers to contest the proposal, saying the government's intention was not in the spirit of good governance.
one of the congress chief ministers, keralas oommen chandy, said on the eve of the conference that any new setup should be more effective in further strengthening the centre-state relations.
modi had announced in his independence day speech that the new body would be trusted with generating ideas for growth and development based on creative thinking, public-private partnership and optimum utilisation of resources.
besides tapping the youth power, modi also envisages the new panel to promote aspirations of states seeking development.
making a brief intervention during question hour in lok sabha last week, modi had said the government was planning to involve experts and those who could provide new ideas to redefine and restructure the planning commission.
earlier, minister for planning rao inderjit singh said the planning commission has to come to grips with the emerging social realities to reinvent and make itself more relevant.
the panel should effectively align the planning process with economic reforms and its consequences, particularly for the poor, the minister said.
singh said government wishes to constantly review its planning apparatus since the role of the states and their economies have been undergoing a sea change in recent decades.
india is now an emerging economy in an increasingly globalised world.
the economy has now fundamentally changed with key sectors being open to foreign investment (leading to) the evolution of a vibrant dynamic private sector contributing substantially to growth, he said.
the state therefore has moved away from allocating government resources in a command and control ecosystem to a complex role involving mediating through policy action, creating favourable investment climate, providing public goods and essential services and direct intervention in providing social security and essential entitlements of food, health and education and livelihoods to vulnerable and marginalised groups.
modi is said to have chosen the name the policy commission (neeti aayog) for the new body, which may be headed by the prime minister as the chairmans position would be ex-officio.
new delhi, dec 28, 2015, (pti) 19:22 istthe bjp today gloated over congress's embarrassment following publication of articles critical of jawaharlal nehru and sonia gandhi in its mouthpiece, saying the truth it had been hiding has come out.
rubbing salt in the wound of former congress mp sanjay nirupam, who is the editor of the journal, union minister prakash javadekar congratulated him and quipped he was known for such write-ups when he was the editor of the hindi edition shiv sena mouthpiece 'dopahar ka saamana'.
nirupam, who was in sena before he joined congress, is also the president of mumbai regional congress committee, which publishes the magazine 'congress darshan'.
though initially nirupam sought to wash his hands off the controversy by claiming he had nothing to do with the articles, he later admitted the mistake and sacked the editorial content in-charge.
the congress journal which is named congress darshan should be called 'satyarth darshan' (sight of truth).
it is significant that it has come on the 131st foundation day of the party.
sardar patel had maximum support in congress to become the prime minister but gandhiji proposed nehru and kept patel at a bay.
patel merged 562 provinces into india and nehru was in charge of only kashmir and it remains a problem.
patel had warned about china's betrayal on tibet.
.
.
this is not bjp or javadekar saying so but the mouthpiece of congress.
what congress had been hiding has come out.
i congratulate sanjay nirupam, javadekar told a press conference.
he wondered if nirupam had done a copy-and-paste work by lifting some article he might have written for saamana earlier.
congress has also confessed, he said referring to the second of the two controversial articles, that sonia gandhi's father was with fascist forces and that she did not become an indian citizen for long after marriage and was then made the party president in 62 days after enrolling as its member.
congress should give clarification and gandhi too should offer some, he said.
as congress sacked the content editor, bjp secretary shrikant sharma mocked it, saying it showed the party's intolerance against truth as most of what had appeared was a matter of fact.
javadekar quoted from the write-up, which criticised nehru's kashmir and china policies, while lavishing praise on patel, as he sought to further embarrass congress.
congress mouthpiece would never write about patel.
and now when it has written, it has written only truth, he said, claiming that leaders outside nehru-gandhi family like p v narasimha rao, lal bahadur shastri besides patel never got justice from it, a party of one family.
he also took a swipe at congress vice president rahul gandhi after he said on twitter that he was going to europe for a few days, the first time that he has gone public about a trip abroad.
he should have been more elaborate.
bjp has targeted rahul in the past over his private foreign trips.
shrikant sharma, who is also head of bjp's media cell, said congress's against the content editor of the mouthpiece showed that it does not want to be told the truth, alleging that this mindset had prevailed in the party since emergency.
javadekar also attacked delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal after the latter asked finance minister arunjaitley to cooperate with the commission of inquiry ordered by his government into the affairs of ddca.
he has to stage some drama every day.
he can also (question) obama.
the centre is not against any commission but only what is permitted under rules and regulations will happen, the bjp leader said.
in varanasi, arunjaitley to reach out to trading communityvaranasi, mar 3, 2017, dhns: 0:59 istthe bjp has deployed finance minister arunjaitley to reach out to the trading community in prime minister narendra modis constituency of varanasi.
jaitley, in his bid to assuage the feelings of traders, ploughed through encouraging latest gdp growth figures to argue that demonetisation has expanded the social base of the party and busted the myth created by the opposition that note ban has hit the poor hard and made the countrys economy sluggish.
varanasi is also home to a large numbers of traders, essentially saree business, and note ban had impacted the weavers as payments are mainly made through cash.
people had said the economy will become sluggish and it will impact the gdp.
but thats not the case.
in november and december, i had said that revenue figures are showing increase in excise and vat collections.
despite the currency squeeze, the gdp figures have improved.
hinting that note ban has helped the bjp to consolidate the votes of non-yadav most backward castes, the union minister stressed that the partys traditional voters continued to remain with it and new people were joining in.
we have not seen this kind of expansion in so many decades, he remarked.
jaitley quoted the recent civic poll results in maharashtra and odisha to insist that people in some states have already given their mandate in favour of note ban.
we won in slums where the bjp does not get votes.
hrithik kiran bagade bengaluru: feb 2, 2017, dhns 2:33 istthe announcements made by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech, meant to boost transport infrastructure in the country, have been hailed by industry players.
welcoming the move to improve road connectivity, aurvind lama, co-founder and ceo of travelyaari, said, the budget brought in a progressive outlook with due importance given to infrastructure development.
the investment proposed in building national highways along with developing the road network is a welcome step, especially for players like us in the bus industry, and will greatly benefit travel and tourism.
the union budget, which for the first time integrated the railway budget into its documents, brought out a slew of novel measures to improve rail infrastructure and connectivity.
india has a vast railway network and the budget acknowledges its strength.
a significant development is the emphasis on safety and sanitation by introducing bio-toilets, which will increase passenger comfort.
it is also encouraging to note the measures that will be incorporated to make the railways friendlier for the disabled, said thomas cook (india) coo mahesh iyer, lauding the governments plans.
echoing a similar sentiment, but this time in the realm of civil aviation, deloitte india partner peeyush naidu said, awarding of operations and management of airports in tier ii cities on public-private-partnership mode is a welcome move as it will help create a roadmap for private sector participation in airports in the country and in improving the operations at these airports.
also, amending the airport authority act to allow for land monetisation is a step in the right direction.
it will help boost the non-aeronautical revenues of airports and improve their viability.
travkart co-founder gursahib singh sethi hailed the announcement for increase in rail connectivity to remote areas and upgradation of airports in tier ii cities.
a huge number of people will be able to travel smoothly from smaller towns and cities, he said.
however, it is surprising that the government omitted ports and shipping from this years budget.
new delhi,feb 2, 2017, dhns 0:58 istgovt's new initiative expected to reduce costs for developers, also attract investorsaimed at boosting investment in the real estate sector, the government on wednesday announced infrastructure status for affordable housing.
this was a long-pending demand of the sector.
as the nda government has been pushing prime minister narendra modis pet project of providing about 20 million houses across india by 2020, the new status is expected to reduce costs for developers and attract investors.
now the government would need to define affordable housing or low-cost housing.
the government has also to ensure that funds from these projects cannot be withdrawn before completion of the project.
the national housing bank will refinance individual housing loans of about rs 20,000 crore in 2017-18.
thanks to the surplus liquidity created by demonetisation, the banks have already started reducing their lending rates, including for housing, the minister said.
to promote affordable homes, the government also proposed to amend section 80-iba of income tax act, relaxing the condition of period of completion of the project for claiming deduction from the current three to five years.
stating that affordable housing is one of the thrust areas of tax proposals, he said, in my budget proposals last year, i had announced a scheme for profit-linked income-tax exemption for promoters of affordable housing schemes, which has received a very good response.
to make this scheme more attractive, arunjaitley proposed certain changes.
instead of a built-up area of 30 and 60 sqm, carpet area of 30 and 60 sqm will be calculated.
besides, the 30 sqm limit will apply only in municipal limits of four metropolitan cities, while in rest of the country, including peripheral areas of metros, 60 sqm limit will apply.
in order to be eligible, the project was to be completed in three years after commencement.
i propose to extend this period to five years, the minister said.
the government also announced tax sops for builders sitting on huge unsold stock amid multi-year slowdown in the real estate sector, particularly the housing segment.
at present, the houses which are unoccupied after getting completion certificates are subjected to tax on notional rental income.
coal ordinance to help plants, banks, staffnew delhi, oct 20, 2014, dhns: 1:26 istthe centres decision to promulgate an ordinance to facilitate allocation of coal blocks through e-auction for private companies and allot mines directly to state and central psus came as a huge relief to several firms and its employees.
uncertainty loomed over the fate of a number of end-user power, steel and cement plants and their employees as the supreme court, cancelling 214 coal blocks, refused to spare the 42 functioning mines.
several banks were also worried about growing non-performing assets as they have given over rs 3 lakh crore loan to these firms.
earlier, the apex court de-allocated mines, including those allotted to states on the grounds that only the centre and its entities can mine coal under the coal mining nationalisation (cmn) act.
the judgment had once again made it clear that only the union government and its entities can mine coal as per the existing cmn act.
as amending the cmn act will take time, the centre decided to promulgate an ordinance to facilitate the early allocation of blocks to private firms as well as state run firms to prevent them from shutting down or resorting to import to meet fuel demand, sources told deccan herald.
though the supreme court had asked the centre to allow coal india limited (cil) to take over the 42 functioning mines after march 30, 2015, the ministry of coal was not ready to depend on the state run company as it is struggling to meet the existing demand.
in 2013-14, cil output stood at 566 million tonne, while demand was over 720 million tonne.
at present, cil has around 200 mines which is yet to start mining.
by announcing allocation of blocks through e-auction, the centre also set the motion for commercial mining by indicating its intention to amend the provisions of the cmn act.
by allowing commercial mining, the centre expects flow of funds and exploitation of large scale domestically available natural resources by reducing the dependence on imports, sources said.
i-t dept warns against cash deals of rs 2 lakh or moredh news service, new delhi, jun 3 2017, 1:50 istthe income tax (i-t) department on friday sought tip-offs on cash dealings of rs 2 lakh or more.
issuing an advertisement in leading dailies, it asked people having knowledge of such dealings to tip-off the tax department by sending an email to blackmoneyinfo@incometax.gov.
in.
it warned those engaging in cash transactions of rs 2 lakh or more, saying anyone found violating the norms will have to pay an equal amount as penalty.
from april 1, 2017, cash transactions of rs 2 lakh or more stood banned after the enactment of the finance act 2017.
the newly inserted section 269st in the income tax act bans such cash dealings on a single day, in respect of a single transaction or transactions relating to one event or occasion from an individual.
contravention of section 269st would entail levy of 100  penalty on the receiver of the amount, the department said.
in the 2017-18 budget, arunjaitley had proposed to ban cash transactions of over rs 3 lakh.
this limit was lowered to rs 2 lakh as an amendment to the finance bill, which was passed by the lok sabha in march.
the restriction is not applicable to any receipt by the government, banking company, post office savings bank or co-operative bank, the department said.
the government had come out with a tax amnesty scheme pradhan mantri garib kalyan yojana (pmgky)  under which people holding unaccounted cash could come clean by declaring their wealth and pay 50  as tax and penalty.
however, a day ago, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia admitted that the response to pmgky has not been so good as only rs 5,000 crore unaccounted income was declared under the scheme.
stepping up pressure on the centre, rahul gandhi today said he will continue to fight till it rolls back the proposal for levying tax on epf withdrawals.
this prime minister allows thieves to turn their black money into white under the recent budget's 'fair and lovely scheme', but taxes the life-long savings of the honest salaried class, the congress vice president said addressing an election rally.
gandhi said that he would continue to fight for the salaried class and put pressure on the government which works for a selected group of industrialists and those with black money.
i had said in the media and also to the prime minister not to tax the salaried class on their honest savings and do something about it.
but in his one-hour speech in parliament on thursday, there was not a single mention about this, he said.
finance minister arunjaitley in the 2016-17 budget has proposed that 60 per cent of withdrawal from contribution to epf made after april 1 this year will be subject to tax.
the proposal has drawn flak from parties, unions and other quarters.
attacking the prime minister, gandhi accused him of playing fraud on the people by failing to fulfill his poll promises and said those who voted for him are now seeking refund.
i'll continue to pressurise this government as it is not the government of the honest working class.
.
.
it is not the government of poor farmers, backward classes, youths, women, dalit, adivasis and minorities, he said.
the congress vice president, on a two-day visit to the state from yesterday, earlier undertook a six-km padayatra from shahid bhawan in nagaon to borghat.
gandhi said that in parliament he had asked modi four questions on his promises of bringing back black money and depositing rs 15 lakh in everybody's bank account, the recent budget proposal of turning black money to white, rohith vemula's suicide, kanhaiya kumar and jnu and finally about the number of youths employed as a result of his 'make in india' scheme.
have i asked anything wrong?
did i say anything personal?
modiji, in his hour-long speech, instead of giving a reply to these questions, quoted former prime ministers jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi and launched a personal attack on me, gandhi said at the election meeting.
the prime minister's post is very dignified and he should not have made personal attacks, but i did not mind.
he does not give answers, but only makes promises which are hollow, he said.
on the jnu row, the congress vice-president said bjp cannot be allowed to play with the future of 8000 students of jnu and his party is with them.
the government slapped sedition charges on jnusu president kanhaiya kumar and put him in jail.
but i listened to his 20-minute speech and there is not a single word against the country, he said.
gandhi, quoting a story of a friend who had ordered a computer from an online shopping website but received a parcel with a log of wood inside, alleged that the country was also faced with a similar situation.
people were lured by modi's false and hollow promises and just like my friend who is now engaged in getting the amount refunded, the people of the country are also asking for a refund, he said,.
referring to assam, where two-phase polls will be held on april 4 and 11, he praised chief minister tarun gogoi and the people of the state for bringing back peace and development in the state during the last 15 years.
bjp under modi believes in creating terror.
in haryana, there was peace for the last 10 years but they came to power and the state was set on fire.
wherever they go, they create tension and make people fight, gandhi alleged.
he said the upa government had given rs 5,000 crore to assam under the special category status, but the bjp government snatched it away along with the north east industrial policy.
govt to give entire black money list to sc todaynew delhi, oct 28, 2014, dhns: 0:52 istjaitley mum on whether names will be made publicresponding to the supreme courts directive to the centre to disclose names of all the account holders in the black money case, union finance minister arunjaitley put up a brave face, saying that the government has no problem in disclosing the names.
the government has no difficulty in placing the entire list and the same will be placed before the court tomorrow (wednesday), he said.
jaitley said the list will be given to the supreme court in a sealed envelope.
the government has already given the list to the court constituted special investigating team on june 27.
the government is keen that by whatever procedure in accordance with law we must get to the root of the matter, he said.
however, he did not say whether the government is ready to make the names public.
the government is also keen that the procedure followed must be such that the reciprocating countries continue to cooperate with india, he added.
jaitleys statement came as the supreme courts directive was seen as pulling up the centre for seeking modification of its order on black money on disclosing names of account holders in foreign banks.
ex-solicitor general to head probe into ddcanew delhi, dec 20, 2015, (ians) 19:56 istthe delhi government said on sunday that former solicitor general gopal subramanium will head a commission of enquiry to probe the affairs of the delhi cricket board.
chief minister arvind kejriwal tweeted that the government had written to subramanium to head the commission into the working of the delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
subramaniam agrees to chair the commission of enquiry on ddca scam, the chief minister later said.
the aam aadmi party has accused finance minister arunjaitley , who for years headed the ddca, of corruption in the cricketing board.
jaitley has denied the charges.
kejriwal should have checked kumar's antecedents: hazaremumbai, dec 16, 2015 (pti) 18:15 istarvind kejriwal should have checked the antecedents of his principal secretary rajender kumar, whose office was yesterday raided by cbi over alleged graft, social activist anna hazare said today amid the face-off between the centre and delhi chief minister on the issue.
instead of fending off allegations now, kejriwal should have checked his background earlier.
arvind has always been fighting against corruption and i have always told him to have people of good character around him, hazare, once a mentor to the delhi cm, told reporters at his native place ralegan siddhi.
kejriwal should have done a background check on rajender and found out about his character and his position in society earlier, hazare said.
hazare, however, questioned the timing of the raid.
kejriwal and bjp are blaming each other over the cbi raid on rajenders office and the checking of files in kejriwals chambers.
but my question is over the timing of this entire incident.
cbi has had this case for so long and the bjp has been in power for one-and-a-half-years and they did not think of doing this before.
action should have been taken the moment the problem was discovered, he said.
the office of kejriwal's principal secretary wasraided by cbi yesterday in a corruption case triggering a fresh face-off between the aap and centre and a vicious political slugfest in which the aap chief lashed out at prime minister narendra modi, calling him coward and a psychopath.
kejriwal claimed his office too was raided, a charge denied by cbi as well as finance minister arunjaitley in rajya sabha where the opposition created an uproar.
the chief minister claimed he was in fact the target of the raid and kumar was just an excuse.
bjp plans massive campaign in poll-bound bengalkolkata, jan 9, 2016 (pti) 20:03 istahead of the assembly polls in west bengal, the bjp has chalked out a programme to launch a massive campaign in the state by its central leadership.
union ministers nitin gadkari, rajnath singh, smriti irani and party president amit shah will hold rallies across the state this month, party sources said.
the campaign would start with union road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari's rally at malda in north bengal on january 18, while union home minister rajnath singh will hold a public meeting on january 21 at barasat near kolkata.
union hrd minister smriti irani would address a rally at burdwan on january 22, which will be followed by the rally of party president amit shah at howrah on january 25.
the party would also organise processions, meetings and other modes of campaign statewide soon, the sources said.
launching of the campaign by bjp senior leaders followed union finance minister arun jaitley's meeting with state leaders yesterday.
on the other hand, the ruling tmc is trying to chart out its (own) course, arunjaitley added referring to the other major political force in bengal.
jaitley had hinted that bjp's policies on economic development and party's views to prevent infiltration into the state, besides no compromise with 'anti-national elements', could be party's key focus area in the state.
jaitley to launch aeronautical test range in karnataka tomorrowpress trust of india, bengaluru, may 27 2017, 17:46 istarun arunjaitley will inaugurate the atr in chitradurga.
the facility is going to be used to test aricraft developed in india.
photo credit: pti.
the rs 1,300 crore aeronautical test range (atr) set up in chitradurga in karnataka for testing unmanned and manned aircraft being developed locally, would be inaugurated by defence minister arunjaitley tomorrow.
the project at challakere in chitradurga, about 250 km from bengaluru, has been planned and conceived by the aeronautical development establishment (ade) here in collaboration with other defence research and development organisation (drdo) labs.
the karnataka government had allotted 4,290 acres for the atr project taken up with the objective of building necessary infrastructure for testing and evaluating unmanned and manned aircraft being undertaken by aeronautic cluster labs in the drdo, officials said.
the drdo in november last year had successfully carried out the maiden-flight of tapas 201 (rustom-ii), a medium altitude long endurance (male) uav at the atr in challakere.
according to officials, the current length of the runway at the atr is 2.
2 km.
it would be extended to 3.
2 km in the due course, so that it can be used for testing of bigger aircraft like aew&cs (airborne early warning & control systems) aircraft meant for surveillance and intelligence gathering, which has been inducted into indian air force.
apart from drdo, the multi-agency mega complex at challakere will also house facilities of bhabha atomic research centre (barc), indian space research organisation (isro) and the indian institute of science.
defeat in delhi polls will not slow down eco reforms: jaitleynew delhi, feb 12, 2015 (pti) 15:56 istthe defeat of the bjp in the delhi assembly elections will not slow down the pace of economic reforms, finance minister arunjaitley asserted today.
in his first comments after the near-whitewash of his party in the delhi polls, he said the government was determined to go ahead on the path of economic reforms.
the fact that four (state assembly) elections have been won and one has not been won is absolutely no ground for believing that there will be any slowdown on the path which we have undertaken, he said while addressing a joint press conference with us treasury secretary jacob lew at the end of 5th indo-us economic and financial partnership meeting.
jaitley's comments assume significance against the backdrop of experts raising questions whether the government would resort to populism in the wake of electoral reverse.
the kind of reforms that the government has been undertaking, he said, would bring in investment, generate jobs, improve the quality of life of people and also help in alleviating poverty.
jaitley is scheduled to present his first full budget for 2015-16 on february 28 which among other things will unveil government's strategy to boost economic growth.
the bjp suffered a crushing defeat in the delhi assembly election winning only three out of the 70 seats.
ever since its spectacular victory in the may parliament elections, the bjp notched power in haryana, maharashtra, jharkhand and emerged the second largest party in jammu and kashmir.
since coming to power in may last, the government has taken a slew of economic reforms, especially easing of the foreign investment norms.
congress has said even trinity of gods cannot make gst happen soon.
god's don't vote in parliament but mps do.
shrinking strength of congress in the rajya sabha can make it happen, the finance minister told reporters here.
he said congress would loose on numbers in the next round of bi-annual elections for the rajya sabha and even the number of their nominated supporters in the house would come down.
congress leader anand sharma had recently said the april 1, 2016 deadline for rolling out goods and services tax (gst) would not be met even if the trinity of gods - brahma, vishnu and mahesh - descend on earth because the government was yet to complete preparatory work for the new indirect tax regime.
the constitution amendment bill to roll out gst is stuck in the rajya sabha where the ruling nda does not have a majority of its own.
the bill is being opposed by congress although many other opposition parties are on board.
congress is seeking three changes in the bill, including a constitutional cap on the gst rate, to support it.
jaitley said most of the states are on board for gst and it is possible to implement gst even in the middle of the year.
a part of obstructionism (on part of congress) was to stop growth.
otherwise there cannot be volte face of this kind and secondly you cannot concoct those three reasons which never existed.
there is a serious ideological gap between the high command and mid-command.
there seems to have an ideological gap because the mid-command in the congress always embarrassingly implemented the direction of the high command, jailtey said.
he added: ultimately, in the congress party high command has its way.
the other two changes sought by congress in the gst bill are removal of one per cent additional tax on inter-state transfer of goods and a supreme court judge headed dispute resolution panel.
jaitley's car separated from convoy on way to dalmiya's housekolkata, sept 26, 2015, (pti) 17:33 ista communication gap between kolkata police and security accompanying union finance minister arunjaitley today led his car to be separated from the convoy on way to former bcci president jagmohan dalmiya's house in the city.
the convoy began journey from n s c bose international airport after arunjaitley boarded his car on way to dalmiya's house to meet his family members, a senior city police officer said.
accordingly, the special branch, wireless and all police stations through which the convoy was scheduled to pass were informed.
but after the convoy left behind ajc bose road flyover, the minister's car suddenly deviated from the route and took a turn towards raj bhavan.
the convoy, however, followed the route set for it and by then took a turn towards alipore road on way to dalmiya's house, he said.
it was the vvip who had decided suddenly to go to raj bhavan first before proceeding towards dalmiya's house.
the city police special branch (sb) sources said the communication could not be maintained perhaps because of the jammer in the convoy.
however, the pilot car later returned to raj bhavan and took the minister to dalmiya's house at 10 alipore road over half-an-hour behind scedule.
dalmiya died in a city hospital on sunday after suffering a massive cardiac arrest.
nda strategy meeting on nov 24new delhi, nov 21, 2015, dhns: 1:05 istnda leaders will hold their strategy session two days before parliament begins its winter session next thursday, as it expects to confront a resurgent opposition raring to attack the government.
the session, scheduled for november 18, had to be postponed following the death of vhp leader ashok singhal.
with the previous parliamentary session being a washout, the government is keen on seeking the oppositions cooperation in passing key legislations like the gst bill to push forward the economic reforms.
finance minister arunjaitley had personal meetings with congress leaders sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and manmohan singh as he invited them for his daughters wedding, to ensure congress support for the smooth conduct of parliament.
bjp sources said the government is also considering an all-party meet to reach out to the opposition and ensure passage of key legislations.
congress is believed to have told the government that it would cooperate with passing the gst if the key sections of the bill originally conceived by the upa government are retained.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan has also called an all-party meeting a day before the start of the session to ensure agitating members do not disrupt the business the way they did last session.
the winter session will begin with a special two-day sitting to commemorate adoption of the constitution on november 26, 1949.
smart city in tumkur, textile cluster in mysorenew delhi, july 10, 2014, dhns: 2:10 ista smart city in tumkur, textile park in mysore and upgradation of the biotechnology park in bangalore are some of the proposals made by the modi government for karnataka.
the karnataka government had been pushing the centre for reputable institutions to enable local students to pursue higher education.
the master plan is expected to be ready by the end of the current financial year.
he also said that the perspective plan for the bangalore-mumbai economic corridor would be completed in this fiscal itself.
moreover, a new textile mega cluster will come up in mysore, he said.
apart from announcing the setting up of a new debt recovery tribunal in bangalore, the minister also proposed to upgrade the biotechnology cluster in the city and bring it on a par with international standards.
this will include global partnerships in accessing model-organism resources for disease biology, stem cell biology and high-end electron microscopy, he said.
road transport sector open to private playersajith athrady new delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns 0:47 istaiming to provide better public transport system, finance minister arunjaitley on monday said road transport sector will be opened to private sector and entrepreneurs will be able to operate buses on various routes.
the government will enact necessary amendments in the motor vehicles act and open the road transport sector in the passenger segment, he said in budget speech.
an enabling eco-system will be provided for the states which will have the choice of adopting the new legal framework.
entrepreneurs will be able to operate buses on various routes, subject to certain efficiency and safety norms, he said.
passenger traffic on our roads has to be made more efficient for the benefit of the common man and the middle class.
this is a totally unreformed sector which suffers from several impediments.
abolition of permit-raj will be our medium-term goal, he added.
big name in black money not to shame cong, says pcnew delhi:oct 24, 2014, dhns: 2:24 istamid the brewing controversy over naming persons with undeclared money stashed in foreign banks, the congress on friday said it would not be embarrassed if a big name from the party makes it to the dubious list.
breaking his silence on the issue, former finance minister p chidambaram distanced the congress from the row, dubbing black money as individual transgressions.
you cannot link the congress to individual leaders with swiss accounts, he said in an interview to ndtv.
whatever name is there will embarrass the individual, the party won't be.
these are individual transgressions, said chidambaram, a senior spokesperson of the congress.
in the final days of the upa government, the finance ministry helmed by chidambaram had submitted a list of 18 indian nationals having bank accounts in european tax haven liechtenstein, to the supreme court.
however, the upa government had requested the apex court to keep the list confidential as it had been obtained after giving a sovereign undertaking (to the provider) to keep it so till the charges are proved.
a fresh controversy erupted this month after the modi government reiterated the upa stand and urged the court to keep the list secret.
the congress launched an offensive, taunting the modi government for reneging on its poll promise to bring black money back to the country within 100 days of coming to power.
finance minister arunjaitley had hit back at the congress saying it would be embarrassed if the list of black money holders was made public as a big name from the opposition party figured in it.
the purpose of jaitleys comment was to move from black money to blackmail, just release the name, chidambaram said.
the congress has said the government must steer clear of vindictiveness and selective leakage of names and release the entire list.
there are reports that the big name referred to by arunjaitley was a minister in the upa government.
issue raises stink in ndamarch 02, 2016, new delhi, dhns 2:00 istthe disquiet over provident fund withdrawal spilled over to nda parliamentary party, with some alliance partners arguing that the proposed epf tax was injustice to employees.
finance minister arunjaitley explained that the restriction was essentially to draw investors towards pooling pension fund.
rss-backed bharatiya majdoor sangh and other employees union termed it as an attack on the working class and a clear case of double taxation.
since then the government has come up with clarifications on the issue and a possibility of a partial roll back was not ruled out.
ndas maharastra-based ally republican party of india (athawale) leader ramdas athawale raised his concern at the meeting in parliament that was chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
the finance minister, who had narrated highlights of his budget to the parliamentarians, clarified the provident fund issue by stating that interest on 60   withdrawal of pf amount would be taxed and insisted that it was aimed at as an incentive to accumulate pension fund for better retired life, sources present at the meeting said.
it is learnt that arunjaitley has informally conveyed to leaders of major political parties what the proposal was all about to sort out confusion prevailing since last afternoons announcement in the lok sabha.
dissentanother nda partner shiv senas mp arvind sawant did not hide his partys feeling on the fate of 3.
70 crore employees having epf account.
the epf tax is injustice to employees across all sectors and we will oppose this on the floor of the house, sawant commented.
staunchly opposing the move, sawant said that the modi government has to roll the restriction of provident fund back.
a senior union minister aware of the developments said that a clarification will be placed in parliament to settle the matter.
lucknow, dec 18, 2015 (ians) 15:38 istyoga guru baba ramdev on friday slammed delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal for levelling charges against union finance minister arun jaitley.
talking to reporters here after inaugurating a mega store of 'patanjali' products, ramdev said arunjaitley is not only known across india for his acumen but also for his immaculate image and honesty.
ramdev also targeted kejriwal for siding with a tainted bureaucrat, saying by doing so he proved that there was something fishy, prompting the central bureau of investigation (cbi) raids on his principal secretary rajendra kumar.
there is no smoke without fire, the yoga guru said, alluding to the graft charges slapped on the senior indian administrative service official.
he also pointed out kejriwal lowered dignity of the chief minister's office by doing so.
asked to comment on the intolerance debate, ramdev said he found it to be false and unsubstantiated.
there is no such environment in the country and some people are using it to vitiate the peaceful atmosphere in the country.
having been in the forefront of the campaign to 'bring black money back' from abroad, ramdev admitted the pace of getting the ill-gotten money stashed abroad in banks was slow, but he said he had no doubt about the intent and ability of prime minister narendra modi and his government to do so.
ubi: many questions unansweredbhaskar parichha, march 29, 2017 0:03 istthe idea behind ubi is simple: a regular state payment to all citizens, regardless of working status.
the economic survey placed ahead of the union budget had talked about rolling out a universal basic income (ubi).
that is a radical idea for tackling poverty.
it said the scheme would nearly wipe out poverty although there are considerable implementation challenges.
it called for more pilot trials before rolling out ubi nationally.
the idea behind ubi, which is generating interest in countries like usa and france, is simple: a regular state payment to all citizens, regardless of working status.
according to chief economic adviser arvind subramanian, the ubi would promote social justice and empower the country's poor.
he estimates that the scheme would reduce nationwide poverty to 0.
5  and cost between 4-5  of gdp.
while that might sound expensive, the survey noted that indias current welfare schemes like subsidies for food, fuel, and fertiliser, cost around 5  of annual gdp.
another argument is that ubi would be easier to implement than the current anti-poverty programmes, which are riddled with corruption.
in a country of over 1.
2 billion people, the task of identifying who is and isn't in need of financial assistance is certainly messy and improvident.
yet, experts argue that something like a ubi could theoretically solve this problem.
with the implementation of dbt (direct benefit transfer) and circumventing multiple layers of bureaucracy, the scope of financial leakage will be lower as we have seen in the case of lpg subsidy.
one strong argument in favour of ubi is that it is widespread in nature.
the other argument is it doesnt end the responsibility of the government.
while many support ubi, there is some nagging doubts still, particularly its implementation.
some economists opine that instead of ubi, the mnrega should be strengthened and the delivery system be made more foolproof.
besides being a universal employment guarantee scheme, mnrega has the ability to filter out the needy from the privileged.
also, it automatically excludes those who cant accomplish heavy manual work.
in that sense, ubi has to side with mnrega.
experts agree that ubi cant be implemented in isolation and it has to fall back on the existing poverty-alleviation n schemes.
as for investment, it is estimated that to implement ubi the government has to spend 10  of the gdp.
where from this money will come?
moreover, the proposed ubi is using old data: numbers that were assembled some 20 years ago when non-merit subsidy (subsidy that benefitted individuals without any social impact) was 10  of the gdp.
those times are already gone.
to fund ubi, some economists propose a cut in 'revenue forgone' (renamed 'revenue impact of tax incentives') which is a staggering rs 6.
11 lakh crore.
in 2015-16, the centre lost this potential tax revenue due to various exemptions, concessions, rebates etc, given to sections of taxpayers excluding export promotion-related concessions amounting to an additional rs 50,938 crore.
similarly, direct tax concessions worth rs 68,711 crore were given to corporate bodies last fiscal.
but the question is: why will the industry give up this concession?
another niggling question is, even if 5-10  of gdp is available to fund ubi, why shouldnt it be invested in sectors like healthcare where the investments are abysmally low.
subsidy programmesto make ubi more focused and in order to make a start, some economists have proposed to bring the two important subsidy programmes under its ambit: pension presently given to widows, disabled and the old.
some 2.
5 crore people have been benefited by this scheme who get between rs 200 and rs 1,400 per month.
the other subsidy programme is the proposed rs 6,000 incentive to be given to every new born under the national food security act.
to the extent that working women in organised sectors avail four months maternity leave with pay, those who are in the unorganised sector getting rs 6,000 inducement for the new born and the post-natal mother care is defensible.
these two subsidy schemes are very much under ubi excepting that they are for the targeted few.
another advantage of ubi is that the numbers can be easily arrived at for all the four categories  old, widow, disabled, post-natal mother.
also, they belong to the poor and the deprived segment.
in terms of volumes, the total outgo will be around rs 1.
56 lakh crores per annum which is a mere 1.
5  of the gdp.
as far as implementation goes, these subsidies can go to the right people and the success can be seen visibly.
all the incentives will go through the bank and there are lesser chances of pilferage.
by universalising the old-widow-disabled pension, there wont be additional burden on the exchequer and, so, the universal basic income concept can be a happy augury.
in the budget for 2017-18, finance minister arunjaitley has been down to business to provide job- growth and reassuring the modi governments development agenda.
half the way through the nda governments term, jobs and growth have not been visible and demonetisation has given a big blow to work and earning.
surely, ubi can a comforting balm if implemented with sincerity.
tn floods: jayalalithaa seeks rs 25,912 crore for restoration workchennai, dec 22, 2015, (pti) 17:14 istwith the unprecedented deluge leaving a trail of destruction and devastation in tamil nadu, chief minister j jayalalithaa today sought central assistance of rs 25,912 crore towards restoration, saying it was 'difficult' for state government to meet the costs, especially after suffering 'huge loss' of central tax devolution.
in a letter to prime minister narendra modi, she said her government was committed to rebuilding infrastructure and reducing the distress caused to people due to floods by providing 'gratuitous relief' for affected families.
these costs are very large and it is very difficult for the government of tamil nadu to meet the cost, particularly after the huge loss of central tax devolution and transfers suffered by the state consequent on the 14th finance commission's recommendations, she said.
the cm recalled that her government had earlier submitted a memorandum totalling the losses suffered at rs 8,481 crore in november, following which a central team had also visited tamil nadu to make on-spot assessment.
however, the fourth and most severe spell of rainfall was received after the team's visit, she said,referring to the heavy downpour on december 1,which resulted in severe flooding of chennai, kancheepuram and tiruvallur districts even as cuddalore had also been affected.
we have now prepared the supplementary memorandum which reflects damages caused during the fourth spell of rainfall and the consequent floods in the first week of december 2015.
tamil nadu immediately needs an additional sum of rs 17,431.
51 crore for temporary and permanent restoration, she said.
with the government now preparing a supplementary memorandum the state will need a total sum of rs 25,912.
45 crore, including the earlier rs 8,481 crore, for relief and restoration efforts, she told modi.
i request you to kindly instruct the ministry of home affairs and the other concerned ministries to expeditiously consider our two memoranda for assistance on account of flood damages and devastation and release the necessary funds at the earliest to meet the state government's requirement of rs 25,912.
45 crore, she urged modi.
referring to her plea for an immediate release of rs 2,000 crore made with union finance minister arunjaitley here on sunday to sustain the vigour of restoration operations, she urged the prime minister to instruct the finance ministry to expedite its release.
new delhi: feb 1, 2017, dhns 1:43 istthis years economic survey has suggested a cut in tax rates to reverse the decline in growth caused by demonetisation.
presented in parliament on tuesday, the document for 2016-17 said growth in the current fiscal was likely to decelerate to 6.
5  from the earlier projection of 7.
1 .
policy support in the budget, scheduled for wednesday, could help the growth return to between 6.
75  and 7.
5  in 2017-18, it noted.
comparing demonetisation to a stick, the survey said the government should use gst, lower taxes and better tax implementation as carrots to complement it.
the follow-up actions to minimise the costs and maximise the benefits include fast, demand-driven remonetisation, (and) further tax reforms, the survey, presented in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley , said.
the survey recommends bringing land and real estate under gst.
it also advocates a reduction in stamp duties and corporate tax, and says the government must allay anxieties about over-zealous tax administration.
the government should think of universal basic income (ubi), the survey says, describing it as the fastest way to reduce poverty.
for 2017-18, the survey strikes a note of caution on inflation that could be caused by higher crude prices.
oil price rise to $60-65 per barrel could lead to reduction in consumption in india, less room for public investment and lower corporate margins, thereby further denting private investment, it warned.
budget 'mere rhetoric' without any vision: oppositionnew delhi, feb 29, 2016 (pti): 19:04 istopposition today dubbed as mere rhetoric projection of the budget as pro-poor and said government will not be able to fool farmers with hollow promises.
predictably, bjp hailed the budget calling its measures for rural india historic.
in a sharp attack on the government, congress said it has failed to create an immediate stimulus to address economic challenges including employment generation with former prime minister manmohan singh holding that it lacked any big idea.
asserting that the budget was short of both vision and conviction, party vice president rahul gandhi said a list of new promises have been made without any account of the failure of tall promises made in last two budgets.
modiji spent the first two years mocking the congress party's focus on farmers, mnrega, rural dev & social spending.
now mere rhetoric, without vision or action, will fool neither farmers nor the poor of this country, gandhi tweeted.
he, however, thanked finance minister arunjaitley for accepting his recommendation on removing import duty on braille paper which will help the visually impaired.
criticising the budget, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said it was full of hollow promises and will burden commoners who will feel the pinch of hike in indirect tax.
as with the previous two budgets, this budget of the modi govt is again full of hollow promises and slogans.
the numbers just don't add up.
fm says budget is about fulfilling 'desires & dreams' but it has no vision.
the dead certainty from it is of a shrinking economy, yechury said in a series of tweets.
on his part, bjp chief amit shah praised the budget saying its focus on rural india and farmers besides other measures were historic.
shah asserted that this is the first budget since independence that has focused so much on villages, farmers and poor.
the thrust of the budget is towards strengthening rural and agriculture sectors and boosting employment-generation.
.
.
.
there is a lot of focus on agriculture.
there is a proposal to double farmers' income by 2022, shah told reporters.
he cited the allocation of rs 2.
70 lakh crore to local bodies, decision to electrify all villages by may 01, 2018 and allocation of over rs 19,000 crore for pradham mantri gram sadak yojna to emphasise the focus on rural india.
national conference leader and former chief minister of jammu and kashmir omar abdullah tweeted by not focusing the benefits of #unionbudget2016 on the #suitboot people @arunjaitley has cleverly made the opposition's job a bit tougher.
new delhi, sep 9, 2015 (pti) 15:35 istgovernment today decided not to hold special session of parliament to pass the constitution amendment bill for rolling out gst and will recommend to the president to prorogue the monsoon session.
the government was keen on special session to obtain parliament's nod for the constitution amendment bill on the goods and services tax (gst) but opted against it for the time being as talks with the congress did not yield results, he said.
efforts to reach an agreement on the gst bill, which it had proposed to roll out from april 1, 2016, would continue, he added.
we will keep trying.
we are in contact with all political parties.
and nearly all parties except congress are in favour of this bill.
in lok sabha, except congress all political parties had voted in favour of the bill.
congress has walked out, they (other parties) had not walked out.
if situation changes then cabinet will again reconsider the matter, he added.
the gst bill, which has been passed by lok sabha, got stuck in political logjam in the rajya sabha where the ruling nda does not have a majority.
as per the procedure, after approval by the rajya sabha the constitution amendment bill on gst will have to be approved by 50 per cent of the state legislatures.
jaitley said that once the bill is approved by the rajya sabha, other steps would not take much time as the government is ready with supporting legislations, of which one has to be passed by the centre and two by states.
our draft legislations are almost ready.
we will require meeting of empowered committee to clear them and they can be passed.
we need the it backbone, and those handling the it infrastructure inform us they are in position to put it in place by april 1, 2016 comfortably.
.
.
accusing congress of delaying the gst, he said, the only veto is right to disturb the rajya sabha so that the chairman can adjourn it.
he further said that congress had raised certain demands which were not there in the gst bill prepared by the upa's finance minister in 2011.
jaitley said it was not possible for the government to put a cap of 18 per cent on the gst rate in the constitution bill, as was being suggested by congress.
it is for the proposed gst council to decided the tax rates, he said, adding, suppose tomorrow states agree and alcohol comes under gst then should medicine and alcohol be taxed at same rate.
this wisdom has dawned on congress party only after it lost power!
the minister said.
25 per cent decline in terror incidents in j-k: rajnathnew delhi, jun 16, 2015, pti: 20:53 istthere has been 25 per cent decline in terror-related incidents in jammu and kashmir which is also witnessing significant improvement in security situation, home minister rajnath singh said today.
prerequisite for development of any state or country is that a peaceful and secure atmosphere should be there.
i would like to tell you that there has been significant improvement in security situation in j-k.
there is significant decline in level of violence there.
not only this, there is 25 per cent fall of terror incidents, singh told reporters here.
he said for development there has to be an atmosphere of peace and security, that is being built by and by in jammu and kashmir.
in a joint press conference, singh, along with finance minister arunjaitley announced additional package of rs 2,437 crore for jammu and kashmir to help it in relief and rehabilitation works after last year's floods caused huge damage to people and property in the state.
the centre will also be sending a team of senior officials to help it in formulating further package to help in the development of jammu and kashmir.
govt to impose 0.
5  swachh bharat cess on services from nov 15new delhi, nov 6, 2015 (pti) 20:54 istall services, including air travel, telephony, eating out and banking will become expensive from november 15 as the government today decided to impose a 0.
5 per cent cess on all taxable services to fund the swachh bharat programme.
the additional cess would be over and above the 14 per cent service tax rate which is already being levied and may yield the government an additional about rs 400 crore during the remainder of the current fiscal.
the government has decided to impose, with effect from november 15, 2015, a swachh bharat cess at the rate of 0.
5 per cent on all services, which are presently liable to service tax, a finance ministry statement said.
finance minister arunjaitley had in budget 2015-16 proposed to levy a swachh bharat cess of up to 2 per cent on all or certain services, if need arises.
the decision to impose 0.
5 per cent cess will translate into a tax of 50 paise only on every rs 100 worth of taxable services.
swachh bharat cess is not another tax but a step towards involving each and every citizen in making contribution to swachh bharat.
the proceeds from this cess will be exclusively used for swachh bharat initiatives, the statement added.
swachh bharat is among the major initiatives of the modi government, which has embarked on a major drive to ensure cleanliness across the country.
resources generated from this cess will be utilised for financing and promoting initiatives towards swachh bharat.
the government had in budget 2015-16 estimated to collect over rs 2.
09 lakh crore from service tax.
the rs 400 crore collection from the cess would be over and above that.
new delhi, mar 25, 2017, (pti) 17:11 istdelhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders were today put on trial in a criminal defamation case filed by union minister arunjaitley in the ddca controversy, amid chaotic scenes in a court room here.
advocates from both the sides indulged in a heated argument over non-appearance of arunjaitley after chief metropolitan magistrate (cmm) sumit dass started the proceedings.
the accused, including kejriwal, who were present before the court complained of serious threat after which the judge asked all the persons to go outside the court room, barring those who were concerned with the case.
the cmm framed notice against kejriwal and other aap leaders--ashutosh, kumar vishwas, sanjay singh, raghav chaddha and deepak bajpai-- after they pleaded not guilty and claimed trial.
earlier, on january 30, the court had dismissed kejriwal's plea seeking to be heard on point of framing of notice.
jaitley had filed the complaint alleging that the accused had defamed him in a controversy regarding delhi and district cricket association (ddca) when he headed for over a decade.
a civil defamation suit has also been filed by arunjaitley before the delhi high court in the matter seeking rs 10 crore as damages.
road building gets priority with rs 97k crnew delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns 0:45 istfinance minister arunjaitley has announced an outlay of rs 97,000 crore for building national highways and rural roads.
the government is planning to construct over 2.
23 lakh km roads to connect 65,000 habitations by 2019.
i have proposed an allocation of rs 55,000 crore in the budget for roads and highways.
this will be further topped up by additional rs 15,000 crore to be raised by nhai through bonds.
the countrys longest distance of new highways were awarded in 2015.
at the same time, the highest ever production of motor vehicles was achieved in 2015.
elated with massive allocation, road transport minister nitin gadkari told reporters that his ministry would upgrade 50,000 km of state highways into national highways, rolling out of 85 per cent of the stuck rs 1 lakh crore projects and construction and award of 10,000 km roads each in the coming fiscal.
he said the government expect to approve nearly 10,000 km of national highways in 2016-17 which will be much higher than in the two previous years.
gadkari also announced the governments plan to end the permit raj and bring reforms in the transport sector to promote investment.
jaitley also allocated allocation for rs 19,000 crore in 2016-17 for the pmgsy scheme.
bjp to announce team todaynew delhi, july 18, 2013, dhns: 1:26 istthe bjp team for the 2014 lok sabha polls and the upcoming state elections, spread over about a dozen sub-committees to manage issues like campaigning, preparation of manifestoes, rallies and publicity, will be announced on friday.
the bjp parliamentary board meeting, presided by party president rajnath singh, on thursday evening prepared the broad counters of election work allocation.
however, differences remained among leaders on identifying state election in-charge.
the sources said that former bjp president nitin gadkari has refused to take over the reins in delhi, which will also go to polls along with madhya pradesh (mp), chhattisgarh, rajasthan and andhra pradesh.
it is learnt that one of the reasons behind gadkaris refusal is due to the fact that the bjps chances of winning is not that bright in comparison with states like rajasthan, mp and chhattisgarh.
also, he is believed to be of the view that his stature in the party, being a former president, was bigger than the post he was being offered.
party sources said that he had shown interest in taking charge of rajasthan.
gadkari, who was one of the 12 top leaders apart from l k advani, sushma swaraj, arunjaitley and venkaiah naidu, left the meeting before others got out.
while general secretaries will get the responsibilities to head sub-committees for poll bound states, senior leaders such as swaraj and arunjaitley are expected to get positions keeping in mind their standing in the party.
the senior leaders cannot be seen to be doing election management work under any structure headed by poll campaign chief narendra modi, sources said.
by virtue of being a parliamentary board member, which is the top decision making body of the party, the members cannot be tasked to share responsibility under modi.
singh and modi went into a huddle on wednesday to put together a list of election related committees to give specific task to leaders.
the rss, which recently had a series of meetings with singh, advani, modi, gadkari and murli manohar joshi, has told the bjp to take along everyone, especially seniors so that the party can put a united fight.
his comments follow a spectacular victory for nitish kumar-led grand alliance in recently concluded bihar assembly elections over the bjp-led nda.
the newly-formed jd(u)-rjd- congress alliance secured 178 seats in the 243-member house, while the nda could get only 58 seats.
nothing like that.
.
.
brand is anyway a word coined by media.
his leadership is strong, decisive and popular.
the finance minister also ruled out any impact of bihar poll results on investor sentiment and said the economic reforms will continue.
the poll impact won't deter investor confidence and sentiment.
.
.
i think investors are very wise people, they will see the performance of this government, the senior bjp leader told pti.
they will judge us by our working style and we will provide good governance.
many reforms are with executive decisions.
those will continue.
many legislative issues also get passed by parliament.
in some cases, there are delays, but those will be sorted out, he said.
to a question on the pending gst bill, he said this is a priority for the government and it will try to get it passed.
he expressed hope that bihar would support the legislation because as a consuming state, it would benefit from the new indirect tax legislation.
bihar and the jd(u) had supported this in the lower house.
.
.
if nitish kumar, as a responsible leader, has been elected on the plank of development, then certainly he wants more revenue for bihar.
.
.
, he said.
on whether he would talk to nitish kumar for supporting gst, he said, i will speak to the new government that they should support the bill.
the government has plans to roll out gst from april 1, 2016, but the constitution amendment bill is stuck in the rajya sabha where the ruling nda does not have a majority.
once rolled out, it will subsume various levies like excise, service tax, sales tax, octroi, and the like and ensure a single indirect tax regime for the entire country.
the prime minister has particularly developed an excellent relationship even with the chinese leadership.
we have a boundary issue with them.
and the boundary issue is unresolved.
there are other several issues related to china, which are issues of our concern.
economic trade relations with china has become fairly normal, he said, adding that the prime minister recently got a very rousing reception in china.
jaitley, who is on a 10-day visit to the us had yesterday said the onus of creating an environment for improving indo-pak ties and normalising the bilateral relationship is more on pakistan and depends on the kind of provocation that comes from that country.
there was a time not so long ago when india was in the midst of a disturbed neighbourhood.
when the new government was formed, the pm took an initiative even before his oath.
.
.
and the initiative was that we invited all the heads of government of the south nations, and this turned out to be a very correct and a very positive move, he said.
modi, he said, was the first prime minister to visit sri lanka in more than two and half decades, and was in bangladesh two weeks ago.
he signed a historic pact after we amended our constitution to settle down the boundary issue, the land boundary issue with them, he said.
jaitley also told, that the government of myanmar is cooperating with india in tackling the insurgents who are having camps there.
so these are the countries with whom we have an excellent relationship, he said.
press trust of india, new delhi, jun 1 2017, 18:43 istthe minister further said some slowdown was visible even prior to demonetisation of rs 500/1000 currency notes announced by the government on november 8 last year.
india lost the tag of the fastest growing economy to china in the march quarter with a gdp growth of 6.
1 per cent, which pulled down the 2016-17 expansion to 7.
1 per cent.
jaitley said the slowdown in the fourth quarter was due to both domestic and global factors.
there are several factors which can contribute to gdp in a particular quarter.
there was impact of global factors.
there could be some impact in one quarter or two quarters of one particular factor (demonetisation).
.
.
.
.
.
if you look at the growth of some sectors, the 9-10 per cent growth that was normally in services, especially in the financial sector, has come down.
the ability of banks itself was in question.
so these are cumulative factors which played, he said.
he added that a gdp growth rate of 7-8 per cent is reasonable by both global and indian standards.
i do believe that in the current global situation a 7-8 per cent growth, which is at the moment indian normal, is fairly reasonable.
it is fairly reasonable level of growth by our own standard and very good by global standard.
i see no reason that there would be adverse impact of gst on gdp.
gst by itself should normally add to the growth, he said.
the government intends to roll out the goods and services tax (gst) from july 1.
on the issue of total deposits received during demonetisation, the finance minister said the reserve bank is compiling data and will give the figure once the exercise is complete.
rbi as an important institution can't give approximations.
today every currency note has to be counted, if there is any counterfeit that has to be eliminated and real count has to come.
it's an enormous exercise that rbi is doing.
as soon as they complete it, they will give the accurate figure, he said.
he also said the centre will not provide any additional funds to states for undertaking farm loan waivers other than what has been recommended by the 14th finance commission.
they (states) have to do it from their own resources, he clarified.
on privatisation of ailing national carrier air india, he said niti aayog has already given its recommendations to the civil aviation ministry to explore various options.
it is for the civil aviation ministry to explore various options, he added.
oil companies merger issue is also being looked at by the concerned ministry, he added.
world bank yet to decide on funding clean gangakalyan ray, new delhi, nov 4, 2014, dhns: 0:13 istnotwithstanding the government's keenness in transforming the ganga into a vital waterways, the world bank said it would commit funding only after assessing the environmental and social impact of the project.
world bank officials said they received a proposal from the central government in june, 2014, for providing technical assistance and limited investment support for capacity augmentation of the national waterway 1 on the ganga between haldia (west bengal) and barh (bihar).
the technical studies as well as related social and environmental impact assessment are yet to be initiated.
the detailed cost of the project and the world bank's share will be known only after detailed studies are completed, a spokesperson from the world bank told deccan herald.
in his budget speech, union finance minister arunjaitley stated the project would cost rs 4,200 crore and take six years to complete.
last month, the world bank received representations from a group of environmentalists, who raised several ecological concerns on the ganga waterways project.
they said factors like erosion and sedimentation; impact of water transport on the behaviour of aquatic fauna and continuous free flow of water were required to be taken into account.
we were told by world bank officials that our representations were forwarded to the inland waterways authority and many of or suggestions would be included in the terms of reference of these committees, said green activist bharat jhunjhunwala who were among a group of environmentalists who met the world bank officials last month.
the spokesperson said the bank was aware of the government's plan to create 11 river terminals on the ganga.
but a decision on implementation would be taken after pre-project studies.
he said the bank provided technical assistance to inland water transport projects in brazil, peru, congo, senegal, mali, china and vietnam.
the government is in the process of issuing the request for proposal within november and final selection of consultants for undertaking the studies will take place by january, 2015.
the initial proposal is based on a study by danish hydrological institute, which prepared reports on two stretches between allahabad and varanasi and between varanasi and buxar.
the plan is to provide a depth of 3 metres in the ganga to make it fully navigable from haldia to allahabad for barges carrying 1, 500-2,000 tonnes.
bcci bans players caught in ipl spot-fixing scandalmumbai, jun 30, 2012 (pti) 2:38 istcracking the whip on domestic cricketers caught in the ipl spot-fixing scandal, the bcci today slapped a life ban on pacer t p sudhindra and handed lighter punishments to four other players who were also exposed in a tv sting operation.
the decision to ban the players for varying degrees was taken by the bcci's disciplinary committee, headed by president n srinivasan, which met here to discuss the report submitted by the board's anti-corruption unit chief ravi sawani on the matter.
while the 28-year-old sudhindra was the worst hit as his career seems all but over, shalabh srivastava was banned for five years.
mohnish mishra, amit yadav and abhinav bali were banned for a year each.
the committee held sudhindra guilty of actually receiving a consideration to spot-fix in a domestic cricket match, and hence imposed exemplary penalty on him.
sudhindra has been debarred for life, from playing any cricket matches conducted or authorised by the icc or bcci, or any affiliated unit of the bcci, the board said in a statement.
sudhindra will not be entitled to the monthly gratis, benevolent fund, benefit match or any other facility offered to players by the bcci.
he also cannot hold any position in any cricket association affiliated to the bcci for life.
shalabh srivastava was held guilty of agreeing to fix a match and negotiate terms for the same, even though no actual match-fixing or spot fixing took place, the board stated.
he has been debarred for a period of five years, from playing any cricket matches conducted or authorised by the icc or bcci, or any affiliated unit of the bcci, it added.
like sudhindra, he will also not be entitled to the monthly gratis, benevolent fund, benefit matches or any other facility, during this period.
srivastava has been also barred from holding positions in any cricket association affiliated to the bcci, for a period of five years.
the (other) three players, through loose talk and unsubstantiated bragging, brought the game into disrepute, and hence, have been held guilty of the lesser offence, the board explained.
they have been debarred for a period of one year, from playing any cricket matches conducted or authorised by the icc or bcci, or any affiliated unit of the bcci, it added.
the penalties will be effective from the date of the suspension of these players which was may 15.
the television sting operation had claimed that they agreed to shadowy deals in the indian premier league and other matches.
three of the five players -- sudhindra, mishra and bali -- attended the meeting today to present their points of view before the panel whose other members are board vice-presidents arunjaitley and niranjan shah.
srivastava and yadav pleaded their respective cases through teleconference during the meeting.
the five uncapped players were allegedly caught indulging in corrupt practices, including spot-fixing, by a tv channel which conducted a sting operation during this year's ipl.
bcci had then asked sawani to conduct a probe in the matter and he submitted his report to srinivasan a few weeks back.
the channel -- india tv -- had claimed to have blown the lid off murky deals in the ipl among players, organisers, owners and big guns of indian cricket.
according to the channel, its operation revealed that spot-fixing is not only prevalent in ipl but also that first class matches are fixed and women played an important role in match-fixing.
four of the five banned players had previously played in the rebel indian cricket league.
medium pacer sudhindra, who had played for delhi giants in the icl, helped madhya pradesh gain promotion to ranji trophy's elite division in the 2010-11 season.
he surprised everyone in his first season in the big league, ending the 2011-12 season as its highest wicket-taker and earning himself a contract with the deccan chargers in the ipl.
madhya pradesh middle-order batsman mishra too played for the delhi giants in the rebel indian cricket league before gaining amnesty form the bcci.
signed by deccan chargers in 2010, 28-year-old mishra moved to the newly-formed pune warriors in 2011.
uttar pradesh left-arm seamer srivastava was india's highest wicket-taker at the victorious under-19 world cup in sri lanka in 2000.
after severing ties with icl team delhi giants, srivastava was signed up by kings xi punjab in 2011.
the 22-year-old yadav, an all-rounder, bats right-handed and bowls off-spin for goa.
he has played 14 first-class matches, scoring three half centuries and taking 41 wickets at 23.
75.
yadav was on kings xi punjab's roster but hasn't made his ipl debut yet.
left-arm spinner bali, who was with delhi giants in the icl, had played 13 first-class matches but was not in any ipl team.
improvements will bring in visitors, says tourism sectorhrithik kiran bagade, feb 28, 2015, dhns: bengaluru: 3:02 istthe tourism sector was in glee on saturday, as finance minster minister arunjaitley earmarked a set of heritage sites to be improved in the country.
india is home to over 25 unesco world heritage sites, known for their architectural prowess or natural splendour.
lakhs of tourists visit these sites, which are dogged by massive lack of facilities.
kuoni india managing director rajeev wagle said: tourism is directly linked to gdp (gross domestic product).
developing the sites would mean more employment and overall economic development.
domestic tourism will also be encourages (from 65 lakh travellers now to over 1.
5 crore by 2020).
beyond the budget, work must be towards incentivising investors in tourism infrastructure, cutting red tape and faster tourism project clearances, he said.
thomas cook (india) managing director madhavan menon said: focus on developing world heritage sites is of huge value, given that many are in a bad shape and received scant attention in the past.
in addition to this, the investment of rs 2 lakh crore towards sanitation is critical for incredible indias overall image.
the rail and road infra thrust will also aid domestic and inbound tourism.
hari nair, founder and ceo of holidayiq.com, echoed similar sentiments.
the tourism sector is a beneficiary of improvements across multiple areas.
the focus of budget 2015 on areas such as infrastructure, skill development and rural development has the potential of providing a big tailwind to indian tourism.
in addition, the announcement relating to upgrade of certain world heritage sites signals continued focus on tourism.
however, the question is, does the indian tourism industry have the intrinsic capability to identify and quickly act on the opportunities thrown up by budget 2015?
the opportunities are certainly there, he said.
according to the department of industrial policy and promotion (dipp), tourism and hospitality is among the top 10 sectors in india to attract the highest foreign direct investment (fdi).
in the april 2000-november 2014 period, the tourism and hospitality sector attracted around $7,661.
6 million fdi, it said.
union minister in row over charge of marks forgerynew delhi, nov 13, 2014, (pti) 22:29 istnewly-inducted minister of state for hrd ram shankar katheria was today at the centre of a controversy over an allegation that his graduation marksheet was forged, a charge he strongly denied.
a case was filed in 2010 by his rival bsp candidate in allahabad high court charging him with forging his marksheet.
the court has, however, referred the matter to the sessions court in agra, which will hear it on november 26.
i was slapped with four cases every day by the (erstwhile) bsp government deliberately.
they did not get any proof.
i was cleared of all the charges even when bsp was in power, he said, rejecting the allegation against him.
katheria told ndtv that this case of forgery against him was politically motivated and expressed the hope he would come clean.
according to the complaint, he had forged his hindi as well as english marks.
a day after the swearing in of ministers on sunday, an ngo had released a report which said katheria, bjp mp from agra, declared a case related to attempt to murder and one related to promoting enmity between different groups registered against him.
however, finance minister arunjaitley dismissed the allegation against katheria that there were 27 criminal cases against him including one of attempt to murder.
every bjp worker in the state has a criminal case filed by the akhilesh yadav government, he said.
convince jewellers on new taxbengaluru, march 16, 2016, dhns 22:39 istfinance minister arunjaitley budget for 2016-17 has generally been acclaimed with just about handful of exceptions.
but, the outcry against the measures which did not go well with those directly affected was too loud to be brushed aside by the nda government which has so far been enjoying support of the vocal middle class, though its approval rating has slipped somewhat in the past few months.
the levy of 1  excise duty on jewellery without input tax credit or 12.
5  with cenvat credit has also been received with howls of protests by jewellers who have put their shutters down, marching on the streets across the country.
for an industry employing 2.
5-3 million people, including artisans, the budget announcement came as a shock.
as it is, the industry is reeling under the new regulation which compels the buyers to share the pan (permanent account number) for purchases above rs 2 lakh.
the trouble for the jewellers, both big and small, is that the bulk of the population still does not possess pan number which has not seen an aadhaar type of enrolment campaign.
this is more so for the unorganised jewellers who account for over 75  of the indian market for precious metals.
their main contention is against the paper work they would be asked to maintain while their returns could be opened by excise inspectors making unpleasant visits dimming the glitters of the showrooms.
jaitleys assertion in parliament that the move is to link taxes on gold jewellery with the proposed goods and services tax will not convince the traders since the counter argument could be: get the gst bill passed first.
if the objective is to move gold crazy indians away from the precious metal and reduce the countrys dependence on imports estimated to be 1,000 tonnes per annum, then aggressive and innovative schemes have to be launched as alternative investment avenues.
the sovereign gold bond scheme that allows investment in the yellow metal without possessing it and is currently open for subscription, should be marketed in a sustained manner making it more attractive.
likewise, the gold deposit scheme aimed at recycling 22,000 tonnes of the metal lying with the indian households should be pursued with a focus on channelising the treasure from the charitable institutions like rich temples.
new delhi: july 31, 2015, dhns 2:00 istfinance minister arunjaitley said it was to the credit of indias highest judiciary that it chose to hear the plea of mumbai blast convict yakub memon at 3 am on thursday.
he said though memon was heard seven times, he was given yet another hearing by the supreme court after a full days hearing.
there was no question of any hurry to hang him, he said, adding that we are not a banana republic.
there is a judicial process of law.
memons case went through seven different layers of appeal.
on the death penalty, he said there was a view that it should be abolished.
however, so long it is on the statute book, i have no difficulty in accepting it as a legitimate debate.
but, we are in a neighbourhood that is witness to a lot of terrorism and people see a co-relationship between crime and punishment.
but, he said: the irresponsible statements which have come from some congress leaders with regard to the punishment given to the accused of the 1993 mumbai blasts also raises a cause of concern.
he said mainstream national parties are expected to react in a responsible manner and are not expected to show the country as a divided house.
jaitley said it was the countrys misfortune that leaders of congress were giving statements that were politically motivated on an incident like the 1993 mumbai terror attacks, in which 257 people lost their lives and several hundreds were injured.
jaitley expected congress president sonia gandhi to clarify before the whole country as to why its party is not allowing a discussion in parliament on the issue of national security, particularly in the wake of the gurdaspur incident.
she must also explain how its leaders, some of whom have come out with contrarian statements with regard to the punishment given by the judicial process in the 1993 mumbai blasts case, he said.
the congress, instead of giving importance to national security, gave priority to its petty politics and prevented a discussion on the issue.
it is clear that a serious issue like national security is not an issue of priority for congress, he said.
there was a lot of speculation about the union budget as this was the last full-year budget before general elections and the first one after gst reform was unveiled.
there were questions on whether the government will roll out an election budget or stick to fiscal discipline.
the middle class was hoping for tax concessions.
speculation was that the government would address farm distress, particularly after the disaffection shown by farmers in the gujarat election.
more importantly, the industry was looking for measures to improve investment climate.
the economic survey had presented a picture of cautious optimism.
its estimate of gdp for the current fiscal and projection for the next year can be termed as aspirational.
to achieve a growth rate of 6.
75  this year would require the economy to grow at 7.
5  in the second half of the year.
similarly, the assumption of growth of 7-7.
5  for the next year is more a hope and not grounded in hard facts.
the survey went on to list recapitalisation of public sector banks along with reforms in their governance, implementation of insolvency and bankruptcy code to resolve bad debts, ensuring macro-stability, privatisation of air india and stabilisation of gst as the major reforms agenda for the year.
not that all these have to be addressed by the budget as policy-making is done throughout the year.
the budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley once again shows a disconnect with the economic survey.
in many ways, it is an election budget.
the focus of the budget is stated to be strengthening agriculture and rural economy, provision of good healthcare to the economically less-privileged, taking care of senior citizens, infrastructure creation, working with the states to provide more resources for improving the quality of education in the country.
the finance minister devoted a considerable part of the speech to elaborate the measures to achieve them.
in the case of farmers, the welfare is proposed to be improved by ensuring minimum support prices at 150  of the cost of cultivation.
there are measures to upgrade the rural haats into gramin agricultural markets, creation of a market infrastructure fund, creation of all-weather roads, incentive for marketing and processing, an 'operation greens' for storage and processing of potatoes and onions, creation of micro-irrigation fund, increasing the institutional credit allocation from rs 10 lakh crore in 2017-18 to rs 11 lakh crore for 2018-19.
there is also a favourable tax treatment for farmer producers' organisations.
about eight crore poor women are to be given free gas connections and increased allocation of free cooking gas, and four crore households are to be given free electricity connections.
there is also a laudable objective of providing a roof over the heads of every poor person by 2022.
there are a number of schemes to improve the quality of education, such as improving the quality of teachers, setting up of ekalavya schools, creation of institutions of eminence, launching a prime minister's research fellows scheme.
in the healthcare sector, it is proposed to create 1.
5 lakh wellness centres to bring the healthcare system closer to people, increase the coverage under the rashtriya swastya bima yojana to cover 10 crore poor families and increasing the coverage to rs 5 lakh from rs 30,000 currently, under what's now called national health protection scheme.
there are measures to promote small and medium enterprises, through credit support capital and interest subsidy, measures have also been announced to incentivise creation of formal employment by contributing to employees' provident fund and tax concessions.
there are proposals to strengthen infrastructure including the transportation system comprising of railways, suburban rail and roads.
it has also chosen 14 central public sector enterprises for listing on the stock exchanges, strategic disinvestment of 24 enterprises, including air india, and merging the public sector general insurance companies.
bank recapitalisation is to be pursued by issuing bonds amounting to rs 80,000 crore.
deficit credibilitya closer look at the proposals in terms of budget allocation, however, is disappointing.
most of the proposed objectives are supposed to be achieved from extra-budgetary sources and not budget allocation.
total expenditure for 2018-19 is expected to be higher than the revised estimates for 2017-18 by 10.
1  and capital expenditure increase is estimated at 9.
9 .
in fact, capital expenditure as a ratio of gdp at 1.
6  is the lowest since 2014-15.
except for food subsidy, which is estimated to increase by 19.
4  over 2017-18 due to the proposed increase in minimum support prices, the outlays on all other expenditure categories show only marginal increases.
on the fiscal front, there are matters of serious concern.
if the gdp estimate released by the central statistical organisation on january 31 is correct, the fiscal deficit for 2016-17 works out to 3.
7 , and not 3.
5  as is shown in the budget.
thus, there seems to be slippage even in 2016-17.
the slippages in 2017-18 are in respect of every deficit measure.
the fiscal deficit is at 3.
5  as compared to the 2017-18 budget estimate of 3.
2 .
what is alarming is that the gains in compressing the revenue deficit since 2014-15 has been completely wiped out as the revised estimate of revenue deficit in 2017-18 at 2.
6  is significantly higher than not only the budget estimate for the year (1.
9 ) but also that of 2015-16 (2.
5 ).
this slippage is seen in effective revenue deficit and primary deficit as well.
in other words, the government, while extolling the need to maintain fiscal disciple and advancing the fiscal adjustment path in the medium term fiscal plan has been continuously shifting the goalpost.
this raises the question of credibility.
pay panel hikes salaries by 16 pc, pension 24 pcnew delhi, nov 20 2015, dhns 1:34 istpsu, university staff also to benefitin a new year bonanza, the seventh pay commission on thursday recommended nearly 16 per cent increase in the salary of over 47 lakh central government employees and more than doubling of most of their allowances.
this will impose a burden of rs 1.
02 lakh crore on the exchequer in 2016-17.
the panel also recommended a 24 per cent hike in pension of about 52 lakh retired employees, besides doing away with grade pay and pay bands in services.
the minimum pay was fixed at rs 18,000 a month and the maximum at rs 2,25,000.
the commission, however, recommended abolition of 52 allowances.
the cabinet secretary will receive an emolument of rs 2,50,000 a month, according to the recommendations of the commission headed by justice a k mathur, which was submitted to finance minister arunjaitley late on thursday.
the commission recommended dispensing with the present system of pay bands and grade pay, and introducing a new pay matrix.
accordingly, the status of an employee determined by grade pay, will now be determined by the level in the pay matrix.
the rate of annual increment over the basic pay was retained at 3 per cent.
the hike in basic pay recommended was 14.
27 per cent.
besides, the panel recommended one rank one pension for central government employees in line with the armed forces.
jaitley said of the total rs 1.
02 lakh crore revised salary and wage bill of the central government employees, including railways, the union budget will bear rs 74,000 crore while rs 28,000 crore will be borne by the rail budget.
implementation of the new pay is expected to impact fiscal deficit by 0.
65 per cent, he said.
to address a popular grievance, the commission recommended hastening the process of cadre review of central government employees and reducing the time taken in inter-ministerial consultations.
the commission strongly recommended the introduction of health insurance scheme for central government employees and pensioners.
for the benefit of pensioners residing outside the cghs areas, the commission recommended bringing more hospitals under cghs.
the panel recommended enhancement of gratuity ceiling from the present rs10 lakh to rs 20 lakh.
the same will be increased by 25 per cent whenever da is raised by 50 per cent.
the pay commission award will be implemented from january 1, 2016.
under the central government employees group insurance scheme, the rates of contribution as well as insurance coverage were asked to be enhanced.
correspondingly, monthly deduction was asked to be raised from rs 120 per month to rs 5,000 and insurance cover from rs 1.
2 lakh to rs 50 lakh for senior most level.
at the bottom of the matrix, it has been suggested to raise the contribution from rs 30 per month to rs 1,500 and the cover from rs 30,000 to rs 15 lakh.
new york, jun 19, 2015, (pti): 12:38 istindia has said its message to pakistan is very loud and clear that it is interested in normalising ties but the onus of creating an environment for improving relationship depends on the kind of provocations that comes from its neighbour.
(with) pakistan, the border frequently becomes tensed where there are exchanges on that border.
i think the message in the context of pakistan is that india is interested in improving the relationship with pakistan and therefore the onus of responsibility for creating an environment in which the relationship can grow would also depend much more on pakistan and the kind of provocations which come from there, he said.
this message that we are interested in normalising our relationship with them or at least improving our relationship with them and (that) the onus is on pakistan for this purpose is very loud and clear, he said during the discussion with former us treasury secretary timothy geithner, who asked him about india's foreign policy priorities.
pakistan and india have been involved in a war of words recently with leaders from both sides exchanging sharp comments after prime minister modi's critical remarks about pakistan during his dhaka visit and in the wake of india's military action in myanmar.
jaitley brought the issue of pakistan at the end, after listing india's excellent ties with its other neighbours such as bhutan, nepal, myanmar, sri lanka and bangladesh.
there was a time, not so long ago, where india was in the midst of a disturbed neighbourhood and a number of problems of that disturbed neighbourhood was spilling into india, he said, adding that modi took an unprecedented decision to invite the heads of government of the saarc nations for his swearing-in ceremony at new delhi last year.
this turned out to be a very correct and a very positive move and since then we have not looked back, he said.
we have a boundary issue with them and the boundary issue is unresolved.
there are other several issues relating to china which are issues of our concern but at least the tense situation around the boundary does not exist, he said, adding that economic and trade relations with beijing have also become fairly normal.
jaitley said there were huge pending issues with bangladesh and prime minister modi signed a historic boundary agreement with dhaka during his recent visit to the country.
on myanmar, he said when the insurgents recently were holding camps in myanmar, the government there cooperated with india in tackling those insurgents.
he said india's relations with nepal are also very strong with it playing a leading role in the relief and rehabilitation in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake in april.
on sri lanka, he said an indian prime minister had not visited the country in the last 28 years due to constraints of domestic polity but modi visited the island nation.
hesaid india has cordial relations with other nations and there are no serious issues.
govt okays setting up of 6 new iimsnew delhi, june 24, 2015, (pti) 17:41 istin good news for mba aspirants, the government today cleared the proposal for the setting up of six new iims in the country, which will start offering courses from the coming academic session itself.
the new iims will be located at visakhapatnam (andhra pradesh), bodh gaya (bihar), sirmaur (himachal pradesh), nagpur (maharashtra), sambalpur (odisha) and amritsar (punjab).
each institute will start with an intake of 140 students for the post-graduate course, the flagship programme of the iims, admission for which will be through cat.
it is expected that the annual intake will increase to reach a level of 560 students by the end of seven years, the government said in a release here after the union cabinet gave its nod to the proposal.
the cabinet also decided to meet the persistent demand of the people of western odisha for the iim to be set up in sambalpur.
as per the earlier proposal, the campus was to come up in state capital bhubaneswar.
the hrd ministry had earlier finalised the existing iims which would be mentoring the new ones.
there are at present 13 iims in the country.
parliamentary logjam holding up gst, other key bills: ciinew delhi, aug 4, 2015 (pti) 16:40 istcontinued logjam in parliament is delaying passage of key bills like gst, which are crucial for economic growth, industry body cii said today.
industry is keen to undertake the next cycle of investments as soon as the economic reforms process kicks in.
with several crucial economic bills getting delayed, investment deceleration is plaguing the economy.
core sector growth has slowed down, the industrial production index remains volatile and bank credit is locked up.
parliament holds the key to unlocking the investment pipeline and cii urges taking up the necessary bills, cii director general chandrajit banerjee said.
bills like gst also needed to be discussed and passed, he said.
industry expects that our leaders would seize the window of opportunity for the country for expediting growth, which is so important in this stage of india's development, former cii president ajay shriram said.
cii president sumit mazumder said key bills including gst, the right to fair compensation and transparency in land acquisition, etc.
are pending in parliament.
we would sincerely wish that attention can be devoted to these and other important economic issues.
the pace of reform that we have seen in the last two sessions of parliament should have continued unabated in this session too.
this is imperative for the economy.
it is critical to be able to be on a steady and certain pace of reforms, including the ones, which need legislative intervention, he said.
godrej group chairman adi godrej said that gst bill must be passed in this parliamentary session if the vital tax reform is to be introduced by april 1, 2016.
the gst is one of the most critical reforms for india as it will create a smooth and efficient market, lower costs and raise tax revenues.
we believe it would add as much as 2 percentage points to the rate of growth, which will help generate millions of new jobs.
but for this, the parliament must transact business, godrej said.
new delhi: feb 3, 2016, dhns 2:02 isti am happy that an error is being corrected: pcthe congress on tuesday came out in support of the supreme court decision to re-examine its order declaring homosexuality illegal, while the modi government adopted a cautious approach saying it was yet to take a final view.
law shouldnt discriminate anyone on the basis of whom you love, randeep singh surjewala, in-charge of the aicc communication department said in a statement here.
in bengaluru, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said the modi government had not formulated any final view on the issue.
it is a humane issue, we have to study various aspects and take a final view.
the debate is on.
.
.
, he said, replying to questions on the issue.
former finance minister p chidambaram also came out in support of the apex court decision to refer the curative petition on section 377 to a larger bench.
i am happy that an error is being corrected.
this is only the first step.
i look forward to the day when the sc will uphold the judgment of the delhi high court, chidambaram said.
last year, finance minister arunjaitley had called for reconsideration of the 2013 supreme court ruling that held homosexuality, under section 377 of the indian penal code, illegal.
the bjp has been coy on openly supporting the legalisation of gay sex as it believes such a position could affect its traditional support base.
on december 12, 2013, the supreme court had overturned a 2009 ruling by delhi high court legalising gay sex between consenting adults.
congress president sonia gandhi and her deputy rahul had expressed disappointment with the apex court ruling then, saying they agreed more with the high court.
on the other hand, bjp leaders have different views on homosexuality with rajnath singh declaring in 2013 that the bjp would not support unnatural acts.
bjp leader subramanian swamy had even dubbed homosexuality a genetic disorder.
last year, law minister d sadananda gowda had vehemently rejected reports claiming that he had suggested scrapping section 377.
however, union minister harsh vardhan had voiced support for protection of the rights of homosexuals; bjp leader ram madhav had said he would find it hard to consider it a crime.
govt says personal i-t base must be up before corporate tax cutnew delhi: feb 5, 2017, dhns 22:45 istin a stern reply to big firms crying hoarse for no reduction in corporation tax in the budget, the government on saturday said an increase in personal income tax collection was a must to reduce tax on large companies.
the existing large corporates are asking why their tax rate has not come down.
what you have to understand is that the cost of 1  reduction in corporate tax rate costs the government anywhere between rs 18,000 crore and rs 19,000 crore.
that is a lot of money.
we need to first expand the personal tax base to be able to provide that kind of relief, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said in an interaction with industry body ficci.
he said the most challenging task for the government was to increase the share of personal income tax in gdp, which at present was abysmally low at 2 .
also, the profile of personal income tax did not match with the consumption profile of the country, adhia said.
but along with that he had also announced that certain exemptions that the big companies enjoyed would be phased out.
to a query on why he did not reduce corporation tax in this years budget, he said, i had linked it (reduction in corporation tax) to phasing out of exemptions.
should i phase out exemptions ahead of time when companies are not in their good health?
.
instead of reducing corporation tax in general, the government gave a steep 5  cut in corporation tax to 25  for companies with an annual revenue of up to rs 50 crore.
new delhi, nov 4, 2015 (pti) 16:01 istwith finance minister arunjaitley saying he was ready to discuss the gst bill with it, congress today struck a discordant note, insisting that parliamentary democracy cannot be reduced to just one bill and asked prime minister narendra modi to first shed his confrontationist mindset.
party's senior spokesman anand sharma signalled that the winter session of parliament, likely to begin by this month-end, could be a smooth affair only if the prime minister makes real effort to seek constructive engagement with the opposition.
parliamentary democracy cannot be reduced to just one bill.
the prime minister and his government has both arrogance and confrontationist mindset, he alleged after being asked about jaitley's statement.
they should make a real effort to shed this confrontationst mindset by seeking constructive engagement with the opposition, sharma, who is the deputy leader of the party in the rajya sabha, said.
the refrain of sharma was that a conducive atmosphere cannot be created by the government by constant attacks on the opposition.
by berating, ridiculing and intimidating them (the opposition) on a daily basis cannot help in creating that atmosphere.
it is their call, sharma said, adding that success and failure of a parliament session is the responsibility of the prime minister and his government.
sharma was asked about jaitley's remarks that he he would discuss the gst bill issue with the congress again to ensure its passage in the rajya sabha.
i am willing to discuss with the congress party.
.
.
i have so far discussed with their leaders and i can't find, at least, conceptual opposition to it.
i will once again speak to them and try to make them see reason, he said.
jaitley has said that introduction of the goods and services tax (gst), which will replace more than a dozen state levies, is only a question of time as obstruction to the reform measure will not stand parliamentary vote.
gst is to be implemented from april 1, 2016.
but a constitution amendment bill could not go through the rajya sabha in the last session of parliament due to opposition from the congress.
the april 1 deadline may be missed if parliament does not pass the bill in the upcoming winter session.
monsoon session of parliament was a virtual washout in the wake of the congress demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalit modi controversy.
the opposition also demanded that madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan step down in the wake of the vyapam scam.
bjp plunges into crisis as bsy refuses to step downlast updated: 29 july, 2011bangalore, july 29 , dhns 1:31 istyeddyurappa supporters find no reason to replace their leaderchief minister b s yeddyurappa on friday pushed the state bjp into a crisis by refusing to step down as directed by the party central leadership.
resorting to blatant brinkmanship, yeddyurappa clearly suggested to the central leadership that he would consider stepping down only if his demands were met.
he demands are that the choice of his successor should be left to him and he be made party state unit president.
late on thursday, yeddyurappa hinted that he would step down on sunday.
apparently, yeddyurappa wants either shobha karandlaje or v s acharya as his successor as a pre-condition to announce his resignation.
party central leaders rajnath singh and arunjaitley had arrived in the city early friday afternoon, expecting that the change of guard would be a smooth affair since yeddyurappa had given july 31 as the date for his resignation.
but as they landed here, the chief minister was in a rebellious mood.
yeddyurappa minced no words in conveying his tough position to the senior leaders.
with the chief minister apparently going back on his word , the central leaders could not go ahead with a scheduled legislature party meeting in the evening which was to elect a successor to yeddyurappa.
yeddyurappa has reportedly told the party that he should not be sacrificed on the basis of the lokayuktas report on illegal mining.
the central leadership is understood to have served an ultimatum on the defiant chief minister to resign by saturday morning or face expulsion from the party.
in a day of high voltage political drama, the state unit got divided into pro- and anti-yeddyurappa camps.
the chief ministers camp found no reason to replace its leader, arguing that the lokayukta report could not be the basis for removing yeddyurappa.
the camp followers alleged that the lokayukta report was politically motivated.
they exerted pressure on the central leaders to defer the legislature party meeting.
the other group which includes among others party state unit president k s eshwarappa, declared that yeddyurappa had no choice but to toe the line of party line.
the group claimed that they have the support of 57 legislators.
yeddyurappa appeared so cut up with the central leadership that he did not even step out of his official residence to receive singh and jaitley.
eventually, the two central leaders came to the chief ministers house to seek his resignation.
as the two leaders talked to the chief minister, scores of yeddyurappa supporters insisted that their leader should be allowed to continue as he had the backing of a majority of legislators.
a number of ministers, legislators and parliament members who were present told singh and arunjaitley to reconsider their decision to seek the resignation of yeddyurappa.
yeddyurappa suspects a move by the central leadership to make his rival ananth kumar his successor, though there was no corroboration of this from the central leadership.
yeddyurappas supporters claimed that he has the backing of 74 of the 121 bjp legislators in the assembly, 15 mlcs and 15 mps.
the two central leaders told the legislators that they can meet them individually.
however, the legislators told them that yeddyurappa continued to be their leader.
the two leaders left yeddyurappas residence keeping the party leadership in new delhi informed of the developments.
they later held parleys with a few senior state leaders at a nearby star hotel where singh and arunjaitley are staying.
the two leaders will stay put in the city till a resolution of the crisis.
maintain confidentiality in gst regimenew delhi: dh news service, may 9 2017, 0:20 istfinance minister arunjaitley all india tax advocates forum (aitaf) has urged finance minister arunjaitley to ensure confidentiality of the details furnished by the assesses with the tax authorities under the new tax regime of the goods and services tax (gst).
while framing the gst rules, adequate safe guards of the information provided by the assessee like records, accounts, returns and statements to the tax under the new tax system must be ensured and penal provision be made for unauthorised disclosure or leakage of such information, aitaf president m k gandhi said on monday.
such a provision for protection of information submitted by assessee to the tax authorities already exists in the delhi value added tax act, the forum said in a statement.
nirmala sitharaman has emerged as the biggest gainer from sundays reshuffle of the union council of ministers as she has not only been promoted to cabinet rank but also given the crucial defence portfolio.
in the process, the mp from karnataka becomes the first woman to independently hold the ministry full time.
since manohar parrikar left to take over as chief minister of goa in march this year, the ministry did not have a full-time minister, and nirmala will fill this gap.
the headline grabbing moment also means that there are two women  sushma swaraj being the other  on the key cabinet committee on security now.
prime minister narendra modi wanted to relieve finance minister arunjaitley of the additional charge of defence.
this was long overdue, and the economic slowdown post-demonetisation made it necessary that arunjaitley concentrated on addressing the economic woes confronting the country.
that the prime minister looked outside career politicians for his team was another highlight of the rejig.
he has drafted in former career diplomat hardeep singh puri, and k j alphons, once widely known as delhis demolition man, satya pal singh, former mumbai police commissioner, and former home secretary r k singh.
this shows that he badly needed people with administrative experience to be part of his team.
modi has shown the door to six ministers, elevated four ministers of state to cabinet ranks and hand-picked nine new faces in his third reshuffle.
he made two major and some minor changes in the portfolio allocations.
besides nirmala, piyush goyal, dharmendra pradhan and mukhtar abbas naqvi have been promoted, reportedly because of their efficiency.
but by that logic, if suresh prabhu was shifted out of the railways because of a string of train accidents under his watch, how he could still be retained in the cabinet is a matter to ponder.
among the nine new ministers, there are five from upper castes, one jat (obc) and a dalit.
upgrading naqvi, bringing in a sikh (puri) and a christian (alphons) may be an attempt on the part of modi to project the bjp as an inclusive party which plans to extend its foothold in the east and the south, but not at the cost of jeopardising its hold in the hindi heartland.
however, after the third reshuffle in as many years, the union ministry, which is now 76-member strong as against the constitutional ceiling of 82, still has six vacancies.
this may mean that modi has kept them open for allies like the janata dal (u), and the bjps oldest but disgruntled partner shiv sena, and perhaps even aiadmk, to be included at a later stage.
new delhi, april 24, 2015, dhns: 2:04 istin a face-saver for the narendra modi government, the goods and services tax (gst) bill was taken up for consideration in the lok sabha on friday even as the opposition staged a walkout.
the centres decision to suddenly bring the constitution (122nd amendment) (gst) bill for passage in the lok sabha ran into a wall of protests by the opposition which claimed that it was not informed of the move in advance.
quoting parliamentary rules of procedure, opposition members contended that a different bill cannot be taken up by the house when the finance bill was being discussed.
they questioned the hush, hush manner in which the gst bill was being brought up for consideration and passing.
the upa must start supporting legislations that it itself introduced.
he added im accepting that, complimenting you and taking it forward.
, congress president sonia gandhi egged on her party members to insist on referring the bill to the standing committee.
jaitley noted that the process of bringing the bill had started during the previous nda rule in 2003 and the last upa government had taken it forward.
observing that the parliamentary standing committee had examined it for over two and a half years, he said, i think, we did not have a more extensive debate on any bill since 1950.
with the opposition sticking to its demand, the speaker requested the finance minister to take into consideration the concerns raised by opposition members.
but arunjaitley was unwilling to relent.
i will make my opening comments for a few minutes.
it can be taken up thereafter.
after that, it can continue on monday, he said, apparently conscious of the fact that acceding to the opposition demands would mean an embarrassment for the government.
after an hour-long wrangling over rules and procedures, the speaker rejected the opposition demands and allowed the finance minister to make introductory comments.
members of the congress, led by sonia gandhi, along with mps from the tmc, left and ncp staged a walkout after their plea for referring the bill to the standing committee was not accepted.
the aiadmk and bjd also opposed its consideration but did not walkout.
the gst is billed as indias biggest indirect tax reform that seeks to create a common national market by dismantling the complex web of taxes and ushering in a single regime.
new delhi, may 22, 2015, (pti) 15:49 istgovernment today exuded confidence that land bill will be passed in the next parliament session, saying the numbers are very clear.
addressing a press conference to highlight the achievements of narendra modi government in its first year, finance minister arunjaitley termed the land and gst bills as government's top priorities for the coming year, saying decisiveness even in the face of obstructionism is the hallmark of this regime.
he accused the congress, which has opposed the land bill, of obstructing india's journey to 10 per cent growth by positioning itself against government's pro-growth and developmental initiatives and asked the principal opposition party to reconsider its position.
no political party has a right to say i will not allow it to be passed.
they have a right to vote against it.
and when a political party says i will vote against it, the numbers will eventually decide whether it will be passed or not.
asked about rahul gandhi's attacks on modi over his foreign trips, he took a dig at the congress vice president's long sabbatical, saying, going out on a 55-day vacation is a foreign journey and representing the country abroad, going on a state visit, is a different kind of programme.
hinting at the support of regional parties for the passage of crucial bills in parliament, he said central government's attitude towards states in empowering and enriching them has made a clear political impact.
he said the first year of the government was a directional year where every department worked overtime to put the country on the fast pace of growth and development and change the general sense of gloom before the government took over into optimism.
he said only those who are unhappy with this fast pace have become its critics.
the country is not ready to accept slow pace of decisions.
there is absolute clarity with regard to direction in which the government wants to move.
the direction is towards growth and development.
a very important highlight of this government has been to give a corruption-free administration to this country.
.
.
it has been an important year, a directional year and a direction at a very fast pace, he said.
he said the 2013 land bill stalled growth of infrastructure, irrigation,industrialisation and housing.
it was against rural areas and farmers and the 2015 land bill corrects these shortcomings.
hitting out at the congress, he said, when we obstruct, we must realise that it is eventually that yearning for 10 per cent that we are obstructing.
i have no hesitation in saying, the principal opposition party has positioned itself against growth and development.
they must reconsider their position in terms of the damage they can do.
he admitted that blending clever politics with good governance was necessary and bjp was conscious of this and has learnt from its experiences.
good governance always has to be blended with clever politics.
therefore, we are conscious of this.
it is for this reason that our party has been extremely active in forging alliances whereever necessary, expanding social bridges, expanding membership.
and therefore we are conscious of.
.
.
even our past experiences, we have learnt from it.
jaitley also highlighted that in the last one year investigative agencies have not been misused by the government against political opponents as done in the past.
that is now an event of the past.
honest people run the agencies honestly now, he said.
talking of the recent social security measures for public, he said it will help the large unpensioned society in the country and improve penetration of insurance cover.
jaitley said the 'one rank one pension' scheme for defence personnel will be implemented as it is unambiguous commitment of the government.
he said the ministry of defence is in dialogue with various stakeholders on the methodology of calculation of pension of ex-servicemen.
jaitley says indian economy fastest-growing in the worldnew delhi, feb 28, 2015, (ians) 13:18 istpresenting the national budget for the next fiscal, finance minister arunjaitley saturday said the state of the country's economy was better placed today with its credibility re-established by a series of measures taken by his government.
i am presenting the union budget in an economic environment which is far more positive than in the recent past.
the real gdp growth is estimated at 7.
5 percent for this fiscal, making india the fastest-growing large economy of the world, said arunjaitley , watched keenly by prime minister narendra modi, seated next to him.
we inherited a sentiment of doom and gloom and have come a long way by proper actions, said the finance minister, adding: our objective is to improve quality of life and to pass benefits to common man.
he also said a double-digit growth was now feasible.
our objective is to conquer inflation.
it will be only 5 percent by end of year.
the finance minister said his government did not intend to do away with subsidies but target them better to achieve the goals.
he also said some rs.8.
5 lakh crore will be provided to farmers in the form of credit, along with an allocation of rs.5,300 crore for irrigation.
he also said allocations for a host of social sector projects was being enhanced substantially along with some new social security schemes.
he particularly said the allocation for the rural job guarantee scheme will be the highest ever.
though extremely popular to say, the anti-corruption law must be made more and more stringent and more and more unreasonable.
that is the more popular way these days in politics, particularly when political discourse also tends to become more vulgar, arunjaitley , under fierce opposition attack over alleged irregularities in delhi's cricket body, said delivering the annual intelligence bureau lecture.
jaitley's comments came amidst the ongoing tussle between the arvind kejriwal government and the centre over alleged corruption in the delhi and district cricket association where he was the president for about 13 years till 2013.
suspended bjp mp kirti azad too alleged there were financial irregularities in the ddca when arunjaitley was at its helm.
jaitley has refuted the allegations and filed civil and criminal defamation cases against five aap leaders, including kejriwal.
this process has gone on for two decades and you have cases of economic offences which are investigated by several agencies, state police, cbi and other agencies which requires an introspection and analytic view, a continuing mandamus alerts the investigation, he said.
continuing mandamus is a writ of mandamus issued to a lower authority by the higher authority in general public interest asking the officer or the authority to perform its task expeditiously for an unstipulated period of time for preventing miscarriage of justice.
the finance minister said there are not too many cases in which investigating agencies in a case involving continuing mandamus have ended investigation in favour of the accused.
the golden rule which most investigating agencies follow is that if a court is conducting a continuing mandamus, it is easier to file a charge sheet and let the court decide whether evidence exists or not, he said.
it is an instrument which can be used rarely in cases where there is reason to apprehend that an honest investigation is not being carried out.
to make continuing mandamus a regular practice, may have a tendency to create an imbalance in the criminal jurisprudence due to the reasoning adopted in the judgement of cases, he said.
jnu row echoes at meeting of pol parties convened by pmnew delhi, feb 16, 2016, (pti) 14:04 istthe escalating row over the jnu issue today found an echo at a meeting of political parties called by prime minister narendra modi with opposition leaders speaking against the sedition case slapped on the arrested student leader and government asserting that slogans raised by students were highly objectionable.
the government said it is open to debating the jnu row in parliament during the upcoming budget session starting february 23 with modi saying that it will address the concerns raised by the opposition.
modi said during the meeting as opposition parties raised a host of issues that he was prime minister not only of bjp but the entire country, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu told the media after the over two-hour meeting.
today's parleys were the first-ever meeting of political parties convened by modi ahead of a parliament session.
we will respond to the issues raised by the opposition and address them.
.
.
i hope the congenial mood here will be translated into action in parliament, modi told the meeting.
naidu said there was a general consensus that parliament should run smoothly.
with bjp targeting congress over its support to anti-nationals in the jnu row, leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said his party disassociates with all such students who shouted slogans attacking india's unity and constitution but insisted that there was no proof of sedition against kanhaiya kumar, the arrested jnu student union president.
there is no proof of sedition against him, he said.
he also hit out at bjp leaders for defaming the party leadership with their anti-national jibe and said the government should restrain them.
azad told the media that the atmosphere in the country has been vitiated since the bjp came to power and its government has taken no action against people responsible for it.
naidu shared the opposition leaders' concern over use of terms like anti-national and also spoke about 'hitler' jibe made at the prime minister as he noted that all parties should show restraint.
government will discuss every issue under rule.
we have no objections.
government is willing to walk the extra mile.
.
.
let there be an open debate about what happened in jnu, the posters used there.
.
.
some said cops should not have gone there.
the mood was very good and cordial.
it was also said that a section of media is blowing things out of proportion, he said.
the meeting also saw trinamool congress pushing for the passage of the gst bill, naidu said.
jd(u) chief sharad yadav said parliament must run and all issues debated there.
azad, joined by senior party leader anand sharma, claimed that his party was always of the view that bills should be passed on merit but if there is a stalemate in parliament, then the government must find out the reasons and address them.
if people holding the constitutional positions are vitiating the atmosphere in the country, then it will find a reflection in parliament.
had action been taken against them, then many things which we see today would not be happening, he said.
defending kanhaiya, azad said he did not speak against the constitution and the country's integrity.
his arrest on the sedition charge is unfair.
.
.
action should also have been taken against those who vitiated the country's atmosphere.
congress leaders also spoke about a dalit scholar's suicide in the hyderabad central university and pressure brought to bear on him allegedly at the behest of abvp, the student wing of bjp.
arunachal pradesh governor's decisions leading to the imposition of president's rule was also raised.
asked about his party's stand on the gst bill, azad said the bill was not under discussion in the meeting.
naidu said the customary all party meeting ahead of the session will take place on february 22 in which bills and other issues related to the session will be discussed.
azad welcomed modi's move to invite leaders of various parties for the meeting.
naidu said all parties spoke in one voice that parliament should function.
frustration is rising among people due to stalemate in parliament.
.
.
issues are not being debated, he said.
in a veiled dig at congress, he said the opposition party spoke about the atmosphere in the country but other parties said there should be no ifs and buts and parliament should function.
finance minister arunjaitley explained the government's stand on the jnu row and spoke about the slogans and posters related to the controversial event, calling them highly objectionable.
jaitley slams congress on ishrat jahan casenew delhi: march 9, 2016, dhns: 1:41 istfinance minister arunjaitley on tuesday targeted the congress on the ishrat jahan case, accusing it of unbaring the entire security apparatus to fix a leader narendra modi.
intervening in the debate in the rajya sabha on the motion of thanks to the presidents speech, arunjaitley also countered opposition criticism of the government on issues like intolerance and foreign policy even as he sought their cooperation, saying it is not the time when one needs an obstructive environment.
as the two contradicting affidavits of the upa regime on whether jahan was a let terrorist triggered a fresh controversy, he said it was not a simple case of changing affidavits.
the then upa government also changed the composition of sit on a couple of occasions.
you colluded with those who were actually involved in the encounter and no chargesheet was filed against them.
then targeted the opponent.
in the process, you unbared the entire security apparatus of india because you wanted to fix a political leader, he said without naming modi, who was then the chief minister of gujarat.
for them, he said, this is not intolerance but rule of law.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad countered arunjaitley , saying intelligence agencies are not sacrosanct.
reacting to criticism on foreign policy, he said, we are compelling pakistan to own up to an attack on india.
that has never happened before.
jaitley also raked up the 'sharm el-sheikh' episode, saying you agreed to hold talks with pakistan irrespective of whether terrorism stops or not.
seeking opposition cooperation, he said this is the time when we dont need obstructive democracy.
our approach will have to be to work together.
this is the spirit with which this government needs to function.
new delhi, june 27, 2015 (ians) 14:13 istrajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje, who is embroiled in a controversy over favouring former ipl chief lalit modi but has the central government's backing, attended a niti aayog meeting here on saturday.
in her first visit to national capital after the controversy erupted, raje is also likely to meet senior bharatiya janata party leaders, including its president amit shah.
according to bjp sources, a meeting took place between prime minister narendra modi and shah on friday in which it was decided that raje would attend the niti aayog meeting.
finance minister arunjaitley had met shah and the prime minister on friday and discussed the party's strategy in view of the opposition's relentless attack on raje.
it was decided after these meetings to continue backing raje despite pressure from the congress, demanding her resignation for helping lalit modi with his residency application in britain.
a bjp leader privy to the meeting told ians on the condition of anonymity that it was also discussed how the blue corner notice against lalit modi can be converted into a red corner notice.
if the red corner notice is issued, lalit modi can be detained in any country, he said.
manoj sinha frontrunner for up chief minister postnew delhi, march 13,2017, dhns: 1:29 istunion minister manoj sinhaunion minister manoj sinha seems to be the frontrunner for the post of chief minister in uttar pradesh.
the bjps top decision-making body on sunday authorised party chief amit shah to select the chief ministerial candidates for up, uttarakhand, goa and manipur.
other names doing the rounds are bjps uttar pradesh unit chief keshav prasad maurya, union minister santosh gangwar and lucknow mayor dinesh sharma, among others.
according to sources, the four new governments would be installed after holi, which is being celebrated on monday.
the ruling akali dal-bjp coalition lost to the congress in punjab.
sinhas style of working, performance in the ministry of railways and telecom and his iit background appears to have given him an edge over the other contenders.
at the bjp parliamentary board meeting, which was attended by prime minister narendra modi, shah and senior leaders rajnath singh and arunjaitley , it was decided to send observers to interact with the newly elected mlas for selecting probable chief ministerial candidates in the four states.
briefing the media after the meeting, union minister j p nadda said the observers will submit their reports to shah.
who went wherewhile senior minister m venkaiah naidu and party general secretary bhupendra yadav will interact with bjps 312 mlas in lucknow, union minister narendra singh tomar and party leader saroj pandey will head to dehradun to interact with legislators to identify their leader for the chief ministers post.
union minister nitin gadkari is already in goa, and according to party sources, modi has given his nod to release defence minister manohar parrikar to head the government in panjim.
union minister piyush goyal and bjp leader vinay sahasrabuddhe will carry out the same exercise in manipur.
earlier, in his address to party workers, shah said the bjp will get an even bigger mandate in 2019, greater than the one in the 2014 general elections.
the win in the five-state assembly elections is bigger than our victory in the 2014 lok sabha polls.
we will get a bigger mandate in 2019, shah told the gathering at the partys ashoka road headquarters here.
writers returning awards a 'manufactured paper rebellion': arunjaitley delhi, oct 14, 2015, (pti): 0:08 istfinance minister arunjaitley today termed the steady stream of writers returning sahitya academy awards as a manufactured paper rebellion against the government in the wake of a manufactured crisis.
in a facebook post titled a manufactured revolt  politics by other means, he said, the death by lynching of a member of minority community at dadri was extremely unfortunate and condemnable.
no right thinking person can ever rationalise and condone such an action.
such incidents bring a bad name to the country.
subsequent to this, a series of writers have returned awards conferred on them by the sahitya academy on grounds that an atmosphere of intolerance has been created under prime minister narendra modi.
is this protest real or a manufactured one?
is this not a case of ideological intolerance?
, he asked.
jaitley said a large number of writers with left or nehruvian leaning had been recognised by the government in the past.
some of them may have been entitled to this recognition.
i am neither questioning their academic merits nor their right to have political prejudices.
many of them have spoken out against the present prime minister even when he was chief minister of gujarat, he said.
but after modi came to power in may last year, those who had enjoyed the patronage under the earlier establishment, have obviously been uncomfortable with the present government.
this discomfort, he said had been furthered by shrinking fortunes of the congress.
the new strategy of antimodi, antibjp sections appears to be to resort to 'politics by other means'.
the easiest way is to manufacture a crisis and subsequently manufacture a paper rebellion against the government in the wake of a manufactured crisis, he wrote.
jaitley said there is no atmosphere of intolerance in the country.
the manufactured revolt is a case of an ideological intolerance towards the bjp.
the finance minister recalled that when the nda government came to power there were reports of series of attacks against the christian community, including on churches.
it was alleged that the minority communities in the country are feeling unsafe.
each one of those 'attacks' was investigated and most of them were found to be incidents of petty crimes such as theft or throwing bottles to break a windowpane.
none of the attacks in and around delhi could be attributed to religion or politics, he said.
the accused were arrested and are being prosecuted.
the principal accused in the case of raping a nun in west bengal was found to be a person of bangladeshi origin.
the protest at that time highlighted two factors; firstly that this was an attack on institutions of minority community and secondly, the prime minister was quiet about it.
once the truth of these 'attacks' as being the cases of crime was established the propaganda and propagandists have both disappeared, he said.
finance miniter said the protesting writers have struggled hard to find a reason for a cause against the modi government.
the rationalist mr. mm kalburgi was shot dead in karnataka, a congress ruled government.
mr. n. dabholkar, another rationalist, was shot down on 20th august 2013 in maharashtra at that time ruled by the congress and the ncp.
both incidents need to be condemned in no uncertain terms.
it is the responsibility of the state government to maintain law and order and provide security to a vulnerable target of attack.
similarly, the dadri incident took place in uttar pradesh, which is ruled by the samajwadi party, he said.
politics by other means now dictates an alternative strategy.
but to manufacture a revolt, it is necessary to obfuscate the truth and create the impression that the modi government is responsible for these crimes even if they took place in the congress and samajwadi party-ruled states.
in fact, one of the protesting writers in 2015, while returning her padma shri has cited the sikh killings of 1984 as one of her reasons.
it took thirty one years for this writer's conscience to be aroused by the genocide of 1984, he said.
posing questions to protestors, he asked how many of them have courted arrests, protested or raised their voice against the dictatorship of indira gandhi during the emergency?
did the writers speak against the sikh killings of 1984 or the bhagalpur riots of 1989?
was their conscience not shaken by the corruption involving lakhs of crores between 2004 and 2014?
, he asked.
with the congress showing no signs of revival and an insignificant left lacking legislative relevance, the recipients of past patronage are now resorting to politics by other means.
the manufactured protest of the writers is one such case, he added.
new delhi, feb 09, 2015, dhns: 2:22 isti-t department in touch with whistle-blowerafter fresh revelations of indians with accounts at hsbc in geneva pointed to the whos who of indian industry, business houses, and politicians, the government on monday promised to expedite and expand the investigation into all new cases.
however, most of those whose names emerged in the investigationsa collaboration involving the indian express, le monde of paris and the international consortium of investigative journalists (icij)denied having any illegal bank accounts abroad.
there is no black (money).
there is nothing to hide, nothing to worry.
i am following all regulations and rules, nri businessman naresh goyal told reporters.
a reliance industries spokesperson said, neither reliance industries nor mukesh ambani have or had any illegitimate bank accounts anywhere in the world.
a spokesperson for anil ambani said, mr ambani does not have any hsbc overseas account.
congress leader and former maharashtra chief minister narayan rane said, earlier, too, my name had come.
there is no truth in it.
neither me, nor my wife, nor my family have any account abroad.
he, however, said the details that have come out newly were more or less in line with what was available with the government.
jaitley said that a case exists only if the additional names were those of resident indians.
if they are foreign citizens or non-resident indians (nris), then theres a different dimension to it.
the names of resident indians, which are additionalwell surely bring them under the scope of the governments action, the finance minister said.
later, the finance ministry said in a statement that the income tax department is in touch with the whistle- blower who apparently brought out the names of persons holding undisclosed bank accounts in hsbc, switzerland.
he has been requested to share information available with him with regard to undisclosed bank accounts of indians in hsbc, switzerland, and other destinations.
his response is awaited, the statement said after the indian express reported that the hsbc's indian list has doubled to 1,195 names.
until now, 628 indians were believed to have accounts at hsbc.
their names were shared in 2011 with india by france after an hsbc employee leaked the data.
jaitley also said that after the government initiated 60 prosecutions against illegal accounts around seven months ago, these names had become public by way of cases lodged in various courts.
he said that assessments of around 350 account holders had already been done and that of the remaining accounts will be completed by march 31.
the supreme court-appointed special investigating team (sit) chairman justice (retd) m b shah, meanwhile, said the scope of investigations would be widened due to the release of new names.
late on sunday, british banking major hsbc admitted there had been lapses in the past on its part.
we acknowledge that the compliance culture and standards of due diligence in hsbcs swiss private bank, as well as the industry in general, were significantly lower than they are today, it said.
the bank said that its swiss arm had not been fully integrated into itself after its purchase in 1999, allowing significantly lower standards of compliance and due diligence to persist.
self-financed institutes want exemption from gstnew delhi, march 20, 2017, dhns 1:16 ista federation of self-financed technical institutes has demanded that they should be exempted from the liability of paying service tax under the proposed goods and services tax (gst) regime.
implementation of the service tax provision for self-financing educational institutions will lead to an increase in tuition fee for the students, the federations office bearers and members said at a press conference.
they urged the central government to accept their demand and save the small dying self financing technical institutions of india.
its a very important issue.
we will soon meet finance minister arunjaitley to draw his attention towards it.
self-financed technical institutions should be exempted from paying service tax liability in the best interest of students, chief patron of the all india federation of self financing technical institutions r s munirathinam said.
the federation held its second executive committee meeting here to discuss the issue along with other problems that the member institutes are facing.
representatives from self-financed technical institutes operating in different states, including karnataka, andhra pradesh, telangana, tamil nadu, maharashtra and delhi, attended the meeting.
cabinet okays sale of 25  pie in general insurance cosnew delhi, jan 19, 2017, dhns: 1:51 istthe union cabinet on wednesday approved plans for 25  sale of the governments share in each of the five state-owned general insurance companies.
the government currently holds 100  stake in the five general insurance companies, namely, new india assurance company, national insurance company, oriental insurance company, united india insurance company and a re-insurance firm general insurance corp.
in august, the irda had issued a discussion paper on listing of firms, proposing that all general insurance companies in existence for eight years and life insurance companies for 10 years should initiate steps to get their shares listed on stock exchanges.
jaitley said the listing may include issue of fresh shares and offer for sale of existing shares.
in the 2016-17 budget, arunjaitley had proposed public listing of public sector general insurance entities.
the government expects listing on the stock exchange will require companies to come out with a number of disclosures and accounting requirements of the sebi that will act as an additional oversight mechanism.
the disclosures bring about transparency and equity in the companies functioning, an official statement read.
listing is expected to lead to improved corporate governance and risk management practices, leading to improved efficiency.
a greater focus on growth and earnings can also be expected, it said.
listing will also open the way for companies to raise resources from the capital market to meet their fund requirements to expand their businesses, instead of being dependent on the government for capital infusion, officials said.
kharge hits back at arunjaitley over parliament session washoutbengaluru, dec 24 , 2015, pti: 19:59 isthitting back at union finance minister arunjaitley who blamed congress for the washout of parliament session, leader of the opposition party in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge today said people who don't believe in nehru's philosophy have no right to talk about his legacy.
people who don't believe in nehru's philosophy have no right to take nehru's name and legacy, kharge told reporters here in response to a question on jaitley's facebook post chiding congress for disruptions and invoking nehru's legacy.
he said that despite pleading several times, they did not celebrate nehru's 125th birth anniversary properly and such people have no right to talk.
jaitley in his facebook post today titled 'stray thoughts after the winter session' has castigated congress strategy of disrupting parliament session after session.
crediting nehru for laying down healthy precedents in the initial years of indian democracy, he said, the current generation in control of congress will find a place in history of having weakened what their ancestors established.
on arunjaitley criticising the language used by delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, kharge said, bjp is indirectly responsible for the creation of kejriwal.
.
.
i can't say much about it because he (kejriwal) is their own product.
responding to bjp's allegation about competition between rahul gandhi and kejriwal to target prime minister narendra modi, kharge said the ruling party these days wants to drag congress vice president's name in every issue.
.
.
.
probably these days rahulji is even appearing in their dreams, this is the problem, he said sarcastically.
not willing to react on reports that bjp's margdarshak mandal is seeking inquiry against arunjaitley on ddca row following the suspension of party mp kirti azad, kharge said it was an internal matter of their party.
but we also demand an inquiry into the issues that have been brought out by kirti azad, he said.
in response to a question about parliamentarians seeking close to 100 per cent pay hike when parliament did not function, he said, i don't know.
i have not received any bill regarding it.
as soon as it comes i will send my comments.
responding to a question on ram mandir issue, he said such issues were raised whenever elections are approaching.
stating that congress had always believed and followed adult franchise model, kharge said some bjp ruled states like haryana and rajasthan were trying to restrict it by baring the illiterate from contesting panchayat polls and thereby trying to snatch away rights enjoyed by the poor.
he said there was no level playing ground for such restriction as india was not a hundred per cent literate country.
the supreme court had recently upheld the validity of amendments in a haryana law which fixes various criteria including minimum educational qualification for candidates contesting panchayat polls.
asked whether congress will challenge this verdict, kharge said, .
.
.
i will discuss this in the party.
definitely, i will take it up.
annapurna singh, new delhi, aug 9, 2016, dhns 2:36 istbill gets parliament approvalprime minister narendra modi on monday said almost all the commodities used by the poor had been kept out of the purview of the gst.
he sought to allay fears that the goods and services tax (gst) bill would raise inflation and hit the common man.
close to 55  of the food items and medicines will not be taxed under the gst, the prime minister said, intervening in a debate on the constitution (122nd amendment) bill in the lok sabha.
in his 42-minute intervention, modi said the gst regime would compel traders to give proper bills to consumers and help fight corruption and black money.
the gst will strive to free india from tax terrorism, modi said as he vowed to pay tribute to freedom fighters after 75 years of independence by bringing in the tax reform as soon as possible.
replying to the bill in the house, finance minister arunjaitley sought to address the concerns of the manufacturing states, saying taxes on manufactured goods will be brought down from as high as 30  at present.
he said the bill had enough provisions to help the manufacturing states, including gujarat, maharashtra, karnataka, madhya pradesh and tamil nadu.
the bill was cleared by parliament after it got the lok sabhas approval by 443 to nil votes ushering in the biggest indirect tax reform since independence.
the lower house had passed the bill in may 2015.
it took it up again to approve the modification made by the rajya sabha last week.
jaitley said that at present there were 80  goods on which the centre imposed excise at the rate of 12.
5 .
another 27  goods come under the sales tax levied by the states.
the gst seeks to subsume these taxes and bring them down to an acceptable level, he said.
the prime minister sought the cooperation of the states to implement the bill as early as possible.
at least 16 of the 29 states need to pass the bill in their legislatures in order to make it a law.
given that 13 states are governed by the bjp or a bjp-led coalition, and others such as bihar, uttar pradesh, west bengal and orissa have extended support to the gst, it should not be difficult for the centre to cross that hurdle.
sunil raghu, gandhinagar, dh news service may 23 2017, 16:35 istprime minister narendra modi on tuesday hard-sold his development agenda to the leaders of the african development bank (afdb) gathered at mahatma mandir in gandhinagar for their 52nd annual meet.
by next year, no village in india will be without electricity.
our clean ganga, renewable energy, digital india, smart cities, housing for all and skill india missions are preparing us for a cleaner, more prosperous, faster growing and modern new india, prime minister told the audience comprising of delegates from 80 african countries.
he went on to list achievements of his government in the last three years, stating that while fiscal deficit, balance of payments deficit and inflation had come down, the gdp growth, forex reserves and public capital investment had been on the rise.
he also credited his government for initiating bold reforms of less-cash economy, mobile banking, plugging leaks in subsidy distribution through direct benefit transfer, jan dhan yojana for universal banking and aadhaar - universal biometric identification system.
i have also launched an initiative to double farmers incomes by 2022, modi said.
referring to age-old association between india and africa on social, cultural and business front, the prime minister said that both india and africa face similar challenges of uplifting farmers, poverty, women empowerment, rural development and infrastructure.
over the decades our ties have become stronger.
after assuming office in 2014, i have made africa a top priority for indias foreign and economic policy, pm said giving statistics of his, president and vice-presidents visits to several african nations.
in last three years, there has been not one african nation that has not been visited by at least one of the indian minister.
he went on to add that india would continue to support africa in achieving key goals in the areas of agriculture, infrastructure, power and industry.
modi quoted training of solar mamas - residential training of african women to work on solar panels and circuits  has helped them electrify their community back home as well as empower illiterate or semi-literate women through other skills, like basket making, bee keeping, and kitchen gardening during their stay.
speaking at the event, union minister for finance & corporate affairs and defence, arunjaitley , said that though the world economy had begun looking up after a prolonged recession, it was facing an increasing possibility of disruption.
citing mixed experience on his recent us visit, jaitely said that though the global economic growth is likely to improve to 3.
6  this year, up from 3.
5  last year, there was an increasing possibility of disruption in it owing to the inward looking policies of some of the advanced economies.
new delhi, june 28, 2016, dhns 3:18 istsays fugitives will face lawprime minister narendra modi on monday sent out a clear message that he found mp subramanian swamys attacks on rbi governor raghuram rajan inappropriate.
calling rajan no less patriotic, modi virtually ticked off swamy, saying if anybody considers himself above the system, then it is wrong.
this was in reply to swamys remark that the rbi governor was mentally and physically not indian.
in an interview to a news channel, modi spoke at length about diplomacy, economy and politics.
modi insisted that he will give a taste of law to those who have escaped to foreign countries, making a veiled reference to liquor baron vijay mallya and former cricket administrator lalit modi.
i will show them what the law can do, modi said, when asked if it worries him that people have misused the law.
modis comments on swamy assume significance in the context of finance minister arunjaitley and the bjp distancing themselves from his recent rants on rajan and other bureaucrats, including chief economic adviser arvind subramanian and economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das.
nobody above systemwhether it is (by someone) in my party or not, i still think such acts are inappropriate.
this fondness for publicity is never going to do any good to the nation.
people should conduct themselves with utmost responsibility.
if anybody considers himself above the system, it is wrong, modi said, without naming swamy.
the prime minister also took a dig at the media for creating uncertainty over rajans future after the nda government came to power in may 2014.
the topic of television debates was whether the new government would let raghuram rajan continue.
or if the new government would oust raghuram rajan.
and there was more or less consensus that since he was appointed by the previous government, modi won't let him complete his tenure and will remove him.
now, you have seen that he worked his full tenure, modi said.
swamys attack was used by the opposition to charge that it was essentially meant to settle scores with jaitley.
swamy, who became a rajya sabha mp owing to strong backing from rss, had spurned jaitleys advice that he should not verbally assault bureaucrats who cannot defend themselves due to office constraints.
bjp firms up defence, says raje did no wrongnew delhi, june 27, 2015, dhns: 1:51 istparty claims lalit modi was not declared fugitivethe bjp on friday argued that beleaguered rajasthan chief minister vasundhara rajes confidential statement backing lalit modis immigration plea was not a legal document as she did not testify before a uk court.
the party decided to come up with a more structured response to the charges levelled against raje after a team of lawyers was put together here to prepare her defence.
raje has been avoiding the media ever since the controversy broke out.
in jaipur, the bjps rajasthan unit chief ashok parnami said that former ipl commissioner lalit modi was not declared a fugitive and hence the oppositions criticism was misplaced.
modi was never declared an absconder but a light blue notice was issued by the directorate of revenue intelligence at the behest of the enforcement directorate after he left the country in 2010, said parnami.
by levelling such allegations, the congress is indulging in political vendetta against her and is targeting the decades-old family relations between her and lalit modi, parnami added.
a senior bjp leader said that raje has put her side of the story before the party central leadership.
she contended that after modi swayed her to sign the deposition, she had an after thought which was visible in her subsequent decision not to testify before a london court, the leader added.
the bjp has emphasised that she supported modi because he was politically hounded by the state congress regime for his proximity to raje.
the party also did not find any wrongdoing in rajes plea invoking a uk rule that gave her liberty to hold back her statement from indian authorities.
a bjp leader elaborated that the witness protection laws allow a person to conceal his/her identity.
in delhi, finance minister arunjaitley met prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah to discuss the legal implications and the political fallout of the controversy.
shah later called on the prime minister in the evening to discuss the issue.
will bring out 'charge sheet' against deve gowda: bsylast updated: 11 february, 2011new delhi, feb 11 (pti) 16:42 istseeking to take the battle to his detractors' court, karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa plans to bring out a ''charge sheet'' against jd(s) supremo h d deve gowda and his family members on the issue of land scams.
unfazed by the opposition campaign for his removal, yeddyurappa also declared that his government is going to last a full five-year term and central leaders of the bjp were happy about my performance.
he said he was going in for a cabinet reshuffle in first week of next month which will see some changes in portfolios.
i want to publish a charge sheet against deve gowda and his family members before parliament session.
so many illegal transactions have taken place, especially land scams.
let them discuss it in parliament, yeddyurappa told reporters after meeting top bjp leaders l k advani and arun jaitley.
jaitley said in his budget speech that the government had accepted the election commission's recommendation to reduce the cash donation a political party can receive from rs 20,000 to rs 2,000 from any one source, which they need not declare.
the government's move will hit regional parties, which get money in smaller amounts, in uttar pradesh and other states as it would be difficult for them to make voluminous entries in their account books of people who donated rs 2,000 or lesser, a ministry official explained.
funding over rs 2,000 will have to be accepted by parties by cheque or digital mode.
former us president obama took online donations from people, like $50 from one, $100 from another, and there was no hassle.
the finance minister listed another measure in budget 2017 to cleanse electoral funding, which prime minister narendra modi has been harping on - purchase of electoral bonds from authorised banks against cheque and digital payments.
the bonds can be deposited in the designated account of a registered political party within a prescribed time limit from the issuance of the funding instrument.
finance ministry sources said this has been done to make funding transparent and easier for big donors, who otherwise had to generate cash to give to political parties.
the minister told lok sabha, an amendment is proposed to the reserve bank of india act to enable the issuance of electoral bonds in accordance with a scheme that the government of india would frame in this regard.
both the donor and donee political parties can avail existing exemption from payment of income-tax only if they fulfill these conditions.
this reform will bring about greater transparency and accountability in political funding, while preventing future generation of black money, arunjaitley stated.
opposition parties, however, were circumspect on the impact of new measures.
senior jdu mp sharad yadav wondered how these measures would check unsourced funding.
the government did not explain how the steps will ensure clean electoral funding.
corporate houses, said a senior government source, have been complaining to finance ministry that they avoid making public money paid to particular political parties out of fear of antagonising others.
new delhi, feb 1, 2017, dhns: 0:30 istsounding a word of caution, the economic survey has said the effects of demonetisation could linger on supplies of agricultural commodities such as milk, sugar, potatoes and onions.
vigilance is essential to prevent other agricultural products becoming in 2017-18 what pulses were in 2015-16, according to the economic survey 2016-17 tabled in parliament by finance minister arun jaitley.
it said milk procurement had been low due to currency shortage and sugar supplies could be hit as drought in southern states would restrict production of cane.
it pointed out that sowing for onions and potatoes had been low which could affect their supplies.
the survey, however, pegged agricultural growth at 4.
1   the same as the central statistical organisation estimated  on the back of a good monsoon after two successive drought years.
last year, the farm sector grew at a dismal 1.
2 .
at 84 , the farm credit growth has been impressive when compared with 59  achieved by september 2015.
the credit target for 2016-17 was fixed at rs 9 lakh crore as against rs 8.
5 lakh crore set for 2015-16, it said.
it pointed out the challenges facing the sector like regulation on farm trade, issues related to ipr in seeds and frequent recourse to stock limits among others creating uncertainty for farmers.
he urged the opposition not to make farmers an excuse to promote black money.
jaitley said the decision on demonetisation was bound to have some short-term impact on perishable commodities and luxury goods but would not have much impact on agricultural output, which was going to increase this year when compared with 2016.
decision on the largest currency replacement exercise of the world was not easy to take.
the reserve bank of india was working on it since may 2016.
both rbi and the government had held innumerable closed-door meetings.
the demonetisation bill was later passed by voice vote.
the bill replaced an earlier ordinance on the note ban.
with the passage of the bill, possession of more than 10 pieces of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes has become a punishable offence.
the bill also provides for a minimum fine of rs 50,000 for a false declaration by a person that he or she was abroad during the demonetisation period (november 9 to december 30) and taken time to deposit the banned notes till march 31 this year.
jaitley said it was due to indias overdependence on the cash economy and related evils that the government was not able to collect as much taxes as it should.
the cash economy has polluted every stream of the system.
because of the cash economy, the taxes we are getting are minuscule, he said.
on congress leader in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharges charge that farmers were suffering due to a cash crunch, the minister said, please stop taking farmers recourse to justify black money.
the whole country was patient.
only one who had problems was the opposition, not the people, the finance minister said, seeking cooperation of all parties in the important reform.
govt may give five-year tax break to startupsannapurna singh, new delhi, jan 24, 2016, dhns: 1:26 ista week after launching startup movement, the centres generosity towards innovators seems to have increased as it is planning to extend the tax holiday to five years from the three years as announced by prime minister narendra modion january 16.
a top government official told deccan herald that the centre was seriously considering the proposal and the commerce ministry was in talks with the finance ministry to work out a practicable solution.
the plan comes in the wake of some shrill noises that a three-year income tax holiday on startups profit was too little because normally, the profit occurs only after four to five years.
we are discussing with the revenue department (which comes under finance ministry) on whether the startups should be given the income tax exemption for three years after they start making profit or should they be given five years altogether, secretary, department of industrial policy and promotion (dipp) amitabh kant said.
kant is considered to be the brain behind modi governments flagship initiatives such as make in india and startup india among others.
budget bonanzaseparately, another official said that preparations were on to exempt startups from paying service tax in the initial years.
he said that this and some other policy tweaks may be expected in the budget to be presented by finance minister arunjaitley on february 29.
last week, the prime minister had announced a slew of measures to give a push to startups at a time when they were moving out of india due to unfriendly regulatory framework.
prominent among the measures were a rs 10,000-crore corpus fund, a rs 500-crore credit guarantee fund and exemption from capital gains tax and income tax profit for three years.
but modis proposal to invest rs 10,000 crore worth of public money in venture capital funds that are registered with indias stock market watchdog, sebi, was criticised on the ground that venture capital funds operate with risky business models.
in the same breath, the tax breaks were also criticised for being too little.
jaitley slams cong for hurting economy, in power and as oppnnew delhi, nov 23, 2014, pti: 19:16 istfinance minister arunjaitley today praised prime minister narendra modi for his successful three-nation visit and the work of his cabinet colleagues while attacking congress, accusing it of damaging the economy both while in government and in opposition.
he also said he was deeply disappointed with trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee's reaction to the interrogation and arrest of some of her party leaders in the saradha chit fund scam.
both india and our prime minister were at the centre stage in the g-20 meet at brisbane.
what better recognition should there be of india's enhanced stature than (us) president (barack) obama agreeing to be the chief guest of india at our republic day parade, he said.
jaitley, meanwhile, hit out at congress over its paucity of issues as he questioned why a public sector bank giving credit to a particular business house had become a matter for public debate.
his reference was apparently to sbi's mou with adani group for providing a loan of usd 1 billion (over rs 6,000 crore) to adani mining, the australian subsidiary of adani enterprises, for its mining project in queensland.
since when has the issue of a creditor's willingness to give debt to a borrower become an issue of public debate.
it entirely depends upon the debtor-creditor relationship and the credit worthiness of the debtor.
.
.
this showed a paucity of issues with the congress party, he said.
keeping up his attack on congress, the finance minister said that without reading the relevant notifications, the party had felt that kisan vikas patra (kvp) would be a boon for black money.
the notification of the kvp clearly shows (that) identity disclosure at the time of purchase of all kvps is necessary.
if the kvp is purchased for more than rs 50,000, pan number has also to be given.
.
.
it appears that the congress party had given reaction without reading the notification, he said.
various political forces joined the tmc to get the left out.
some individuals connected with the tmc have been involved in making easy money from the ponzi schemes.
the schemes have looted small investors.
as a new political party, it was incumbent on any responsible leader to purge the party of such leaders.
it is regrettable that mamata didi instead of doing that has chosen to identify herself with the cause of these leaders, he said.
taking up the burdwan blast case, he said nia had arrested several people who were behind it.
.
.
.
the west bengal police or the other intelligence agencies have no substantive material to establish that the blast was stage-managed.
if there is no such material, why has didi chosen to allege that the blast was stage managed?
such allegations clearly help the actual culprits.
this is neither responsible nor nationalistic, said jaitley.
jaitley also touched upon the running of the government and came out in praise of the members of the nda dispensation, saying that while the prime minister was touring abroad, his cabinet colleagues were working overtime to live up to the expectations of the prime minister and the people.
he said power minister piyush goel, through various coal and power sector reforms, has given a new direction to the ministry where coal allocation and power generation had stagnated as a result of the despotic coal allocation policy under the previous upa government.
the finance minister also made a mention of commerce minister nirmala sitharaman's successful negotiation with the americans to correct the imperfection in the bali text on trade facilitations.
india's food security programme has been protected from the imperfection of the bali draft as a result of the indo-us arrangement, arunjaitley wrote.
bihar verdict must not be seen as 'mandate to disrupt parl': govtnew delhi, nov 9, 2015, (pti) 16:58 istsmarting from the bihar poll debacle, the government today reached out to the opposition to pass key reform bills and urged them to not interpret the poll result as a mandate to disrupt parliament, which is set to meet for its winter session between november 26-december 23.
the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs (ccpa) headed by home minister rajnath singh also took a decision today to call a special two-day sitting of parliament on the first two days of the session to commemorate the adoption of the indian constitution on november 26, 1949, and honour its architect, dalit icon br ambedkar.
ccpa met today and decided to call winter session from november 26, which will continue till december 23 depending on the exigencies of business, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu told reporters after the meeting, which was attended by top leaders of the ruling alliance, including finance minister arun jaitley.
external affairs minister sushma swaraj could not attend the meeting.
naidu said that a two-day special sitting of both houses will be held on november 26 and november 27 to commemorate the adoption of the the constitution.
since we are celebrating the birth centenary of ambedkar ji, we have decided we will be discussing in parliament the commitment to the constitution and the contribution of ambedkar to it.
hence, there will be no question hour in the house on the first two days, naidu said.
the decision comes at a time when the government is under attack from academicians and intellectuals on the issue of intolerance.
meanwhile, talking about the bihar assembly poll results, naidu said that while he welcomes the popular mandate, he is disturbed by media reports that opposition parties in parliament will now be more emboldened to unite and stall the government's parliamentary agenda for the winter session.
all concerned need to understand the bihar verdict in the right perspective.
people of bihar want development just like people in the other states.
to realise rapid economic growth, we need to have the right environment in place, which requires considered reforms.
to interpret bihar verdict in any other manner only amounts to questioning the wisdom of the people of the state.
all parties have to understand it and enable parliament to pass the reform measures.
bihar verdict is a clear statement of people's aspirations.
it should not be interpreted as a mandate to obstruct parliament, naidu said.
noting that opposition parties may have some issue, naidu said that the government is willing to walk the extra mile to accommodate them.
asked about congress's insistence on seven amendments in the gst bill, he said that can be discussed in the house.
asked about the opposition likely raking up the intolerance issue, he advised them to show tolerance by allowing a debate on it in parliament, instead of protesting outside.
talking about the bihar polls, naidu projected it as an event whose impact is localised.
the bihar result reflects the mood of the people in that state and not the national mood, he said.
it would be wrong to see the bihar verdict as reflecting the mood of the nation.
assembly elections are based on local factors and situations and social arithmetic has gone in favour of bjp's opponents.
people have given their mandate on a local level and we have accepted that, he said, adding that his party would analyse the results in detail and move forward.
the minister said that to suggest that the bihar verdict will make opposition more aggressive and obstructionist is not really comforting for the people of bihar as well as the country.
he hoped that on the contrary, yesterday's result should be propelling all parties into constructive cooperation in the larger interest of bihar and other states that make india.
naidu said that during the separate special sittings of both houses of parliament, a discussion will be held on the commitment to the constitution as a part of 125th birth anniversary celebration of ambedkar and november 26 will be observed as 'constitution day' commemorating the acceptance of draft constitution on november 26, 1949.
question hour and zero hour will be dispensed with on these two days, he said.
naidu urged the opposition parties to cooperate in passing of pending bills including the one on gst.
replying to questions, he said that the measures for introduction of gst and real estate regulator were initiated long back and needed to be taken to their logical conclusion given the benefits that flow.
opposition parties may have some concerns and the government is always willing to sit with them and address them.
this has been our approach since assumption of office last year, he said.
we will consult them.
the gst bill was originally brought by the congress.
various concerns have been taken on board since then.
it has undergone a sea change.
any further suggestion has to be discussed on the basis of merit.
what is necessary will be done as per the parliamentary practice, naidu said.
to a specific question on the opposition seeking to corner the government on the issue of 'intolerance', he said, all these can be taken up in a discussion.
first one has to talk with tolerance to discuss any issue including intolerance.
sources said that there are eight pending bills in lok sabha and 11 in rajya sabha.
key pending bills include land bill pending before a joint committee of parliament.
finance minister arunjaitley had some time back hinted at a possible consensus on the issues.
responding on facebook to the former prime ministers recent interview where he accused the government of not sufficiently engaging congress leaders sonia and rahul gandhi on the gst bill, arunjaitley said he met leaders of all political parties.
dr singh also said arunjaitley met him to invite him for his daughters wedding.
the congress has done a volte-face.
the economist in dr singh should advice his party that tariffs are not provided for in the constitution.
cbi raids kejriwal aide's office, homenew delhi, dec 15, 2015, dhns: 2:05 istias officer, six others bookedthe modi-kejriwal battle turned ugly on tuesday after the cbi raided the delhi chief ministers confidant and principal secretary rajendra kumars office and residence, infuriating the aam aadmi party (aap) chief who called the prime minister a psychopath.
the aap sparked off a political storm by blaming modi for the action, with kejriwal claiming that he was the real target and vowed to fearlessly counter the prime minister.
a furious kejriwal said, rajendra is just an excuse, the real target is kejriwal.
alleging political vendetta, kejriwal said the agency checked files in his office to scan a probe report of an inquiry he ordered against the corruption-riddled delhi district cricket association in which finance minister arunjaitley has served as an office bearer for many years.
jaitley rubbished the allegations.
the cbi sources also denied kejriwals allegations as the chief minister capped the day with an angry media briefing, preceded by a barrage of tweets.
the day-long raids at the delhi secretariat and the ias officers residence in south delhi coincided with simultaneous searches at 12 other places.
by evening, kumar was taken for questioning by the cbi.
the cbi has registered a case against kumar and six others on the allegations of criminal conspiracy and criminal misconduct.
in the coordinated raids, the cbi claimed to have recovered rs 2.
4 lakh from kumars house and accused him of not cooperating by refusing to open his email accounts.
another rs 10.
5 lakh was recovered from a co-accused who is working in a telecommunications consultancy firm.
an investigator said that kumar allegedly abused his official position to favour a particular firm in the last few years to obtain tenders from delhi government departments.
the raids followed a complaint in june to the anti-corruption branch (acb) by ashish joshi, who was unceremoniously removed as member secretary of the aap governments delhi dialogue commission.
the acb forwarded the complaint to cbi in july.
joshi accused kumar of setting up private firms and awarding them contracts worth more than rs 50 crore without calling for bids.
bjp seeks apologyexchanging barbs, the bjp sought an apology from aap leaders for using unacceptable language against modi but kejriwal, in turn, demanded an apology from modi for his governments evil deeds.
my strong language reflects my rural upbringing, i admit.
.
.
but in the case of these people even their acts are despicable, kejriwal said.
the reverberations were also felt in parliament with arunjaitley clarifying that the cbi action was targeted at the 49-year-old ias officer for his alleged corrupt acts during the years preceding kejriwals tenure as chief minister.
the opposition in rajya sabha forced three adjournments over the issue.
non-bjp leaders across party hues, including west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, showed solidarity with kejriwal on social media.
terming upa government's land law as a defective piece of legislation, he said though the congress-led government had put defence and security as urgent matters, it had forgotten to put such projects in the exempted list.
this, he said, would have revealed the kind of defence or security projects being put up, where are they being put up and why.
signatures of 70 per cent of the villagers (whose land is being acquired) would be needed as their consent, as also the social impact assessment of installing the project.
it (upa's land law) was a defective piece of legislation and threat to india's security.
we corrected it.
it had a disastrous impact on security.
.
.
our strategic installations had held up, the finance minister said.
hitting out at the erstwhile congress-led government, he said scams and corruption, which used to be daily words occupying media headlines (during upa rule), are no longer there.
.
.
.
.
nine months ago, the economy was in a doom and today we are back on the global radar.
he also castigated the opposition for projecting the land bill as anti-farmer, saying a propaganda has been created that the bill is anti-farmers and pro-corporate sector.
.
.
i appeal to congress with folded hands.
.
.
you had been in power.
.
.
don't create environment in the country in which infrastructure and industry become bad words.
at the same time, he said when the act was formulated, 13 areas under schedule iv were exempted from land act, including the social impact assessment and consent clause.
the nda government has only added five more areas like atomic energy and national highways, he said.
centre denies i-t exemption to vtu with retrospective effectnew delhi, press trust of india, may 3 2017, 16:33 istthe vtu has been denied income tax exemption, putting a massive crunch in its operating expenses.
file photo.
the centre has denied income tax exemption to the karnataka-based visvesvaraya technological university (vtu) with retrospective effect from 1999 and asked the varsity to get a court direction in this regard.
in 2000, the vtu had applied for exemption from tax on its income under the section 12a as well as donations under 80g of the income tax act.
the varsity had got the tax exemption only on donations, not on its income.
the issue was taken up seriously until the i-t department in 2014-15 had seized the vtu's bank accounts with rs 441 crore and imposed a penalty of rs 127 crore.
after much persuasion, the vtu was given the tax exemption on income with effect from 2015-16, but the state has been demanding so with retrospective effect.
several representations were made to the centre.
even the state chief minister had discussed the issue with the prime minister.
the issue was discussed again yesterday at a meeting with finance minister arunjaitley and karnataka higher education minister basavaraja rayareddi.
central ministers ananth kumar and prakash javadekar as also senior officials of the central board of direct taxes (cbdt) were present.
it is unfortunate.
this will affect the functioning of the varsity, rayareddi told reporters.
now, the vtu has no option but to approach the apex court and this will take some time.
till then, funds crunch will affect the functioning of the varsity, he said.
the varsity is facing funds crunch due to seizure of bank accounts and has taken a loan of rs 15 crore.
it has no funds to pay the next month salary, he added.
asserting that the central government has all powers to change norms and give exemption in view of public interest, the state minister said, cbdt officials have misled the fm that it cannot review as the vtu has lost a supreme court case.
but we clarified that the vtu had lost the sc case as it had appealed under section 10 (23c) of the i-t act and the apex court had said this section does not apply and dismissed the matter.
rayareddi said the state government is asking the centre to provide relief under section 119(2)(b) of the i-t act in view of public interest as 217 engineering colleges are affiliated to the vtu with 4 lakh students pursuing various courses.
he said many private universities have been granted with tax exemptions and denial of the same to the vtu would be a great injustice.
new delhi, jan 13, 2016, dhns: 1:25 istseek budget estimations and allocations to the schemeover 100 prominent citizens, academicians, economists, editors, social activists and artists, have written to finance minister arunjaitley , urging him to accord the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act (mgnrega) programme the highest priority.
an open letter addressed to arunjaitley on providing time bound and adequate budgetary support to the mgnrega has been signed by personalities like aruna roy, girish karnad, n ram, nirmala laxman, jayati ghosh, abhijit sen, t m krishna, shailesh gandhi, e a s sarma, romila thapar, kuldip nayar, achin vanaik, and jean dreze among others.
the letter was handed over to the finance minister and the chief economic advisor arvind subramanian on tuesday.
the letter has demanded rs 5,000 crore for the remaining three months of financial year 2015-16 keeping in view the immediate requirement.
the letter has asked that the amount should be made available to the ministry of rural development immediately.
the letter has also said that subsequent budget estimations and allocations to the programme must be brought in line with inflation and be measured and maintained as a percentage of share of gdp.
given the overwhelming concern and an across-the board acknowledgement that rural distress is at an all time-high , it is imperative that a programme like the mgnrega be given the budgetary support that it is entitled to and as mandated under the law, said noted social activist aruna roy.
she stressed that the drought this year has again revealed to the government the usefulness of the programme.
the open letter says that adequate funds is mandated by the law.
new delhi, nov 3, 2015 (pti) 19:07 istrejecting hsbc whistleblower herve falciani's accusation that indian authorities are sitting on black money information, india today said he is raising a wrong hue and cry and asserted that details on illicit funds should be shared without any pre-condition.
finance minister arunjaitley emphasised that the government would take action on the illicit fund menace and said government offered a reward in exchange for information to falciani.
the chairman of special investigation team (sit) on black money, m b shah, said that india is prepared to extend full cooperation to falciani and other whistleblowers in its fight against the black money menace.
shah said it was a wrong information that falciani had put across to the journalists here yesterday that indian authorities are not cooperating with him.
he is not giving reply.
he has created a wrong hue and cry.
we want to tell him that please give it (information) to sit or to the government or to a journalist.
please, you (falciani) share it in the interest of the country, shah told pti.
a former hsbc bank employee turned whistleblower, falciani, yesterday said a lot of information on illicit funds is lying unused by the indian authorities adding that he was willing to cooperate with the investigative agencies in their black money probe but would need protection.
he is facing charges in switzerland of leaking details of bank account holders in geneva branch of hsbc -- a list which later reached french government and subsequently was shared with india as it had accounts of those indians who had stashed funds abroad.
these details are also being looked into by the sit, which was set up by government as per supreme court orders.
the government meanwhile today released part of the third report submitted by the sit in which it has asked law enforcement agencies, including the tax department and the enforcement directorate, to be more vigilant especially with regard to companies with same addresses.
government of india is making all efforts to bring the details (of black money accounts).
whoever has whatever details, he or she should give it to us instead of putting any pre-conditions, he told reporters in response to questions on falciani's remarks.
jaitley also said the government's representative has already met falciani and offered a reward in exchange for information.
about falciani's remarks, shah said, one should tell him that please give the information.
we are waiting for the information.
we are prepared to give him full cooperation but let him give information and additional names (about indians holding stash funds abroad.
shah said the request of indian investigative and enforcement agencies in this regard was communicated to falciani by the central board of direct taxes (cbdt), the apex policy-making body of the tax department, and sit earlier.
while interacting with journalists here yesterday through a video link from abroad, falciani had claimed that millions of crores worth illicit funds are flowing out of india.
we are not here to talk about merely figures but about possible solutions, falciani had said.
he had also said that money was not the driving force for him to share classified data on black money and suspect accounts.
it is not about money.
i don't intend to become rich, falciani had said when asked whether he is looking for money to share information with india.
he, however, did not give a clear answer on whether he had any more information on indians who have stashed illicit funds abroad.
earlier this year, he had hinted that he possessed additional information on the lines of the list of 628 indian entities holding accounts with the bank in geneva.
the finance ministry in february this year had said the i-t department was already in touch with falciani, who apparently brought out the names of persons holding undisclosed bank accounts in hsbc, switzerland.
he has been requested to share information available with him in respect of undisclosed bank accounts of indians in hsbc, switzerland, and other destinations.
his response is awaited, it had said.
india inc calls for lower capital costsnew delhi, sep 09, 2015, dhns: 1:46 istmodi tells biz leaders to start investingindia inc on tuesday demanded greater monetary easing to bring down the cost of capital for businesses, and asked the government to create favourable conditions for domestic industries in global trade by allowing the rupee to depreciate.
in a brainstorming session with prime minister narendra modi, the whos who of industries also asked for more improvement in ease of doing business.
they also raised their pitch for expediting the introduction of the goods and services tax (gst) in the meeting attended by finance minister arunjaitley , senior cabinet ministers, top policy-makers and bankers led by reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan.
the topic was recent global events: opportunities for india, and modi was keen on benefiting from the chinese slowdown by stepping up investment in the infrastructure sector.
it is a big opportunity for india as the cost of building infrastructure is going to be far less due to lower prices of coal, steel, cement and other commodities, arunjaitley quoted the prime minister as saying.
cii president sumit mazumdar, however, said the government had strengthened the economys foundation and thats why it was not affected by the chinese slowdown.
global economic conditions are undergoing volatility and uncertainty, following market upheavals in china, devaluation of the yuan and slowdown in growth in many economies, he said.
among the industrialists who attended the meeting were reliance industries chairman mukesh ambani, tata group head cyrus p mistry, aditya birla group head kumar mangalam birla, sunil bharti mittal of bharti airtel and itc chief y c deveshwar.
besides rajan, icici bank ceo chanda kochhar and sbi chairman arundhati bhattacharya and economists like subir gokarn and chief economic advisor arvind subramanian as well as niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagriya were also present.
in the meeting, modi promised to expedite reforms to fight the china-led turmoil, but asked the captains of the industries to start investing to boost economic growth.
the industry must contribute to investment in india.
growth in indias economy can only be achieved through teamwork, and all stakeholders must participate to build india, he said.
ficci president jyotsna suri, however, said high cost of capital might dissuade the industry from investing just yet.
the prime minister said this is an opportunity for us to take advantage and invest.
however, the cost of capital is too high, and i don't know how many people can take the risk and invest.
many of us raised the issue of interest rates, she said.
according to assocham president rana kapoor, modi said the private sector had a greater risk-taking appetite and that it should not shy away from doing so.
jaitley, meanwhile, assured the industry the constitutional amendment bill to roll out the gst would be passed by parliament sooner than later.
the industry also discussed the possible slowdown in the agriculture sector following a weak monsoon forecast.
they wanted the government to take steps so the rural demand was not affected.
oppn objects to nhrc selectionnew delhi, dec 11, 2012, dhns 0:29 istviolators cannot become protectorsthe opposition is determined to ambush upa governments attempt to select a civil service officer as one of the two members of the national human rights commission (nhrc), arguing violators cannot become protectors of human rights.
prime minister manmohan singhs government has prepared a list of 23 applicants for the post of member nhrc which fell vacant after pc sharma retired recently.
the members have a five- year tenure which can be extended.
of the 23 applicants, more than 50 per cent (13) are either retired or serving ips and ias officers.
former ifs officer satyabrata pal is the other member drawn from non-judicial background.
the commission is headed by former chief justice of india kg balakrishnan and has two other judicial members justice gp mathur and justice bc patel.
the shortlisted names will be put before a selection panel consisting of the prime minister, the home minister, lok sabha speaker, rajya sabha vice chairperson and leaders of opposition in lok sabha and rajya sabha.
however, leaders of opposition in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley of the bjp have conveyed their reservation to the government on shortlisting ips and ias officers on the grounds that the civil servants often are found to be violators and not protectors of human rights, sources said.
despite the opposition, the upa has sufficient numbers in the panel to get the stamp of approval on its choice as the member nhrc.
the just retired cbi director ap singh, special director vk gupta, former delhi police commission bk gupta, former ias officer and ex-secretary general of nhrc rajiv sharma, former union home secretary madhukar gupta and former ias officer anwar ehsan ahmad are among the top names in the list.
the bjp leaders have also objected to a lack of transparency in the selection procedure, as the position wasnt advertised.
sources asked how many of the applicants came to know about governments move on the nhrc appointment as they have applied directly.
two central ministers seem to be lobbying for a candidate who is currently posted in bangalore.
his application to the government was forwarded by a private secretary of a senior minister and another minister himself, sources said.
a former lok sabha speaker belonging to congress had also seconded a candidate from a minority community from uttar pradesh.
the candidate was a minister in up government in the past.
a journalists name has also been included in the list.
former cbi director pc sharma was appointed a member on march 30, 2004, during the nda regime for the five-year stint as member of nhrc.
he managed to have a three year extension in 2009.
the government and the opposition had a serious clash in appointing pj thomas the chief vigilance commissioner.
opposition leader sushma swaraj claimed to have objected to his candidacy as the kerala cadre officer was tainted in a corruption scandal.
thomas had to make an unceremonious withdrawal, after supreme court struck down his appointment.
kejri hints at more raidsnew delhi, dec 18, 2015, dhns: 1:18 istdelhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has expressed fears of more cbi raids against opposition parties after the aam aadmi party (aap) posed five questions to union finance minister arunjaitley over financial irregularities in delhi cricket body.
the aap has stepped up its campaign for jaitleys resignation three days after a cbi raided the office of kejriwals principal secretary rajendra kumar.
a cbi officer told me yesterday that cbi has been asked to target all opposition parties and finish those who dont fall in line, kejriwal tweeted.
he also maintained that arunjaitley was the brain behind the raid so that the probe agency could read files related to an inquiry ordered by delhi government into wrongdoings in the delhi and district cricket association.
jaitley has denied any wrongdoings and the cbi also said that only files related to kumar were searched in the raid, and its action was not linked to ddca files.
accusing arunjaitley of financial bunglings in ddca, aap leader ashutosh said the association allowed a private firm 21st century to sub-lease 10 corporate boxes at feroz shah kotla stadium, and claimed the firm owned by a friend of arunjaitley was extended financial benefit to the tune of over rs 5 crore for the deal.
the aap also called arunjaitley a master of half truth and beautiful lies and accused him of not revealing the full facts in his blog about a probe panel clearing him of wrongdoings.
aap leaders also alleged that the web of corruption around arunjaitley stretched to hockey india chief narendra batra and threatened to spill the beans on saturday.
s narendra, oct 6 2017, 0:14 istthe reserve bank of indias six-member monetary policy committee (mpc) has maintained status quo on the key policy rates.
the tone has been relatively dovish, while red-flagging concerns on weak economic and credit growth, inflation, stressed assets and bank npas, and geopolitical uncertainties.
the repo rate  the rate at which banks borrow from rbi  is unchanged at 6 .
so are the reverse repo-rate at 5.
75  and the cash reserve ratio  the share of deposits which banks must park with rbi without earning any interest  at 4 .
the statutory liquidity ratio (slr)  the reserves banks are required to maintain in the form of gold or government-approved securities  has been lowered by 0.
5  to 19.
5 .
the mpc, exactly a year-old now, has not given in to the clamour of finance minister arunjaitley , industrialists and their lobbies, and the banks for an interest rate cut.
a rate cut is not a panacea to boost growth, which slumped to 5.
7  in apriljune 2017.
cumulative rate cuts by the rbi to the extent of 200 bps (2 ) since january 2015 have not yielded the desired results either in the pick-up of critical private investment or by way of rate transmissions to existing bank borrowers.
transmission by the banks has been only to the extent of 0.
8-1 , and that too only for new personal, vehicle and housing loan customers.
lending has been anaemic to core industries like infrastructure, real estate, roads, steel, cement and coal, which are the engines of growth that have multiplier effects on employment, income, savings and investment.
liquidity with the banks has never been an issue, the solvency of borrowers is.
banks reluctance to lend to these sectors is due to the humongous level of non-performing assets (npa) at rs 12 lakh crore.
most companies in these industries are mired in huge debts and excess capacity.
the biggest defaulters among them have been referred to the recently constituted national company law tribunal (nclt) under the insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc) for either recovery of dues or liquidation, resulting in banks taking close haircuts and huge losses to be booked in march 2018.
recognising this critical bottleneck, the mpc has advised the central government to immediately recapitalise the public sector banks so that they have enough resources and the courage to lend to core sectors, reinvigorate stalled projects and give a big push to affordable housing.
the mpc factored in the positive macros.
the nikkei purchasing mangers index (pmi) continues to be at 51.
2, same as in august  a reading below 50 signifies growth contraction.
the index of eight core sectors has expanded fastest during the five months in this financial year (april-august) at 4.
9  in august as against an anaemic 2.
6  in july.
coal mining at 15.
3  (0.
3  in july) and electricity generation at 10.
3  (6.
5  in july) have outstripped performance, though cement, crude oil and fertiliser output are in the negative zone.
the pmi and core sector growth partially indicate a revival of industry and the tapering off of the effects of demonetisation and gst.
peculiar situationthe mpc is concerned with the rising inflationary trajectory, especially on account of the surge in food and oil prices and the durability of the green shoots of growth.
if it sustains for another quarter, a rate cut could happen in december.
the economy is in stagflation mode  low growth with rising inflation.
the rbi and the country are now facing a peculiar and contradictory economic situation with rising inflation, low growth, huge forex reserves of $400 billion, and flight of fii capital  some $3.
2 billion pulled out from the stock market in the last 2-3 months.
then there is the likely surge in crude oil prices (already up by 8-10 ), very high imports coupled with low exports leading to a serious gap in the current account deficit (cad) of $14 billion, or 2.
5  of gdp in the first quarter of 2017, and the appreciation of the rupee impacting exports.
as for the fiscal deficit, the central government had already spent rs 5 lakh crore, crossing 92.
4  of the annual budget of rs 5.
46 lakh crore, by july, which is alarming.
further spending will not only fuel inflation but will also breach the set fiscal deficit target of 3.
2  of gdp.
the position will get worse with weak revenue earnings, which the trend indicates.
the mpc has revised the gross value added (gva) growth for fy 2017-18 down to 6.
7  from 7.
3  and has increased the cpi inflation bandwidth to 4.
2-4.
6  for october 2017-march 2018, factoring in the impact of just the house rent allowance (hra) revision under the 7th pay commission.
the mpc is also seriously concerned over the fiscal slippages of the central and state governments, indiscriminate farm loan waivers, the surge in oil prices, the likely rate hike by the us federal reserve and other geopolitical risks which will seriously impact both the inflation and growth trajectories of our economy.
new delhi, nov 23, 2014, dhns: 1:15 istprime minister narendra modis attempt to push through key economic reforms has suffered a setback with many opposition parties deciding to scuttle a bill that seeks to increase foreign direct investment (fdi) in the insurance sector.
the centre wants to introduce the bill in the winter session of parliament that begins on monday.
the janata dal (united), bahujan samaj party, samajwadi party and the communist party of india (marxists) have opposed the bill.
with many parties deciding to block the bill, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) may find it difficult to push it through owing to a lack of majority in the rajya sabha.
an all-party meeting was convened by parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu on sunday evening.
later, modi reached out to the opposition saying that collectively all important issues can be taken forward in parliament.
naidu assured the opposition parties that the government is more than willing to work on their suggestions.
jaitley said the congress would pursue a destructive direction that had damaged the national economy when it led the united progressive alliance regime.
modi hoped that the month-long winter session would go very well like the budget sitting of the rajya sabha and the lok sabha.
the national democratic alliance (nda) government plans to introduce over 29 bills in this session.
the insurance bill, the coal ordinance and the constitutional amendment bill on goods and services tax figure high on the economic reforms that the nda wants to introduce this session.
the nda seeks to give a thrust to the pro-people budget it wants to present early next year.
naidu said: the government wants the national agenda for development to be given priority.
the insurance bill is one in that direction.
the four opposition parties have also sought the support of the congress.
the move is being seen as an attempt to bring together anti-bjp formations to exhibit their strength and collectively bargain for issues dear to them.
the centre wants the fdi in insurance to go up to 49 per cent .
the janata dal (united), bahujan samaj party, samajwadi party and the communist party of india (marxists) will oppose the fdi hike in the insurance sector.
we will seek congress support for opposition unity, janata dal (united) leader k c tyagi told reporters.
the trinamool congress, which boycotted the all-party meeting, has also opposed the bill.
the centre failed to bring the insurance bill in the last session owing to congress opposition.
the bill was later sent to a 15-member select committee.
jnu event had let support: rajnathnew delhi/allahabad, feb 15, 2016, dhns 1:58 istleft, congress demand evidencethe controversy over crackdown on student union leaders at jawaharlal nehru university (jnu) took a new turn on sunday with home minister rajnath singh saying that the event organised in memory of parliament attack convict afzal guru had support from lashkar-e-toiba chief hafiz saeed.
the incident (afzal event) at jnu has received support from hafiz saeed.
this is a truth that the nation needs to understand.
what has happened is very unfortunate, singh said in allahabad.
left parties and the congress challenged singhs claim.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury and cpi leader d raja demanded that singh must come out with evidence to support his claim, describing the home ministers remark as very serious allegation.
home ministry sources said singhs statement was based on the consolidated inputs from security agencies.
sources also pointed at a series of tweets posted two days ago, purportedly by saeed, asking pakistanis to support the agitation in the jnu.
the delhi police, which was probing whether the twitter handle actually belonged to the let founder, tweeted: this is to alert and sensitise the student community in jnu and across the country.
do not get carried away by such seditious anti-national rhetoric.
abetment of any kind of anti-national activity is a punishable offence.
the home minister avoided questions on congress vice-president rahul gandhis presence at jnu and allegations that rajas daughter was among the sloganeering students.
i will not name any names here.
.
.
.
all i say is that everyone should oppose anti-national activities, singh said.
cpm office attackedmeanwhile, the cpm office was vandalised by a group of people.
in a statement in the evening, the cpm polit bureau condemned the incident, saying a few goons owing allegiance to the right-wing forces attacked the party headquarters.
party comrades.
.
.
.
apprehended one of the attackers and handed him over to the delhi police.
the police must thoroughly investigate this incident and take action against the culprits and their mentors, it said.
amid the developments, prime minister narendra modi held a high-level meeting on the issue.
rajnath singh, finance minister arunjaitley and bjp chief amit shah attended the meeting.
in another development, the abvp lodged a complaint with the delhi police after a video purportedly showing its members shouting pro-pakistan slogans appeared on social media.
issuing a statement here, the abvp described the one-minute-32-second video on the youtube titled the conspiracy as morphed.
video.
.
.
.
is totally false and incorrect.
in the wake of this incident, the abvp has registered its complaint (with) the cyber cell about forged video, it said in a statement.
meanwhile, police registered a case against unidentified persons after senior congress leader anand sharma lodged a complaint that he was attacked by some abvp members while returning with rahul gandhi from the jnu campus on saturday evening.
new delhi, dec 16, 2015, (pti): 10:49 istamid his confrontation with the centre, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today made fresh allegations against the cbi, accusing it of seizing documents unrelated to the agency's probe against his principal secretary and claimed that a file relating to ddca was scrutinised by it.
kejriwal also launched a fresh attack on finance minister arunjaitley , saying he had misled parliament by saying that the cbi did not raid the chief minister's office.
cbi kept reading ddca file in my office.
they wud hv seized it.
but after my media briefing, they left it.
not clear if they took a copy.
docs seized from my office.
no relation to allegations being probed.
item 7 -file movement register of last one month, he said in a series of tweets.
kejriwal suggested that arunjaitley was worried about delhi government's probe into the functioning of ddca.
jaitley had yesterday dismissed the allegations against him as rubbish.
kejriwal also uploaded image of a document listing the files allegedly taken away by cbi from delhi secretariat during its day-long raid yesterday.
the office of kejriwal's principal secretary rajendra kumar wasraided by cbi yesterday in a corruption case triggering a fresh face-off between the aap and centre and a vicious political slugfest in which the aap chief lashed out against prime minister narendra modi.
kejriwal claimed his office was raided which was denied by cbi as well as the finance minister in rajya sabha where the opposition created an uproar.
he hoped for a resolution to the burgeoning bad loan problem following the government empowering the reserve bank of india (rbi) to order lenders initiate insolvency proceedings against defaulters and create committees to advise banks on recovering non-performing loans.
we already have a programme under which we have been supporting recapitalisation of banks.
where more funds are required from the government, we will be quite willing to look at that, he said.
but once the health of the banks themselves improve, we have also announced that the government will be willing to bring down its own equity in the banks to 52  and that can be used for banks recapitalisation, he said at a cii-kotak investor roundtable here.
this fiscal, the government has budgeted rs 10,000 crore of capital infusion in public sector banks.
the amount is lower than rs 25,000 crore set aside in the previous budget but will be insufficient to help state-run banks raise about rs 80,000 crore of equity capital that they will require over the next two years to comply with the basel iii norms and support credit growth.
jaitley said the non-performing assets (npa) problem is limited to a certain set of accounts and these numerically are not very large in number but the quantums are high and therefore, they impact the balance sheet of banks.
hailed as the biggest tax reform since india's independence, gst will replace an array of central and state levies with a national sales tax, thereby creating a single market and making it easier to do business in the country.
the current indirect tax structure in india is fairly complicated.
.
.
those who transacted in either goods or services would have to deal with multiple authorities.
the whole country was divided into multiple markets.
so a free movement of goods and services was not possible.
now, the idea of gst was that let there be just one tax in the country, he said.
new delhi, feb 11, 2015, (ians) 13:30 istthe income tax department has served a notice on aam aadmi party seeking an explanation on charges of receiving funds from dubious sources as alleged by a splinter group -- a charge that had already been denied by the party.
a similar notice has also been served on the congress, a party spokesperson said.
the department, that functions under the central board of direct taxes (cbdt) of the ministry of finance, has asked the party to furnish its reply by feb 16 -- two days after arvind kejriwal is scheduled to take oath as delhi chief minister following a stunning win in the assembly polls.
in the run-up to the elections, union finance minister arunjaitley had alleged that the aap was caught red-handed in receiving dubious funds from companies that did not have any business, and accused its leadership of adopting diversionary tactics to deflect attention.
he said such donations amounted to rs.2 crore through cheques of rs.50 lakh each from four firms.
the aam aadmi party had protested such allegations.
mr. finance minister.
stop throwing muck.
act.
arrest me if i am guilty, kejriwal tweeted.
fin min (finance minister) says we took hawala money.
hawala money in cheques?
i dare fin min to arrest me if we took hawala money.
he had also written to chief justice of india h.l. dattu and urged him to set up a special probe team to probe investigate not just his party, but also the bjp and the congress for the delhi elections.
the congress party said it has also received a similar missive from the it department.
yes, we have been served a notice.
it is clearly a sign of political vendetta.
let me ask: why has a similar notice not been served on bjp?
why single us and the aap out.
bjp has also spent crores of rupees on elections, a party spokesperson told ians.
at a press conference here last week, the aap volunteer action manch (avam), a breakaway group of the party, had questioned the sources of funding for the kejriwal-led party and alleged some of it could be sourced to what it described as fraud companies.
it said claimed the money donated on the midnight of april 15 last year.
new delhi, nov 27, 2015 (pti) 15:59 istunder fire over 'intolerance' issue, government today cited hitler's actions in germany in 1930s to target congress in rajya sabha for imposing emergency by subverting the constitution and said dictatorship was at its worst as even right to life and liberty was suspended.
jaitley narrated the sequence of events that took place in hitler's regime, suggesting that these were replicated by indira gandhi who imposed emergency in 1975.
there are worst illustrations in history when constitutional systems are used to subvert the constitution.
.
.
you have the most glaring example in the world when in 1933 in germany emergency was declared, he said, while countering the attack on goverment over 'intolerance' issue.
he said hitler, using the pretext of a threat to set ablaze the german parliament, imposed emergency, detained opposition to gain majority for amending the constitution, censored (rpt) censored the press and came out with a 25-point economic programme.
you impose emergency, detain opposition, amend the constitution, impose censorship on newspapers and announce a 25-point economic programme.
thereafter, you brought a law that no action taken by government was justiciable in court and then hitler's immediate adviser rudolf hess in his speech ended by a sentence that 'adolf hitler is germany, germany is adolf hitler', he said.
though he said he was only referring to the events of 1933 in germany, arunjaitley was apparently citing similarities to actions during indira gandhi's regime when it was said 'indira is india, india is indira'.
what happened in other parts of the world later, germany never claimed a copyright, he added.
the biggest challenge we faced (during emergency) was that article 21 was suspended and citizens lost even the right to life and liberty.
when some member from the opposition benches said comparisons should not be drawn, the finance minister retorted: of course, there is no comparison.
the difference is between a mouse and a mole hill.
he noted that after the emergency period was over, the constitution was amended to make article 21 permanently non-suspendable.
.
so, today we are far more safe.
jaitley, who also holds the portfolio of information and broadcasting, added, we should block all systems by which constitution or constitutional systems could be used to subvert democracy.
.
.
we must all be prepared to strengthen each of the institutions of democracy.
seeking to needle the opposition which has been targeting the government over 'intolerance', he asked how the house would react if ambedkar had made his 1949 speech today for implementing article 44 (that calls for bringing in uniform civil code) and article 48) that calls for prohibiting cow slaughter).
he stressed that there should be no state religion and theocracy should not be practised as enshrined in the constitution.
in the present times, he said, the biggest challenge to any constitutional system in the world is terrorism and there should be united fight against it instead of some adopting a soft approach for vote bank politics.
the biggest challenge to any constitutional system in the world is terrorism.
we have to fight that challenge together.
sometimes for vote bank politics, we hold ourselves back from criticising the way we should.
this is the result of the last 65 years, he said, in an apparent attack on congress.
in this context, he referred to the 2001 attack on parliament, mumbai blasts of 1993 and serial blasts on local trains in mumbai in 2006.
jaitley also made a veiled reference to the 1993 mumbai blasts convict yakub memon who was hanged few months back and said the manner in which he was passed off as a martyr .
.
.
somebody who virtually massacred mumbai.
how would have dr ambedkar reacted to this?
quoting ambedkar's famous speech delivered on november 25, 1949 while proposing the constitution document, arunjaitley the constitution-maker had raised apprehensions on whether india will be able to maintain its independence.
when countries are challenged, the country should speak in one voice.
therefore, those who seek to destroy sovereignities, countries cannot be seen to be ever supporting them.
.
.
, he said, citing historical events relating to jai chand and gulab singh.
at this some congress members raised furore and asked jailtey to specify what he meant.
to this, the finance minister said he was only referring to acts of terrorism.
i have no hesitation in saying that nobody in this country should ever be seen as soft on that kind of terrorism.
noting that independence of judicary is absolutely essential, the lawyer-turned-politician said appointment of judges to high judiciary should be done through a consultative process.
.
.
will appoint and everyone else is irrelevant.
no position of law can ever justify it.
he said activism by courts many a time has raised questions that it should not cross the lakshman rekha and the delicate balance between different organs prescribed in the constitution should not be affected.
no law can ensure to maintain this, arunjaitley added.
a court cannot decide how many calories a terrorist has to be fed or how bullets could be fired in an encounter, he said.
talking about repealing of the fundamental right to own and acquire property in 1970s, arunjaitley urged members to ponder over whether one should be transient in thinking and be overswayed and tinker with the fundamental rights as the same issue had come back to haunt during the discussion on land bill.
sometimes short term vision in dealing with constitutionalism is not the right thing to do, he added.
he also talked about the concept of federalism, saying after misuse of article 356 several times during one party rule, the fears of article 356 being violated is being phased out now due to the emergence of regional parties and coalition governments at centre.
he, however pointed out that various challenges, like violence in conduct of free elections, have been tackled, but the excessive use of money power is still a challenge to which we have to find a solution.
new delhi, jul 5, 2015 (pti) 17:01 istthe last rites of investigative tv journalist akshay singh, who was covering vyapam scam, were held today in the capital where rahul gandhi and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal were among those present, amid mounting outrage over his mysterious death.
delhi bjp chief satish upadhyaya, deputy chief minister manish sisodia, dpcc chief ajay maken and congress leaders digvijay singh and randeep singh surjewala also attended the cremation at nigambodh ghat in east delhi.
singh, who was working with tv today group, died yesterday after he interviewed parents of a girl who was found dead after her name figured in the massive admission and recruitment scandal in madhya pradesh (vyapam).
this morning, a dean of a jabalpur medical college, suspected of having links to some accused in vyapam scam, was also found dead under mysterious circumstances at a hotel in south-west delhi's dwarka.
at least 25 accused and witnesses have died so far in vyapam scam, an admission and recruitment racket allegedly involving several bureaucrats and politicians.
the congress and aam aadmi party have mounted a sharp attack on the bjp government in mp demanding a thorough investigation into the deaths of a number of persons allegedly related to vyapam scam.
congress vice president rahul gandhi said he was pained to meet the family members of the journalist.
pained to meet the mother, father &sister of akshay singh.
my prayers are with them in this time of terrible grief: rahul gandhi, said a tweet on his twitter handle 'office of rg'.
kejriwal demanded steps to ensure that the guilty are punished and there are no more deaths.
vyapam scam n all deaths so far ought to be thoroughly investigated.
guilty must be punished.
something must be done to prevent more deaths, the delhi cm tweeted.
minutes after the interview on friday, 38-year-old akshay singh had started frothing at the mouth.
he was rushed to civil hospital and later to a private hospital in jhabua in mp, but doctors failed to revive him.
from there he was taken to another hospital in nearby dahod in gujarat, where he was declared brought dead.
singh had called on the parents of namrata damor, whose body had been found under near railway tracks in ujjain district on january 7, 2012.
amid doubts being raised over the circumstances of singh's death, finance minister arunjaitley has also favoured a very fair inquiry into the matter.
my condolences on sad and untimely demise of young journalist akshay singh.
my thoughts and prayers are with the bereaved family, he also tweeted.
aam admi party demanded removal of mp governor ram naresh yadav and also urged for a supreme court monitored probe in the scam and deaths by a special investigation team (sit).
condoling the death of scribe singh, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan said his government is writing to the high court-constituted sit probing the scam to investigate his death.
chouhan said his government has no objection if the high court gets the probe into the vyapam recruitment scam done by any other agency including cbi.
some reports have claimed that 44 people associated with the scam have died so far.
the most high-profile death was that of shailesh yadav, son of madhya pradesh governor ram naresh yadav.
shailesh, 50, was found dead at his father's residence in mall avenue area of lucknow on march 25 this year.
ram naresh yadav, also a former chief minister of uttar pradesh, was himself named as accused in the scam before getting relief from court.
he also said the government is working to promote use of plastic currency.
we need a change in national attitude where plastic currency becomes the norm and cash an exception.
he also said the government is at an advanced stage of considering the requirement of furnishing pan card details if cash transactions beyond a certain limit are undertaken.
the opening of a large number of payment gateways, internet banking, payment banks and the emerging reality of e-commerce will prompt the use of banking transactions, and plastic money will rise significantly, said jaitley.
the jam trinity and direct benefit transfer of subsidies to accounts of beneficiaries of various government schemes will also be a step in the direction of checking black money, he said.
each of the 18 crore beneficiaries of jan dhan accounts has been provided with rupay cards, which will encourage them to use plastic currency and get familiarised with it.
the mudra yojana, over the next few years, will target six crore (or a similar number of families out of 25 crore families in india) to become entrepreneurs, said the finance minister.
loans made available to them by banks can only be withdrawn from atms by use of mudra credit cards provided to them.
more and more of their transactions will be through plastic currency or through the banking channel, he said.
the goods and services tax regime, once introduced, will also be a landmark step in this direction.
thus, for commodities like gold, where the exporter's initial purchase is after payment of custom duty, the subsequent transactions, which are mostly in cash, can easily be tracked, he said.
the governments policy is rationalisation of tax structures, taxing at reasonable rates, placing more money in the hands of small earners, encouraging and promoting use of plastic money and creating deterrence against those who continue to use unaccounted-for money, said the finance minister.
cabinet to decide on privatisation of air indiadh news service, new delhi, jun 1 2017, 2:12 istgovt says open to all options, including disinvestmentcivil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju had on tuesday said all options, including disinvestment, is before the government to take the national carrier to a new high.
dh file photothe cabinet will soon take a call on niti aayogs suggestion to privatise air india, where the government is pumping in money to keep it afloat.
civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju had on tuesday said all options, including disinvestment, is before the government to take the national carrier to a new high.
a source said the cabinet would soon take a call on the issue.
the talks come against the backdrop of arguments that there is no point in the government pumping in money into air india as part of its turn around plan and financial restructuring plan (tap-frp).
under the tap-frp approved in april 2012, the government had committed to infusing equity of rs 42,182 crore from 2011-12 to 2031-32.
the centre of indian trade union (citu) described the governments proposal as an exercise with a dubious intent to fritter away a national asset to benefit private airlines.
the citu said the move was against national interest and ill-timed as it came when air india has posted an operating profit for the first time in 10 years since its merger with indian airlines.
the privatisation of air india is not for saving public money but for frittering away a national asset and exchequer for the benefit of private corporate and private airlines, both domestic and foreign.
this is an exercise with a dubious intent, totally against the national interest, the citu stated.
gst bill close to being shelved this sessionnew delhi, dec 16, 2015, dhns: 1:47 istthe bjp leaders on wednesday dropped broad hints that the goods and services tax (gst) bill has been shelved but for the last minute attempt by the government to consult leaders of political parties in parliament.
a senior bjp strategist said he had no hopes about the passage of the gst bill in the near future given the single-handed opposition by the congress.
he even discounted the passage of the bill during the budget session next year.
however, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu was mulling launching a final bid to drive a consensus on gst by calling an all-party meeting.
by friday, we will come to some conclusion, naidu told reporters here.
addressing a gathering of industry leaders on gst, finance minister arunjaitley said with government business being blocked in the rajya sabha, future decision making will have to take place through executive action and money bills.
the congress had engaged the nda floor managers in a cat-and-mouse chase over meeting its parliamentary leaders.
mallikarjun kharge, the congress leader in the lok sabha, remained unavailable for consultations all through tuesday as naidus office tried to reach him in parliament.
naidu managed to have a word with kharge on wednesday but refused to divulge what transpired during the brief tete-a-tete.
bjp strategists were now banking on change in the composition of the rajya sabha after the biennial elections scheduled for next year.
as many as 75 members are retiring from the rajya sabha next year, but the bjps hopes of having the upper hand is not expected to materialise during the tenure of the narendra modi government.
at present, the congress is the single largest party in the rajya sabha with 67 members with the bjp a distant second with 48 members.
the modi government was keen to get the rajya sabha nod to some minor legislation amid the opposition din but chairman hamid ansari was not favourable to such an approach.
speaker sumitra mahajan had criticised the opposition for frequent disruptions in the house.
she said on tuesday that the majority has to suffer the dictatorship of the few after congress leaders staged vociferous protests against the dalit killings in punjab which led to a verbal spat between jyotiraditya scindia and naidu and food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal.
new delhi, feb 1, 2017, dhns 1:24 istwith the government deciding to merge the railway budget with general budget, officials in rail bhavan are expecting a better allocation of funds for development of railway infrastructure.
in the union budget 2017-18, which will contain a few pages related to programmes and schemes on the indian railways, the national transporter is hoping for budgetary support to meet a part of its capital expenditure while raising extra budgetary resources for strengthening the existing network as well as its expansion.
20 lakh crore safety fund named as rashtriya rail sanraksha kosh.
jaitley is likely to announce setting up of rail development authority, a regulatory authority for the public transporter, and formation of high speed rail authority.
the railways is expecting that a portion of its huge pension bill will also be absorbed by the centre on the line of other central government departments.
new delhi, mar 2, 2016, (pti) 17:31 istjaitley said the government is completely committed to absolute probity.
.
.
.
it all started with the infamous 2g case.
then, the extension of the case was.
.
.
it led to the aircel-maxis issue which has now further led to a third category of cases, the finance minister said.
responding to queries by certain members on whether fir have been filed in these cases, he said under the law, there is no need to file fir and only charge sheets are filed once the investigations are completed.
all i can say is that whatever action has to be taken under the law, under different provisions, once the violation is detected, investigations will be taken to their logical conclusion, he said.
.
.
.
all facts, including facts in relation to certain entities which have been named, i am not consciously using those names because these matters are under investigation, arunjaitley noted.
jaitley said on january 8, 2016, a charge sheet and a compliant has been filed in court by the ed and on february 27, the court took congnisance of that charge sheet.
notices have gone to the various accused who will now be tried in the aircel-maxis case and they will have to face trial and (it is) eventually for the court now to decide, the minister said.
according to him, a lot of incriminating material has been seized and details of assets held by certain entities in india and abroad have also been obtained.
pursuant to that entire information, witnesses are being recorded, those documents are being analysed, letters rogatory have been sent by the ed to several countries, he noted.
in these cases, he said the three acts involved are related to income tax, foreign exchange management act (fema), and prevention of money laundering (pmla).
jaitley said in the course of investigations, a series of raids were conducted by the income tax department and ed against several companies, more particularly in chennai.
this was followed up by raids against other companies also, he added.
i must straightaway at this stage place a particular limitation on myself and that limitation is on account of two factors.
there is a provision in the income tax act, as also in the pmla, under which i cannot make public the details of the investigation.
secondly based on another very important principle that if investigations are at a crucial stage and third set of cases has reached a very critical stage, then disclosure of that investigation material publicly may actually prejudice the investigation.
so i am therefore both in law and at the matter of propriety constrained from placing the details of those investigations, arunjaitley noted.
no one will be spared.
we have no holy cows to protect.
refuting allegations that the government was going slow in the 2g and aircel-maxis cases as absolutely incorrect, he said in all these cases, where cbi has come to a prima facie opinion that an offence has been committed, chargesheets have been filed and the trials are going on.
jaitley said, whatever was the stand of the earlier government, we have not been influenced by that stand at all.
the investigative agencies have absolute freedom to professionally record the entire evidence and if they come to an opinion that some people prima facie guilty, the investigating agencies are free to take actions.
for the second day today, parliament proceedings have been disrupted by aiadmk members who were demanding action against karti chidambaram following reports that he has invested huge sums of money in various countries based on searches conducted at his premises and other related companies.
call on indo-pak fs talks only after pathankot operations over :jaitleynew delhi, jan 4, 2016 (pti) 19:35 istindia will decide on going ahead with the foreign secretary-level talks with pakistan scheduled later this month only after operations to flush out terrorists from the iaf base at pathankot are over, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
i think let the operations get over and it is only then government takes a view on such matters, he told reporters after the national security council meeting presided by prime minister narendra modi discussed the terror attack among other issues.
jaitley was asked about the impact of the terror attack on the planned indo-pak talks.
asked about the identify of the terrorists, he said, i think we are at a stage where operations is still on (and) therefore it is not proper for me to say anything more than that.
jaitley said combing operations take time as the base is a large complex with a 24-km long circumference.
security forces managed to confine the terrorists to a limited area and have been successful in containing any damage to the strategic assets at the air base, he said, adding the combing operations is taking long becuase there could be explosives.
these were well trained terrorists and part of suicide squad.
when such kind of fidayeen attack takes place it has potential to cause huge damage.
the complex is very big.
the circumference of airbase is 24 kms therefore combing operations is also taking time, he said.
security forces confined them where they had initially entered which is far away from the strategic location, he said adding four bodies of terrorists have been taken in posession and the process is on for two more bodies.
the announcement would be made by security forces, he said.
the minister said the objective of security forces was to ensure no damage is caused to the strategic location, and our security forces were completely successful in doing so.
jaitley said the second objective of security forces was to ensure minimal damage.
in that also to a large extent security forces were successful.
during initial attack they killed 5 security personnel, during encounter they could kill only one and there was one accidental death of a lt colonel, he said.
the third objective of security forces was either to catch the terrorists alive or liquidate them so that they cannot do much damage, he said.
such kind of operation continues for long.
the reason for long operations is because there are huge quantity of explosives, area is huge.
the operational details will come from pathankot, he said.
at the national security council meeting today, there was detailed discussions on the the prompt action by security forces, he said.
even in mumbai, if you remember, on 26/11 the operation continued for a very long time.
there were 6 terrorists.
they were able to inflict damage in terms of loss of lives and property.
damage to the extent of 180 people, operations had to continue for several days, because these are trained terrorists, these are suicide squads who come here with particular object of inflicting damage.
asked if no lessons were learnt from mumbai terror attacks, he said a lot had been learnt.
it is that promptness which has led the security forces to immediately contain them at the entry point, at the first point itself.
it was this intelligence that helped them because they had taken precautionary action by flying in special forces etc, containing them at the very first point, keeping them at reasonable distance away from strategic assets and then being able to neutralise them.
i think it is collective effort of the entire intelligence and the promptness of the security forces, he said.
jaitley said prime minister narendra modi this morning chaired a meeting of national security council to discuss the pathankot terror attack as well as the attack on indian consultate at mazar-e-sharif in afghanistan and the earthquate in north-east.
modi, he said, has talked to chief ministers of north eastern states and the crisis management commitee under cabinet secretary is taking required steps like restoration of telecom and power services.
home minister rajnath singh was in north east while minister of state for home kiren rijiju was in arunachal pradesh and have been asked to focus on the earthquate hit states and take necessary actions.
minister of state in prime minister's office jitender singh has been asked to go to imphal immediately to assist and suggest aid to be provided to those states.
as per the last news firing is still on.
at the meeting, a detailed discussion on pathankot attacks took place.
government and i pay homage to all the martyr soldiers who laid down their lives.
they have made supreme sacrifice, he added.
as a result of this, terrorists were contained far away from strategic assets, they were contained and neutralised at entry point itself.
we are deeply saddened by death and casualty of security forces.
it was the objective of security forces that there should be minimum casualty, they should be either neutralised or caught and country's strategic assets are safeguarded.
and they were successful, he said.
to a question if there was any connection between attack on mazar-e-sharif and pathankot, he said, it is too early for me to make any comments on this.
ed should probe jaitley: kirti azadnew delhi, june 23, 2015, dhns: 1:37 istformer india cricketer and bjp mp kirti azad has demanded a probe against union finance minister arunjaitley and other bcci members for foreign exchange violations during the ipl t20 season two league.
the lalitgate appears to have opened old fissures within the bjp since the row engulfed external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasudnhra raje for helping disgraced former ipl commissioner lalit modi in availing british travel documents.
azad went on air on sunday to publicly criticise arunjaitley days after he came out in support of sushma.
why the #ipl mess reminds me of alibaba and forty thieves, was one of his loaded tweets, which was re-posted by lalit modi.
earlier in his tweets, the mp from bihar, had blamed steen ke saap (traitors) within the party responsible for the controversy blowing out of proportion.
another party mp, shatrghan sinha had seconded his views while supporting sushma.
jaitley, not willing to comment on the controversy on sunday, had in the past too declined to entertain a question wanting to know whom azad was pointing at by using the hindi phrase.
but, arunjaitley , who is official tour of the united states, insisted in washinton that lalit modi's rs 11 crore transaction with raje's son dushyant singh was a commercial one.
the growing chasm among the party leaders, an offshoot of the scandal, is playing out publicly for the first time since narenda modi became prime minister in may 2014.
he, however, backed both sushma and raje ignoring the oppositions demand seeking action against the two women.
the bjp on monday reiterated its blanket support for raje.
i assured her (raje) that the central government and the bjp stand strongly with her, union transport minister nitin gadkari said in jaipur after meeting her.
jaitley running away from probe, misinterpreting report: aapnew delhi, dec 27, 2015, pti: 19:23 istcontinuing its attack on union finance minister arunjaitley , the aap today accused him of running away from probe and challenged him to face an inquiry by an independent agency into charges of corruption in delhi's cricket body, ddca.
the party also said arunjaitley and bjp are misinterpreting the findings of the three-member committee, constituted by the delhi government to look into the charges of corruption in delhi & district cricket association (ddca), and trying to project that the report gives arunjaitley a clean chit.
the aap also asked why there was no demand for a probe into the matter from the government or the bjp when it claimed that jaitely was innocent.
interesting to see how some media houses are desperately trying to prove arunjaitley ji innocent.
why is arunjaitley ji afraid of facing enquiry?
that's the difference between bjp and aap.
aap takes strong and swift action on credible evidence.
bjp defends corruption and runs away from investigation, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal tweeted.
earlier in the day, the bjp demanded a public apology from kejriwal for levelling allegations against arunjaitley regarding delhi & district cricket association (ddca), saying a report of the city government has found no evidence against the finance minister.
the aap also fielded ashutosh, deepak bajpai -- one of the leaders sued by arunjaitley for defamation -- to counter the bjp's claims.
if bjp is so confident that he is clean then why is it running away from investigation?
they should take it to a logical conclusion.
why is arunjaitley running away from enquiry and investigation.
even the pm has said you should follow advani and resign till he comes out clean.
he should come forward and present an example before the nation.
earlier they rubbished the committee report, but now they are considering it as a sacred book.
the report also states that there should be a commission of inquiry into the matter.
a whistleblower had alerted the delhi government well in advance that the formation of the commission will be scuttled through the lt governor, ashutosh claimed.
cong hits back at bjp over nehru meetnew delhi, nov 18, 2014, dhns: 0:45 ista bitter war of words has broken out between the congress and the bjp over nehrus legacy.
senior congress leader anand sharma on tuesday accused the narendra modi government of creating obstacles at every step for the party, which had organised an international conference to commemorate nehrus 125th birth anniversary.
stung by the caustic remarks of finance minister arunjaitley , who had on monday wondered whether the congress' guest list was influenced by its depleting fortunes, the congress hit back at the government, accusing it of acting petty and trying to stop the conference from taking place.
sharma, who played a key role in organising the conference, claimed that leaders from across the world were shocked to see their deliberations found no mention on television channels.
when they (the world leaders) watched indian tv, they were left wondering whether the largest democracy was truly democratic.
please redeem your respect because the world is watching, he urged the electronic media.
former afghan president hamid karzai, former ghana president john kufuor, former nepal prime minister madhav nepal, former egyptian foreign minister amre moussa and queen mother of bhutan dorji wangmo wangchuk were among the leader who attended the two-day conference.
this government did not want the conference to take place.
we were denied the vigyan bhavan venue on november 14 (nehru's birth anniversary) when it was not being used (by anybody).
we did not get any cooperation, he said.
he accused the modi government of instructing indian missions abroad to stonewall queries about the conference from a cross-section of world leaders.
the aim was to dissuade them from coming.
there were many other difficulties, said sharma.
he also justified its decision of not inviting prime minister narendra modi or the bjp for the conference, saying: we will never invite them in the future either.
the congress has never complained that it was not invited to an event organised by the bjp or the rss.
rather, their invitation would be an insult to us.
major reliefs may elude middle class in budgetannapurna singh, february 29, 2016, new delhi, dhns 1:03 istservice tax may be hiked to 16 ; income tax sops unlikelyin his third budget on monday, finance minister arunjaitley may refrain from making major announcements for the salaried class but some tax concessions to promote initiatives such as make in india, startup and skill india are expected, to give a push to overall economic growth.
efforts will be made to bring about a stable tax regime and address retrospective tax laws to give boost to investment.
one or two percentage point cut in corporate tax rates may be announced in order to fulfil last years budget commitment and exemptions may be phased out in smaller doses.
service tax rates could be hiked to 16 per cent from the current 14.
5 per cent as part of preparation to bring gst regime.
but service tax relaxation is expected to be announced for startups.
no major excise duty concessions are expected except for those needed to promote make in india.
amid a serious mention of mega rich eating into subsidies and tax benefits of the middle income group and poor, subsidies on cooking gas, power sector, rail travel, aviation turbine fuel and gold may be scaled down or rationalised to eliminate the rich.
the finance minister will also try to cheer the market by announcing that this years fiscal deficit targets will be met but this cheer may be short lived as he is also expected to spell out the challenges in meeting 2016-17 target due to a higher outgo on 7th pay commission payouts and the likely increase in public spending on infrastructure and social sector schemes.
the centre has set a target for fiscal deficit of 3.
9 per in the current year and 3.
5 per cent in 2016-17.
though investors and the market watch out for this number very closely, there are murmurs that the dalal street may accept the slippage if the quality of spending is better as projected in the budget.
banking reforms may draw renewed attention in the wake of bad loans driving public sector banks to incur huge losses.
as part of revival of investment cycle, capital expenditure may also be increased.
capital expenditure had increased by 25.
5 per cent in last years budget.
housing and construction sectors, which are doing badly, will get the budget support along with smart cities with home buyers getting some tax incentives but there is no indication on upping the income tax exemption limit, which may go up very marginally.
currently the basic it exemption limit is rs 2.
5 lakh.
agriculture sectorwith agriculture remaining in distress due to two consecutive droughts and falling crop prices, the spending boost to social sectors including mnrega and rural employment programmes may be announced.
crop insurance programme may be expanded to cover more districts.
a direct benefit transfer approach to fertiliser subsidies and liking it to jandhan-aadhar-mobile (jam) platform may be announced.
the economic survey has drawn attention towards gross misuse of fertiliser especially urea subsidy by the rich farmers.
centre relaxes fdi rules for real estate sectornew delhi, oct 29, 2014, dhns: 1:35 istin a big relief to cash starved real estate sector, the centre on wednesday relaxed rules for allowing fdi in the construction sector including housing by reducing the minimum built-up area and capital requirement.
the union cabinet chaired prime minister narendra modi decided to reduce the minimum built-up area requirement from 50,000 sq metres to 20,000 sq metres.
the minimum capital requirement has been brought down to $5 million from $10 million.
aiming to fuel funds to the sector, the department of industrial policy and promotion (dipp), under the commerce and industry ministry mooted the proposal to further relax the fdi.
infrastructurealthough 100 per cent fdi is allowed in townships, housing and built-up infrastructure and construction developments since 2005, the government has imposed certain conditions.
between april 2000 and august 2014, the construction development including townships, housing and built-up infrastructure, received fdi worth $23.
75 billion or 10 per cent of the total fdi attracted by india during this period.
however, the sector was growing in slow pace with the lack of funds.
several real estate firms have asked the centre to relax the conditions to increase fund flow into the sector.
he had also said that projects that commit at least 30 per cent of the total cost for low cost affordable housing would be exempted from minimum built-up area and capital requirements.
modi reaches bengaluru for bjp national executive meetbengaluru, april 2, 2015, (ians) 18:12 istprime minister narendra modi arrived here on thursday on a three-day visit to attend the bjp's national executive meeting, which got underway at a hotel in the city earlier in the day.
karnataka governor vajubhai vala, chief minister siddaramaiah, bharatiya janata party's national vice president b.s. yeddyurappa and state unit president prahlad joshi received modi after he landed at the hal airport.
as hundreds of bjp cadres and supporters waited in the hot sun outside the airport to greet the prime minister, modi suddenly alighted from the car and walked up to them, waving and smiling at them.
we are humbled by modi's gesture to get down from his car and greet us in person.
he is our party's true leader and connects well with the workers, an elated party worker told ians.
amid tight security, modi drove to raj bhavan in a convoy, which was escorted by a fleet of police and vip vehicles that blocked vehicular traffic on the 8-km route.
after resting for some time, modi will drive to the lalit ashok hotel, two km from raj bhavan, to address party members in the evening.
on friday, modi will participate in the inaugural meeting of the party's national executive at the same venue and later address a public meeting at the national college grounds.
modi will also attend the second day's executive meeting on saturday and address party members in the afternoon before lunch and leave for delhi later, a party official told ians.
though the national executive meeting is the first after the bjp came to power at the centre in may 2014, it is the fourth time the meet is being held here after the first in 1993, second 1999 and the third 2008, when the party was in power in the southern state for five years.
modi will also interact with the bjp's members in parliament and state legislatures on the margins of the meet and collect feedback from them on the people's perception of the 10-month-old nda government at the centre, the official said.
keeping in view modi's penchant for his pet project swachch bharat abhiyan (or clean india mission), the cash-starved bruhat bengaluru mahanagara palike (bbmp) swung into action and spruced up some of the thoroughfares, roads and footpaths modi will pass through during his stay in the city till saturday afternoon.
in view of the presence of senior party leaders l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi, party president amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley , m. venkaiah nadu, ravi shankar prasad and rajiv pratap rudy, security has been tightened in the city, especially around the venues where modi will visit.
jaitley meets rahul, sets off gst buzznew delhi, nov 19, 2015, dhns: 1:04 istunion finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday met congress vice president rahul gandhi to invite him to his daughters wedding.
however, the meeting also gave birth to speculation that the former reached out to the congress leader eyeing the oppositions support for the much-delayed goods and services tax (gst) bill.
jaitley drove down to rahuls 12, tughlak lane residence on wednesday morning, just a week ahead of the winter session of parliament, to invite rahul for the wedding of his daughter sonali scheduled next month.
the gst bill was passed by the lok sabha, where the nda government enjoys majority but the efforts of economic reforms have got stuck in the rajya sabha after the congress and other opposition parties said their concerns were not addressed adequately in the draft legislation.
the nda doesnt have the required numbers in the upper house.
being a constitution amendment bill, the gst requires support of two-thirds of the members present and voting in the rajya sabha.
the nda needs to get the largest partythe congress with 67 memberson board if it expects to pass the gst bill.
other opponents of the gst bill are aiadmk and left parties, who together have 22 members in the house of 245.
after flexing its muscles in parliament, the top congress leadership has indicated that it is open for compromise on the gst but wanted the modi government to meaningfully engage the opposition on legislative measures.
the change in the congresss stand is learnt to have happened after some gentle prodding from president pranab mukherjee during his discussion with congress president sonia gandhi.
mukherjee is understood to have underlined the national importance of the gst bill which was first moved during his term as the finance minister.
the industry has also been prodding the government and the opposition reach a consensus on urgent economic reforms.
besides, sonia too is keen that her son rahul, who is expected to become the president of the congress soon, is being talked to by the government on important matters.
govt stubborn on gst: chidambaramnew delhi, jan 2, 2016, dhns 1:01 istdays after finance minister arunjaitley blamed the congress for holding back reforms and raising fresh issues with gst bill, the main opposition party on friday hit back saying it was stubborn and unbending attitude of the government which obstructed the passage of gst and many other reform legislations.
addressing a press conference here, former finance minister p chidambaram also charged the government with showing no willingness to engage with the opposition on any important issue, whether the conduct of foreign policy, relations with neighbouring countries or the rise of intolerance and communal violence.
chidambaram said prime minister narendra modi did invite congress president sonia gandhi and former prime minister manmohan singh for talks to break the impasse on gst.
the leaders raised three precise objections but the matter was not taken forward from there.
the prime minister said we will come back to you after reflecting within the government.
thats almost a month now.
we have not received the written response of the government or the revised formulation of the government on the three principal objection, chidambaram said.
bjp to scale down campaign in west bengal electionskolkata, mar 12, 2016, dhns: 1:16 istthe bjps campaign in west bengal assembly elections will be a much scaled-down affair with union ministers sushma swaraj and smriti irani leading the charge.
despite claims by state unit leaders that the saffron partys campaign will be a star-studded affair, sources in the party admitted that it would be a much muted campaign than the one it held in bihar though prominent leaders like modi, shah, rajnath singh and arunjaitley will address some rallies besides chief ministers of a few bjp-ruled states.
while the prime minister will kick-off his campaign for the state polls from kharagpore on march 26, party sources at the state unit said he would address about ten rallies, far less than what he managed during the bihar polls.
though modi was scheduled to begin his campaign with a rally in kolkata, it was shifted to kharagpore since state bjp president dilip ghosh is contesting from kharagpore sadar constituency.
modis campaign in neighbouring assam will be a stark contrast, especially since the bjp sniffs a chance to capture power in that state.
in west bengal, though the party captured 17 per cent votes during the lok sabha polls, it dropped significantly to six per cent during the municipal polls.
the state unit also requested to deploy leaders conversant in bengali, a language both swaraj and irani can manage, besides an apparent change in strategy post-bihar to give more space for the local leadership, a reason why shah will feature less.
jaitley and railway minister suresh prabhu would make guest appearances to appeal to the middleclass voters in the state.
in another significant change from bihar, the party would focus more on the achievements of the modi government rather than highlighting the failures of mamata banerjee.
bjp, however, would target mamata for her muslim appeasement policies to appeal to the hindu voters.
globalisation, tech driving change in practice of law: jaitleybengaluru, july 24, 2016, dhns 23:42 istunion finance minister arunjaitley said on saturday that when he was a student of law, it was considered the last option for a degree.
now, things have changed and the profession is highly sought after, the minister said.
he was speaking after inaugurating the new campus of the karnataka lingayat education societys law college at visvesvaraya bda layout in the city.
the profession is moving from traditional areas like criminal law, family law and civil law to super-specialities like intellectual property rights and international trade law, he said.
globalisation, the changing economy and technology are the factors responsible for the rapidly changing landscape of practising law in our country, creating new opportunities and making the profession desirable among students.
he emphasised that each generation has to be better than the previous one as the standards of excellence are becoming tougher.
technology is changing everything - the nature of crime, the policies.
union minister for chemicals, fertilisers and parliamentary affairs ananth kumar also addressed the gathering.
a former student of one of kle societys educational institutions, he advised the law students to inculcate a sense of legal social responsibility.
founded in the 1970s, kle societys law college shifted its campus from rajajinagar to visvesvaraya layout.
former chief minister b s yeddyurappa, state minister for law, justice and parliamentary affairs t b jayachandra and others were present.
budget right on focus, loose on fiscal mathrupa rege nitsure, feb 2, 2017 23:29 istto achieve budget expectations, it would require superior tax compliance, smoother migration to gst etc.
in line with our expectations, the union budget 2017-18 has focused on active economic stabilisation given the backdrop of economic slowdown intensified by demonetisation.
a large increase of 25.
4  in capital expenditure announced by finance minister arunjaitley reflects the governments intent to reinvigorate the growth cycle.
sectors that have strong backward and forward linkages and the ones that are directly hit by demonetisation have been given a higher budgetary priority in spending, notably the infrastructure sectors like roads (both national highways and rural roads), railways, airports, housing on the one hand, and agriculture, rural and allied activities, on the other.
according to the finance minister, total spending on transport infrastructure is pegged at 1.
5  of gdp in financial year-2017-18 (fy18) and overall infrastructure spending at 2.
5  of gdp.
however, as in the previous year, a major portion of the next years capital spending will have to be financed from off-budgetary sources, as the budgetary provision for capital expenditure shows growth of just 10.
7  in fy18 versus revised growth of 10.
6  in fy17.
even to finance the budgeted capital spending in fy18, the government proposes to rely primarily on net tax receipts, non-tax revenue (with lesser dependence on spectrum sales) and capital receipts (mainly privatisation receipts).
it has assumed a growth of 12.
7  in net tax receipts in fy18 (vs 15.
4  in fy17).
to achieve the stipulated growth numbers in tax receipts, the government has taken recourse to the economic growth projections of multilateral organisations like the imf and world bank and placed the nominal gdp growth at 11.
8  in fy18 to be helped by the rising global prices of oil and other non-energy commodities.
there also seem to be hyped up expectations regarding the income tax receipts from the attack on black money.
even privatisation receipts are expected to go up significantly by 59.
3  in fy18 versus just 8.
0  in fy17.
this kind of budget math is achievable, but only if india indeed grows in line with the expectations of multilateral organisations.
this, in turn, would require another normal monsoon in fy18, higher private investment spending despite high cost-push inflationary pressures (from increasing global commodity prices) and crowding out by public investment, lesser disruptions to indias exports and investment inflows despite the us president donald trump effect, superior tax compliance, smoother migration to the goods and services tax, and more importantly, one-and-a-half times growth in privatisation receipts.
hence, the success of the budget would depend upon how its fiscal arithmetic pans out in fy18 based on several positive actions and reactions assumed in the budgetary exercise.
however, the reform focus of the budget is right on target.
in particular, the government has cut the corporate tax rate for small companies with a turnover of up to rs 50 crore to 25 , which is expected to benefit 96  of indian companies.
even income tax rate is cut from 10  to 5  for smaller income groups (for incomes rs 2.
5 lakh to rs 5 lakh) to promote equality.
other progressive measures include incentivising digital payments and discouraging the cash use, a push towards transparency in political funding and abolition of foreign investment promotion board to promote foreign direct investments.
it is heartening to note that the government has avoided introduction of the controversial concepts of universal basic income and bad bank that do not seem to be feasible in indias complex political economic settings.
decent improvementon paper, the government has shown a fiscal deficit at 3.
2  of gdp in fy18 that shows a decent improvement over 3.
5  in fy17.
however, to attain this goal or even to go near it, indias growth has to recover significantly in fy18.
moreover, it is not enough only to focus on central governments fiscal deficit.
fiscal positions of the state governments too matter.
according to a special report by india ratings on the budgetary positions of 23 states, only 12 states had a revenue surplus in fy16.
with increasing uncertainty in the global environment, india will have to rely more on domestic drivers of growth.
luckily, cpi inflation has become benign given the negative demand shock of the demonetisation measure and improved food grain availability.
this has opened up space for the rbi to frontload the policy rate cuts on february 8 to give a boost to leveraged demand.
at the same time, the governments  both at the central and the state levels  should focus on improving project implementation and sorting out supply side challenges that are acting as a drag on corporate investments for several years.
while the budgetary stimulus can improve the feel good factor in the near term, addressing long-standing supply side bottlenecks, labour and product market reforms, implementation of the bankruptcy code, creation of capital buffers for public sector banks and improving the fiscal credibility of the state governments are some basic prerequisites to attain macroeconomic stability on a sustainable basis, in the current indian settings.
centre shelves gst plan for 2016new delhi, sep 10, 2015, dhns: 1:34 istthe nda government on wednesday virtually shelved its plans to roll out the goods and services tax (gst) regime from april 1, 2016, with the congress refusing to cooperate for reconvening a parliamentary session to pass the relevant legislation.
the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs decided to recommend to the president to prorogue both the houses of parliament that were adjourned sine die on august 13.
the government was exploring possibilities of reconvening a session of the parliament for a brief session to pass the constitutional (122nd amendment) or gst bill.
jaitley said the numbers were against the congress and hence it had only one option of vetoing the gst by creating a disturbance in the rajya sabha and force an adjournment.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu had opened channels of communication with congress leaders mallikarjun kharge and ghulam nabi azad but the duo had flagged three non-negotiable concerns.
besides the constitution amendment bill, the parliament has to pass one supporting legislation and the state legislatures have to adopt two bills to enable the roll-out of the gst regime.
sans advani, modi, bjp to kickstart poll campaign todaybangalore, apr 7, 2013 (pti): 14:58 istthe ruling bjp will launch its campaign for the may 5 assembly elections in karnataka tomorrow with the party stalwarts l k advani and gujarat chief minister narendra modi to skip the event.
the two leaders' absence seems to have taken some sheen off the rally, which would be addressed by party president rajnath singh, leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj and her counterpart in rajya sabha arun jaitley.
modi kept away from bjp's central election committee that met last friday when the first batch of 140 candidates for the karnataka polls was decided, with party leaders maintaining that he had prior engagements and hence could not make it.
modi would be in delhi tomorrow to address a programme organised by ficci's ladies wing.
the second round of the cec meeting is expected to be held on april 9.
there is intense speculation over whether the gujarat chief minister, being projected by a section of the bjp as a presumptive prime ministerial candidate of the party for the next lok sabha elections, would campaign in karnataka poll but party leaders insist that he would address public meetings for sure.
his poll programme is yet to be finalised.
the question is also being asked if modi's campaign programme would be full-fledged or it would be limited to a minimum in the background of the ruling bjp being saddled with anti-incumbency factor and desertion of some 30 mlas and corruption charges against a few ministers during its tenure.
advani's absence tomorrow has also not gone unnoticed.
only last month, the bjp veteran had criticised wavering and unprincipled handling of the state during the tenure of b s yeddyurappa as chief minister.
cabinet panel clears changes to ncw actnew delhi, april 09, 2015, dhns 1:39 istan informal cabinet committee has approved the draft bill for amending the national commission for women (ncw) act.
the new bill will give more powers to the commission, but will not fulfil the desire of the women and child development ministry to make the body as powerful as the national human rights commission.
according to sources, the informal cabinet committee headed by finance minster arunjaitley disapproved of the proposal of the wcd ministry to only appoint retired judges of the supreme court or the high court as the chairman of the ncw.
according to the approved bill, along with judges, eminent persons with expertise in womens issues would be eligible for the post.
in order to man the commission with more people from the legal field, the draft bill has provided that a good mix of people from judiciary and other fields should be its members, said a source in the wcd ministry.
the draft bill will have the provision of compulsory summons.
if the summons are not be complied with, the ncw will have powers to impose penalties.
the ncw will have a police officer of the rank of inspector of general of police to investigate cases.
however, the cabinet has disapproved of the proposal for giving power of arrest to the commission.
bsy told to treat party workers with respectlast updated: 11 february, 2011new delhi, feb 11, dhns: 0:57 istbjp leadership takes chief minister to task over ananth kumars complaintthe bjp leadership on friday asked chief minister b s yeddyurappa to treat party workers and leaders with respect and to exercise patience while dealing with them.
the piece of advice was given by bjp veteran l k advani, senior leaders sushma swaraj, arunjaitley and party chief nitin gadkari when the chief minister called on them.
yeddyurappa assured them that he would keep it in mind and take everyone into confidence.
bjp insiders told deccan herald that yeddyurappa was summoned by the leadership after party general secretary ananth kumar complained that the chief minister had abused him on the day governor h r bhardwaj granted sanction for prosecution of the chief minister.
this happened at the chief ministers residence in the presence of several state leaders, kumar had informed the national leaders.
swaraj directly asked yeddyurappa about the incident as soon as they met in the evening.
the cm assured her that there would not be any problem henceforth.
it was both me and kumar who built the party in karnataka.
whatever happened was a minor incident.
it will not be repeated, yeddyurappa told swaraj as he did to other leaders.
he also told them that the two would strive to make the bjp workers meeting, scheduled for february 20 in bangalore, a success.
yeddyurappa, who did not refer to this part of his visit during his meeting with reporters earlier during the day, said he briefed the party leaders on the forthcoming special budget on agriculture.
he also disclosed that he would shortly release a chargesheet against the family of former prime minister h d deve gowda.
he alleged that the gowda family had amassed wealth.
the chargesheet would be sent to all the mps so that it could be debated in parliament starting february 21.
the cm said the discussion on the byelection for the lone rajya sabha seat had already started and candidates would be shortlisted shortly for the march 3 poll.
there would be cabinet expansion coupled with changes in the portfolios.
but he ruled out mid-term elections in the state.
he said the party had secured 43 per cent of votes in the taluk panchayat elections held recently.
the party has now 19 of the 30 zilla panchayats under its control, he added.
railways seeks rs 32k cr for 7th pay panelnew delhi, jan 2, 2016, dhns: 1:21 istrailway minister suresh prabhu has written to finance minister arunjaitley seeking rs 32,000 crore during the next three to four years for implementing the seventh pay commission recommendations.
railways bear over 35 per cent of the amount spent on pay and allowances of the total central government employees.
prabhu has pointed that this is more than one-third of the burden to be caused by implementing the commissions recommendations.
implementation of pay commission will annually increase the liability of the railways by rs 28 crore.
prabhu has also assured the finance minister that the railways would be able to absorb the burden in the next three to four years.
he has also indicated that passenger fares could be adjusted and the railways would be taking other measures.
however, prabhu has ruled out increase in freight rates and argued that there is no room for it.
the first factor of freight earnings originating at loading is demand driven and is largely not within the control of the railways.
the second factor that is freight rates, though is within railways competence, there is hardly any headroom available for increasing the same without affecting competitiveness adversely, he said, pointing out to the railways competition with the road transport sector.
he has also said that increase in freight rate would also adversely impact the national economy by affecting the cost of transportation of coal, cement and foodgrain.
prabhu has pointed how it is difficult for railways to cut its cost.
while we have put in place serious cost-cutting measures and are focusing on fuel management, he said.
cattle sale ban has nothing to do with state laws: jaitleydh news service, new delhi, jun 2 2017, 1:52 istrejects criticism that centre is trying to enforce beef banunder the notification, titled the prevention of cruelty to animals (regulation of livestock markets) rules, 2017, those who wish to sell cattle - bulls, cows, buffaloes, steers, heifers and camels - may do so only after they formally state that the animals have not been 'brought to the market for sale for slaughter'.
dh file photothe centre on thursday said that a recent notification on cattle trade had nothing to do with the slaughter of cattle, which is governed by the respective state laws.
the clarification issued by the ministry of environment and forests (via a notification) has nothing to do with the state laws.
this only deals with who can buy cattle from the farmers market and who cant, said finance minister arun jaitley.
every state has its own legislation or no legislation (with regard to the slaughter of cattle).
the ban will not override the state laws.
he said, you have a provision in the constitution, article 48 (directive principles), which says that certain category of animals has to be protected.
jaitley was replying to a question on three chief ministers, including from kerala and west bengal, writing to the centre opposing the notification regulating cattle trade in which animals cannot be sold for slaughter.
since the 1950s, right from nehrus era, state after state have been framing legislations.
now there are two categories of states  ones which have prohibited slaughter, others which have not.
those laws are continuing, he said.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee had said on monday that the centres decision was unconstitutional.
she described the ban as an attempt to encroach upon the states power.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan, too, urged other non-bjp chief ministers to raise their voice against the restrictions on cattle trade, saying the centres anti-federal, anti-democratic and anti-secular move is an attempt to usurp power from the state governments.
under the notification, titled the prevention of cruelty to animals (regulation of livestock markets) rules, 2017, those who wish to sell cattle  bulls, cows, buffaloes, steers, heifers and camels  may do so only after they formally state that the animals have not been brought to the market for sale for slaughter.
buyers of cattle at animal markets will have to prove they are agriculturalists and declare that they will not sell the animals for a period of six months from the date of purchase.
the rules, notified by the ministry of environment, forest and climate change on may 23, also says buyers should follow the state cattle protection and preservation laws and not sacrifice the animal for any religious purpose.
the rules also prohibit cattle purchased from animal markets from being sold outside the state, without permission.
new delhi/mangalore, jan 3,dhns: 23:28 istsenior leader arunjaitley to attend state executive meet in bloreshobha, a close confidante of yeddyurappa, met party national president nitin gadkari and opposition leader in rajya sabha arunjaitley here on tuesday and discussed the party affairs in the state.
worried over yeddyurappa serving ultimatum to the party to make him the chief minister, the party senior leaders also asked shobha to advise him to wait patiently till they explore some avenue to address the issue.
senior leader arunjaitley will attend the state executive meeting to be held in bangalore soon, and later gadkari will also visit the state to address the partys senior leaders who are at loggerheads.
yeddyurappa had served an ultimatum to make him the chief minister by january 15 and threatened to take future action, if his demand was not met.
the party top brass also advised all leaders from the state unit, including yeddyurappa and party state unit president k s eshwarappa, not to give any statement to media about differences among them.
however, chief minister d v sadananda gowda in mangalore said he was unaware of the reason for shobhas delhi visit.
she would have updated the high command about the various developments in the state and i do not think there is a need to attach any meaning to her visit, said the chief minister.
gowda said the party leaders have been trying their level best to solve the confusions between yeddyurappa and eshwarappa.
finance ministers have to do a bit of tight rope walking during every budget presentation.
the task becomes even more difficult as elections approach.
at a time when the ruling party is about to face a series of state assembly elections this year and early next year and has to face the general elections by mid-2019, finance minister arunjaitley has tried to perform a balancing act in his budget for 2018-19, addressing the ruling establishment's political needs while not letting public finance slip out of control.
he has not only made substantial commitments to give a fillip to the rural economy but has also flagged off an ambitious national health protection scheme to provide health insurance coverage of rs 5 lakh each to 10 crore poor families.
in a change of priorities, the budget has allocated more resources to the social sector, including health, agriculture, and education, with the avowed objective of helping the economically weaker sections and women.
the intent is laudable.
but the trick lies in how the modi government plans to meet these spending commitments.
all budgetary arithmetic is based on assumptions.
the government seems to have assumed that economic growth in the next financial year could be at its highest since 2014, with a concomitant rise in revenues.
income tax collections are budgeted to increase at nearly twice the growth rate of the underlying economy, and indirect taxes could do well as the economy recovers and the new goods and services tax (gst) system settles down.
if these assumptions go awry, given the level of spending committed, the economy could go into a tailspin.
a failure to pass the fiscal consolidation test could lead to the central bank raising interest rates.
already, sovereign bond yields have spiked to their highest since june 2016, boding ill for the government's borrowing plans and interest payments.
a hardening monetary policy could choke the nascent economic recovery.
some of the measures announced in the budget in the quest to double farmers' incomes and create jobs have proved inefficient in the past.
for instance, the government has announced that it will ensure that farmers get at least 1.
5 times their cost of production through the minimum support price (msp).
this has been tried repeatedly in the past without success due to inefficiency and corruption in the state procurement system.
again, there is no innovative proposal to spur job creation, the government's single biggest failure so far, despite the numbers it claims.
it is doubtful if the government decision to contribute 12  of the wages of new employees in the form of provident fund contributions for all sectors will alone do the trick to encourage massive hiring.
despite its promises, the budget lacks the conviction and capacity to fulfil them on the ground.
cong attacks arunjaitley on commercial transaction remarknew delhi, jun 23, 2015 (pti) 18:46 istcong attacks arunjaitley on commercial transaction remarkcongress today remained unrelenting in its attack on finance minister arunjaitley over his alleged remark in the us that the deal between rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje's son and former ipl chief lalit modi was a commercial transaction.
his statement of clarification does not wash.
he did say what was published in all the newspapers.
.
.
.
it is a realisation that has come late after the damage has been done, senior congress leader anand sharma told reporters.
jaitley, however, has said that he never used such a word and that his words were misinterpreted.
i have never used such a word.
that is clear misinterpretation of (what i said).
whatever various assessing authorities in india have to do, its their job.
sharma insisted that the finance minister should have been more careful, restrained and balanced in his remarks as cases have been registered in the matter by the enforcement directorate, which is under his ministry and his comment would adversely affect the probe.
besides, the senior congress spokesman alleged that arunjaitley has also given clean chit to external affairs minister sushma swaraj despite her act of gross impropriety.
the party had yesterday attacked arunjaitley with leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad saying, it is a clear-cut cover-up.
we charge the finance minister with influencing the ed probe in raje's son dushyant singh and lalit modi's case.
azad wondered as to what made the finance minister give a clean chit to raje's son and modi, when these shady transactions of converting ill-gotten black money were being probed.
swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
modi, 49, travelled to london in 2010 after the indian premier league (ipl) became embroiled in allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting.
defiant raje holds fortnew delhi, june 26, 2015, dhns: 2:04 istjaitley says bjp has no tainted leadersas pressure escalated on the centre to act against tainted leaders embroiled in the lalit modi controversy, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje showed no signs of bowing to the oppositions demand.
a statement issued by her office in jaipur on thursday evening denied media reports which suggested that her future as chief minister hangs in balance.
the chief ministers press adviser said: by tarnishing or damaging her image, the channels are causing political damage to the chief minister.
.
.
electronic media should not air false news based on rumours.
such news are baseless and before running such news, a confirmation and investigation should be done.
the statement also denied reports that the party central leadership has asked raje to resign.
senior union ministers were also back defending her on thursday, after a days silence.
while bjp chief amit shah refused to comment on the episode, finance minister arunjaitley gave a clean chit to leaders involved in the controversy.
urban development minister m venkaiah naidu hinted at a conspiracy to destabilise the government.
some people are unhappy ever since narendra modi became prime minister as they are not able to enjoy the way they used to earlier, said naidu.
the congress and aam aadmi party continued to demand the centre to sack raje along with external affairs minister sushma swaraj, who is also accused of helping disgraced former ipl chief lalit modi procure travel documents from uk authorities to visit his ailing wife in lisbon.
raje has been accused of giving secret statement in support of lalit modis immigration application to the uk.
there are also allegations that lalit modi invested rs 11 crore in rajes son and party mp dushyant singhs company.
the bjp is in a fix as leaders debate the pros and cons of a change in rajasthan, since the opposition is now focussing more on raje realising that she is in a more vulnerable position than sushma.
but bjp leaders are defending raje on the ground that the statement was issued in her personal capacity, much before she took over the reins in rajasthan.
several party leaders, however, admitted that the modi governments image has taken a beating and are wary of succumbing to media-driven campaigns and deadlines.
govt rules out resignation of smriti, sushmanew delhi, june 25, 2015, dhns: 1:53 isttrouble mounts for bjp: cong threatens to disrupt parliament sessionthe government on wednesday ruled out the resignation of union ministers sushma swaraj and smriti irani who are embroiled in controversies, even as congress threatened to disrupt the monsoon session of parliament if they are not removed from the cabinet.
union home minister rajnath singh and it minister ravishankar prasad defended their cabinet colleagues during a press conference saying, this is not upa government and our ministers do not do all that their (upa) ministers used to do.
the latest to hit the government was a delhi court order admitting a petition against irani in a fake degree case, within weeks after swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje faced criticism for helping former ipl chairman lalit modi, who is facing investigations in india.
this is not their (congress) government.
this is nda government.
our ministers do not have to resign, singh said when asked about congress threat to disrupt parliament session.
as singh dismissed the congress demand, prasad chipped in, let me add, our ministers do not do all that their ministers used to do.
both singh and prasad initially refused to answer questions on issues other than cabinet decisions.
i have nothing to say.
you are not asking about cabinet decisions but about cabinet ministers, singh said when asked for his comments on court action against irani.
the senior ministers remarks came a day after bjp mp and former home secretary r k singh added to the dissent inside bjp over swaraj and raje extending help to lalit modi, saying, any help to a fugitive is legally and morally wrong.
jaitley also said there is no question at all about the government going on the back foot on this issue, as it has done nothing wrong.
swachh bharat cess not on all services: centreannapurna singh, mar 03, 2015, new delhi: dhns: 3:27 istthe government on tuesday clarified that up to 2 per cent swachh bharat cess on service tax was on the cards, but said it would not be imposed on all services.
revenue secretary shaktikanta das said that once the cess was imposed on certain services, the service tax rate on those services could go up to 16 per cent, but the government would take into consideration its impact on various sectors before taking a decision.
deccan herald had reported that a close reading of the finance bill made it evident that consumers could end up paying a hefty 16 per cent service tax.
it is under the consideration of the government.
as and when there is a requirement, it will be levied.
it is not going to be levied overnight.
the government will definitely take into account in what way it will impact various sectors, and accordingly it will issue a guideline, das told deccan herald.
the service tax is currently imposed at the rate of 12.
36 per cent.
but the union budget presented last week proposed to raise it to 14 per cent.
a further unlocking of the budget provisions in the finance bill later revealed that the service tax could go up to 16 per cent as the government planned to levy an additional two per cent swachh bharat cess.
finance minister arunjaitley budget had said that the government was considering a swachh bharat cess of up to two per cent but confusion prevailed on whether it would be levied on the 14 per cent service tax, or on the total value of the services.
the fine print of finance bill, 2015, however, said: there shall be levied and collected in accordance with the provisions of this chapter, a cess to be called the swachh bharat cess, as service tax on all or any of the taxable services at the rate of two per cent on the value of such services for the purposes of financing and promoting swachh bharat initiatives or for any other purpose relating thereto.
das clarified that the cess would certainly not be levied on all services but added that it would take the service tax rate up to 16 per cent on which ever service it is imposed.
if the government decides, it (service tax) can be up to 16 per cent.
but it is open to the government whether to impose the swacch bharat cess at two per cent or less than two per cent, the revenue secretary said.
the pradhan mantri vaya vandana yojana (pmvvy) was launched on july 21 by finance minister arun jaitley.
however, the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has been offering the scheme from may 4, 2017.
lic has been given the sole privilege to operate the scheme, and it will remain for subscription till may 3, 2018.
just like the varistha bima yojana launched in august 2014, pmvvy also aims to provide regular pension to senior citizens above the age of 60.
is this a good scheme considering the recent falling interest rate scenario?
lets understand the nuts and bolts of the new scheme in the following paragraphs:features of the schemesenior citizens above 60 years are eligible to invest in pmvvy, which is an immediate annuity product.
this means, a senior citizen will deposit a lump sum amount and start getting pension from the next month itself for 10 years from the date of investment.
the investor has the option of choosing monthly, quarterly, half-yearly and yearly payouts.
the pension depends on the option chosen and on the investment or purchase price.
the scheme guarantees an assured return of 8  for monthly option and 8.
30  for yearly option.
for understanding, the minimum lump sum investment under the scheme will be rs 1,50,000, if you want a minimum monthly pension of rs 1,000 and rs 1,44,578, if you want an yearly pension of rs 12,000.
the maximum purchase price will be rs 7,50,000 for a monthly pension of rs 5,000 and rs 7,22,892 for yearly pension of rs 60,000.
know more about the features:*there is a ceiling of rs 7,50,000 per family including your spouse and dependents and not per individual.
*premature withdrawals are allowed if the pensioner or spouse is suffering from critical illness.
the withdrawal is subject to 98  of the initial investment amount.
*at the end of 10 years, the purchase price will be returned to the investor.
in the case of his/her death during the tenure the investment, the amount will be returned to the nominee.
*loan facility up to 75  of investment amount is available for a pensioner after three years.
*the scheme can be purchased offline as well as online from lic of india.
*the scheme is exempt from gstso how good is pmvvy?
to answer this, the scheme has to be compared with other guaranteed immediate annuity plans available for senior citizens.
lets compare it with the senior citizens savings scheme of post office.
while senior citizen savings scheme scores over pmvvy in respect of sec 80c benefits , maximum amount, rate of interest and one time extension, pmvvy scores over scsy as regards tenure and frequency of interest payment.
shortcomings of the schemethe ceiling of rs 7,50,000 effectively caps the monthly pension at rs 5,000 which may not be sufficient to meet the rising expenses of the individual and dependents.
the ceiling on initial investment amount of rs 7,50,000 per family rather than individual also is another serious drawback of the scheme.
it would have been better if the ceiling was rs 15 lakh as the pensioner would have got a monthly pension of rs 10,000.
when the objective of the government was to provide social security to citizens, the tenure of 10 years seems a little short.
with life expectancy of indians going up what if the pensioner survives the tenure?
in a falling interest rate scenario, the pensioner would be exposed to reinvestment risk.
should the government allow the senior citizen to fend for himself?
the most glaring of all is the lack of clarity on the tax benefits front.
there is no word on sec 80c benefits under the scheme.
in the absence of sec 80c benefits, pmvvy will come under exempt exempt exempt category.
conclusionunder the circumstances, the best case scenario for senior citizens is to invest rs 7.
50 lakh in pmvvy and rs 15lakh in scss of post office, and a combination of which should give one an annuity of around rs 15,000 per month.
hours after rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu rejected the impeachment motion against chief justice of india (cji) dipak misra, the congress dubbed the order unprecedented, illegal, ill-advised and hasty and that it will be challenged in the supreme court.
we will certainly move a petition in the supreme court to challenge the order of the rajya sabha chairman.
we will ensure the cji has nothing to do with this petition, senior congress leader kapil sibal told reporters here.
sibal said never before in the history of independent india had a motion moved by members of parliament been dismissed at the preliminary stage itself.
the charges levelled in the impeachment motion could only be verified through an inquiry, he said.
it seems this government is very keen that this must not be allowed to be inquired into, he said, rejecting naidu's contention that the petitioners against the cji were unsure of their own case.
the order has shattered the confidence of the people and jeopardised the legal system, said sibal, who helmed the initiative to move an impeachment motion against the cji.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said the hasty dismissal of the impeachment notice given by the mps of seven parties was blatantly illegal and unconstitutional.
opposition parties will take recourse to all means to ensure that india's constitution is protected and implemented in its true spirit, yechury said.
congress chief spokesperson randeep singh surjewala said rajya sabha chairman cannot adjudge the motion as he has no mandate to decide the merits of the motion.
surjewala also accused finance minister arunjaitley of virtually dictating the verdict to the rajya sabha chairman by dubbing the impeachment motion submitted by 64 members of the upper house of parliament as a revenge petition.
has 'revenge petition' now become 'rescue order', asked the congress leader and insisted that the rajya sabha chairman cannot decide on the petition's merits in the absence of quasi-judicial or administrative power.
the congress contended that if all charges were to be proved before inquiry as naidu has suggested, the constitution & judges (inquiry) act would have no relevance.
i would like to talk of three achievements as they demonstrate the quality and conviction of our government.
.
.
the other is coal auctions, he said in his budget speech.
he further said that earlier the states only got benefits of royalty.
now, by the transparent auction process that we are carrying out, the coal-bearing states will be getting several lakhs of crores of rupees.
the money from e-auction proceeds, he said, could be used for creation of long-awaited community assets and for the welfare of the people.
the government had recently auctioned 19 coal blocks in the first lot.
the allocation of coal blocks, including through ongoing auction, will fetch a whopping rs 15 lakh crore over the next 30 years, for the respective states, power minister piyush goyal had said on february 19.
coal secretary anil swarup today tweeted that finance minister hails coal block auction and consequent flow of funds to the states as one of the top three achievements of the government.
states like jharkhand, chhattisgarh, odisha, west bengal, and mp to benefit the most out of e-auction proceeds.
.
, he had earlier tweeted.
the companies that had bagged the 19 blocks on offer include reliance cement, gmr chhattisgarh, hindalco, sunflag iron and steel, jaiprakash associates, jaiprakash power ventures, ocl iron and steel, bharat aluminium, essar power mp, jindal power and ultratech cement.
the auction of first lot of auction which began on february 14 closed on february 22.
however, the government has put off the second round of auction of 21 coal blocks to march.
the auction of mines in the second tranche was earlier scheduled to begin from february 25.
the auctions of the mines came after the supreme court in september last year cancelled the allocation of 204 coal mines.
new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns 0:55 istthe modi government has renewed its focus on villages, with the union budget proposing a 24  hike in allocations for rural, agricultural and allied sectors for 2017-18.
finance minister arunjaitley , who presented the budget before the lok sabha on wednesday, proposed to raise the allocation for the sectors from rs 1,51,115 crore in 2016-17 to rs 1,87,223 crore in 2017-18.
he also announced the launch of mission antyodaya, with the objective of bringing one crore rural households and 50,000 gram panchayats out of poverty by 2019  not only the year the nation will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi, but will also go to polls to elect the next union government.
this mission will work with a focused micro-plan for sustainable livelihood for every deprived household.
the budget proposed to allocate rs 1,28,560 crore for the rural sector in the 2017-18 financial year.
while rs 1,02,543 crore was allocated in the 2016-17 budget, the revised estimate for the year stood at rs 1,14,947 crore.
the budget allocation for agriculture and allied sectors stood at rs 48,572 crore in 2016-17 with the revised estimate being rs 52,821 crore.
jaitley on wednesday proposed to raise the allocation to rs 58,663 crore.
with the next lok sabha elections two-and-a-half years away, the budget of 2017-18 signalled the governments willingness to give a pro-poor and pro-rural tilt to its policies and priorities for the rest of its term.
the government proposed to raise the allocation for the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee programme (mgnregp)  the flagship village job scheme of the centre  to rs 48,000 crore.
this is the highest-ever allocation for the mgnregp, said jaitley.
he had allocated rs 38,500 crore for the programme in the 2016-17 budget, but the revised estimate for it stood at rs 47,499 crore.
new delhi, june 27, 2016 (pti) 20:58 istprime minister narendra modi today disapproved of party mp subramanian swamy's attacks on rbi governor raghuram rajan and some top finance ministry officials saying they are inappropriate.
calling rajan no less patriotic, he virtually ticked off swamy saying if anybody considers himself above the system then it is wrong.
the prime minister's comments assume significance in the context of finance minister arunjaitley and the bjp distancing themselves from swamy's recent attacks on rajan, cea arvind subramananian and economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das.
swamy also had made some carping comments about arunjaitley without taking his name.
whether it is in my party or not, still i think such things are inappropriate.
this fondness for publicity is never going to do any good to the nation.
people should conduct themselves with utmost responsibility.
if anybody considers himself above the system, it is wrong, the prime minister told times now.
without taking the name of swamy, modi was asked about the comments of your rajya sabha mp in the context of raghuram rajan and queried whether it was appropriate.
even after that there have been criticisms made against very senior government officials, the questioner said recalling modi's recent counsel to party leaders in allahabad to maintain balance and restraint in their speech and conduct.
my message is very clear.
i have no confusion about it, modi said when he was asked whether his message on the issue is clear.
modi then went on to praise rajan, who has said no to a second term in rbi, saying his patriotism was no less and was sure that he would continue to serve india irrespective of whether he was in some position or not.
my experience with him has been good and i appreciate the work that he has done.
he is no less patriotic.
he loves india.
wherever he will work, he will work for india and he is patriotic, he said in an apparent riposte to swamy's attack that rajan not mentally fully indian.
referring to apprehensions whether rajan would be allowed to complete his term, the prime minister said though he was appointed by the previous upa government, rajan would be completing his term.
asked about reports and apprehensions that rajan's exit would affect the image of indian economy abroad and whether it would harm investment, modi said if one recalled the media reports for three months after he took over in 2014 there were a number of articles written whether rajan would be allowed to continue in the post to which he was appointed by the upa government.
they said i would not allow him to continue (as rbi governor).
so it was proved wrong.
it is wrong to say that rajan is less patriotic than us.
it will also be unfair to say that he will not work for india's interests.
i am sure wherever he works or whichever post he holds, rajan will continue to serve india, the prime minister said.
asked about some of the willful defaulters leaving the country and whether he was determined to take the cases to logical conclusion, the prime minister said law will catch up with them.
the people of india have the confidence that if someone who can do this, it is narendra modi and he will do it.
citizens have full confidence, he said.
on whether the defaulters had misused the law, modi replied, i take this as an opportunity and i will show them what the law is.
replying to a question on whether logjam in parliament has held him back from achieving his objectives, modi singled out congress, asserting that the government tried to have talks with the parties on every issue.
there is one party which has problem and the whole world knows about that party, said modi, adding it was unfair to compare bjp's behaviour when it was in opposition to what congress was doing as opposition after running the country for 60 years.
he said many parties though they were not part of the nda have been supporting the government on various issues and it would be unfair to blame the entire opposition for parliamentary logjam.
cong puts govt on tenterhooks; seeks fresh date for gst talksnew delhi, dec 14, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istthe congress on monday kept the modi government on tenterhooks over the goods and services tax (gst) bill by deferring discussions with finance minister arunjaitley to resolve the standoff on the issue.
leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, his deputy anand sharma and congress chief whip in the lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia joined arunjaitley and parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu for a luncheon meeting to discuss gst issue and the ongoing disruption in parliament.
the opposition leaders, however, cited the absence of congress leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge and sought a further date when the quorum would be complete.
kharge had not returned to delhi on monday afternoon from karnataka.
the government also roped in external affairs minister sushma swaraj, who is known to have good relations across political parties, for negotiations.
irritation in the government camp over the postponement of the meeting was evident.
jaitley, in a terse facebook post, said the current session of parliament is also threatened with a washout.
the reasons for the washout of the current session keep changing by the hour.
the nation is waiting for parliament to discuss public issues, to legislate and approve a historic constitution amendment enabling the gst.
all this is being indefinitely delayed, he said on the social networking platform soon after a meeting with congress leaders ended inconclusively.
jaitley also invoked late prime minister jawaharlal nehru to remind the congress leadership of the their responsibility as parliamentarians.
the congress leaders appeared unaffected by jaitleys remarks.
they only write blogs when we raise issues in parliament.
no action is taken, ghulam nabi azad said.
the government is keen to roll out gst from april 1, but with the deadlock in parliament continuing, it is unlikely to meet the deadline.
govt working towards big changes, modi assures rssnew delhi: sep 04, 2015, dhns: 2:25 istprime minister narendra modi on friday is understood to have conveyed to top rss leaders that his government was working towards big changes in all key sectors for ushering in higher growth and creating jobs, as they wrapped up a three-day huddle.
top bjp ministers, including modi, rajnath singh, arunjaitley , sushma swaraj and manohar parrikar, over the last three days focused on what was seen as an exercise to identify areas for course correction for the 15-month-old government and get rid of negative perceptions.
modi told the sangh leaders, led by rss chief mohan bhagwat, that he and his ministers were confident that visible effects of their efforts would soon be evident in various sectors.
you will see the results soon and peoples lives are headed for the better because of our efforts, he was quoted as telling them by bjp sources.
stating that he was a proud member of the rss, modi said he hoped to continue to receive guidance from the sangh.
modi, briefed by bjp president amit shah and other ministers on the concerns of the rss as articulated by its leaders in the last three days, is said to have urged the sangh leadership to continue to keep the hotheads among their ranks under control, lest the countrys economic growth narrative was impaired by needless controversies.
in the last three days, top rss leaders offered suggestions to the ministers in crucial areas like the economy, education, farmers welfare and national security.
however, shortly before modi arrived, rss deputed its joint general secretary dattatreya hosabale to declare that the direction and dedication of the government was good and it has renewed the worlds confidence in india.
bjp got 'modi oxygen,' will last till popularity remains:senamumbai, oct 24, 2015, pti: 12:44 istcontinuing to target its ruling ally bjp, the shiv sena today said the former has received modi oxygen in the form of power, which will last as long as its popularity among the masses remains intact.
the uddhav thackeray-led party also sent a strong message to the bjp saying its successful dussehra rally indicated that the future belonged to the sena and that it was prepared to fight the upcoming (poll) battles alone if needed.
the bjp has received modi oxygen in the form of power.
this oxygen will last till the subsidy of the popularity ends.
.
.
sena is standing firm on its thoughts, struggle and patriotism.
the party has never changed its stand on the issues of hindutva, patriotism, maharashtra's identity and issues concerning common man's life.
our beliefs will not change at any cost, the sena said in its mouthpiece 'saamana'.
shiv sena has waged a war against the enemies of the country.
the party does not face challenge by anybody, it said adding, peoples' support will ensure that the sena's flag flutters over maharashtra in the future.
the future belongs only to the sena and the dussehra rally of the party has sent this message across to everybody.
we will fight it out with whosoever is willing to join us, or else, we are fully prepared to fight it out all alone with the confidence instilled in us by the sena chief.
nobody should dare block our path!
it said.
the saffron party also hit out at ncp supremo sharad pawar apparently over hosting finance minister arunjaitley in his hometowm baramati last week.
with no work left in delhi, pawar has opened a new business of lodging and boarding and finding solace in hosting political leaders at govind baug in baramati.
with ageing, pawar's politics is also on the wane, it said.
pawar's politics is something that should not be taken seriously.
you never know when he becomes secular and when he starts praising bjp, the sena said.
taking a dig at congress, it said the sonia gandhi-led party has become virtually a non-entity in maharashtra.
there are no (congress) leaders, workers and hence no voters.
modi promises help to kejriwalnew delhi,feb 10, 2014, dhns: 1:00 istprime minister narendra modi and home minister rajnath singh congratulated aap leader arvind kejriwal and assured that the centre would not discriminate against his government.
modi took to twitter to announce that he spoke to kejriwal and assured him centres complete support for the capitals development.
kejriwal, who has decided to take oath on saturday, has already sought a meeting with the prime minister and the home minister, given the fact that he too is overburdened with high expectations the one sided verdict has unleashed on him.
with bjp chief amit shah busy with his sons wedding in ahmedabad, modi held a meeting of senior leaders to introspect on the humiliating defeat he has faced for the first time since taking over as the prime minister.
the bjp successfully contested assembly polls in maharashtra, jharkhand and haryana, and emerged as the second largest party in jammu and kashmir, all riding on the modi wave.
singh, finance minister arunjaitley , urban development minister m venkaiah naidu and transport minister nitin gadkari were present at the meeting.
though some leaders, including state unit chief satish upadhyay, expressed their willingness to quit after the debacle, the bjp is waiting for shah to return to the capital to analyse the humiliating defeat.
tobacco produces nothing less than death: harsh vardhanbengaluru, apr 5, 2015, pti: 18:24 istunion minister for science and technology harsh vardhan today asserted that tobacco produces nothing less than death as he took exception about member's of a parliamentary panel commenting on the issue that has raised questions about conflict of interest.
i can only say that as an ent surgeon, as a former health minister, as a doctor i can say that tobacco produces death and nothing less than that, he said in response to a question by reporters on the issue of increasing the size of pictorial warnings on tobacco in the backdrop of a controversy generated by bjp members of a parliamentary panel suggesting nil effects of smoking.
harsh vardhan was the health minister when the notification was issued by the ministry making 85 per cent of space on cigarette packs and other tobacco products to be mandatorily covered with graphic and text warnings of health hazard.
asked whether the members with conflict of interest should stay in the panel, on the sidelines of an event organised by council of scientific and industrial research, national aerospace laboratories here, he said i think this is quite natural, why should anybody who has a conflict on interest should be commenting on a subject which raises questions about the conflict of interest.
government had yesterday said that it will take a measured and responsible decision on the issue, with union finance minister arunjaitley making it clear that the decision of the government in the matter will not be based on the opinions of individuals.
harsh vardhan's comments came amid reports that prime minister narendra modi had directed removal of the members with conflicting interests from the committee of subordinate legislations examining the the provisions of cigarettes and other tobacco products act 2003.
refusing to comment on prime minister's intervention on the issue, he said i won't comment on what the prime minister has said.
.
.
.
.
after the prime minister has given his opinion on a subject there is no reason for any minister to be commenting on that.
bjp mps dilip gandhi, shyam charan gupta, ram prasad sarmah have claimed there is no clear proof yet linking cigarette puffing and cancer.
while gandhi, who is the head of the parliamentary panel, had said that there was no indian study to show the link between tobacco usage and cancer, gupta said he could produce a lot of people who are chain smokers of beedi and have had no disease till date.
gupta's remarks have also been criticised by opposition parties including congress, sp and cpi(m) which alleged that there was a conflict of interest as gupta was in tobacco trade and also a member of parliamentary committee of subordinate legislation looking into the rules regarding tobacco sale in the country.
new delhi, feb 28, 2015 (pti) 13:06 istfinance minister arunjaitley today pegged fiscal deficit for 2015-16 at 3.
9 per cent of gdp and proposed to lower it to 3 per cent by 2017-18, a year later than planned earlier.
unveiling the roadmap for fiscal consolidation while presenting the budget 2015-16, he said the 3 per cent fiscal deficit target will now be achieved in three years as against the frbm target of two years.
as per the earlier roadmap fiscal consolidation, the deficit was to come down to 3 per cent by 2016-17.
the additional fiscal space will be available for infrastructure funding, he said.
as per the new roadmap, fiscal deficit will be 3.
9 per cent of gdp in 2015-16, 3.
5 per cent in 2016-17 and 3 per cent by 2017-18.
as regard the current fiscal, arunjaitley said the deficit will be 4.
1 per cent as budgeted.
i will meet the challenging target of 4.
1 per cent of gdp which we have inherited, he said, adding that the government remains firm on its 3 per cent fiscal deficit target.
the economic survey had yesterday said india must adhere to the medium term fiscal deficit target of 3 per cent of the gdp.
3 per cent of gdp.
india's own normal in terms of its growth rate has to target anything close to a double digit.
he made the remarks in his maiden public appearance hours after arriving here to attend the annual spring meeting of the international monetary fund and the world bank.
by and large it is a welcome move in india.
there are very few sectors now, almost insignificant, that remain closed.
everything has been opened up, he said citing insurance, defense, railways and real estate sectors in this regard.
when both domestic and international investors come in, the next step is to develop a system in which investing in india itself becomes attractive.
jaitley acknowledged that land reforms bill remains a contentious issue in india today.
i have no hesitation in saying that the land law if it remains in the present shape is a big hurdle to employment creation.
one of the areas where we are trying to ease the (land) acquisition process is creation of industrial corridor.
this is capable of providing employment to a vast number of people in rural areas, he said.
jaitley said the government is trying to narrow down the period in opening up new projects.
as these efforts would start yielding results in the next few years, arunjaitley exuded confidence that india would enter a phase of double digit growth from what he hoped a eight per cent growth this year.
referring to the latest growth rate projection of 7.
when the net impact of all the latest reforms is realised, he said, it is capable of taking us close to what we thought we can never reach and today there is a realisation that that is a realisable target.
political war as kejriwal alleges cbi raid, government deniesnew delhi, dec 15, 2015, (ians) 15:20 istopposition parties took on the government on tuesday after delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal said the cbi raided his office over corruption charges against his secretary.
the cbi said it seized cash from the officer's house while a furious kejriwal dubbed prime minister narendra modi a coward and a psychopath.
targeting secretary rajendra kumar, cbi officials swooped on kejriwal's office at the delhi secretariat over a 2002 corruption case, triggering a string of angry responses from the aam aadmi party (aap) leader who took office in february 2015.
the cbi later said it had seized rs.2.
4 lakh and documents related to three immovable properties from kumar's official residence and that he was not cooperating in opening his email accounts.
finance minister arunjaitley denied cbi raided kejriwal and said the target was the officer who was attached to his office.
the aap called this a lie.
jaitley said that the raid had nothing to do with kejriwal and that it was related to a matter prior to his becoming chief minister.
but kejriwal insisted the cbi raided his office -- a claim refuted by the central bureau of investigation -- and said: when modi couldn't handle me politically, he resorts to this cowardice.
the cbi said a case had been registered against kumar for alleged abuse of office to favour a firm over the last few years in getting tenders from delhi government departments.
it said it acted on allegations made by delhi dialogue commission member a.k. joshi.
kejriwal retorted: cbi is lying.
my own office raided.
files of cm office are being looked into.
let modi say which file he wants?
referring to the october 9 sacking of food minister asim ahmed khan, he said: i am the only cm who dismissed, on my own, a minister and a senior officer on charges of corruption and handed their cases to the cbi.
if cbi had any evidence against (kumar), why didn't they share it with me?
i would have acted against him.
union minister m. venkaiah naidu said modi had nothing to do with the raids, which took place at 14 locations in delhi and uttar pradesh.
cbi is an independent organisation.
.
.
it has become fashionable for the delhi chief minister to quarrel with the central government and take the pm's name for everything.
the government's argument had few takers in parliament, whose opposition parties created a storm.
the cpi-m said the raid is highly condemnable and politically motivated.
it is unprecedented that in the name of investigating the accusations against a bureaucrat, the office of the chief minister should be sealed and files searched.
this raid is a new low in the modi government's encroachment on the rights and dignity of non-bjp elected governments.
left, trinamool congress and janata dal-united members were most vociferous in their condemnation of the cbi.
trinamool members shouted slogans against the modi government.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee said she was shocked.
kejriwal responded: mamata di, this is undeclared emergency.
the jd-u's k.c. tyagi described the raid as an act of cowardice.
aap spokesperson ashutosh was livid: raiding cm's office without informing the cm is an act of cowardice.
he called it vendetta politics.
his colleague atishi marlena added: this has to be a historic low in indian politics.
absolutely shameful politics.
the aap, india's youngest political party, swept the delhi assembly polls in february, winning 67 of the 70 seats.
the bjp was left with just three seats.
new delhi, feb 29, 2016 (pti) 17:31 istcars, locally made mobiles, branded garments, air travel, aerated drinks, cigarettes and smart watches are the among items that will be costlier while footwear, solar lamps and routers are slated to cost less following changes in tax structure in the budget 2016-17.
as a result of a new levy, krishi kalyan cess, on all services, activities including eating out, watching movies in theaters and payment of bills, will also become more expensive.
continuing the trend set by his predecessors, finance minister arunjaitley today came down heavily on smokers and tobacco consumers by imposing up to 15 per cent excise duty on all tobacco products.
potential car buyers will have to shell out more - from as low as rs 3,000 to over rs 1 lakh - on new purchases as the finance minister announced infrastructure cess of up to 4 per cent on vehicles.
the pollution and traffic situation in indian cities is a matter of concern.
i propose to levy an infrastructure cess, of 1 per cent on small petrol, lpg, cng cars, 2.
petrol/lpg/cng driven vehicles of length not exceeding 4 meters and engine capacity not exceeding 1,200cc would attract a cess of 1 per cent.
diesel driven vehicles of length not exceeding 4 meter and engine capacity not exceeding 1,500cc will attract a cess of 2.
5 per cent, while other higher engine capacity and suvs and bigger sedans would be levied at 4 per cent.
moreover, cars priced above rs 10 lakh will also attract tax of 1 per cent at source.
after the budget announcements, air travel will become expensive due increase in excise duty on aviation turbine fuel (atf) to 14 per cent from 8 per cent besides the additional levy of krishi kalyan cess.
soft drinks and mineral water will also be dearer as arunjaitley proposed to hike excise duty on water including mineral water, aerated water containing added sugar or sweetening matter to 21 per cent from 18 per cent earlier.
branded readymade garments costing rs 1,000 or more will become costlier as the excise duty on them has been increased to 2 per cent without cenvat credit from nil earlier.
customs duty on imported imitation jewelery has gone up from 10 per cent to 15 per cent while customs duty on industrial solar water heater has increased from 7.
5 per cent to 10 per cent which will make these items costlier.
locally manufactured mobiles will become costlier by about 1 per cent because government has imposed duty on imported circuit boards used in them.
availing of legal services through senior advocates or legal firms will cost more as such activity will no longer be exempted from service tax with arunjaitley proposing a levy of 14 per cent.
traveling by hiring air-conditioned stage carriage will also become more expensive as it will now come under service tax with a rate of 5.
6 per cent.
smart watches will also be dearer as they will now be subjected to retail sales price-based assessment of excise duty with an abatement of 35 per cent.
hiring of agency to pack and move household items while shifting premises will also become expensive as it will now attract a service tax of 5.
6 per cent as against 4.
2 per cent earlier.
imported golf cars will be dearer as customs duty on them has been hiked to 60 per cent from 10 per cent.
lottery tickets will also become expensive as that will come in the service tax net, while imported e-reading devices will be dearer as it will now attract basic customs duty of 7.
5 per cent as against nil earlier.
other items that will become dearer include instruments for voip (voice over internet protocol) and refined gold bars manufactured from gold dore bars.
on the other hand, footwear will become cheaper as excise duty on rubber sheets and resin rubber sheets for soles and heels have been cut to 6 per cent from 12.
5 per cent.
solar lamps will also cost less as they have been exempted from excise duty.
earlier it was taxed at 12.
5 per cent.
router, broadband modems and set top boxes will become cheaper as excise duty on these products have been reduced to 4 per cent without cenvat credit from 12.
5 per cent earlier.
digital video recorder and cctv cameras will also be cheaper as these items have been exempted from excise from 12.
5 per cent earlier.
hybrid electric vehicles are set to be cheaper as the engine will attract a lower excise duty of 6 per cent from 12.
5 per cent earlier.
in order to bring down the cost of kidney dialysis of patients suffering from end-stage renal disease, excise duty on disposable sterilised dialyser from been reduced to nil from 12.
5 per cent earlier.
microwave ovens made in the country will become cheaper as customs duty on a key imported component -- magnetron of capacity 1 kw to 1.
5 kw -- has been brought down to nil from 10 per cent earlier.
sanitary pads napkins and tampoons will also become cheaper as customs duties on key ingredients -- wood pulp and super absorbent polymer have been cut by 2.
5 per cent.
braille paper will also be cheaper as it has been exempted from customs duty.
it was earlier subjected to 10 per cent import duty.
low cost houses will also become even more affordable as arunjaitley did away with service tax on construction services on dwelling units not exceeding 60 square metres under pradhan mantri awas yojana and any housing scheme of state government.
dh news service, new delhi, jun 2 2017, 0:36 istsome slowdown visible prior to note banfinance minister arunjaitley on thursday sought to play down the fall in economic growth, attributing it more to global factors such as shrinking trade and increasing protectionism.
he dismissed suggestions linking slower economic growth to prime minister narendra modis decision to demonetise high value currency notes.
there are several factors, which can contribute to gdp (growth) in a particular quarter.
his remarks come a day after the central statistics office released the fourth quarter gdp estimates that pegged economic growth at 7.
1 , much slower than the 8  achieved last year.
the finance minister dubbed the 7.
1  annual growth as fairly reasonable, given the current global situation.
he was addressing the media on the completion of three years of the nda government.
jaitley listed resolving the issue of non-performing assets of banks and encouraging private sector investments as the major challenges before the government.
he said sluggish private investments were linked to the inability of the debt-laden banking sector to extend loans.
last month, the centre had promulgated an ordinance granting more powers to the reserve bank of india to encourage lenders to writedown outstanding corporate loans.
rbi was taking measures under the existing mechanism.
the minister said the demonetisation exercise had resulted in greater movement towards digitisation, rise in taxpayer base leading to revenue increase of 18 , and sending a clear message that it was no longer sage to deal in cash.
jaitley said the past three years have been challenging for the world economy due to a financial slowdown, shrinking trade, and growing voices of protectionism among major powers.
three years back, he said india was not on the global radar.
monsoon was also bad and the credibility of the legacy (of the last government) was bad, he said.
we have been able to restore the credibility of the economy.
there were three important factors behind it.
first, decisiveness, the ability to take bold decisions.
second was to check corruption and ensuring transparency.
third is direction, which was clear and growth oriented to provide benefits to the weaker sections of society, he said.
new delhi, mar 21, 2017, (pti) 19:23 istthe government today proposed to lower the cash transaction limit to rs 2 lakh, from rs 3 lakh announced in the budget, as it introduced 40 amendments to the finance bill in an unprecedented move.
as the finance bill was taken up for consideration in the lok sabha, the opposition parties including tmc, bjd and rsp protested against the introduction of these many amendments, saying it was being done as a back-door entry.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, however, overruled the objections raised by the opposition parties, saying the 'incidental provisions' involved in the amendments constitute a 'money bill' and therefore can be considered as part of the finance bill.
the proposed amendments to the finance bill include a provision to cap legal cash transactions at rs 2 lakh.
while presenting the budget on february 1, finance minister arunjaitley had proposed to make any cash transaction beyond rs 3 lakh as illegal with effect from april this year.
a penalty of equal amount would be levied in case of any violation of the provision, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia tweeted after the amendment was moved.
another senior revenue department official said the move was intended to make the law more stringent to clamp down on cash dealings, which was giving rise to black money.
the move to cap legal cash transactions followed recommendations made by the special investigation team on black money, which was set by by the government on directions of the supreme court.
the amendments to the laws like companies act, employees provident fund, smuggling and foreign exchange act, trai act and information technology act, have also been moved to make the functioning of tribunals more efficient by merging the smaller ones and reducing their numbers from 40 to 12.
while defending the move to make amendments, arunjaitley invoked the first lok sabha speaker g v mavalankar.
he said if a substantial portion of a bill deals with imposition or abolition of tax, it can be introduced as a money bill even even if it has other incidental provisions.
you cannot have a bill which says government will spend rs 100,000 crore without detailing how it would be spent.
you cannot have a bill where you say there will be 5 per cent without specifying what will be the deduction, what will be the power of assessing officer, appeal provision.
.
.
no tax can be imposed without reference to courts or tribunals.
.
these are incidental provisions.
.
.
the minister said the opposition's objection is borne out the language in article 110(1) and ever since the inception, the house has been debating on the word 'only' used there.
as arunjaitley moved the finance bill for discussion, n k premanchandran (rsp) said the government is pushing the amendments to the house and not following the rules.
it is being bulldozed.
.
.
if you conduct the house like this, then there is no need for the monsoon and the winter sessions.
.
.
(parliamentary) standing committee can be curtailed.
the supreme right of parliament is being taken away, premachandran said.
the government is bringing amendments to the representation of people act, the rbi act and the sebi act, he observed, while adding, how can the issue of electoral bond come under finance bill?
these amendments do not come under the purview of the finance bill.
jaitley said the electoral bond has been proposed for cleansing the political money since a lot of electoral funding, across the spectrum, comes from unknown sources.
jaitley said at present the representation of the people act provides for revealing of identity of people making donations above rs 20,000 and the amendment would provide that if money comes by way of electoral bonds, the identity will not be disclosed.
the finance minister also said the amendments proposed in the post office act, the oil industry development act and the research and development cess can be made part of the finance bill as these squarely come within the purview of article 110.
deepender hooda of congress said the government should have brought a separate bill on transparency in electoral funding as amendment to the rbi act was 'consequential' and not 'incidental'.
your aim was to bring transparency in electoral funding and that is why you brought amendment to the rbi act.
a separate transparency in electoral funding bill should have been brought, hooda said.
govt to focus on heritage sites to boost tourismnew delhi: feb 28, 2015, dhns: 2:57 istfinance minister arunjaitley on saturday promised to clean up the core of varanasi  the lok sabha constituency of the prime minister narendra modi.
the varanasi temple town will be incorporated in a list of india's heritage sites, which will receive special attention from the centre.
jaitley also announced extending visa-on-arrival (voa) facility to 150 countries, apparently seeking to attract more foreign tourists.
the government has so far extended the facility to 43 countries, which has resulted in a significant increase in foreign tourist arrival, contributing to the nations foreign exchange earnings.
india has 25 cultural world heritage sites.
these facilities are still deficient and require restoration, including landscape restoration, signage and interpretation centres; parking, access for the differently-abled, visitors amenities including security and toilets, illumination, and plans for benefiting communities around them, said arunjaitley while presenting the budget in the lok sabha.
he announced providing resources for development of nine heritage siteschurches & convents of old goa, hampi (karnataka), elephanta caves (mumbai), kumbalgarh and other hill forts (rajasthan), rani ki vav in patan (gujarat), leh palace (ladakh), jallianwala bagh in amritsar (punjab) and qutub shahi tombs in hyderabad (telangana), besides the temple town of varanasi.
tourism and culture minister mahesh sharma welcomed the budget, describing it as balanced, far-sighted and growth-oriented.
he said the announcement to extend voa facility to 150 countries was a big step in promoting tourism.
this, combined with the latest introduction of electronic travel authorisation (eta), will help achieve very soon the target of increasing the countrys share in international tourism to more than 1 per cent.
the voa facility, enabled by eta, has already shown remarkable results, said the minister.
the country witnessed a total of 25,023 foreign tourist arrivals this january, as compared to 1,903 in january 2014a growth of 1,214.
9 per cent.
this is due to the introduction of eta-enabled voa for 43 countries.
the growth of tourism is important for the overall growth of india's economy.
the revenue from the tourism sector can be utilised for the development of the country.
tourism in india is a very important source of foreign exchange earnings, and has high labour intensity, the minister said.
modi to push anti-inflation ideas he mooted as gujarat cmshekhar iyer, new delhi, jun 16, 2014, dhns : 0:36 istwith wholesale-price inflation hitting a five-month high in may, prime minister narendra modi is set to push ideas he mooted as the head of a committee of chief ministers.
as head of a working group on consumer affairs, which consisted of the chief ministers of maharashtra, andhra pradesh and tamil nadu, modi had submitted a report to then prime minister manmohan singh in january 2011.
since then, his grouse was that the centre had not acted on that report.
these ideas are now expected to be incorporated in finance minister arun jaitley's speech during the presentation of the general budget next month.
the panel gave 20 recommendations with 64 detailed actionable points that would facilitate expeditious implementation of the recommendations to rein in prices over a period of time.
the proposals included splitting up of the operations of the food corporation of india in terms of procurement, storage and distribution functions, and setting up of a price stabilisation fund to help states in procurement and distribution.
the modi-led panel had mooted better distribution channels from farms to consumer, increasing participation of the organised sector and cooperative bodies in retailing, including farmers markets, agro-processing, storage and cold chains for wastage control and reduction, and proactive monetary policy.
modi's report called for liberalisation of agriculture markets to enhance the participation of the organised sector, including cooperatives, in retailing of agricultural produce.
the report also recommended keeping essential commodities out of the futures market for the time being, given the lack of strong linkage between spot and future markets at present.
calling for a 10-year perspective plan to improve agri-infrastructure of backward and forward linkages for production and marketing, the report suggested providing priority lending to agri-marketing activities.
presidents messagein fact, the president's address to parliament on june 9 had specifically referred to the setting up of the price stabilisation fund, which was also promised in the bjp's election manifesto.
mukherjee, who read out the new government's resolve on this issue, said the problem of persistent inflation is due to supply-side bottlenecks.
we will invest heavily in rural roads, warehouses and cold-storages to minimise damage and wastage.
in addition, we will ruthlessly crush black marketers and hoarders, and set up a price stabilisation fund to cushion short term spikes in case of emergencies, he ad said.
in tamil nadu, after the aiadmk came to power in may 2011, such a fund was constituted with a corpus of rs 50 crore to help cooperative institutions and the tamil nadu civil supplies corporation procure essential commodities that are prone to abnormal price fluctuations.
the commerce ministry started operating one such scheme back in 2003 for rubber and tea-growers to make india a competitive exporter in the market as well as sustain the growers.
new delhi, mar 20, 2015, (pti) 16:40 ista bill proposing to prosecute those stashing illicit wealth abroad with 10 year rigorous imprisonment and providing for a window to persons seeking to come clean on such undisclosed assets, was introduced in lok sabha today.
finance minister arunjaitley introduced 'the undisclosed foreign income and assets (imposition of tax) bill, 2015,' proposing that it would come into effect from april 1, 2016.
recognizing the limitations of the existing legislation, it is proposed to introduce a new legislation to deal with undisclosed assets and income stashed away abroad, said the statement on objects and reasons of the bill.
the bill provides for criminal liability with enhanced punishment with 3-10 year imprisonment for willful attempt to evade tax in relation to foreign income, along with a fine.
second and subsequent offence would be punishable with rigorous imprisonment for a term of 3-10 years with a fine of rs 25 lakh to rs 1 crore.
in prosecution proceedings, the wilful nature of the default shall be presumed and it shall be for the accused to prove the absence of the guilty state of mind, it added.
the bill also provides for a penalty of three times the amount of tax for concealment of income in relation to a foreign asset.
further, a penalty of rs 10 lakh would be levied for failure to furnish return of income by persons holding foreign asset, failure to disclose foreign asset in the returns or furnishing of inaccurate particulars of such asset.
the bill proposes a limited window to persons who have any undisclosed foreign assets who wish to come clean.
such persons may file a declaration before the specified tax authority within a specified period, followed by payment of tax at the rate of 30 per cent and an equal amount by way of penalty, it said.
it is merely an opportunity for persons to become tax compliant before the stringent provisions of the new legislation come into force, the statement said.
the bill, however, protects persons holding foreign accounts with minor balances which may not have been reported out of oversight or ignorance, from criminal consequences.
evasion of tax robs the nation of critical resources necessary to undertake programmes for social inclusion and economic development.
it also puts a disproportionate burden on the honest tax payers as they have to bear the brunt of higher taxes to make up for the revenue leakage caused by evasion, it said.
under the measure, the tax authorities have been vested with powers of discovery and inspection, issue of summonses, enforcement of attendance, production of evidence and impounding of books of account and documents.
it also provides for adequate safeguards, making it mandatory to issue notices and grant opportunity to the assessee of being heard.
appeal to the itat, high courts and supreme court has also been provided to safeguard the interest of the assessee.
as per the bill, the government have been empowered to enter into agreements with other countries or jurisdictions for exchange of information, recovery of tax and avoidance of double taxation.
amendments to the prevention of money laundering act (pmla), 2002, would be carried out to include offence of tax evasion as a scheduled offence under the act.
the proposal to come out with a new law on the black money was announced by arunjaitley in his budget speech last month.
the issue of black money, especially alleged stashing of illicit wealth abroad in places like switzerland, has been a matter of huge political debate for a long time.
the government has also been under pressure to act on the issue of black money, as bjp had mounted a huge campaign during the lok sabha polls last year with an assurance to check this menace.
new delhi: nov 10, 2015, dhns 1:39 istdismissing apprehensions that bjps defeat in bihar will be a setback to economy, finance minister arunjaitley on monday said that the reforms programme will continue and that the government will go ahead with the process of enacting goods and services tax (gst) law.
i dont see it as a setback to the economy.
.
.
structural reforms will continue.
they should continue at a rapid pace, the minister said in television interviews.
he said the government will continue reforms by taking executive actions and also in the budget, which will be announced in february next year.
to a question on the pending gst bill, he hoped that bihar would support the legislation because as a consuming state it would benefit from the new indirect tax legislation.
bihar and jd (u) had supported the bill in the lower house, he said.
on whether he would talk to nitish kumar on support for gst, he said: i dont see any reason why, just because he is in alliance with the congress at the moment, he will change his position.
if he changes his position, then i will have to explain this and i am quite certain, as a responsible leader, that will not happen.
the government had planned to roll out the gst from april 1, 2016, but the constitution amendment bill is stuck in the rajya sabha where the ruling nda does not have a majority.
the government, he added, was open to suggestions to improve the architecture of the gst.
asked about moodys analytics report which said prime minister narendra modi must keep bjp members in check or risk losing domestic and global credibility, he said the commentary by the young analyst is incorrect.
india is the most tolerant society in the world.
.
.
and i will reject any contention which says that a stray incident happening in any part of india makes it intolerant.
some unfortunate incidents take place, that doesnt make india an intolerant society.
india is a liberal society, it will continue to remain one, the minister said.
cong terms on gst not fair, says naidunew delhi, jan 18, 2016, dhns: 1:03 istcongress vice president rahul gandhis latest assertion that his party will support the goods and services tax (gst) bill if its conditions are accepted has failed to revive the governments hopes of its early passage in parliament.
a day after gandhi said the gst bill will be passed in parliament in just 15 minutes with his party's support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by it, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said it was not not fair on its part to set conditions for the passage of the measure.
naidu maintained that if the said clauses were so crucial, the upa could have brought these in the original bill when it was in power.
rahul gandhi said (yesterday) the government (should) agree with congress's conditions for the passage of the bill.
the government has agreed.
the issue is about this cap which congress has not proposed and it had not proposed it when it brought the bill and is suddenly now making it a condition.
that is not fair on its part to demand a cap now, he told reporters here.
finance minister arunjaitley has explained the position.
subsequently, he has communicated to the congress interlocutors that is their leaders in rajya sabha about the government's thinking and response to the proposals given by the congress party except the one that is putting a cap which is not liked by anybody, naidu said.
if it is so important, congress could have brought it in the original gst bill which it had introduced.
pranab mukherjee was the finance minister at that time.
(when) he brought the bill this cap was not there.
subsequently, p chidambaram was steering the gst bill.
he did not think it necessary, he said.
naidu held that many learned people have said there is no need to have any cap as far as taxation percentage is concerned.
other than that, there is a broad agreement.
whatever the congress has suggested, the fm has responded positively.
the gst bill has been approved by lok sabha, but is stuck in rajya sabha, where the ruling bjp does not have a majority.
will resign as cm on sunday: yeddyurappalast updated: 29 july, 2011bangalore, jul 29 (pti) 9:22 istbreaking his silence after the party asked him to step down in the wake of the lokayukta indictment in illegal mining scam, karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa has said he will step down from the post on sunday as per the directions of his party.
in his first comments after keeping the bjp on tenterhooks, yeddyurappa said he had toiled for 40 years to build the party in karnataka from scratch and it was his committed desire to work for its development in future also.
stating that he is a disciplined worker of bjp, yeddyurappa said he has decided to tender his resignation from the post of chief minister as per the direction of the party.
the month of 'ashada' (considered inauspicious) will be over on july 30.
i will be tendering my resignation as chief minister on the forenoon of july 31, he said in a statement late last night.
i have consistently toiled for 40 years to build the party from scratch and have got satisfaction of bringing the party to this level.
it is my committed desire to work for the development of the party in future also, he said.
sources close to the chief minister had said yesterday that 68-year-old yeddyurappa, heading bjp's first government in the south since may 2008, agreed to fall in line with the bjp central parliamentary board's diktat.
the board, the party's highest decision making body, had also decided to send senior leaders rajnath singh and arunjaitley as observers to bangalore today to oversee the election of the new leader of the bjp legislature party.
along with yeddyurappa, the reddy brothers have been strongly indicted in his findings on illegal mining by the lokayukta santosh hegde, which have plunged the state into a political turmoil.
yeddyurappa's indictment pertained to violations of the prevention of corruption act, and the lokayukta also submitted a copy of his report to governor h r bhardwaj recommending to him to initiate further steps.
in the recent weeks, a lot of attention, time and energy has gone into setting right a few thousand crores of rupees of loan fraud detected in india's second largest public sector lender punjab national bank, involving jeweller-designer nirav modi and his group of companies.
also, a few other scams of a similar nature have cropped up demanding more vigil.
this led to a blame game between the government and the reserve bank of india, with one holding the other more responsible for regulatory oversight and checking banking frauds.
recently, finance minister arunjaitley signaled the government's displeasure over the regulators being less accountable than politicians, saying it was peculiar only to the indian system of governance.
roughly a month later, even rbi governor urjit patel broke his silence, highlighting limited powers that the central bank enjoys over the public sector banks in india.
this was again countered by some finance ministry officials, and the passing of the buck is on even now.
but, amid all that rising uproar, are we missing the woods for the trees?
most certainly yes, in the rbi governor's own words.
and, he cautions that we must not lose sight of a greater problem in india's banks than all frauds put together - the problem of non-performing assets (npas) - which has a strong connect with banking frauds.
patel, in a speech at a law university in gujarat, said that there was a need to focus on a larger issue of stressed assets of banks, which he said was greater in magnitude and more significant than the most recent banking fraud.
rbi's financial stability report of june 2017 too clarified that there was a link between bank frauds and the stressed asset problem.
the report had stated that while the volume of frauds had increased 19.
6  in the last five years, the value of the loss incurred from them had risen 72  to rs 167.
7 lakh crore.
the report highlights that the share of frauds in loan portfolio continued to be high at 86  of the frauds reported during 2016-17, in terms of the amount involved.
in a number of large-value frauds, serious gaps in credit underwriting standards were evident.
enterprises in india have over and over again received excessive credit during loan growth cycles, which is followed soon after with repayment problems.
rather than resolving stressed credit problems swiftly, banks, either through loan-level fudges or refusal to recognise the true asset quality of the credits, have allowed promoters in charge of enterprises to have a soft landing.
this soft landing has comprised of even more bank lending so as to keep the accounts artificially in full repayment on past dues, protracted control for promoters over failed assets, and effectively granting them the ability to divert cash and assets, often outside of our jurisdictional reach.
even the parliamentary standing committee on finance has drawn attention to the aggravated lending practice by banks during upturn, laxity in credit risk appraisal and loan monitoring in banks.
also, wilful defaults and loan fraud in some cases lead to stressed assets.
the panel said that the gross npas of scheduled commercial banks rose from 4.
28  (rs 3,23,464 crore) of advances as of march 2015, to 9.
31  (rs 7,90,488 crore) as of march 2017.
over the same period, most of the earlier standard restructured loans were recognised as npas, as they failed to meet rbi stipulated conditions, although it was due to rbi's asset quality review norms.
the rbi recently mandated norms, such as disclosure of bad loans divergence, in order to clamp down on banks' failure to adequately recognise and classify bad loans, and restore market discipline.
turning to the recent pnb fraud and the blame game, patel recently said that instead of passing the blame, the need of the hour was to put in place mechanisms to deter frauds and other irregularities, and ensure that regulators had enough authority to do so.
experts have already recommended legal changes to enable the rbi to hold the same power over public sector banks.
let us look at the current scenario as far as the rbi and government regulations over the banks are concerned, and how they overlap.
all commercial banks in india are regulated by the rbi under the banking regulation (br) act of 1949.
additionally, all public sector banks are regulated by the government of india under the banking companies (acquisition and transfer of undertakings) act, 1970; the bank nationalisation act, 1980; and the state bank of india act, 1955.
additionally, the rbi cannot remove directors and managements at psbs.
rbi cannot even force a merger in the case of psbs.
psbs' banking activity does not require licence from the rbi, and hence the latter cannot revoke a licence of any psb, as it can in the case of private sector banks.
the rbi cannot trigger liquidation of psbs.
in some cases, in the psbs, there is duality of chairman and managing director  they are the same  implying that the md is primarily answerable only to himself or herself.
there is a deep fissure in the landscape of banking regulatory terrain - a system of dual regulation by the finance ministry in addition to rbi, which is bound to lead to tremors such as the most recent fraud, according to the governor himself.
critics have pointed to a heightened market discipline mechanism for public sector banks.
there is a strong sovereign guarantee for all creditors of psbs, and the principal shareholder  the government, which has so far shown no interest in fundamentally modifying the ownership structure.
from an economic standpoint, this weakens market discipline.
hailed as the biggest tax reform since india's independence, gst will replace an array of central and state levies with a national sales tax, thereby creating a single market and making it easier to do business in the country.
the current indirect tax structure in india is fairly complicated.
.
.
those who transacted in either goods or services would have to deal with multiple authorities.
the whole country was divided into multiple markets.
so a free movement of goods and services was not possible.
he added that tax rates on goods may go down marginally under the new indirect tax regime while services may see some increase.
the gst council, which had previously finalised a four- tier tax structure of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent, is scheduled to meet next week to put different commodities and services in the decided tax brackets.
demerit and luxury goods will attract the peak tax rate plus a cess.
tax rate closed to the existing incidence of total central and state levies will be chosen as the slab for a good or services.
as far as goods is concerned, the tax is not likely to increase at all.
if at all, it may marginally come down because of the cascading impact not being there and therefore, it is not likely to be inflationary.
as far as services is concerned, obviously, they will go up marginally and therefore, there will be some impact on this.
asked if gst would stoke inflation, he said: i don't anticipate this to happen significantly.
if at all, this may be a transient impact.
at a separate interactive session on 'india's business environment: reforms and opportunities' organised by cii, indian embassy and japan chamber of commerce, he said after the constitution was amended by parliament and supporting legislations passed, state legislatures are approving the respective state gst law.
currently, that process is on.
i see no difficulty in it, he said adding gst rules have been framed and tax rates will be fixed at the gst council meeting onmay 18 and 19.
jaitley sees no problems in rolling out gst fromjuly 1.
hopefully, fromjuly 1,one of the largest tax reforms in india since independence -- a simpler, more efficient and cleaner taxation system would be introduced in the country which itself would ease the very processes of doing business, he said.
at the investors' meet, he said there would be no cascading impact of tax on tax under gst.
gst being a more efficient tax, evasion will become difficult.
in the current system, there is large evasion, he said.
jaitley said the constitutional amendment gives time tillseptember 15for introduction of gst but the target date has been kept atjuly 1.
so, we have a cushion of two-and-a-half months but it looks like we will be able to begin on schedule, he said.
also, a simple it network has been put in place and there is no multiple forms for filing tax returns, he said.
gst would be a transformational system, he said, adding there could be some small hiccups in the beginning but i think it's understandable.
we will be able to get over this.
new delhi, oct 24, 2014, pti: 20:35 istthe former finance minister dismissed suggestions that the party leadership was not talking even to party workers.
that is not right.
i do see them at regular intervals.
they do talk to me and i assume that there are others.
i would urge them to talk to the public, chidambaram said when asked about a perception that congress has become a rudderless ship as sonia and rahul are seen or heard very rarely.
his remarks are significant as there has been criticism that lack of communication was one of the reasons for the party's debacle in lok sabha elections.
asked whether he was disappointed by the fact that sonia has ceded the space and left it to her son, he said, the question must be put to her.
but i think the creation of the post of vice president and installing rahul gandhi to that post was a deliberate strategy to handover the baton to next generation of leadership.
this, he said, was happening at every level.
i don't think there is anything wrong with that.
i think the decision in jaipur was perhaps the correct decision welcomed with great enthusiasm not only in the party but even from people outside the party.
on the issue of leadership, he said, the most acceptable leader of the party of my generation is sonia gandhi and i think among the younger members of the party, there is wide acceptance of rahul gandhi.
that does not mean other leaders cannot or should not emerge.
the congress leader also dismissed finance minister arun jaitleys' remarks that disclosure of the names of blackmoney account holders can embarrass congress amid speculation that the list could include a former upa minister.
these are individual transgressions, individual violations of law.
individual should be embarassed.
why should the party be embarrassed.
.
.
i do not but if there is the name of any minister, it will embarrass him.
why should it embarass the party.
he is not keeping the account of the party.
the party did not authorise him to keep that account he said.
chidambaram alleged that the government's affidavit in the supreme court arguing that it cannot disclose the names was clearly a u-turn of bjp's earlier position on the issue as it had criticised the upa government on the same position.
he also said that the reorganisation of the party was due for the larger task of being an efffective, strong and robust opposition to the government.
chidambaram said that congress president sonia gandhi was numero uno in the organisation and that the decision in jaipur in january 2013 to make rahul gandhi vice president was perhaps the correct decision.
steering clear of questions about clamour within a section of the party for priyanka gandhi, he urged the congress president and the vice president to speak more.
i would urge them to address more rallies, urge them to meet the media.
.
.
i agree that congress (cadres') morale is pretty low.
but i don't agree that the morale cannot be lifted.
direction cannot be given.
.
.
i am sure the congress leadership has a timetable.
i would urge again that timetable be shortened and we get on with the job of a reorganising the party and getting on with the job of being true opposition, he told ndtv, replying to a question about doubts being expressed about rahul gandhi's leadership.
asked can a non-gandhi become the congress president, he said, i think so.
someday yes, but was quick to add, i do not know when asked about the timeline for such an eventuality.
i am too old to aspire for anything now, he, at the same time, said.
his remarks have come at a time when the process of organisational elections has been set in motion, which will culminate into the election of the new party chief by july end next year.
sonia gandhi is the longest serving party chief being at the helm since march 1998.
to a question as to why the party was over-dependent on one family to lead it, he said, it so happens that he (rahul gandhi) belongs to that family but that does not mean other younger leaders cannot emerge.
after all sachin pilot has emerged.
shourie's comments personal: jaitleynew delhi: oct 29, 2015, dhns 1:30 isttwo days after former nda minister arun shouries sharp attack on the modi government, finance minister arunjaitley describes it as individual reaction made for purely personalised reason.
at a book launch function, the editor-turned politician shourie had come up with a very harsh assessment of prime minister narendra modi, his governments functioning and policies.
he said that lack of direction was making people miss former pm manmohan singh, dubbed present pmo as the weakest and argued that the belief in the dispensation is that managing the economy means managing the headlines.
he summed up his scepticism on expectation from the centre by describing the nda as congress with a cow.
jaitley, who was not spared either, did not treat shouries acerbic remark as that of a critic but voice of a prejudiced man.
i dont think critics really say that, these are individual reactions for purely personalised reasons, arunjaitley commented.
he told a news channel that shourie was never connected with the bjp for the last few years and that some party workers believe that he is not attached with the organisation.
a day before, bjp leader sidharth nath singh was more direct in giving his reaction.
shouries comment was borne out of frustration of not being in government, singh had bluntly countered.
at the same time, the bjp had tried to play down shouries uncharitable remark in the middle of crucial bihar assembly elections by stating that the admirer-turned-basher of modi was no longer a member of the party and that his baseless views are not shared by the country.
union ministers for urban development and parliamentary affairs m venkaiah naidu argued shourie-ji's views are not of the people or the party.
shouries approbation for modi had withered away before the nda government completed its first anniversary in may.
he had directly targeted modi, arunjaitley and bjp chief amit shah, holding them responsible for mistakes committed by the ruling regime.
i have never used such a word.
that is clear misinterpretation of (what i said).
whatever various assessing authorities in india have to do, its their job.
singh, son of rajasthan chief minister raje, has been under attack over media reports that his company received rs 11.
63 crore in investments from modi in 2008.
jaitley, commenting on the controversy, had said, i do not want to comment on him (modi), but it's a commercial transaction between two individuals.
congress yesterday attacked arunjaitley with leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad saying, it is a clear-cut cover-up.
we charge the finance minister with influencing the enforcement directorate (ed) probe in raje's son dushyant singh and lalit modi's case.
azad wondered as to what made the finance minister give a clean chit to raje's son and modi, when the ed, which comes under his ministry, was probing these shady transactions of converting ill-gotten black money.
external affairs minister sushma swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
modi, 49, travelled to london in 2010 after the indian premier league (ipl) became embroiled in allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting.
new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns 2:06 istthe government on wednesday pledged to grant greater administrative and academic autonomy to good quality higher educational institutions.
we will undertake reforms in the university grants commission (ugc).
to give autonomous status, the institutions will be identified on the basis of their ranking and accreditation grade.
a revised framework will be put in place for outcome-based accreditation and credit-based programmes, he added.
the minister announced a plan to set up national testing agency as an autonomous and self-sustained premier testing organisation to conduct all entrance exams for higher education institutions.
this would free the central board of secondary education (cbse), all india council for technical education (aicte) and other premier institutions from the administrative responsibilities of holding entrance tests so that they can focus more on academics, he said.
the ministry of human resource development saw an increase in its budgetary allocations by a little over 10  for 2017-18, compared to the last fiscal.
the finance minister earmarked nearly rs 78,000 crore for the hrd ministry for 2017-18 against allocation of rs 72,394 crore in 2016-17.
the higher education department of the ministry saw about 15.
56  increase in its allocation for 2017-18, compared to those made for the last fiscal, with finance ministry earmarking rs 250 crore towards establishment and operationalisation of higher education financing agency (hefa), announced last year.
for the proposed world-class institutions and prime ministers girls hostels in higher education, the minister earmarked rs 50 crore each.
the indian institutes of management (iims), indian institutes of technology (iits) and the national institutes of technology (nits) also saw an increase in the central funding for the fiscal 2017-18 with the finance ministry earmarking rs 800 crore, rs 7,171 crore and rs 3,280 crore to them respectively.
in his budget speech, arunjaitley proposed leveraging information technology and launching swayam  indias own massive online and open courses (moocs) platform with at least 350 online courses to start with.
the minister earmarked rs 75 crore for this.
only targeting corruption, not party, says azadjan 2, 2016, dhns 0:55 istbjp mp kirti azad has submitted reply of the show-cause notice served to him by the party for indulging in anti-party activities, asserting that he had been pursuing the issue of corruption in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca), which has no links with his party.
azad, who has continued to attack finance minister arunjaitley over the ddca affairs, said the ddca is cricket matter and has no relation with party.
i didnt take the name of (finance minister ) arunjaitley or any body else in the party.
he noted that he had also told party chief amit shah and bjp general secretary (organisation) ram lal on december 18 that arunjaitley was not deputed by the bjp to be the ddca head.
as arunjaitley chose to be the ddca president, he was opening himself to all associated risks that are entitled in running an organisation and that he could not claim the shield of party position if he got implicated in any mismanagement, fraud and irregularity, azad said in his reply.
it's understandable that this year's budget should have an eye on rural india, which constitutes some 70  of voters.
finance minister arunjaitley had no compunction in mixing politics with economics.
in the past, whenever the budget was mixed with elections, political parties would protest against it.
over the years, economics has got mixed with politics.
and, unfortunately, there is no escape from this.
the emphasis this budget is on bettering the lot of the rural poor.
the drubbing the bjp got in the rajasthan by-polls shows that.
in all the three by-elections, including two for the lok sabha, the congress won.
whether the party would continue to obtain the same results is yet to be seen, but the mood is pro-congress.
a sort of pattern is emerging.
where the congress is in power, the bjp has won and it is the other way round in the bjp-ruled states.
the voters have no choice except choosing between the two parties.
the third front is sought to be created, but it is confined to a few states.
the front does not seem able to go across the country.
in fact, the third front is reduced to the trinamool congress in west bengal and the rashtriya janata dal of lalu prasad, however limited in sway, in bihar.
the congress, which is spread all over the country, has only one opponent: the bjp.
this is a strange phenomenon in a secular india, because the credentials of bjp are too well known.
a 'soft' hindutva has come to engulf the country.
this looks odd in india where the constitution describes the republic as 'secular' in its preamble.
one may blame mohammad ali jinnah, the founder of pakistan, for dividing the country into two nations.
but the resistance from the people to such division was minimal.
not long ago, when i discussed the subject with lord mountbatten, the last viceroy of india, he blamed jinnah for partition.
he said that then british prime minister clement atlee was keen on having some sort of unity between india and pakistan.
lord mountbatten told me so when i met him many years after independence.
he said he had invited mahatma gandhi first to have a look at the partition formula.
the mahatma walked out of mountbatten's room when he heard the word partition.
jinnah welcomed it.
when mountbatten asked him if he would have some connection with india, he categorically said no, adding i don't trust them.
to envisage a budget for india is a difficult proposition.
no party, except the congress, has its presence in all the states.
and the congress itself is losing its hold in state after state.
the bjp is slowly filling the vacuum, but on communal lines.
the tragedy is that muslims have withdrawn, instead of confronting hindutva.
when i asked a top muslim leader the reason for this, he said: we want safety of our lives and property.
we are not interested in fighting the hindutva forces.
thus, the bjp is capturing the imagination of hindu population.
modi's masterstrokein the circumstances, 'modicare', which assures health insurance to 50 crore individuals with coverage of up to rs 5 lakh per family per year appears to be a masterstroke.
together with the existing ones, these would ensure one medical college and hospital for every three parliamentary constituencies.
to make it a successful proposition, the centre is expected to involve state-run hospitals in a big way for smooth takeoff of the scheme.
this is the third major insurance programme of the nda government after prime minister's fasal bima yojna for farmers and the pradhan mantri jeevan jyoti bima yojna.
the crop insurance scheme launched by the government a couple of years ago has turned out to be a success, with business growing to around rs 25,000 crore.
this means that prime minister narendra modi could win the next general election.
it would be his personal victory and not that of the bjp.
he has cast his spell over the hindu voters.
but some respite is on the horizon.
the assembly election in gujarat, modi's stronghold, has shown that the bjp's strength is waning.
the congress increased its tally in the state, with the help of a few like-minded parties.
this must have come as a big jolt to the bjp, particularly to modi and party president amit shah.
they had taken gujarat for granted.
the congress is jubilant because it has bearded the lion in its own den.
whether the party can keep the winning trend in the future is difficult to say, but the 'maha front' which nitish kumar is still trying to build with all non-bjp parties may challenge modi at the centre.
one drawback, however, is that nitish kumar is tactically siding with the bjp to save his government in bihar.
lalu yadav is still popular and draws support from even unexpected quarters.
he has been imprisoned and lodged in ranchi jail after he was found guilty in the fodder scam.
yet, he seems to command support from the voters, and nitish is conscious of it.
prime minister modi is not bothered about a fraction of his support going away because he stills commands influence over the voters.
but the real picture will emerge only after the results of the many state elections this year.
whether modi goes in for an early poll next year is in the realm of conjecture.
at present any guess would be a shot in the dark.
new delhi, dec 30, 2015, (pti): 13:52 istsuspended bjp mp kirti azad today targetted more politicians, including party mp and bcci secretary anurag thakur, involved in cricket governance and claimed the sfio probe report had recommended prosecution of finance minister arunjaitley in the ddca affairs.
he also appeared to support delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal's allegation that a ddca official had sought sexual favours from a woman if she wanted her son to be part of its cricket team, saying it was not a new thing and he had raised a similar issue in 2007.
at a press conference here, azad quoted from the report of serious fraud investigation office, which had gone into the delhi cricket body affairs, to claim that it had recommended prosecution of arunjaitley among others but it has not been done in the last three years.
under the companies act, 1956, all the directors were to be assigned particular roles and if they are not, then the term (for action against them) is compunding.
27 executive members, including arunjaitley , were not assigned any role.
24 of them including arunjaitley did not compound.
so sfio recommended that under section 5 g of the companies act, the registrar of companies should prosecute them for not compounding.
it shows the bcci is above law.
it has been three years since the recommendation but they have not been prosecuted, he said.
demanding government oversight of sports administration, he blamed seven-eight politicians affiliated to the bcci for the failure of then sports minister ajay maken in pushing a bill in this regard when the upa was in power.
hitting back at arunjaitley who had called him a trojan horse, he said, these were the trojan horses who did not let it come.
trojan horses in and outside the cabinet and outside.
i hope it does come.
i just love that man (maken).
asked to name these politicians, he named arunjaitley , thakur, rajeev shukla, jyotiraditya scindia, farooq abdullah and praful patel.
all of them were then, and most still are, involved in cricket administration except patel, who is all india football federation president.
referring to thakur, the three-time mp from darbhagna said, you cannot wear two caps.
this is a conflict of interest.
either you are in parliament or you are associated with a sports association.
azad also cited nca chief sharad pawar, who has been extensively involved in sports administration, as he demanded that politicians should not be allowed to be in sports bodies.
azad told a press conference that the cbi had written to the ddca on december 12, seeking its audit report between 2013-14 and alleged that such tactics were meant to delay the inquiry .
jaitley and ddca have denied his charges with the former referring him as a trojan horse, a term used by him time and again to hit back at the senior bjp leader.
bjp has charged him with anti-party activities over his consistent attack on arunjaitley over the alleged financial irregularities in the ddca when he headed it.
ruckus in house after jethmalani attacks jaitleynew delhi: march 22, 2017, dhns 1:38 istlawyer and rjd member ram jethmalani speaks in the rajya sabha in new delhi on tuesday.
ptirastriya janata dal mp ram jethmalanis criticism against finance minister arunjaitley in the rajya sabha on tuesday on black money gave anxious moments for bjp members who protested in the house demanding an apology from him.
the heated arguments began after the 94-year-old veteran lawyer and suspended bjp member asked the government whether it had made any effort to get the names of black money holders offered by germany.
while the opposition accused the government of not doing anything except making false promises of bringing in black money stashed abroad, the government countered it saying several steps have been taken.
the house saw war of words when jethmalani accused the finance minister of using certain words, which infuriated the ruling party members who sought an apology.
you must expel all of them if they dont want the house to continue, jethmalani said as he sought silence in the house, to which the chair said it is an interesting suggestion but cannot be implemented.
jethmalani said the german government has offered to disclose information on account holders stashing black money.
did you make any effort to avail of the offer made publicly by the german government?
centre, states break deadlock on gstnew delhi, dec 16, 2014, pti: 3:09 istin a last-minute compromise deal, the centre on monday night decided to keep petroleum out of goods and services tax (gst) in return for states agreeing to entry tax being subsumed in the new tax regime proposed from april 2016.
on the issue of compensation to states for revenue loss because of subsuming of all indirect taxes in the gst, the finance ministry will seek legal opinion on how it can be accommodated in the constitution amendment bill that it wants to bring in the ongoing winter session of parliament.
a compromise was reached after an over hour-long meeting between finance minister arunjaitley and finance ministers of seven states, including punjab, haryana, gujarat, tamil nadu, maharashtra, karnataka, and jammu and kashmir.
concerns of other states have already been addressed.
it was agreed on monday that petroleum goods would be kept out of the gst bill for initial few years and a decision to include in the new tax regime would be taken later, sources said.
talks between the centre and the states over gst framework reached a deadlock last week over entry tax and vat .
new delhi, jun 17, 2015 (pti) 12:50 istas bjp battled a deepening row involving two of its top leaders vasundhara raje and sushma swaraj, former finance minister p chidambaram today demanded release of all letters written to british authorities on the lalit modi case during the upa rule which he said will answer accusations against congress and him.
the congress also demanded the resignation of the rajasthan chief minister raje and external affairs minister swaraj for helping modi, tainted former ipl commissioner, an economic offender and a fugitive.
the congress' escalation of the attack came the morning after modi's explosive claims that raje had supported in writing his immigration plea in britain and that he has a family relationship with external affairs minister sushma swaraj whose husband and daughter had provided legal services free of cost.
the complete answer to mr lalit modi's accusations against upa can be found in the letters to the uk chancellor.
release them, chidambaram, a senior congress leader, tweeted today.
lalit modi in a television interview last night accused congress and chidambaram of making him a target of political vendetta in the aftermath of congress leader shashi tharoor losing his ministerial job following the ipl scam.
more than two years ago as finance minister, chidambaram had asked the british government why it was not taking action against modi, former ipl chief who had taken refuge in london after he was accused of a wide range of financial impropriety, including money laundering.
chidambaram had taken up the issue during his meeting with the chancellor of the exchequer george osborne in 2013.
he had wanted britain to deport him as modi's passport was impounded in india and his uk visa had run out.
with the latest revelations in modigate drawing vasundhra raje into the controversy, congress spokesperson shobha ojha demanded that raje and swaraj should step down for helping modi.
she also targeted prime minister narendra modi, saying his silence in the matter so far showed that there is a mute support by the pm to these leaders.
meanwhile, holidaying in the tiny balkan nation of montenegro, modi said raje had accompanied his wife to portugal for her cancer treatment two years ago.
raje became chief minister of rajasthan for the second time in december 2013.
the comments of the tainted former ipl commissioner assume significance because it came hours after it was reported that raje had given a witness statement in august 2011 to british authorities supporting his case for immigration in britain which he has made his base after fleeing from india where he faces serious charges of money laundering and fema violations.
raje's purported witness statement was made public earlier in the day on behalf of the modi camp but later in the night the chief minister said she was not aware of this document.
in the interview modi said, my relationship with vasundhara raje goes back 30 years.
that relationship is known to everybody.
she is a close friend of the family and my wife for a long time.
.
.
she openly agreed to be (to be a witness), but unfortunately by the time the case went to trial, she was already chief minister, so she did not come to become a witness.
the statements she gave is all on records in the courts.
raje and sushma supported me when my wife was sick, he said.
it was a family, a legal whatever you may call it.
we were very close.
but the point is not that.
.
.
i am very close to a lot of politicians, not only mrs swaraj.
.
.
, modi said when asked about his relationship with sushma swaraj.
my wife was being taken to portugal by whom, by mrs vasundhara raje.
nobody knows that, i am putting that on record now, modi said, adding she accompanied his wife minal in 2012 and 2013.
the surfacing of the witness statement gave a new twist to the controversy surrounding external affairs minister sushma swaraj's help to modi to seek british travel documents.
i did ask her(swaraj) help, modi said, adding that he would have made a similar plea to any other external affairs minister in office.
i know swaraj kaushal(sushma's husband) for 20 years.
he has been my advocate for 20 years.
.
.
his daughter bansuri had been my advocate for four years, he said, adding that their services had been provided free of cost.
the witness statement came into circulation just hours after finance minister arunjaitley backed swaraj saying whatever she had done was in good faith and bona fide.
the document had a confidentiality clause in which raje purportedly supported modi's case but did not want it to be revealed to indian authorities.
swaraj found herself at the centre of a political firestorm after the uk-based sunday times reported a leaked conversation between influential labour mp keith vaz and head of uk visas and immigration sarah rapson that cited swaraj to facilitate travel documents for lalit modi.
the tv channel also quoted modi having told it that he was also helped by ncp leaders sharad pawar and praful patel and congress leader rajiv shukla.
shukla said he had not talked to modi for three years while pawar said he tried to convince the former ipl chief to return to india and face investigations.
to a question, modi said he was not travelling to india because of security concerns.
asked about his holiday in the famous ibiza resort three days after the surgery of his wife, modi said the family decided to celebrate because the revolutionary treatment received at the portugal medical centre helped her because the liver cancer she was suffering from was in the final stage.
modi said he had done no wrong and has always gone by the book and that he has paid all his dues.
he said he has been taken to task by the previous upa government and asserted he was no fugitive.
jaitley not happy with wb's india rankingnew delhi, nov 2, 2015, dhns: 0:32 ist'ease of doing biz' position should have gone up: fmfinance minister arunjaitley on sunday expressed dissatisfaction with indias 12-rank jump in the world banks ease of doing business index, saying it should have gone up significantly higher than what was pegged at given the number of steps taken by the narendra modi government in the last 17 months.
i understand that all steps have not been factored in since the world bank criteria has a cut-off date and it also waits for announcements to translate into action before they can be factored, he said in a facebook post.
a world bank report on tuesday ranked india at 130 out of 189 countries on the ease of doing business, scaling it up by 12 places from 142nd rank last year.
in september, india saw its ranking climb up by 16 positions on a global index of the world's most competitive economies, according to a report of world economic forum.
even though the push up numerically is modest, it marks the reversal of an adverse trend.
the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) clearances and the environmental approvals were being routinely granted.
investors no longer have to queue up before the ministries in delhi, lobbying for policy changes or approvals, he said.
an equally encouraging factor is that the states have also altered their work culture.
investment is the starting point of all economic activity.
an investment-friendly state will be a natural destination.
this realisation has donned upon the states.
competitive federalism can be seen.
the work culture is changing in most states, he added.
the finance minister, however, said more steps were required to be taken to improve indias global ranking for ease of doing business.
having opened most sectors for foreign direct investment, time has come to examine whether some of the conditionalities on which fdi investment is permitted, have become anachronic.
we need to cut down on the number of permissions required so that the time lag between the decision to invest and the actual investment can be shortened significantly, he said.
states must realise that local laws which enable availability of land, environmental permissions, sanction of building plans need a re look, he suggested.
once an industrial zone or new township has been cleared for environmental sanctions, should individual structures require a separate environmental approval?
many countries have switched to an architects certificate as a substitute for building plans being sanctioned, he added.
new delhi,dec 23, 2015, dhns 1:39 istan aggressive delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on tuesday demanded the resignation of prime minister narendra modi for ordering a flop cbi raid on the delhi government secretariat.
he also sought the sacking of finance minister arunjaitley over corruption in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) during the latters tenure in office.
my office was raided without any reason.
.
.
why did they come to my office when the raid was against (ias officer) rajendra kumar, said kejriwal, calling december 15  the day of cbi searches  as a black day as the delhi assembly resolved to set up a commission of inquiry (coi) to probe ddca irregularities.
the chief minister came down hard on modi during his concluding remarks on a discussion on the cbi raid and said: the cbi reports to the pm and i demand his resignation for such a flop raid on my office which did not yield anything wrong.
i dropped my corrupt minister.
.
.
let modi sack arunjaitley and prove his innocence before the commission of inquiry, kejriwal said, adding that his governments aim is to improve cricket.
the fate of the coi to be headed by former solicitor general gopal subramanium remains uncertain as it would require the approval of lieutenant governor najeeb jung and the central government.
i have a suspicion that the centre will ask lg to declare the coi null and void as it did in the case of a coi into the cng scam, kejriwal said, accusing modi of ordering the cbi raid to save jaitley.
the opposition bjp called the proceedings unconstitutional before walking out of the house minutes before the legislators approved the resolution for a coi.
kejriwal also defended his principal secretary and ias officer rajendra kumar against allegations of graft committed during the previous sheila dikshit government.
he's being mentally harassed.
the cbi has got nothing against him in the last eight days.
if i can remove my minister and babu for committing corruption, it is also my duty to protect honest officers, he said.
i am not defending rajendra because he is related to me.
.
.
if he does something wrong i will myself order action against him, the chief minister said.
satisfying, our efforts are paying off.
india becomes the highest fdi destination for greenfield projects, arunjaitley tweeted.
the finance minister's comment came after a report said that india, with usd 31 billion of foreign capital inflows, has surpassed china and the us to take the pole position in attracting largest fdi in the first half of 2015.
the report published in the 'financial times' said india has attracted usd 31 billion of fdi in the first half of 2015, ahead of usd 28 billion of china and usd 27 billion of us.
the finance ministry has today forwarded a report published in ft that said india grabs investment league pole position.
the report has said india has attracted usd 31 billion of fdi in h1 2015, ahead of usd 28 billion of china and usd 27 billion of us.
steel policy gets approvalnew delhi, dh news service, may 3 2017, 23:50 istbriefing reporters after the cabinet meeting, finance minister arunjaitley said the policy also aspires to achieve 300 mt of steel-making capacity by 2030.
reuters file photothe government on wednesday gave its approval to national steel policy (nsp) that seeks to enhance domestic steel consumption and make india a globally competitive steel industry.
the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendra modi gave its approval to the nsp 2017 that seeks to increase per capita steel consumption to 160 kg by 2030 from the existing level of around 60 kg.
jaitley also said there is no question at all about the government going on the back foot on this issue, as it has done nothing wrong.
we are willing to have a discussion on any subject that the opposition wants, he said.
the finance minister also said that the reforms can even take place outside parliament, but its smooth functioning was important for many other reasons.
there are also some legislative reforms for which parliament must function, he said.
rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushma swaraj have been facing flak for allegedly helping former ipl commissioner lalit modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
modi, 49, travelled to london in 2010 after the indian premier league (ipl) got embroiled in allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting.
dushyant singh, raje's son, has also been under attack over reports that his company received rs 11.
63 crore in investments from modi in 2008.
congress has accused arunjaitley of doing a clear-cut cover-up on the entire issue and of influencing the enforcement directorate (ed) probe in dushyant singh and modi's case.
encouraging the status quokuldip nayar, feb 7, 2017 23:53 istbetween the lineshowsoever prudent the budget proposals are, the fact remains that it encourages status quo.
probably, prime minister narender modis national democratic alliance (nda) government had in mind the elections to uttar pradesh and four other states.
there is no new tax proposal, but then is there no long-term plan how to collect revenue either.
the dependence is on the indirect taxation and the curtailment of subsidies.
there is nothing wrong in resorting to such a method.
but the adverse effect is obvious.
todays india is crying for jobs.
thousands and thousands of graduates have no employment.
the private sector has not expanded enough to absorb them.
agriculture is going up, as much as 4.
1 .
but the graduates want a white collar job, even if the salary is low.
finance minister arunjaitley admits that the budget has not created job.
but his defence is that if and when the economy picks up, the job will come.
it is no consolation to the college quitting students that the jobs would come sooner or later.
some relief has been given to the small scale industry.
but this is not adequate for giving a fillip to the sector.
the public enterprises, which were supposed to touch the commanding heights, have failed to do so because they are starved of funds.
the biggest drawback is that there is no planning.
when narendra modi assumed the reins of government, he wound up the planning commission.
he did not believe in planning and thought it fit to spend as much money as required.
there is nothing in such thinking except that there is no rhythm in expenditure.
the government has felt the need but has left to the ministry concerned to plan its own expenditure.
there is still an obsession with us that deficit financing should be curtailed.
when inflation hovers around 3.
5 , there is no harm in spending more.
the system can take it.
only by spending more, can the country have new enterprises, private and public.
what has weighed in with the finance minister is fiscal management, not political manoeuvring.
that is the reason why the rashtriya syamsevak sangh (rss) has criticised the budget, arguing that the expectations have not been met.
arun arunjaitley was thinking of countrys fiscal health, even at the risk of annoying those who control the bhartiya janata party (bjp).
by bringing down the contributions to the political parties from rs 20,000 to rs 2,000, he has risked the annoyance of all political parties, including the leftists.
but he had his eyes fixed on presenting a balanced picture before the country.
therefore, touching the contribution to the political parties was essential.
markets have heaved a sigh of relief with sensex zooming by 486 points when the budget was announced.
there is, however, no long-term capital gain tax on shares trading as many feared.
still the government should have in its mind some upper limit.
it cannot be free for all.
true, there is no planning commission now, nor a socialistic pattern of society, as indias first prime minister jawaharlal nehru had envisaged.
but to have some contours for the economy are necessary.
to the common relief of the middle class, the government has proposed to halve the income tax to 5  for those earning between rs 2.
5 lakh and rs 5 lakh per annum.
this will increase the number of tax payers because to hide money is also a great hazard.
many experienced it when they were exchanging the currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000.
in the black market, they were sold at half the price.
the medicare scheme is noteworthy.
the governments decision to have the joint budget, the general and the railways, is a departure from the practice of several decades.
if i am not mistaken, this is the first time that a joint budget has been presented before parliament since independence.
if nothing else, it will keep the railways out of politics.
reducing corporate taxes for companies with an annual turnover up to rs 50 crore will benefit 96  of companies.
the idea of introducing electoral bonds is a novel one and possibly the first of its kind in the world.
this will streamline and cleanse electoral funding.
banning cash transactions over rs 3 lakh will allow the banks to focus on value-based banking rather than purely transaction banking.
abolition of foreign investment promotion board (fipb) may streamline funds coming from abroad.
providing infrastructure status to affordable tenements and rationalisation of areawill make the housing sector more competitive.
mid-term viewit is good that the builders who do not deliver the houses on time are punished through the obligation to give back part of money to the people who have given the advance.
narendra modis government is half way from the general election.
it has probably some perspective in view.
however, it is not visible so far and that is going to affect adversely the outcome of the next general election.
no doubt, he would like to have another term.
his task has been made easy because congress vice president rahul gandhi is not a formidable opponent.
the party has been sinking for some time now.
the tragedy of re-electing narendra modi is akin to strengthening the hindutva forces.
those who take order from nagpur, the headquarters of the rss, cannot serve the country which has secularism as its ethos.
the constitution which rules the country gives equal right to hindus, muslims, sikhs and christians.
the bjp cannot challenge the letter of the constitution because of the supreme court which recently held that religion or caste cannot be used for propaganda purpose during the elections.
it is not the letter but the spirit which counts.
the economy will have to change accordingly.
press trust of india, new delhi, may 24 2017, 21:02 iston the proposals pending with fipb, he said they will go back to the ministries concerned.
above: arun jaitley.
pti file photothe union cabinet today approved winding up of the 25-year-old foreign investment promotion board (fipb), which has been vetting fdi proposals requiring government approval.
fipb will be replaced by a new mechanism under which the proposals will be approved by the ministries concerned as per the standard operating procedure approved by the cabinet, he added.
jaitley further said that proposals in sensitive sectors will require the home ministry's approval.
on the proposals pending with fipb, he said they will go back to the ministries concerned.
fipb was constituted under the prime minister's office following economic liberalisation in the early 1990s.
currently, only 11 sectors, including defence and retail trading, require government approval for foreign direct investment (fdi).
jaitley said that about 91-95 per cent of fdi proposals are under the automatic route.
there could also be a provision for quarterly review of pending proposals by the economic affairs secretary and annual review by the finance minister.
the fdi proposals above rs 5,000 crore would continue to be cleared by the cabinet committee on economic affairs.
inflow of foreign direct investment into india increased by 9 per cent to usd 43.
48 billion in 2016-17.
govt open to ban on poll cash donationsfeb 10, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:49 istthe centre on thursday said it was open to the idea of completely banning cash donations for elections, but rejected the suggestion of state funding of polls.
if there is a consensus to bring cash donations to an end, it is a different matter.
if somebody has any improvement to suggest, we welcome it as it concerns all of us.
many political parties had suggested a complete ban on cash donations, saying capping them at rs 2,000 was a flawed idea.
jaitley, however, said the rs 2,000-limit on donations in cash was suggested by the election commission.
the number of rs 2,000 is not given by us (the government).
we decided on this number on the recommendation of election commission, which suggested to reduce the limit from rs 20,000 to rs 2,000 to usher in transparency in political funding, he said.
in this year's budget, the government had proposed to cap cash donations for political parties from one source at rs 2,000.
it had also proposed introducing electoral bonds which donors would be able to purchase from authorised banks.
they would be redeemable only in the designated account of a political party.
jaitley rejected the idea of state funding of elections suggested by some parties, including trinamool congress.
your optimism is based on the fact that when state funding starts only state-provided funds will be used in elections and nobody will use private funds in the elections.
your optimism is based on this one belief which is not consistent with indian reality, he said.
jaitley said the digital mode of payment was the best way to fund elections and gave the example of former us president barack obama to substantiate his argument.
he said issuing electoral bonds would also ensure that only legitimate, tax-paid accounted money comes into the political system.
the finance minister said the identity of the donor will be kept secret since the banking regulation act prohibits sharing of details of bank transactions to anyone including the government and the courts.
he said the cash-to-gdp ratio in india is 12.
2  as against 2 to 5  in developed and emerging economies.
later, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan adjourned the house to meet again on march 9.
us wants india to cut subsidiesnew delhi, feb 12, 2015, dhns: 3:01 ist2015 budget should bring in sensible changes, says treasury secretarythe us on thursday said it expected the narendra modi government to rebalance its priorities in the forthcoming budget by making sensible changes and free up resources for more investments in infrastructure and bring in other reforms.
visiting us treasury secretary jack lew minced no words in conveying that he expected finance minister arunjaitley to announce fewer subsidies in the budget to be presented on february 28, so that it does not distort the economy.
jaitley on his part said that the pace of economic reforms would not slow down because of the delhi election results.
i am sure progress can be made by rebalancing priorities by making sensible changes to free up resources so that you have fewer subsidies that do not distort the economy, more investment in infrastructure that helps build the economy and a fiscal path that makes sense, lew said in response to a question on what were the uss expectations from indias forthcoming budget.
lew was replying to a query at a joint press conference with arunjaitley at the end of the 5th indo-us economic and financial partnership meeting here.
his comments are significant at a time when many experts apprehend that the government may revert to populist measures.
compliments govtlew complimented the modi government on reforms to attract foreign investments in the infrastructure sector and steps to cut fiscal deficit.
in india, the modi government has taken steps to reduce fuel subsidies, allowing the government to continue reducing deficits, while providing the fiscal space to make investments that will boost growth and raise employment, lew said.
he, however, said that additional reforms were necessary.
an increase in public investment combined with a more open investment climate and a deeper financial sector would help attract private infrastructure investment, lew added.
the two sides also discussed ways to combat terror funding, financial sector reforms, the macro-economic situation in both the countries, taxation and banking.
new delhi: feb 5, 2016, dhns 1:37 istthe centre had to drop its proposal to curtail the budget session in view of assembly elections as it ran into a wall of protest by the opposition parties on thursday.
the three-month long budget session will begin on february 23 and continue till may 13 with a five-week recess for examination of the budgetary proposals of the government by parliamentary standing committees.
president pranab mukherjee will address a joint sitting of the lok sabha and the rajya sabha on february 23.
the railway budget will be presented on february 25, the economic survey the following day.
finance minister arunjaitley will present the general budget on february 29.
in view of the elections to four states and one union territory the government was mulling scrapping the recess and concluding the session in one stretch by march end.
this was opposed by political parties at an informal all-party meeting convened by parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu.
we did not want any reduction in the sittings of the houses or a session without a recess.
the absence of a recess hurts the standing committee system, leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad told reporters.
soon after the all party meeting, the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs finalised the dates of the session and sent the recommendation to mukherjee.
the first part of budget session will end on march 16 and the second part will be convened from april 25 to may 13, naidu told reporters.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury, who attended the all-party meeting, favoured a fixed calendar for parliament sessions to remove any confusion.
the election commission will then decide the dates for elections knowing when parliament is sitting.
the prime minister will also know about the sittings and will remain in house and not be abroad, he said.
earlier, naidu had written to leaders of political parties in parliament on the possibility of curtailing the budget session to accommodate hectic campaign schedules of political leaders for the elections in tamil nadu, west bengal, assam, kerala and puducherry.
indian market hit by developments around rbi guv appointment: surveynew delhi, jan 31, 2017 (pti) 15:20 istdevelopments surrounding the appointment of new rbi governor were among the factors last year that weighed down on the indian markets, according to the economic survey.
mainly in the wake of foreign capital outflow from emerging economies, the economic survey 2016-17 said the upward momentum, which was visible in the indian markets and peaked around september 2016 lost steam thereafter.
various global and domestic factors had a sizable impact on the performance of the indian markets, it said.
the economic survey 2016-17, prepared by chief economic advisor arvind subramanian, has cited developments around the appointment of rbi governor as among the factors that impacted the domestic market last year.
global and domestic factors had a sizable impact on the performance of the indian markets.
some of the closely watched developments were the brexit, the us presidential elections as well as policy announcements by the us federal reserve and the rbi.
in addition, other factors which weighed on market sentiment included the policy decisions taken by the opec (organisation of the petroleum exporting countries) regarding oil production and the appointment of the new governor of the rbi, the survey said.
urjit patel was appointed as the rbi governor in august last year succeeding raghuram rajan, whose tenure was marked with tough measures to control inflation and headline-making statements.
in a surprise move, rajan had announced that he would not be seeking a second term in june last year.
rajan, who went on to earn a reputation of being an outspoken critic on various economic and even non-economic issues, was under attack from some quarters for what they termed as his priority on inflation control at the cost of growth.
according to the survey, the fpi outflow was not a phenomenon associated with indian markets alone as fpis pulled out of most emes (emerging market economies) in a big way due to higher returns in advanced economies.
meanwhile, subramanian said the survey has benefitted from the comments and inputs from officials, including rajan and patel.
the survey was tabled by finance minister arunjaitley in parliament today.
cong targets arunjaitley over ddca, demands resignationnew delhi, dec 16, 2015 (pti) 18:53 istcongress today targeted finance minister arunjaitley and demanded his resignation over alleged gross financial irregularities in delhi's cricket body ddca when he headed it from 1999 to 2013.
in a further escalation of the confrontation between the opposition party and the government, the party claimed that a committee constituted by delhi government has found gross financial irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) during that period.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal had yesterday indicated that he proposed to order a commission of inquiry into the report of the committee set up by his government to go into the ddca affairs, which implicated jaitley.
jaitley had dismissed his claims as absolute rubbish but he was not available immediately to react to the congress charges.
congress fielded its top parliamentary leaders to launch the attack on arunjaitley and the affairs of the ddca, a sec 25 non-profit company, and demand that he should step down because a fair probe was not possible as long as he was in office.
flanked by leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, party leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge senior spokesman ajay maken also sought setting up of a joint parliamentary committee to go into the issue.
congress demands that pending the completion of inquiry through a jpc, arunjaitley step down, failing which the prime minister should sack him, maken said at a press conference.
he made his claims on the basis of reports of a three-member committee set up by delhi chief minister kejriwal, an roc report of last year, findings of a two-member commission constituted by a delhi court and an internal fact-finding committee of ddca.
maken said four persons in the ddca, who have been known for their proximity to arunjaitley have been named as officers in default by the registrar of companies in his order of august last year.
how can a fair probe into the issue is possible as long as arunjaitley is the finance minister, who is also the corporate affairs minister, he wondered.
maken noted that virtually all enforcement authorities ed, it, revenue intelligence, serious fraud investigation office directly report to him.
the same agencies are supposed to take action against ddca for infraction of various rules and norms of the companies act and under criminal law, he said.
maken, who has earlier been sports minister at the centre, said the registrar of companies have proved the charges of irregularities after he had complained to the then corporate affairs minister m veerappa moily, who had ordered the roc inquiry.
he said the investigation by the sfio had found that the reconstruction of the ferozshah kotla stadium was carried out between 2002 and 2007 which saw an escalation of costs by rs 90 crore.
he said the initial budget was 24 crore but eventually it went up to rs 114 crore.
maken claimed that it was also revealed by sfio probe that there was no record of tender for most of the contracts issued by the ddca for the construction of the stadium.
he said the report found many companies that were given contracts were actually owned by the office bearers of the ddca.
our plate is already full, azad remarked when reporters queried whether the congress would raise it in parliament tomorrow.
kharge said that the decision would be taken by the leadership.
maken, who is also delhi congress chief, hit hard at the arvind kejriwal government raising question as to why it was sitting on the report for one month.
the chief minister had on nov 12 asked a three-member committee to go into the ddca affairs within three days.
why modi is media warynew delhi, aug 30, 2014, dhns: 1:28 istfinance minister arunjaitley has countered the suggestion that prime minister narendra modi could have avoided controversies like the one involving rumours concerning home minister rajnath singh and his son if his office had a better pr set-up.
jaitley said modi adopted the strategy of engaging with the people directly because he had experienced a hostile media in the past.
he recalled that modi became a subject of criticism for a majority of newspapers after the riots that broke out in gujarat following the godhra train tragedy in february 2002.
according to a leading newspaper, then gujarat chief minister modi had said in an interview to it that every action has a reaction, justifying the violence.
jaitley, who was speaking at an event where two books on modi were released, said no such interview had ever taken place, but it became the launch pad for the anti-modi campaign.
he said modis plea for peace and other statements were not published, and it was because of the medias hostility that he chose to speak to the people directly.
' pti file photo.
the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, he said, adding that this is the only effect of the notification.
last week the environment ministry notified the stringent 'prevention of cruelty to animals (regulation of livestock markets) rules, 2017, under the prevention of cruelty to animals act, banning sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter.
jaitley said the existing laws are continuing and the notification has nothing to do with state legislations with regard to slaughter of cattle.
every state has its own legislation or no legislation (with regard to slaughter of cattle).
prohibition of cow slaughter mentioned in article 48 of the constitution is not an enforceable article, but a directive principles of state policy and mandates that the states has to bring laws to ban cow slaughter.
govt initiatives dampen industrial housesfeb 2, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:23 istrelief for smes as tax for cos with annual turnover up to rs 50 cr is reduced to 25 even as the budget was a big disappointment for large companies on the corporate tax front, finance minister arunjaitley sought to provide relief to the micro small and medium enterprises (msme) sector that was hit hard by demonetisation.
he said income tax for smaller companies with annual turnover up to rs 50 crore is reduced to 25 .
some critics, however, said the whole point of cutting that tax rate should have been to make indian companies competitive with other global competitors.
they said it was the larger companies that are competing rather than the smaller ones.
jaitley said the income tax for smaller companies with annual turnover up to rs 50 crore is reduced to 25  in order to make msme companies more viable and also to encourage firms to migrate to company format.
the move is, however, not merely limited to msmes, but also to startups who earn up to rs 50 crore.
94 lakh companies filing returns  of which 6.
67 lakh companies fall in this category and, therefore, percentage-wise 96  of companies will get this benefit of lower taxation.
he said, this will make our msme sector more competitive as compared to large companies.
the revenue forgone estimate for this measure is expected to be rs 7,200 crore per annum.
the fm said, however, that the levy of minimum alternate tax (mat)  an issue that bothers small companies cannot be removed or reduced at present.
however, in order to allow companies to use mat credit in future years, he proposed to allow carry forward of mat up to a period of 15 years instead of 10 years at present.
mat is at present levied as an advance tax.
although the plan for phasing-out of exemptions will kick in from april 1, the full benefit of revenue out of phase-out will be available to the government only after 7 to 10 years when all those who are already availing exemptions at present complete their period of availment.
jaitley also proposed to extend till june 30, 2020 a concessional with-holding rate of 5  that is being charged on interest earned by foreign entities in external commercial borrowings or in bonds and government securities.
this concession was to be available only till june 30 this year.
this benefit would also extended to rupee denominated (masala) bonds.
the fm said the government gave income tax exemptions to startups with certain conditions last year.
for the purpose of carry forward of losses in respect of such startups, the condition of continuous holding of 51  of voting rights has been relaxed subject to the condition that the holding of the original promoter/promoters continues.
also the profit-linked deduction available to the startups for three years out of five years is being changed to three years out of seven years.
he said direct tax collection was up 12.
01 per cent at rs 5.
53 lakh crore in april-december 2016 as compared to revenue in the year-ago period, while indirect tax receipts soared 25 per cent to rs 6.
30 lakh crore.
giving the break-up, he said excise collection was up 43 per cent at rs 2.
79 lakh crore, while service tax rose 23.
9 per cent to rs 1.
83 lakh crore in the first nine months of the current fiscal.
customs duty receipts were up 4.
1 per cent at rs 1.
67 lakh crore.
indirect tax collection in december was up 14.
2 per cent year-on-year, he said.
during the month, which witnessed the demonetisation process, the excise collection was up 31.
service tax receipts in december were also up 12.
4 per cent.
customs revenue dipped 6.
3 per cent as gold imports came down.
when compared with tax collections in november, indirect tax receipts in december 2016 were up 12.
8 per cent, he said.
vat collections in most states too have shown an increase and they also received taxes in the old currency in november.
in my opinion, all well administered states have seen rise in vat collection even in november, he said.
cash dealings above rs 3 lakh banned from apr 1: jaitleynew delhi, feb 1, 2017 (pti) 14:36 istcontinuing with government steps to clamp down on black money, finance minister arunjaitley today proposed to ban all cash transactions above rs 3 lakh beginning april 1, 2017.
all cash transactions above rs 3 lakh will be banned, he said.
the sit, headed by justice m b shah (retired), in july had submitted its fifth report to the supreme court on steps needed to curb black money.
noting that a large amount of unaccounted wealth is stored in cash, sit had said: having considered the provisions which exist in this regard in various countries and also having considered various reports and observations of courts regarding cash transactions, the sit felt that there is a need to put an upper limit to cash transactions.
it recommended a total ban on cash transactions of rs 3 lakh and above and that an act be framed to declare such transactions as illegal and punishable under law.
naidu, jagan war on black money reaches modihyderabad, oct 14, 2016, dhns: 0:21 istleaders shoot off separate letters to the prime ministera bitter political war ensued in andhra pradesh after chief minister chandrababu naidu in a letter to prime minister narendra modi on thursday urged him to demonetise the rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to curtail black money.
naidu also urged the prime minister to mount pressure on swiss banks to disclose the names of those who have stashed black money.
he also lauded ids 2016, saying it resulted in a pan-india declaration of undisclosed income exceeding rs 65,000 crore.
trouble started after naidu, at a press conference in velagapudi, indirectly implied that ysr congress party chief y s jaganmohan reddy had declared rs 10,000 crore out of a record rs 13,000 crore as income under the income declaration scheme (ids).
taking objection to the charges, reddy also dashed off a letter to the prime minister on thursday.
in his letter, reddy wanted to know how the details of ids 2016 were selectively leaked to naidu when the central board of direct taxes has not released any data to the public.
he wanted the entire list of ids 2016 to be published and a thorough inquiry initiated into the corruption charges against the chief minister.
how is that mr chandrababu naidu alone is privy to this information?
if true, then the person who declared should have been a benami of chandrababu naidu.
otherwise, how can he be so specific about the numbers?
the ysrc chief wrote.
he also enclosed a party publication on a list of corruption charges against naidu.
the person naidu was talking about must be his benami, otherwise why he is worried and asking the prime minister to withdraw large denomination currency, public accounts committee chairman and ysrcp mla buggana rajendranath reddy said.
former congress mp undavalli arunkumar wrote to finance minister arunjaitley asking him to make public the list of those people who have declared their hitherto undeclared assets to clear the air.
modi chooses arunjaitley to handle govt imagenew delhi, nov 11, 2014, dhns 0:41 istpm wants his messages to reach people via air, ddprime minister narendra modi on monday asked finance minister arunjaitley to play the role of chief spokesperson of the government by giving him additional charge of the information and broadcasting (i&b) ministry.
jaitley was on sunday freed of the defence portfolio so that he could concentrate on the next budget and economic reforms.
jaitley was also told by modi that his relations with the media would help in shaping the government's image.
besides, modi has indicated that he wants to ensure that his message reaches the people through official media like all india radio and doordarshan.
bharatiya janata party (bjp) sources said jaitleys stewardship of the i&b ministry would help this objective.
initially, arunjaitley was reluctant to take up the additional role, saying he was busy with next years budget.
this will be the first full-fledged budget of the modi government.
left to himself, arunjaitley would have preferred additional charge of the law and justice ministry, which was given to d v sadananda gowda after he was removed as railway minister to make way for suresh prabhu.
but modi is understood to have persuaded arunjaitley to take up additional charge of the i&b ministry.
on two occasions, modi had asked arunjaitley to make mega announcements on fixing the price of natural gas and allocation of coal mines by auction.
with his new role as i&b minister, arunjaitley was told that he would be back to performing his earlier role as one of the bjps important spokespersons, appearing regularly on news shows to promote the government's stand and the party line.
the assignment for arunjaitley also underscores modi's move to strengthen the government's communication strategy, which first saw the prime ministers interaction with journalists for the first time and then with some editors recently.
hitherto, modi had chosen not to interact with media personnel, instead preferring to convey his messages through twitter and other social media outlets.
today, there had been a lot of growth of radio and digital media.
there was a time when the major work of this ministry was doordarshan and all india radio.
it is still a major area, but the ministry would have to look at the changed information process scenario he said.
later in the day, as the congress and the aam aadmi party attacked modi for the cabinet reshuffle, arunjaitley defended his government.
jaitley said the congress had made unfounded charges against ministers.
it is not right to make such baseless allegations against the new ministers, he said.
as long as there is no moral turpitude in the cases against the new ministers, there is nothing wrong.
bengaluru: feb 3, 2016, dhns 2:17 istthe siddaramaiah government is set to organise its first global investors' meet  invest karnataka - 2016  from wednesday with the aim of attracting more than rs 3 lakh crore worth investments to the state.
the city has decked up for the three-day event, which expects to host more than 100 industry czars, including anil ambani, ratan tata and kumar mangalam birla, representatives of top multinational companies and a galaxy of political leaders.
union finance minister arunjaitley is scheduled to inaugurate the event at the bangalore palace.
this is the fourth edition of the meet.
the chief minister expressed confidence that the event will double the investments the state has received in the last three years.
about rs 1.
50 lakh crore worth of investments have been received since 2013.
manufacturing, aerospace, automobile and machine tools have been identified as the focus sectors.
seven partner countries  france, germany, united kingdom, italy, sweden, japan and republic of korea - are sending huge business delegations to the mega event.
the government hopes that the meet will help it to shed its anti-industry image.
the state has lost out on many big-ticket investment proposals, including one by hero motocorp in dharwad, in the last two and a half years, mainly on account of slackness in administration.
besides, e-commerce companies have been grumbling about the taxation policy for quite some time, while several multinational companies like bosch have been vocal about crumbling infrastructure.
as a result, flow of industrial investment had taken a severe beating.
the government has of late taken a number of new initiatives in ensuring ease of doing business to give a boost to the industry sector.
doing away with trade licence system and introduction of online system for according various clearances for setting up industries are a few among them.
govt to spend rs 50,000 cr under new irrigation schemenew delhi, jul 2, 2015 (pti) 15:00 istwith an eye on improving farm productivity, the government will spend rs 50,000 crore over the next five years under the pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana (pmksy).
it has been decided that in 5 years, rs 50,000 crore from the central budget would be utilised for the pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana.
he further said: this can also be utilised to help the material component in mnrega (mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act).
the decision was taken at the meeting of cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) headed by prime minister narendra modi yesterday.
for the current fiscal, he said the allocation is rs 5,300 crore.
the spending this year is expected to bring an additional 6 lakh hectares under irrigation while 5 lakh hectares will benefit from drip irrigation.
that apart, 1,300 watershed projects have been marked for completion.
currently, 142 million hectares are used for cultivation, of which only 45 per cent farm land is under irrigation.
the major objective of the pmksy is to achieve convergence of investments in irrigation at the field level, expand cultivable area under assured irrigation (har khet ko pani), improve on-farm water use efficiency to reduce wastage of water, enhance adoption of precision-irrigation and other water-saving technologies (more crop per drop), he said.
besides, the fm said the scheme is aimed at enhancing recharge of aquifers and introducing sustainable water conservation practices by exploring feasibility of re-using treated municipal water for peri-urban agriculture and attracting greater private investment in precision irrigation.
the scheme also aims at bringing ministries, departments, agencies, research and financial institutions engaged in creation/recycling/potential recycling of water under a common platform so that a comprehensive and holistic view of the entire water cycle is taken into account and proper water budgeting is done for all sectors, he said.
the programme architecture of pmksy looks at a 'decentralised state-level planning and execution' structure in order to allow states to draw up a district irrigation plan (dip) and a state irrigation plan (sip), he said.
dip will have a holistic developmental perspective of the district outlining medium- to long-term developmental plans integrating three components namely, water sources, distribution network and water use application of the district to be prepared at two levels - the block and the district, he said.
all structures created under the schemes will be geo-tagged, he added.
the programme will be supervised and monitored at the national level by an inter-ministerial national steering committee (nsc) under the chairmanship of the prime minister with the union ministers concerned.
a national executive committee (nec) is to be constituted under the chairmanship of the vice-chairman, niti aayog, to oversee programme implementation, allocation of resources, inter-ministerial coordination, monitoring and performance assessment, addressing administrative issues and the like.
at the state level, the scheme is to be administered by a state level sanctioning committee (slsc) to be chaired by the chief secretary of respective states.
the committee will have complete authority to sanction the project and monitor its progress.
also, their shall be a district level implementation committee for ensuring last-mile coordination at the field level.
it is expected that pmksy will provide convergence to existing schemes of water management, thus potentially boosting efficient water use.
jaitley further said the government has taken several farmer-friendly initiatives in the past one year, including introduction of a soil health card to every farmer.
soil health management is being promoted through setting up of soil and fertiliser testing laboratories.
thirty four lakh soil samples have been collected and analysis is continuing, he said.
a new scheme, pramparagat krishi vikas yojana, has been rolled out to promote organic farming, he said.
a dedicated kisan channel has been started by doordarshan to address various issues concerning farmers too.
assistance to farmers in the form of input subsidy has been increased by 50 per cent in the case of natural calamities, the fm said, adding that to avail of assistance, the norms have been relaxed to 33 per cent of crop loss from more than 50 per cent.
he further said: minimum support price (msp) for various kharif crops has been increased.
bonus of rs 200 per quintal has been announced for pulses.
area coverage under pulses has increased over the last year.
new delhi/thiruvananthapuram, feb 1, 2017, (pti) 17:11 istformer union minister and iuml leader e ahamed, who was widely considered as india's 'unofficial ambassador' to gulf countries, passed away early today but a row broke out over the presentation of the union budget in parliament in the light of the death of the sitting mp.
the centre was also accused by the congress of delaying the announcement of the death of 78-year-old ahamed at government-run rml hospital in delhi to facilitate the presentation of budget as scheduled.
ahamed is a sitting lok sabha mp from mallapuram in kerala.
ahamed died at 2:15 am at ram manohar lohia(rml) hospital where he was admitted yesterday and put on artificial life support.
the indian union muslim league(iuml) leader collapsed and suffered cardiac arrest during the president's address at the joint sitting of parliament and was rushed to rml hospital yesterday.
e ahamed passed away at 2:15 am.
his body has been taken to aiims hospital for embalming as the facility is not available at rml, a senior rml doctor told pti.
a widower, ahamed is survived by two sons and a daughter.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan slammed the centre for presenting the union budget, hours after the death of ahmed saying it was improper, unfortunate and amounted to showing disrespect to the departed leader.
presenting budget in the same building within hours after his death was totally improper and unfortunate.
the centre has gone ahead with the budget presentation, hurting the sentiments of the members of the house, he said in a statement in thiruvananthapuram .
the act amounted to disrespect to the memories of the deceased and insulting the democratic consciousness of the nation.
it was a grave mistake that the government had gone ahead with the budget presentation at a time when tributes should have been paid to such a senior leader, he said.
prime minister narendra modi, vice-president hamid ansari, home minister rajnath singh and other top leaders cutting across party lines paid rich tributes to ahamed.
modi said ahamed's efforts for empowerment of the muslim community will be remembered, noting that he served the nation with great diligence.
he said ahamed devoted significant efforts towards kerala's progress and his role in deepening india's ties with west asia was notable.
ahamed was not only an able parliamentarian and administrator, but also is considered as india's 'unofficial ambassador' to gulf countries due to his proximity with leaders in that region.
ahamed had served the upa government led by manmohan singh from 2004-12 as minister of state for external affairs and railways besides holding the additional charge of the ministry of human resource development.
ahamed, who started his political innings in kerala with five stints as member of state assembly, proved his administrative capabilities as industries minister in 1982.
rejecting demands from the opposition in the lok sabha to postpone the presentation of the budget following the death of ahamed, speaker sumitra mahajan allowed finance minister arunjaitley to carry out the exercise saying it was a constitutional obligation.
mahajan, however, said lok sabha will not sit tomorrow as a mark of respect for the departed leader.
ahamed had also tried his hand as a journalist-- both as sub editor and reporter of the party newspaper 'chandrika' and played a vital role in the growth of the newspaper.
they had information (about e ahmed's death) and could have decided yesterday (to make it public) but they put that on hold.
they thought they will take a decision after the presentation of the budget.
this is an inhuman act.
to deal with a politician like this at such a time is not acceptable.
there is ample time for conducting the budget.
they could have postponed the budget and conducted it tomorrow but they have dismissed this, leader of opposition in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge told reporters in delhi.
high drama prevailed at rml hospital when top congress leaders visited the hospital to enquire about ahamed's health last night amid allegations that his family was not being allowed to meet him.
congress president sonia gandhi, party vice president rahul gandhi, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, besides other party leaders rushed to the hospital late at night and met ahamed's family.
congress president sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad and ahmed patel rushed to the rml hospital because e ahamed's family, who collapsed today, is not being permitted to meet him or to know about his well being.
this is complete high-handedness of the government, congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala told pti.
he said the government has stopped the blood relatives of the former union minister from meeting him or knowing about his critical state at such a time.
sources add that ahamed's son, daughters and son-in-law were at the hospital and even had an exchange of hot words with the hospital authorities.
former defence minister and congress leader a k antony termed as cruel the behaviour of the rml hospital authorities towards ahamed's family members.
in an obvious reference to the demand for delaying the budget announcement following the death of ahamed, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee said the controversial budget became even more controversial.
controversial budget became even more controversial, banerjee said in a statement.
very sad to see the way e ahamed ji and family were handled.
condolences to the family of e ahamed ji.
he was first elected as an mla 50 years ago and served the nation and the people of kerala, the tmc added.
ahamed, a widely travelled politician, had represented india in united nations 10 times.
he was also an active member of the union government's haj committee and also co-chairman for the high-level monitoring mechanism of india and qatar in 2011.
in 1984, he was sent to gcc countries as an emissary of the then prime minister late indira gandhi.
ahamed had started his political innings in kerala with five stints as member of state assembly and proved his administrative capabilities as industries minister in 1982.
it was during his tenure that a new industrial culture took shape in the state with the setting up of keltron.
ahamed gave a national face to iuml, a partner in the congress-led udf coalition.
born to abdul khader haji and nasifa beevi in 1938, he had his early education in tana in kannur district.
he graduated from the brennen college, thalassery and earned a law degree from thiruvananthapuram law college.
for a short period, he practised in a court in thalassery and kerala high court.
a student leader and founder general secretary of the muslim students federation, ahamed was first elected as mla in 1967 and was member of the house in 1977, 1980, 1982 and 1987.
in 1991, he shifted his political arena to delhi and became lok sabha member from manjeri in malappuram district and went on to win from the same constituency in 1996, 1998, and 1999.
in 2004 polls, ahamed's victory was the saving grace for congress-led udf as all other 19 seats were won by cpi(m) led ldf.
in the 2014 elections, ahamed had won by the largest margin of over one lakh votes.
ahamed also had four books in english and malayalam as author to his credit.
unaware of travel papers: ex-foreign secynew delhi, june 17, 2015, dhns 1:45 istformer foreign secretary sujatha singhs assertion that she had no knowledge of external affairs minister sushma swaraj intervening in favour of ipl ex-chief lalit modi getting a travel document from the uk has cast a shadow on the manner in which the ministries of finance and external affairs went about the matter.
i have no idea about this case.
i do not recall a single paper related to this, singh told a tv channel on tuesday.
she was foreign secretary, when swaraj, acting on modis request, told british high commissioner to india james bevan if the uk government issued a travel document to modi it would not have any adverse impact on new delhis relations with london.
singh was unceremoniously ousted from office in january.
sources said the mea had no document with it about swarajs intervention in favour of modi as the external affairs minister had possibly communicated her views to the british high commissioner verbally.
the ministries of finance and external affairs on tuesday appeared to pass the buck to each other as the government struggled to explain why delhi high courts judgment restoring modis passport had not yet been challenged in the supreme court.
amid the controversy, finance minister arunjaitley sought to indicate that it was the responsibility of the mea to decide on the issue of appealing to the supreme court to challenge the delhi high courts august 27, 2014 judgment quashing revocation of former ipl commissioners passport.
the matter of passport comes within the jurisdiction of passport authorities.
the enforcement directorate is a wing of the department of revenue of the ministry of finance and it probes economic offences.
the issue of passports is a responsibility vested on the mea, which do it through regional passport offices and passport seva kendras across the country.
the regional passport officers are also empowered to revoke passports, on requests from police and other probe agencies or on orders from courts.
modi has been under the eds scanner since 2010 when the agency started a probe into allegations of money laundering and contraventions of foreign exchange management act 1999.
the remark of the finance minister notwithstanding, the mea declined to take responsibility for the governments apparent reluctance to challenge the courts order in the apex court.
officials said that the ed had never asked the mea to move the supreme court and appeal against the order.
they pointed out that the regional passport office in mumbai had revoked the passport of modi in march 2011, only after receiving a request from the ed for the same.
but the ed had not shred with the mea its opinion that the courts order should be challenged in the apex court, they added.
new delhi/bangalore, jul 8, 2012, dhns: 1:56 istshettar to be next cm on wednesdaysenior party leaders arunjaitley and rajnath singh, observers for the election of the new leader, will arrive in bangalore on monday evening.
they plan to discuss rehabilitation, creation of the post of deputy chief minister and political responsibility for the outgoing chief minister informally at the party forum and also at the bjplp, party sources said.
a one-line resolution will be passed at the bjplp declaring jagadish shettar its new leader.
sadananda gowda will then meet governor h r bhardwaj at raj bhavan and submit his resignation as chief minister.
shettar is expected to accompany gowda along with a copy of the bjplp resolution and officially stake claim to form the government.
shettar is likely to be sworn in as the states 21st chief minister on wednesday.
however, a final decision on the date and time will be taken on monday or at the bjplp.
as many as 25 to 30 ministers will be sworn in along with shettar, sources said.
making a formal announcement in new delhi on the change of guard in the state, bjp national president nitin gadkari said: in view of the current political situation in karnataka, gowda has handed over his resignation to me and i accepted it.
jagadish shettar will be the new chief minister.
praising gowda several times during the short press briefing, gadkari said in his tenure, gowda did good work and the performance of our government was very good.
there were no complaints against him on grounds of corruption but keeping the partys interest in mind, as a good party worker, he has resigned, gadkari said after a nearly two-hour meeting with gowda.
senior bjp leaders rajnath singh, arunjaitley and karnataka in-charge general secretary dharmendra pradhan were present.
interestingly, when gadkari made the announcement about gowdas resignation, the outgoing chief minister was not by his side.
gowda left gadkaris residence by the backdoor after submitting his resignation to the party chief.
with the assembly elections just 10 months away, the bjp central leadership realised that to put up a good show, it will have to fight under the leadership of yeddyurappa, whom many see as the undisputed leader of the lingayat community which has always voted for the party, bjp sources said.
sources said that though the party has offered the state unit president post to gowda, it is learnt that the latter while agreeing to accept the post, made it clear that he could do so only after a few months and not now.
sources close to sadanand gowda told deccan herald that he wanted to take over the party president post only after the current impasse died down completely and didnt want to encounter any further problems by taking the party reins immediately.
to a question on whether the party would give any post to gowda, gadkari said the party was yet to take a decision.
the bjp legislature party (bjplp) will meet in bangalore on tuesday morning to formally elect shettar as its new leader and second chief minister within 11 months, a transition the party leadership hopes will end the current phase of infighting in the party state unit.
cong slams appointment of vinod rai in bank boardfebruary 29, 2016, new delhi, dhns 0:31 istthe congress on sunday questioned the legality of the appointment of former comptroller and auditor general vinod rai to the post of chairman of the newly constituted banks board bureau.
violation of lawcongresss chief spokesman randeep singh surjewala claimed that rais appointment violated article 148 (4) of the constitution that bars a former cag from holding government office.
the pm confers padma award, appoints ex-cag vinod rai as chairman of banks bureau.
jaitleyji said no jobs for ex-cag.
u-turn, surjewala tweeted.
the congress also dug out arunjaitley remarks as the leader of the opposition disfavouring post-retirement jobs for cag, central vigilance commissioner and central election commissioner.
going digital: no cash transaction above rs 3lfeb 2, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:11 istmerchant version of aadhaar enabled payment system to be launched shortlyin a major move to limit the use of cash in the economy and to promote more organised payments, finance minister arunjaitley proposed ban on cash payments above rs 3 lakh.
in a bid to incentivise digital transactions, the finance minister proposed that the presumptive income tax for small and medium tax payers whose turnover is up to rs 2 crore will be reduced from the present 8  of their turnover which is counted as presumptive income to 6  in respect of turnover which is received by non-cash means.
the finance minister also proposed to limit the cash expenditure allowable as deduction, both for revenue as well as capital expenditure, up to rs 10,000.
similarly, the limit of cash donation which can be received by a charitable trust is being reduced from rs 10,000 to rs 2,000.
in a move to promote cashless transactions, the finance minister proposed to exempt levies and duties on miniaturised pos card reader for m-pos, micro atm standards version 1.
5.
1, finger print readers/scanners and iris scanners.
he also proposed to exempt parts and components for manufacture of such devices, so as to encourage domestic manufacturing of these devices.
as for regulating the digital economy, the finance minister has proposed to create a payments regulatory board in the reserve bank of india (rbi) by replacing the existing board for regulation and supervision of payment and settlement systems.
the committee on digital payments constituted by the department of economic affairs has recommended structural reforms in the payment ecosystem, including amendments to the payment and settlement systems act, 2007.
he announced that steps would be taken to promote and possibly mandate petrol pumps, fertilizer depots, municipalities, block offices, road transport offices, universities, colleges, hospitals and other institutions to have facilities for digital payments, including bhim app.
jaitley held that bhim will unleash the power of mobile phones for digital payments and financial inclusion.
he also announced that aadhaar pay, a merchant version of aadhaar enabled payment system, will be launched shortly.
this will be specifically beneficial for those who do not have debit cards, mobile wallets and mobile phones.
a mission will be set up with a target of 2,500 crore digital transactions for 2017-18 through upi, ussd, aadhaar pay, imps and debit cards.
banks have targeted to introduce additional 10 lakh new pos terminals by march 2017.
they will be encouraged to introduce 20 lakh aadhaar based pos by september 2017.
a proposal to mandate all the government receipts through digital means, beyond a prescribed limit, is under consideration.
the government will beef up the financial inclusion fund to augment resources for taking up these initiatives.
jaitley said the cashless system has a transformative impact in terms of greater formalisation of the economy, and mainstreaming of financial savings into the banking system.
this, in turn, is expected to energise private investment in the country through lower cost of credit.
india is now on the cusp of a massive digital revolution.
this is our area of core strength.
we have the abilities to provide services cheaper, the finance minister said at a two-day exposition on services at a sprawling pragati maidan fair ground in the capital.
he said from education to healthcare and it had the potential to generate huge number of jobs.
these are the areas to address, he added, calling upon measures by both centre and the state governments.
earlier, commerce minister nirmala sitharaman also said india was a global leader in providing services and that recognition must be realised to the full potential.
the two-day event was opened by prime minister narendra modi on thursday.
human resource is india's biggest power, modi said in his inaugural address at the global exhibition on services (ges) here.
earlier, there was brain drain, now there is the yatra from brain drain to 'brain gain', he said.
we must not worry about some people going abroad in search of work as the country has lots of young talent.
in the coming days, india is going to get younger.
we need to focus on this aspect while thinking about our development journey, the prime minister said.
jammu, dec 14 (pti), 2014 20:06 istaccusing pakistan of working on its unfinished agenda to separate jammu and kashmir from india, bjp today said it is anti-separatists and will not give any concession to such forces.
pakistan is working on its unfinished agenda of separating the state of jammu and kashmir from india.
the anti-india agenda of pakistan is to work against indian interest and they are still working on this agenda to separate the state of j&k from india, senior bjp leader and union finance minister arunjaitley said.
while addressing party's vision seminar here, he said that bjp wants to bring nationalistic mainstream political parties in j&k.
there is no concession for the separatist forces in kashmir, but we will work for the welfare of the common people in the valley as well.
bjp will work for the welfare of the common people of kashmir and we always will be anti-separatists, he said.
jaitley said that bjp is committed to provide secure and safe environment to the people of the state.
humanity does not demand that terrorists kill innocent people, harass them, it does not demand death of the innocent citizens in the hands of police and security forces in anti-terrorist operations.
we are committed to ensure security of the common citizens, he said.
the residents of jammu, leh and ladakh feel that they are discriminated, they are told to tolerate this discrimination as they are nationalist, he said.
you are nationalist so you are expected to suffer, he said while referring to the distribution of resources, educational institutions and the division of assembly seats between the three regions.
jaitley said his party is committed to end the regional imbalance between the three regions of the state.
he said that bjp's mission 44 plus is aimed at ending the discrimination by empowering the people of the two neglected regions of the state.
this (black money) is not an issue which we are going to go soft on.
because, ultimately the target of any economy as it grows is to bring more and more resources into the system, he said at 'the india summit 2015' organised by the economist magazine.
we were reasonable enough to put people on notice and gave them a fair opportunity to bring them in.
.
.
i can only tell that those who disagree on black money issue, well we will agree to differ, he said.
jaitley said he had representations from people requesting him to go easy on domestic black money.
i must tell you with great sense of discomfort that i have delegations coming to me saying even on domestic black money please go easy, because this is at least adding to economic activity.
now no economy can indefinitely sustain an argument of this kind, he said.
the government has from july 1, 2015 enacted the blackmoney (undisclosed foreign income and assets) and imposition of tax act to deal with foreign black money.
the act provides for tax and penalty of 120 per cent and jail term of up to 10 years for holding undisclosed foreign assets.
it also provided a 90-day compliance window to escape the harsh punishment by declaring the assets and paying 60 per cent tax and penalty.
as far as dealing with domestic black money is concerned, the government has already introduced the benami transactions (prohibition) (amendment) bill, 2015, in the lok sabha and it is currently being scrutinised by the standing committee.
it provides for attachment and confiscation of benami properties and also fine with imprisonment.
jaitley said: india needs all its resources to come within the system.
ultimately the expansion of our banking system, the payments banks, other scheme which we are still considering the pipeline, will try and bring all these resources into the banking system.
the government has already issued two sets to frequently answered questions (faqs) to clarify doubts of stakeholders regarding the foreign black money law.
the 90-day compliance window to declare overseas wealth ends on september 30.
ashoka too in race for bjp chief's postbangalore, mar 8, 2013 dhns 0:36 istsangh leaders, party workers were unhappy with eshwarappawith k s eshwarappa quitting as the state bjp president ahead of the crucial assembly polls, the sangh parivar may push for a leader with a strong rss background to hold the reins of the party in the state.
sangh leaders in the state may exert pressure on the bjp central leadership to pick a leader who could motivate the party workers during the polls, which are likely to be held in may.
the party national general secretary arunjaitley is arriving in bangalore on friday evening to initiate the process of selecting the state president.
former chief minister d v sadananda gowda, mangalore mp nalin kumar kateel, dharwad mp pralhad joshi and deputy chief minister r ashoka are said to be in the race for the post.
though all these leaders have the sangh background, kateel and joshi are said to be closer to the influential rss leaders in the state.
gowda and ashoka have been lobbying hard to get the post.
gowda had even met the national leaders in delhi recently.
jaitely, bjp sources said, will elicit the opinion of the state leaders on who should be the new president.
he may also attend the state bjp core committee meeting and report the opinion of the state leaders to the national president rajnath singh, who may announce the name of new president.
the party insiders said the sangh leaders in the state were not happy with eshwarappas style of functioning.
they are of the view that he did little to revive the dented image of the party, whose government was rocked by a series of scams and scandals in the last five years.
loyal party workers had reportedly lodged complaints against eshwarappa and demanded that he should be removed from the post before the polls are announced.
eshwarappa, when contacted by deccan herald, said that he was supremely happy about his performance as the president.
after quitting, the responsibility would be much higher as strengthening the hands of the new president would be the responsibility of seniors like him, he added.
asked why he could not instil any discipline or take any action against those who rebelled against the party, he said, if i had taken stringent action, then the bjp would not have continued in power.
i took action when it was required, to send a strong message to the betrayers but treaded a cautious path when i had to.
asked whether he relinquished the post fearing the partys poor performance in the civic body polls and the ensuing assembly elections, eshwarappa said, i have no such fear.
nobody asked me to quit.
the party goes by one-man-one-post principle.
due to various reasons, i had to continue as the president despite being in the state cabinet.
new delhi, mar 1, 2016 (pti) 12:56 istan online petition against retirement tax has gone viral on social media with nearly 3,000 signups seeking urgent and immediate withdrawal of epf tax just a day after it was announced in the budget.
the petition was started by a finance professional from gurgaon, vaibhav aggarwal, and nearly 3,000 people have already supported his appeal to finance minister arunjaitley to immediately withdraw the decision to tax epf.
budget for 2016-17 seeks to impose a retirement tax at the time of final withdrawal on 60 per cent of contributions made after april 1, 2016, to epf and other schemes.
this is a draconian act and will be a killer blow to the already tax burdened salaried class which pays 30 per cent income tax and 30 per cent taxes in indirect form customs, excise, service tax etc, the petition said.
meanwhile, the government today said ppf will not be taxed on withdrawal and only the interest accrued on contributions to employee provident fund made after april 1 will be taxed while the principal will continue to remain tax exempt.
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said the proposal, is to tax the interest accrued on pf contributions made after april 1, 2016.
the principal amount will not be taxed and will continue to remain tax exempt on withdrawal.
what we have said is 40 per cent of the interest accrued on contributions made after april 1 will be tax exempt and its remaining 60 per cent will be taxed.
aggarwal in the petition, said that the money which is left after paying more direct/indirect taxes is saved into ppf/epf and used for retirement planning.
but, now even this corpus will be snatched away to a major extent.
commenting on the petition, preethi herman, country lead of change.org said, taxing a huge chunk of that fund will affect crores of people.
the fact that this change.org petition by vaibhav aggarwal is gathering so much support so rapidly is indicative of the deep unhappiness people are feeling about this move.
oppn parties join hands to target govt on black moneynew delhi, nov 25, 2014 (pti): 16:22 istthe first working day of parliament today saw the government being targeted over the issue of black money by opposition, which questioned what had been done so far to implement bjp's poll promise, evoking an assurance that it could be discussed.
both lok sabha and rajya witnessed uproar because of which the lower house was adjourned briefly.
100 days are over, where is the black money?
chanted members of trinamool congress, congress, rjd, samajwadi party and aap, who stormed the well of the lok sabha minutes after it assembled for the day.
today was the first working day of the winter session as both houses were adjourned yesterday after condoling the death of some sitting members.
in lok sabha, speaker sumitra mahajan went ahead with the zero hour unmindful of the slogan-shouting by the opposition members who chanted bring back black money.
the members said the government had promised to get back the black money stashed abroad within 100 days of coming to power but had failed to do so.
mahajan pleaded with the agitating members to go back to their seats, even assuring them that she would try for an early debate on the issue in consultation with various political parties.
but, her pleas went unheeded.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said the government had nothing to hide and was ready to discuss the issue.
he said the government has done a lot in the last six months on the black money issue.
the rajya sabha also saw uproarious scenes over the issue, with members from jd-u, samajwadi party and tmc on their feet when the house assembled for the day.
they kept shouting slogans and waving papers attacking the government on the black money issue.
derek o'brien (tmc) raised the issue after lunch saying, the government has made some assurances outside the house on bringing back black money.
but no black money has come.
.
.
there was a lot of hope on this issue, but the government is not delivering.
there has to be some structured discussion on this issue.
this is not about one or two political parties but all the parties.
in the lok sabha, kalyan banerjee (trinamool congress), who led the protest shouted, we want black money back and not just discussion.
he made the remark when the speaker observed that they were not interested in a discussion.
leader of the congress in the house mallikarjun kharge demanded an apology from the government, saying the bjp leaders, including narendra modi, defamed the upa government over the black money issue in the lok sabha poll campaign and had promised to bring it back in 100 days.
naidu hit back alleging that most of the black money went abroad during congress rule in the last 50 years.
no black money has gone out during our time, he said.
he also criticised the prime minister when he has gone abroad.
modi is in nepal to attend the saarc summit.
earlier, as soon as the house met for the day, members from trinamool congress rushed to the well holding black umbrellas with slogans like 'bring back black money' painted on them.
they were soon joined by members from congress, rjd, aap and samajwadi party who also raised slogans demanding a response from prime minister narendra modi as to when the black money will be brought back.
the speaker warned the members against displaying umbrellas and said they should desist from using such tactics to show their protest.
kharge said his party has given a notice for suspension of question hour.
but speaker said it was against the rules though she was willing to accommodate a debate on black money under other rules.
sp supremo mulayam singh yadav, who was sitting next to congress chief sonia gandhi, tried to speak on the issue but could not be heard amid din.
amid uproar, the house took up two questions during question hour but the reply was not audible in the din.
the speaker then adjourned the house for 40 minutes till noon.
the issue figured again when the house reassembled for zero hour.
new delhi, jan 20, 2015, dhns: 2:31 istthe bharatiya janata party (bjp) on monday announced that former ips officer kiran bedi will be the partys chief ministerial candidate in the february 7 delhi assembly polls.
after about a three-hour long back-to-back meeting of the bjps central election committee and parliamentary board which started at 7 pm, the party top brass unanimously decided to put its might behind the former team anna member.
the decision marks a major shift in the partys election strategy, as bedi is perhaps the only outsider who within fours days of induction into the bjp was declared the partys chief ministerial candidate.
bedi was intimated about the decision while she was on a roadshow around rohini area.
after the announcement, bedi said she was grateful to prime minister narendra modi and party president amit shah for showing faith in her.
after the two meetings, which were attended by modi and other senior leaders, including cabinet ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley , shah told reporters that bedi would be the partys chief ministerial candidate and would contest from the bjps traditional seat of krishna nagar in east delhi.
in the backdrop of a kejriwal vs bedi direct contest, shah stated that she was a well-known figure and a crusader against corruption and crime.
the list of candidates for the assembly polls was also cleared by the partys election committee, leaving seats for ally the shiromani akali dal.
shah said the safe seat was given to bedi so that she can devote time for campaigning for other candidates.
bedis projection, argued shah, will fulfil peoples expectations about their future leader and help the party return to power in delhi.
the party lost the 1998 assembly polls to the congress and never returned to power in the national capital owing to leadership crisis and intense internal fighting.
shah also read out bedis qualification to send a message to educated voters that she is equally, if not more, qualified than aam aadmi party leader arvind kejriwal.
on a question about east delhi mp manoj tiwari openly expressing reservation on bedis projection, shah denied that there were differences over choosing bedi as the chief ministerial candidate.
to quell dissidence in the party which is hurting polls prospects, home minister rajnath singh has been tasked to reach out to such leaders.
since entering the bjp on friday, bedi has not hid her ambitions of leading the party in the assembly elections which did not go down well with her party colleagues.
bill in ls to make holding of scrapped notes punishablenew delhi, feb 3, 2017 (pti) 15:02 istgovernment today introduced in lok sabha a bill that provides for holding, transfer and receiving of old rs 500 and rs 1000 currency notes a criminal offence, punishable with a minimum fine of rs 10,000.
the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, which seeks to end the liability of rbi and the government on the currency notes demonetised in november last, was introduced by finance minister arunjaitley amid stiff opposition by trinamool congress, which called it illegal and anti-national.
once passed by parliament, the bill will replace an ordinance promulgated on december 30 last which provides for a fine of rs 10,000 or five times the cash held, whichever is higher, on holding of more than 10 banned 1,000 and 500 rupee notes.
the bill states that the government took the demonetisation decision on the recommendations of the rbi's central board to eliminate unaccounted money and fake currency notes from the financial system.
apart from aiming at ceasing the liability on old notes, the bill also provides that an indian citizen, who was outside the country between november 9 and december 30, will be entitled to tender the demonetised noted within the grace period under rules provided by the rbi.
it also prohibits the holding, transferring or receiving of these notes from december 31, 2016.
it also seeks to impose penalty for contravention of the ordinance, which it will replace, and to confer power upon the court of a first class magistrate to impose penalty.
the ordinance provided for amending the reserve bank of india (rbi) act, 1934 to provide legislative support for extinguishing the central bank and government's liability on the demonetised banknotes that are not returned.
the main objectives of the ordinance are to provide clarity and finality to the liability of the rbi and the government of india for the specified bank notes (of 1,000 and 500); to provide an opportunity to those persons who were unable to deposit the sbns within the time provided; and to declare holding, transferring or receiving sbns as illegal, with provisions for penalty for contravention of any of the provisions of the ordinance, it said.
those keeping the junked notes for study, research or numismatics purposes would be exempt from penalty provided they hold not more than 25 number of such notes irrespective of the denomination.
introduction of the bill was opposed by trinamool congress leader saugata roy, triggering a banter between him and arunjaitley who questioned the ground on which roy was opposing the move.
roy then took a jibe at arunjaitley , saying the minister was not aware of the lok sabha rules as he was never its member.
jaitley is a member of the rajya sabha.
the jibe evoked strong objections from the treasury benches with parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar saying the finance minister is an esteemed member of the cabinet and adjudged outstanding parliamentarian.
allowed by speaker sumitra mahajan to express his objection, roy said the bill is illegal as the demonetisation statement made by prime minister narendra modi was without any notification and it should have come from the rbi as it is the central bank which promises to pay the bearer of a currency note its real value.
it is outside the minister's legislative competence.
it (bill) is anti-national.
.
.
having never been a member of this house, he does not understand its rules, he said.
jaitley said roy was incorrect in several aspects and cited the law under which the demonetisation notification was introduced to asset that the due process was followed.
he then took a counter dig at roy, saying it will add to his parliamentary experience as now he is getting to learn.
the issue of demonetisation had virtually washed out the winter session.
state not to denotify fruits, veggiesp m raghunandan, bengaluru, march 3, 2017, dhns 1:45 istcentre wants perishables dropped from apmc list as it 'helps' consumers, farmersthe state government has decided to adhere to its stand and not denotify fruits and vegetables from the karnataka agricultural produce marketing committee (regulation and development) act, despite the centre aggressively pushing for agri-market reforms.
as many as 21 fruits and eight vegetables, including apple, orange, banana, potato, onion and tomato, are notified under the kapmc act, 1966.
the act makes it mandatory for farmers to sell their produce only to the licensed merchants at the mandis of agricultural produce marketing committees (apmcs) by paying the commission and other charges.
denotification of fruits and vegetables, according to the centre, will put an end to a chain of commission agents between the farmers and the consumers, creating a win-win situation for both.
union finance minister arunjaitley made a strong pitch for the denotification and promoting contract farming in his 2017-18 budget presented recently.
but the karnataka government holds a different view.
we have no intention to denotify perishables (from the act).
even now the farmers are free to sell their produce directly to consumers anywhere, including apmc yards.
moreover, the government will not be in a position to intervene and provide justice to the farmers if the traders refuse to pay judicious price, additional secretary to co-operation department (apmc reforms) r manoj said.
as per the department of agriculture marketing, cost to the supply chain due to handling of fruits and vegetables at apmcs is only 6  of the total cost of the produce.
cost of supply chain include 5  commission and 1  hamali and other handling cost.
this cost will be significantly higher in unorganised sector due to involvement of middlemen at multiple levels.
interestingly, the ruling congress has refused to denotify perishables despite directions from the party vice president rahul gandhi to all the congress-ruled state governments in 2014.
instead, the karnataka government exempted levy of market fee on farmers (1.
5  on fruits and 1  on vegetables) and made a provision for retail sales at apmc yards.
chairman of food processing committee of federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries bharat shah said apmcs help farmers get competitive price to their produce due to the involvement of large number of traders.
besides, the farmers get necessary logistical support such as storage place at apmcs.
as far as consumers are concerned, prices of fruits and vegetables are normally the lowest at apmcs compared to other places, he added, opposing the move to denotify perishables.
the government in march introduced 'the undisclosed foreign income and assets (imposition of tax) bill, 2015' which provides for heavy penalty and stiff punishment of up to 10 years for stashing unaccounted funds abroad.
there will also be a window to help persons having such funds abroad to come clean by paying tax and penalty.
jaitley said the government has been taken steps to unearth black money stashed abroad.
there are large number of cases.
.
.
prosecutions against those offenders have been filed in last few months.
the assessment of hundreds of those cases have been completed.
with the international community including g-20 leaders taking various initiatives, it would become difficult for people to hide wealth within couple of years.
mathura, india, june 15, 2015 (reuters) 12:56 istindia's farm economy could contract this fiscal year for the first time in over a decade because of drought, threatening prime minister narendra modi's drive to lift millions in the countryside out of poverty and bolster his party's support.
roughly half of india's farmland lacks irrigation and relies on monsoon rain, but this year's rainfall is officially forecast to be only 88 percent of the long-term average and, for the first time in nearly three decades, farmers face a second straight year of drought or drought-like conditions.
that comes on top of a crash in commodity prices, unseasonable rain earlier this year and delayed sowing late last year because of scanty monsoon rain.
farmers are already reeling under heavy losses .
.
.
and now they don't have money to irrigate their fields or use an optimum level of inputs like fertiliser, said ashok gulati, an agricultural economist who formerly advised the government on crop support prices.
in the last official drought in 2009/10, the agricultural economy expanded about 1 percent.
but several private economists, including d.h. pai panandiker of think tank rpg foundation, said the challenges in this fiscal year from april could shrink output by as much as 4 percent, which would be the first contraction since 2002/03.
panandiker estimated that a 4 percent decline in farm output, which accounts for about 16 percent of asia's third-biggest economy, could shave 0.
6 to 0.
7 percentage point off the overall growth rate, all other things being equal.
such a decline could bring the overall growth rate down below the 7.
3 percent seen in fiscal 2014/15 and push more people in the countryside closer to penury.
the central bank is looking for 7.
6 percent growth this fiscal year, having just cut its forecast from 7.
8 percent.
monsoon rain has picked up after a delayed start but small-scale farmers are struggling.
my two children go to a private school, where i have to deposit 25,000 rupees ($391) every six months, said uday vir singh, a farmer in mathura, a semi-arid city in the northern state of uttar pradesh.
god forbid i may soon have to pull them out of school, he said, sitting under a tree where farmers had gathered to protest at delays in getting compensation for recent crop damage.
countryside crisisrural distress is bad news for the ruling bharatiya janata party, which wants to win elections in agrarian states such as bihar and west bengal that go to the polls over the coming year.
a good showing there is crucial to modi's efforts to take control of the federal parliament's upper house, most of whose members are indirectly elected by state legislatures.
modi's lack of a majority in that house has stalled reforms such as making it easier for companies to acquire land.
officials in the finance and farm ministries concede there is some cause for concern but say they have contingency plans.
they are ready to distribute late-sown, high-yielding seed varieties, provide interest-free loans and sell subsidised diesel to farmers for irrigation.
they review their plans every week.
economist gulati was sceptical.
slower agriculture growth or any contraction there could impede overall economic growth despite any robust rise in services or manufacturing, he said.
either way, economists said rural distress would not help modi's efforts to raise nearly 500 million people in the countryside out of poverty.
each percentage point growth in agriculture is two to three times more effective in reducing poverty than a similar rise in non-farm sectors, gulati said.
irtc, ircon, irfc to be listed on bourses: jaitleynew delhi, feb 1, 2017, (pti) 12:51 istgovernment will move ahead with the listing of railway psus -- irctc, ircon and irfc -- and come out with a procedure for a time-bound listing of cpses.
we will come out with procedure for a time-bound listing of cpses.
irtc, irfc, ircon to be listed.
listing of psus will ensure economies of scale, investment and decision of psus and create value for stock, he said.
jaitley said the government will continue to use the etf route for disinvestment of psus.
bjp's 2nd chief minister in 3 years for karnatakalast updated: 29 july, 2011bangalore, july 29 (ians) 8:01 istthe bharatiya janata party today selects its second chief minister for karnataka in three years to succeed b. s. yeddyurappa who is quitting over graft charges.
but the new chief minister will take charge only on july 31 as the 68-year-old yeddyurappa, a firm believer in astrology and rituals, will resign that day, a day after the end of the hindu calendar month of ashada, considered inauspicious for important decisions.
among the names in contention to become the state's 20th chief minister are d. v. sadananda gowda, former state bjp chief and now lok sabha member from udupi-chikmagalur, jagadish shettar, rural development minister, k.s. eshwarappa, state bjp president and h. n. ananth kumar, general secretary and bangalore south lok sabha member.
the election of the new leader of the bjp legislature party, which has 121 members including the speaker in the 225-strong assembly (with one nominated member), will take place in the presence of senior party leaders rajnath singh and arun jaitley.
also present will be former bjp president m. venkaiah naidu, a rajya sabha member from karnataka, and general secretary dharmendra pradhan, who is in charge of party affairs in the state.
yeddyurappa paved the way for smooth selection of his successor late thursday by announcing he will resign july 31, over 12 hours after the party parliamentary board told him to quit immediately following lokayutka n. santosh hegde seeking his trial for graft in the illegal mining scam.
the new chief minister will have less than two years in office as the term of the present assembly ends in may 2013.
the bjp came to power for the first time in karnataka in 2008 assembly polls winning 110 of the 224 elected seats.
it formed the government with bookanakere siddalingappa yeddyurappa as chief minister with the help of five independents.
yeddyurappa and several of his ministers have been mired in a host of controversies in the last three years.
yeddyurappa survived three rebellions against him.
but his attempt to hold on to power by dismissing lokayukta findings as repetition of old charges did not convince the party leadership which was constantly taunted by the congress and other parties for retaining yeddyurappa in spite of a slew of serious charges of corruption and wrongdoing against him and some of his senior ministerial colleagues.
focus is on not only on who will be the next bjp chief minister in karnataka.
it is also on the role the party will give to yeddyurappa to ensure the new regime will last the remaining 22 months of the present assembly's five-year term.
it is loud and clear from the data compiled by the reserve bank of india on the note ban and by the central statistical organisation on gross domestic product  the demonetisation exercise, ostensibly undertaken to wipe out black money, has been a disaster.
it resulted only in pain to millions of citizens without the promised gain to the economy or to the people, contrary to what we were told on november 8, 2016 and in the months since.
with almost 99  of the rs 15.
44 lakh crore in demonetised rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes returning to the banks, the governments expectation of a windfall of rs 4-5 lakh crore from the exercise has been dashed.
on the other hand, the cost to the economy is evident, not least from the sharp fall in gdp growth rate to 5.
7  in the first quarter of 2017-18, the slowest in prime minister narendra modis three years in office, and against 7.
9  in the same quarter of the previous fiscal.
true, the note ban could not have been the only reason for the gdp slowdown, but it made things worse for the economy with a back-breaking impact on india inc. job-oriented manufacturing barely expanded at 1.
2  in the first quarter of the current fiscal against a heady 10.
7  in the same period last year.
construction growth slipped a further 2  and mining remained buried in the negative zone.
the entire exercise has also resulted in the rbi almost halving its dividend to the government, which had budgeted it at around rs 58,000 crore.
so, when former finance minister p chidambaram puts the loss to the economy, due in great part to demonetisation, at rs 3 lakh crore, he is not exaggerating.
the problem is, the modi government continues to defend the indefensible, shifting arguments and goalposts.
lives were lost, trade and industry got a rude shock, millions lost jobs and livelihoods, but the modi government has nothing to say on the disaster it has caused.
for the bjp, winning the uttar pradesh election in the wake of demonetisation is the measure of its success.
finance minister arunjaitley has started arguing that confiscation of black money was not the objective of demonetisation, rather it was aimed at gathering data about unaccounted money to enable tax authorities to go after it.
then, how come the government pleaded before the supreme court that demonetisation would yield a rs 4-5 lakh crore windfall, which even the rbi blindly endorsed?
does it mean that every time a government wants to detect black money, it should impose a note ban?
should the whims and fancies of those in power be so callously imposed on 1.
3 billion people?
chennai, jun 17, 2015 (pti) 6:59 istrejecting allegations of vendetta levelled against him and the upa, former finance minister p chidambaram today demanded that the government should ensure that lalit modi returns to india to face the probe by enforcement directorate on various charges, including money laundering.
addressing a press conference, he said external affairs minister sushma swaraj's action in helping the tainted former ipl boss get travel documents from the uk was in violation of rules and a case of favouritism shown to someone she knew.
he also demanded as to who decided not to appeal against the delhi high court decision to restore the passport of modi last year as normally a reversing decision is always challenged in a higher court.
the congress leader wanted the government to release the letters exchanged between him as finance minister and the chancellor of exchequer george osborne in which he had urged for sending modi back to india since he was facing criminal charges here.
he said after the reply to his first letter, he had written a second letter couched in stronger words to osborne that modi was facing investigations in india, his passport has been revoked, he had no right to live in the uk and he should be sent back to india.
chidambaram raised the question if swaraj wanted to help modi as a humanitarian gesture as was being claimed why did she not write to the indian high commission and ask for the issue of indian travel documents to him instead of recommending issue of uk travel documents.
chidambaram demanded disclosure of file notings in the mea about who decided not to appeal against the high court order.
someone had taken the decision and i would like to know who took it.
when a division bench of the high court sets aside cancellation of lalit modi's passport, who took the decision not to file an appeal in the supreme court.
was ed at whose instance the passport was cancelled consulted in the matter.
furthermore, who took the decision to issue a fresh passport to lalit modi.
will the government make public file notings, he said.
the former minister said modi was an indian passport holder and his stay in london without visa was in violation of all rules and that was one of the grounds on which his return was demanded.
why did swaraj help him get a long term visa or a residency of britain when he was facing serious criminal charges in india, chidambaram said.
if it was a question of humanitarian ground, then why did she not stress on modi's return to india to face charges while helping him get travel documents, he said adding it was clearly a case of abuse of authority and violations of rules.
the charges under provisions of fema and money laundering act were serious criminal offences levelled against modi, he said.
on the charge of vendetta he said finance minister arun jaitley's reply yesterday that notices in 15 of the 16 cases against modi still stood spoke for itself.
asked why modi was not barred from leaving india in 2010, the former finance minister said, at that time there was no ban on his travel and that it was only a stage of inquiry.
why do you assume he will not return.
asked about the prime minister's silence, he referred to jaitley's reply yesterday that the whole government shared a collective responsibility for decisions taken by a minister and said, i assume that the prime minister takes responsibility as pm.
replying to other questions, chidambaram said on the basis of facts disclosed so far it was an abuse of authority and violation of rules.
to a question about the defence by bjp of swaraj after rss came out in her support, he said, it shows who is the master.
to a bjp charge that congress has raked up the issue because there are woman leaders, he said it was rubbish and told journalists not to lend dignity to such allegations by raising them.
74  rural households earn rs 5,000 per monthnew delhi, july 3, 2015, dhns: 1:32 istcensus data: state, central governments continue to be biggest employers in countrysidethe highest earning members of 74 per cent of rural households in the country do not earn more than rs 5,000 a month and 56 per cent of them do not have any land, a nationwide headcount of poor and enumeration of people belonging to different castes revealed.
the results of the socio-economic and caste census (secc) also revealed that manual casual labour was the main source of income for 51.
14 per cent of the rural households, while 30.
10 per cent depend on cultivation.
the secc was launched by the erstwhile congress-led united progressive alliance government.
it took four years to complete the nationwide headcount.
finance minister arunjaitley and rural development minister chaudhary birender singh on friday formally released the findings of the secc.
of the total 17.
91 crore households in villages across the country, the highest earning members of over 13.
34 crore earn up to rs 5,000 every month.
the highest earning members of 3.
07crore (17.
18 per cent) households earn between rs 5,000 and rs 10,000 every month, while those in 1.
48 crore (8.
29 per cent) have monthly income above rs 10,000.
the secc revealed that income level was particularly low in rural households belonging to scheduled castes and scheduled tribes categories.
of the 3.
30 crore households belonging to people of scheduled castes, the highest earning members of 2.
76 crore have income up to rs 5,000 every month.
the highest earning members of 38.
74 lakh households earn between rs 5,000 and rs 10,000 every month, while those in 15.
50 lakh have monthly income above rs 10,000.
similarly, of the 1.
96 crore households belonging to people of scheduled tribes, the highest earning members of 1.
70 have income up to rs 5,000 every month.
the highest earning members of 17.
48 lakh households earn between rs 5,000 and rs 10,000 every month, while those in 8.
80 lakhs have monthly income above rs 10,000.
the secc results revealed that the centre and state governments continue to be the biggest employer in rural areas in the country, with the role of job companies as job-providers still being minimal.
altogether 1.
73 crore households (9.
68 per cent) have members with salaried jobs.
of them, 89.
89 lakhs have members employed by governments, while 20.
11 lakhs and 64.
07 lakhs have members engaged in public and private sector jobs respectively.
only 7.
83 crore (44 per cent) of altogether 17.
91 crore rural households own land.
irrigation for two crops is assured in only 37 per cent of land, with un-irrigated land amounting to 56 per cent of the total land owned by rural households.
budget cut hits secret nuclear submarine base on east coastkalyan ray, new delhi: march 30, 2015, dhns 1:04 istproject varsha, india's secret nuclear submarine base on the east coast, has received less than 15 per cent of its approved budget in the current fiscal, adversely affecting its development.
being constructed at rambilli, near vishakhapatnam, the base received a meagre rs 26 crore in 2014-15 as against the budgetary allocation of rs 197 crore, sources told deccan herald.
the government took away almost rs 13,000 crore from the defence ministry's budge in the current fiscal.
this closely-guarded naval facility is one of the projects that faced the consequences.
finance minister arunjaitley , who held the defence portfolio for a few months, has now made an allocation of rs 531 crore in the 2015-16 budget for the submarine pen, which may be named ins varsha, when commissioned.
china has a similar base in the hainan islands.
the slashing of the budget, however, has made navy officials apprehensive about timely completion of the strategic project.
though the base's construction began in 2009, the first major cash flow took place in 2011, when the navy received almost rs 160 crore, out of which rs 58 crore was meant for civil construction and the rest for the communication system of the base.
since then, project varsha was getting a steady supply of fundsit had received rs 547 crore in 2013-14before it was struck by cash shortage.
india operates two nuclear-powered submarinesthe russian origin ins chakra and the indigenous ins arihant.
while two more indigenous nuclear-powered and ballistic-missile-tipped submarines are under construction, new delhi and moscow are negotiating for a second russian nuclear submarine.
ins varsha would be accompanied by a weapon storage facility called missile technical positions (mtp).
it was also impacted by the budget cut, but to a lesser extent as the budgetary estimate of rs 237 crore was reduced by rs 100 crore.
jaitley has now promised rs 137 crore for the mtp, which reduces the operational turnaround time in wartime situations.
the finance crunch comes at a time when china is increasingly flexing its military muscle in the indian ocean.
after india's outrage over chinese conventional submarines being refuelled in sri lanka, china's people's liberation army navy is now increasingly instructing its nuclear-powered submarines in the indian ocean to avoid surfacing at all, said a navy officer.
india has readied a brand new very-low-frequency transmitting station on the tamil nadu coast, and installed an ultra-high-frequency transponder on its military satellite gsat-7 for talking to submarines underwater.
new delhi, dec 24 , 2015, pti: 15:14 istbjp veterans l k advani, murli manohar joshi, shanta kumar and yashwant sinha, who had virtually revolted after bihar poll debacle, today met here to discuss the suspension of mp kirti azad and issues related to party leadership.
unlike their last meeting on november 10 when they had issued a scathing statement against the party leadership, there was no immediate public comment this time round with sources close to them saying that they will raise their issues at an opportune time and forum.
asked if the issue of suspension of azad from bjp after he attacked finance minister arunjaitley over alleged corruption in delhi cricket body came up for discussion, a veteran said, it should be obvious, considering the background of the meeting.
he, however, declined to divulge any details.
advani, kumar and sinha drove down to joshi's residence at around noon and were in a huddle for close to an hour.
we met.
we had tea, kumar said as he left after the meeting, declining to elaborate.
azad had sought intervention of the 'margdarshak mandal', comprising advani, joshi, atal bihari vajpayee, prime minister narendra modi and home minister rajnath singh, which was formed by bjp president amit shah after he took over the party reins.
it has never met since its formation and was criticised as a move to sideline advani and joshi.
sources close to the veterans said they were also not happy with the party's response to their concerns.
an impression was given by the leadership that they were reaching out to them but in reality nothing concrete has happened, they said.
the four leaders had launched a sharp attack on the leadership on diwali eve, saying bjp had been emasculated in one year and demanded accountability for its massive loss in the bihar elections.
senior party leaders, including arunjaitley and home minister rajnath singh, had met advani later.
bjp general secretary ram madhav had subsequently said the matter was a closed chapter, suggesting that the party had reached out to them to address their issues.
cracking the whip yesterday, bjp suspended azad, who has been leading a campaign against arunjaitley on alleged corruption in ddca, charging him with anti-party activities and accusing him of colluding with congress and aap to bring it into disrepute.
the action of the bjp parliamentary board to suspend him from the party's primary membership with immediate effect came three days after his press conference attacking arunjaitley and subsequent acts of defiance both inside and outside parliament.
govt forced to redo riots billlast updated: 10 september, 2011deepak k upreti, new delhi, sept 10, dhns: 9:27 istdraft bill divides citizens, says bjpthe national integration council (nic) meeting on saturday witnessed strong resistance to the official draft legislation proposed to check communal violence, pushing the government to re-work the bill before it is introduced in parliament.
the communal and targeted violence (justice and reparation) draft bill caused a wide split in the nic, with the trinamul congress, a upa ally, and the main opposition bjp joining hands to oppose the piece of legislation crafted in the national advisory council (nac) headed by congress president sonia gandhi.
the draft bill has imprints of the civil society represented by likes of rti activist aruna roy.
dismissing the draft bill, the bjp said it was not secular and divided the citizens into minority and majority.
the congress and its other allies backed the bill as prepared by the nac.
along with the congress, the left parties are favouring a strong communal violence bill.
the bsp is, however, yet to articulate its stand on the issue as it is yet to receive a copy of the draft.
most of the states opposing the draft bill suspect that it would impact their autonomy.
they said it may increase communal divide rather than bridging it.
the trinamul congress, represented in the nic by west bengal finance minister amit mitra, opposed the bill in its current form.
mitra did not elaborate on the key changes his party wanted in it before it could be brought before the parliament.
the draft bill defines riots as that which destroys nation's secular fabric, and seeks to protect religious minorities, schedule castes and schedule tribes during communal violence.
the bill also gives the centre overriding power to intervene in riot-affected states and proposes to create authorities at centre as well as the state level to cope with riots.
it proposes witness protection during investigation and trial.
some of the main objectives of the 147-member nic include combating communalism, casteism, regionalism, linguism and parochialism.
the nic, reconstituted in april, is meeting after 2008.
presided over by prime minister manmohan singh, the meeting sized up the security situation in the country following wednesdays bomb blasts in the national capital.
the bjp disagreed with the very concept of the bill.
leader of opposition in the lok sabha sushma swaraj said the criterion of majority and minority is not clear as there are regions in the country where different communities  sikhs, muslims and christians are in majority.
we have opposed the communal violence bill.
this bill is dangerous.
it does not look at an individual as a citizen of the country, rather it looks at them as a member of a minority or majority community.
the bill also takes away the law and order privilege from the state government and brings it under the purview of the central government, said swaraj.
the biju-janata dal too objected to the bill.
karnataka chief minister sadanand gowda and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan, both belonging to the bjp, also spoke against the bill, arguing that it was against the concept of state autonomy.
leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arunjaitley said that the bill will divide people on basis of religion.
the communal violence bill violates the constitution and is anti-federal.
the bill will lead to disintegration and its a non secular draft.
it denies equality of citizenship by dividing people on basis of religion, said jaitley.
aap rebel leader kumar vishwas on monday apologised to finance minister arunjaitley for levelling allegations against him in connection with the functioning of delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
however, he once again trained guns at his party chief arvind kejriwal calling him a coward and liar.
the delhi high court accepted the apology tendered by vishwas after justice rajiv sahai endlaw went through the letter submitted by the dissident leader in the court saying he has unequivocally withdrawn all the allegations levelled against the senior bjp leader.
apology has been accepted by the plaintiff and this court and decree is passed in favour of arunjaitley and against kumar vishwas in terms of letter handed over today (monday), the high court said.
in his letter to arunjaitley , the disgruntled aap leader said he made these allegations on the basis of kejriwal's assertions, which were endorsed by other leaders also.
he also claimed he and others were swayed away by kejriwal's claims.
he described the chief minister a coward and liar.
kejriwal and four other aap leaders  raghav chadha, sanjay singh, ashutosh and deepak bajpai  had last month tendered an unequivocal apology to arunjaitley in the rs 10 crore defamation suit filed against them by the union minister.
however, vishwas had not joined these leaders then.
no communal tension in wb, says mamata, woos investorskolkata, jan 8, 2016 (pti) 16:48 istwooing investors, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee today said there is no communal tension in the state, in comments that came barely days after the communal violence in malda.
with the state assembly elections round the corner, the trinamool congress chief also assured industry captains that her party will not come in the way of investment in the state, claiming her government will retain power.
we have already set up a core group for industries.
our elections are coming but don't worry everything will be sorted out.
democracy will continue.
this elected government (tmc government) will come up ( will return), banerjee said addressing the third edition of bengal global business summit here.
claiming that a peaceful atmosphere prevailed in west bengal, she said it was the most conducive aspect for setting up industries.
only political critics try to portray bengal as a violent state, she said.
bengal is a peaceful state where we all work together.
there is no such communal incident or tension.
somebody might criticize it politically.
we don't allow all these (communal problems).
because we know that if there is peace everything is settled, banerjee said.
she also referred to the peaceful atmosphere at the maoist hotbed of jangalmahal.
her comments came against the backdrop of the communal violence that broke out at kaliachak in malda, which had prompted the union home ministry to seek a report from the state government.
banerjee said availability of land won't be a problem in bengal as the state government has a land policy and a land bank.
some people are saying that there has been no investment.
it is not true.
the projects worth rs 94,000 crore investment have already taken off.
some of the projects we had signed had already started, banerjee said.
if you are not in a position to attract that, then investments will dry up, he warned.
opposition parties like cpi-m, congress and bjp had yesterday termed the event as a drama and said it will complete the process of de-industrialisation in bengal.
govt embarrassed in ls, oppn forces deferment of budget debatenew delhi, mar 13, 2015, (pti) 15:10 istgovernment today suffered yet another embarassment in parliament with a united opposition forcing deferment of discussion on budget in lok sabha till monday over the absence of finance minister arun jaitley.
the house was to take up the discussion at noon according to listed business.
however, as soon as minister of state for finance jayant singh started speaking, congress members stormed into the well, saying the debate should not be taken up today as arunjaitley was not present in the house.
congress members, led by their leader mallikarjun kharge, insisted that the debate on such an important subject could not be initiated in the absence of the finance minister.
congress president sonia gandhi was seen asking party mps to oppose the government's contention that the debate should be allowed to start.
amid the uproar, the house was adjourned for 15 minutes.
when it re-assembled, arguments and counter-arguments took place for more than an hour.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said arunjaitley has gone to london for the unveiling of a statue of mahatma gandhi on the uk government's invite and if congress members do not want to speak on budget till he returns, members of other parties could speak today.
speaker sumitra mahajan endorsed his proposal while ruling that presence of finance minister was not so critical as minister of state for finance was as good.
however, other opposition parties like trinamool congress and bjd joined ranks with congress and refused to speak.
at this, naidu said if the members do not want to speak, the speaker could adjourn the house till 2.
30 and take up other business.
the speaker did accordingly, as a result of which the debate was deferred till monday.
only a few days back, the government had suffered an embarassment in rajya sabha when an opposition amendment over the issue of blackmoney and corruption to the motion of thanks to the president's address was passed.
the nda lacks numbers in the upper house.
the centre last week announced its recapitalisation plan for the public sector banks in india.
having allocated rs 2.
11 lakh crore earlier for their revival, it now said that the entire plan will be front-loaded, meaning the government will offload a major part of the money sooner than postponing it for a longer period of time.
it said the amount will be given before the financial year 2017-18 comes to an end on march 31.
in a music to the ears of investors and rating agencies, finance minister arunjaitley made it clear that the allocation will be cash-neutral and hence will not impact the fiscal deficit.
a wise step since the finance minister is going to present the union budget in a few days from now when the world will watch on whether he breaches the sacrosanct fiscal deficit numbers or keeps them intact as promised.
of course, a little relaxation is permitted in view of the bold structural economic reforms that india has undertaken in the past year or so.
what is cash neutral?
cash neutral will essentially mean that the government will take money from the banks by issuing bonds and will use the same money to invest in the equity of those banks.
in the process there will be no cash outgo for the government.
the immediate reward the international rating agency fitch, which has a negative outlook on indian banks, said it may revise the outlook on indian banks this year to stable once the government begins infusing the funds.
moody's, which has recently upgraded india's credit rating, said the recapitalisation plan is credit positive for banks as well.
to an extent it serves the immediate goal of the government.
the budget will sail through without any major criticism from the onlookers.
prime minister narendra modi had recently said that our policy framework should be in accordance with the global standards.
the globe will certainly the sheer size of recapitalisation.
it will strengthen the balance sheets of state-owned banks and help them reduce bad loans.
besides, he said that the banks will need to have a minimum 10  exposure for consortium loans, so on and so forth.
surveillance on whom?
but, a close look at banks' bad loans suggests that a meagre 2  of entire bad loan of public sector lenders comes from retail loans or those taken for home, vehicles or other consumer items.
even those taken against fixed deposits or credit card.
it is this loan which is decided by the bankers.
apart from this, a majority of nearly 20  bad loans or non-performing assets enter the banking system through lending to corporates.
strangely, on these corporate loans the banks have hardly any say.
the highest of bank officials usually does not decide on the big corporate loans.
the request comes from the government or at least till recently it came only from the government.
so, whom does the finance minister want to keep under close watch?
the bankers or the government of the day?
the official figures suggest that the retail loans that are decided by bankers are clean.
secondly, the finance minister also said that the recapitalisation will strictly mean those who perform will get money.
a break-up of rs 1 lakh crore allocated to the banks shows that 20 out of 21 psu banks got money.
not much weightage was given to their performance.
the third thing that the finance minister said on the day he announced a whopping rs 1 lakh crore allocation this fiscal was that unlike in earlier days, when industrialists used to take loans from 13-14 lenders, now there will be only 6-7 lenders.
this means that only large banks will be able to fund big loans so that the risk is also limited to a few of them in case of default.
at present, the case is not like that and more than half of the 21 psu banks are on the reserve bank of india's radar for a course correction.
the smaller banks can take up lending to small and medium sectors of the economy.
this will take care of both, the big businesses and the smaller ones.
but, the moot point is that the government of the day needs to discipline itself when it comes to calling the cmds of banks directly for certain lendings, which eventually turn npas.
prime minister narendra modi had, in the beginning of his tenure, said that his government would abstain from the practice.
this promise must reduce fresh npas.
new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns 0:48 istthe budget on wednesday pushed for agri-marketing reforms by urging states to de-notify fruits and vegetables from laws governing wholesale markets and to adopt contract farming practices.
despite stiff opposition from the state governments, finance minister arunjaitley made a strong pitch for a model law on contract farming to integrate fruits and vegetables growing farmers with agro-processing units for reduction of post-harvest losses.
he also announced expansion of electronic national agriculture market (e-nam) to cover 585 wholesale markets from the current 250 markets.
in order to exclude perishable commodities such as fruits and vegetables from the ambit of the agricultural produce market committee (apmc) act, the centre has been urging state governments to amend the act.
as many as 20 states have amended the apmc act, but only 12 have notified the amendments.
some states that have notified the amendments have excluded the key produce of the region from the ambit of the act.
for example, himachal pradesh has kept apple within the ambit of the apmc act, while excluding other fruits from the law.
the states believe that contract farming will benefit the corporate sector more than the farmers and so they have voiced opposition.
the centre will have to address these apprehensions before rolling out the model contract farming law.
8 indian officials may return from islamabadnov 03, 2016, new delhi, dhns 1:42 isteight officials of the high commission of india in pakistan may return, even as the neighbouring countrys government launched a media campaign against them.
sources here said the decision was taken after the details of the eight indian diplomats had been put in public domain in pakistan, compromising their security.
on wednesday, islamabad too started recalling its officials from new delhi.
at least six of them are likely to be withdrawn.
some have already returned to pakistan.
commercial counsellor syed furrukh habib and first secretaries khadim hussain, mudassir cheema and shahid iqbal are among the diplomats recalled by pakistan, sources said.
reports appearing in a section of media in pakistan indicated that two indian officials, rajesh kumar agnihotri and balbeer singh, had been involved in activities to destabilise the neighbouring country by facilitating and funding terrorism.
the media reports identified them as agents of research and analysis wing.
sources in new delhi said the pakistan government launched a similar media campaign against six other indian officials.
islamabads move came after six of its officials posted in the high commission of pakistan in new delhi were said to be involved in an espionage network, which was busted by the police last week.
new delhis tough stand on both ceasefire violations as well as export of terror from the neighbouring country was also clearly conveyed by finance minister arunjaitley , who told a tv news channel that india now had a new policy and pakistan will have to pay extremely severe cost if its actions resulted in killing of indians.
tension between the two nations escalated further as the pakistan army personnel and rangers continued to violate ceasefire along the line of control as well as the undisputed stretch of the border.
hours after prime minister narendra modi reviewed the situation in a high-level meeting, pakistans deputy high commissioner to india syed haider shah was summoned to the ministry of external affairs in new delhi.
india lodged a strong protest over ceasefire violations by soldiers of pakistan.
shah was summoned to meet gopal bagley, joint secretary (pakistan, afghanistan and iran) at the mea, who also conveyed new delhis strong protest on the mutilation of the body of mandeep singh, an indian soldier, by a terrorist who escaped across the loc after committing the heinous crime.
soon after world bank, one more global agency came in support of prime minister narendra modi-led government's economic reforms and gave a big applause to demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst), calling the move remarkable.
this time, it was a credit rating agency whose recognition is much sought after by governments, corporates and investors as it enhances their creditworthiness and makes borrowing money from abroad a lot more easier.
moody's investor's service, one of the three major global ratings agencies, upgraded india's sovereign credit rating notch higher than investment grade.
it put india in the baa2 investment grade from the earlier baa3, which is the last category of investment grade rating.
the outlook on the rating was also changed to 'stable' from 'positive'.
this is india's highest credit rating by moody's post liberalisation.
moody's said it believed that the reforms implemented to date by the modi government would advance the government's objective of improving the business climate, enhancing productivity, stimulating foreign and domestic investment, and ultimately fostering strong and sustainable growth.
a rating upgrade, which came after a gap of 13 years, elicited quick response from the government with ministers and senior government officials taking to twitter aggressively.
finance minister arunjaitley called a media conference within hours of the news break.
among other thing,s he sent across the message to the opposition, which has been criticising the government for disruptions in the economy due to note ban and gst implementation, to seriously introspect on their thinking.
in fact, it rained upgrade from moody's for banks, other financial institutions and the government-owned oil and gas companies.
moody's also changed its rating outlook to 'stable' from 'positive' as risks to india's credit profile ebbed.
jaitley said it was extremely encouraging that there was international recognition of the government reforms, which followed a roadmap.
the revision in ratings by moody's is a positive development and is a great enabling factor for indian financial markets.
simultaneously, the rating upgrade of sbi amongst others indicates that indian financial system remains resilient and robust and poised to support growth, rajnish kumar, chairman, sbi said.
over time, this will reduce borrowing costs of the government and financial institutions, and result in increased investor confidence in the india growth and reform story, he said.
it was around the same time last year that the government had criticised moody's methodology to rate countries, when the us-based rating agency did not upgrade india despite the prime minister unleashing a wave of reforms since taking over in 2014.
but it is inconsequential to discuss the past, when moody's has lifted india's mood this year.
the upgrade is significant as it came at a time when moody's had downgraded neighbouring china expressing concerns that the country's financial strength would erode in the coming year.
another global rating agency s&p too downgraded the dragon.
bigger issuesbut the bigger issue here is whether or not this upgrade would prompt india to go for bolder reforms, whether further rating upgrades by moody's would come easily to india's kitty and fast, whether other two prominent rating agencies  fitch and s&p  too would follow suit or whether rising crude oil prices globally and fledgling exports, soaring inflation and a bigger fiscal deficit will spoil the party midway.
global crude oil prices have been moving into an uncharted territory.
any upward move from $75 a barrel could exert pressure on the government's finances.
simmering tension between iran and saudi arabia could spike oil prices to a much higher limit and could send markets into chaos.
india, which imports 80  of its consumption, may be worst hit with larger economic ramifications.
another key indicator, which the rating agencies watch closely is the fiscal deficit of a country as they think a higher deficit exposes the country to various kinds of shocks.
india's fiscal deficit, according to an earlier roadmap, needed to go down to 3  in 2018-19 that is the next financial year from 3.
2  now.
but the finance minister on his most recent trip to singapore last week hinted at relaxing the fiscal consolidation roadmap, implying the target date to meet 3  could be delayed by a year or two in the wake of two big bang reforms  gst and demonetisation  slowing the economic growth.
now, this could have been the most disturbing news for moody's, whose upgrade decision came much before arunjaitley spoke his mind in singapore.
this is one indication, which may delay further upgrade by moody's and hold back s&p and fitch from doing so.
fitch and s&p, both rate india a notch below moody's, and s&p had only last month said that for an upgrade, india would have to address its weak fiscal balance sheet and weak fiscal performance.
any decision on fiscal deficit roadmap revision in india is expected to come as a part of the union budget on february 1, 2018.
till then fingers crossed.
for now, india has joined countries such as italy, philippines, spain, bulgaria, columbia and uruguay after the baa2 upgrade.
it must now strive to save its position and consolidate.
in the past, india has been downgraded from a2, a rating assigned to countries with low credit risk to baa3 which is just above the junk grade.
of various categories of investment grade, aaa is ranked the highest with a little risk.
aa1, aa2 and aa3 have very low credit risk and a1, a2 and a3 grade countries have low risk.
the baa1, baa2 and baa3 countries have moderate credit risk and below that is junk.
new delhi, dec 20, 2015 (pti) 21:36 isthitting back at delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal for making false and defamatory statements against him, union finance minister arunjaitley is slapping criminal and civil defamation cases against him and five other aap leaders in delhi courts tomorrow.
jaitley told pti tonight that he has instructed legal team in his personal capacity to institute civil defamation cases in the delhi high court and criminal defamation cases in the patiala house courts against kejriwal, kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh, raghav chadha and deepak bajpayee.
he accused them of issuing false and defamatory statements against him and his family members.
jaitley's action comes in the backdrop of attacks on him by kejriwal and other aap leaders over alleged irregularities and financial bunglings in delhi's cricket body, delhi and district cricket association, of which he was the president for about 13 years till 2013.
kejriwal and the five aap leaders have publicly been making allegations against arunjaitley with regard to the ddca affairs although some of the allegations have gone beyond that.
jaitley has also rubbished allegations against his family members, saying, i have no family member who has even one paise interest in any form of business.
why should my family be part of a sports management business?
jaitley has chosen not to give any legal notice to kejriwal and other aap leaders asking them to apologise or face defamation cases.
instead, the cases will be filed straightaway in the courts.
coming out strongly in his support, union minister ravi shankar prasad said, we are proud of the impeccable qualities of honesty, integrity and credibility of arun jaitley.
the transparency and credibility with which he has lived his public life all these years and his commitment to probity is too well known.
a defiant aap leader deepak bajpai said, we are not going to be bogged down by such intimadatory tactics.
we are privy of arun jaitley's history.
moreover after today's expose, whole country has come to know about the truth and we are committed to fight against corruption whatever it takes.
another leader ashutosh said,jaitley don't threaten us with defamation.
answer the questions we had asked?
you will take us to court, we will take you to people's court.
one-time short window for declaring assets abroad: rev secynew delhi, mar 3, 2015, (pti) 18:24 istthe government will give a one-time 'short window' to holders of blackmoney abroad to declare their wealth, pay taxes and penalty and escape prosecution under the proposed stringent law to deal with the menace.
insisting that it is neither an amnesty nor a vdis scheme, revenue secretary shaktikanta das said the only advantage under the scheme would be escape from prosecution.
the source of income would have to be declared which would be throughly scrutinised.
a one-time compliance window for a limited and short period of time will be given.
.
.
the duration of short period will be worked out, will be specified in due course of time, he told pti in an interview.
das was elaborating upon finance minister arun jaitley's budget proposal to come out with a stringent law to deal with the black money stashed abroad.
he however refused to fix a timeframe of the window.
asked if the window may be for six months or a year, he said, when i say short window, it means a short window.
earlier, minister of state for finance jayant sinha had said the failure to unveil assets abroad would invite a rigorous jail term of up to seven years, while concealment of income and tax evasion would result in 10-year imprisonment.
these provisions will be part of a bill that the government plans to bring in the current session of parliament to check the black money menace.
on whether the government would provide a six months window to people having assets abroad to come clean, das said nobody from government has said so.
.
.
people are speculating outside.
all i would say is that there will be a compliance window.
das further said that it would not be correct to call 'one-time short window' for disclosing overseas assets as any kind of amnesty or voluntary disclosure of income scheme (vdis).
let me say very clearly with lot of emphasis this is not an amnesty scheme.
this is not a vdis kind of scheme which was there 1997-98.
in amnesty scheme they (persons disclosing assets) just simply have to pay taxes.
here they will be required to pay the tax and pay the penalty and other charges.
the only relief they will get is that they will not be prosecuted.
.
.
they will have to explain source of money.
source can not be proceed of a crime.
asked about the imprisonment provision in the proposed law, das said concealment and/or non-disclosure of assets and income abroad will be liable to be punished by up to 10 year rigorous jail term.
non-filing of returns or incomplete returns will lead to 7 years rigorous imprisonment, he said.
asked what was the distinction between the two, he said the bill that will be brought in the current session will address all the issues.
please, wait for the bill, all your questions and doubts will be cleared in that, he said.
cong questions jaitley's blog post on herald casenew delhi, dec 12, 2015, dhns: 1:24 istthe congress on saturday questioned union finance minister arunjaitley over writing a blog on the national herald case, saying giving opinion amounts to influencing probe by income-tax sleuths.
the congress, however, seemed to be trying to wriggle out of its stand of disrupting parliament last week as former union minister kapil sibal said the party would restart printing the national herald newspaper, established in 1938 by the countrys first prime minister jawaharlal nehru.
your finance minister in his blogs and on facebook says this is an offence under the income tax act.
he is the finance minister of this country.
does he have the right to make statements like that?
he is giving a sort of indication to the i-t department that you send notice.
and what has stopping of parliament got to do with the case of national herald.
it is nothing to do with it, said sibal.
he wrote a piece (why the congress is wrong), saying the congress leadership, meaning party chief sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi, created a chakravyuh for themselves though a series of financial transactions and that they have acquired properties worth a huge amount without spending anything.
on allegations that shareholders like shanti bhushan and justice markandey katju were taken for a ride, he claimed the former supreme court judge had never applied to become a shareholder.
he, however, said the charges levelled against sonia and rahul gandhi by the bjp were without any substance.
there was no cheating in the national herald case.
young indian is a section 25 company that means no money can be shared with any of the shareholders.
nobody has lost any money or made any money in this, said the senior lawyer.
he termed comments of bjp chief ministers of maharashtra and haryana that they would favour cancellation of national herald properties leased to its holding companies as political vendetta.
new delhi, nov 1, 2015 (pti) 15:33 istturning tables on congress and left thinkers, finance minister arunjaitley today accused them of practising ideological intolerance towards the bjp and prime minister narendra modi and trying to project india as an intolerant society through structured and organised propaganda.
jaitley also appealed to every well-wisher of india and the present government not to make statements that could vitiate the atmosphere and obstruct growth.
while the government led by prime minister shri narendra modi is trying to accelerate india's growth, there are many who have never intellectually accepted the idea of the bjp being in power.
this obviously includes the congress, many left thinkers and activists.
over decades they have practiced ideological intolerance towards bjp, the minister said in a facebook post.
he further said that since 2002, the prime minister himself has been the worst victim of these ideological intolerance.
their strategy is twofold.
firstly, obstruct parliament and do not permit reforms which will bring credit to modi government.
secondly, create, by structured and organised propaganda, an environment that there is a social strife in india.
they wish to project india as an intolerant society.
their intolerance extends to not accepting an alternative ideological pole.
it was both unfortunate and condemnable.
the guilty will be taken to task.
notwithstanding such aberrations, the minister stressed india remains a highly tolerant and liberal society.
our cultural values have imbibed co-existence.
india has repeatedly rejected intolerance.
it does not respond to provocations.
it is, therefore, incumbent upon every well-wisher of india and the present government to make sure that no action or statement of his provides a tool in the hands of those who want to obstruct india's growth story.
the obstructers have a simple plan - if they can't fight politically, they fight with hostile propaganda, the minister said.
the government, he said, will wait for the outcome of court proceeding.
if there is a tax angle, then taxation authorities will ask questions for which there is a due process.
if anyone has an issue with tax authorities, they can go in for appeal, he added.
that action has so far not been taken.
ed has not issued any notice.
tax authorities have not passed any assessment order, he said at aaj tak agenda programme.
rejecting suggestions that there was bitterness to the extent of enmity between the government and the opposition, he said there is no enmity.
there are issues on which parliament functions is unanimous and on others it differs.
in this case, what step has the government of india taken for which parliament can be obstructed, asked.
what is the reason for obstructionism today.
that some private complaint is filed, a magistrate issues notice, you move the high court and high court grants you a stay.
after hearing, the high court dismisses it.
now you either go to trial court or you challenge it in supreme court.
government has not interfered in it, he said.
jaitley said the provocation for the congress to stall the parliament where the crucial gst bill is pending, was that the party leaders are not able to come out the 'chakravyu' they have created.
and their lawyers are not able to help them.
.
.
and finding themselves in difficulty, they are holding the democracy of the country to ransom, he said.
he said he would not like to comment on the issue that is under investigation.
there has been no notice issued from the government (to congress leaders).
no one has been summoned.
there is no file against anyone in the enforcement directorate.
stating that the congress has formed its argument on a wrong basis, he asked whether any of its leaders has ever received a letter from the ed.
but you (congress) presume and then repeat it again and again and start believing in it.
and start paralysing the country's democracy, he said, referring to the party stalling parliament alleging vendetta politics.
jaitley said a private individual filed a complaint in the court and the government is not party to it and they first got a stay and now that has been vacated.
you have lost.
whatever is the judicial process you do it now.
government has not stepped into it, he said.
asked about the congress charge that ed director rajan s katoch had been transfered out because he had given it a clean chit in the case, the minister said katoch was holding additional charge of ed besides being heavy industries secretary.
there was a need for a full-time person, he said.
he spent half a day in one office and half in the other.
so he went to his main assignment and another officer is officiating in ed.
he said neither the first officer nor the second had sent any letter to congress.
his transfer had no relation with the (national herald) case.
the new officer is the past four months has not issued any notice, he said.
ed, he said, comes into picture when there is a predicate offence, made profit out of it and are using profit of crime.
at one stage, ed felt the issue was with tax authorities.
when subramaniam swamy filed criminal case and summons issued, then they were told it is your jurisdiction now.
but the very next day high court granted stay.
that stay has been vacated only 4-5 days back.
ed will see what action is to be taken.
till now no action has been taken, he said.
asked about swami's tweet congratulating the government on removal of katoch, arunjaitley asked can parliament be paralysed based on one tweet.
is indian democracy so fragile.
gst council caps cess on demerit goods at 15 pcnew delhi, mar 16, 2017 (pti) 20:54 istthe panel at its last meeting approved the final draft of central gst (c-gst) and integrated gst (i-gst) laws.
file photoa maximum of 15 per cent cess on top of the peak gst rate of 28 per cent will be levied on luxury goods and aerated drinks after the gst council today approved a cap on cess along with supporting legislations.
the actual cess on demerit goods, which will help create a corpus for compensating states for any loss of revenue from gst implementation in the first five years, may be lower than the cap as the council has kept a little headroom for future exigencies, finance minister arunjaitley said.
giving an example, he said if a luxury car at present commands a total tax of 40 per cent, under the new indirect tax regime, a gst of 28 per cent plus 12 per cent cess would be levied to keep the tax incidence at the same level.
the 15 per cent cess cap would apply on luxury cars and aerated drinks.
on pan masala, the cess has been capped at 135 per cent ad valorem.
tobacco cess will be capped at a mixture of rs 4,170 per 1,000 sticks or ad valorem of 290 per cent.
cess on coal would be at rs 400 per ton.
no decision has been taken to levy cess on bidis as of now, an official said.
the panel at its last meeting approved the final draft of central gst (c-gst) and integrated gst (i-gst) laws.
the supporting s-gst and ut-gst legislations together with the gst compensation law will go to the cabinet for a formal nod before they are presented in parliament in the ongoing budget session that ends on april 12.
the government is hoping the c-gst, i-gst, ut-gst and the gst compensation laws will be approved in the current session of parliament and state legislatures will soon clear the s-gst bills so that the new indirect tax regime can be rolled out from july 1.
jaitley said the gst council will meet again on march 31 to approve rules after which fitting goods and services in the four-slab tax structure of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent will be taken up.
apart from tobacco, aerated drinks, luxury cars and environment cess, the gst council has kept the option open for levy of 15 per cent cess on all other supplies.
the cess would be levied for five years and can be continued longer.
the council has kept the option open for levying cess on any residual item as and when decided by the centre and states, the official said.
a cess of up to 15 per cent would be levied on those motor vehicles other than those used for transport of 10 or more persons, including the driver.
but the exact definition of luxury cars would be decided by the council at a later date.
the cess cap of 15 per cent has been mentioned in the compensation law and the effective tax rate that would be arrived at in the gst regime would not be higher than the present incidence on these goods as it might stoke inflation, the official added.
for the purposes of empowerment, we have kept the cap of 15 per cent for cess, even though we may end up imposing only 12 per cent.
the cap is ceiling, so we have kept a little headspace.
.
.
he said the four laws -- cgst, igst, utgst and compensation law -- as approved by the council will be taken to the cabinet and after its approval these would be introduced in the lok sabha.
we will try and do that expeditiously, he said.
sgst laws will be taken up by the state cabinets and the respective state assemblies for passage.
he said the five sets of already approved regulations might require marginal corrections in view of the legislations which have been finalised by the council.
the officers committee will circulate the set of nine regulations to the states by the next weekend.
the gst council will consider and approve those regulations in the next meeting on march 31.
karnataka signs mou with goi for machine tool parkfeb 14, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 12:38 istthe government of karnataka has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the government of india (goi) for setting up of tumkur machine tool park in vasanthnarasapura.
as per the mou, both the state government and the central government will be working jointly to develop the machine tool park through a special purpose vehicle, said industries minister r v deshpande.
the mou was signed at the make in india-karnataka conference here, organised by government of karnataka in association with department of industrial policy and promotion (dipp), government of india and confederation of indian industry (cii).
the two-day conference is aimed at re-energising the industry to create employment and boost the manufacturing sector of the state by attracting more investments.
the conference which witnessed participation from ministers and bureaucrats from both the centre and state government, was inaugurated by finance minister arunjaitley and karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah.
speaking on the occasion, arunjaitley thanked the chief minister and the state government for being the most active member in the gst council.
more than 2,500 delegates from india and abroad participated in the first day of the conference, with over 200 b2b meetings scheduled across different focus sectors.
the conference also witnessed five interactive sectorial sessions on aerospace and defence, biotechnology and pharmaceuticals, textiles, apparel and leather, and heavy engineering and machine tools.
govt proposes major overhaul of labour lawsnew delhi, june 25, 2015, (pti) 15:25 istin the biggest overhaul of labour laws, the government proposes to loosen strict hire-and-fire rules, make it tougher for workers to form unions as well as raise by three times the severance package to protect employee interest, labour minister bandaru dattatreya has said.
as part of plan to make it easier to do business in the country and create jobs, the labour ministry has drafted a bill to integrate three laws -- trade unions act, industrial disputes act and industrial employment (standing orders) act -- into a single code for industrial relations, the minister told pti in an interview here.
labour reforms are needed in the present context to make conducive environment for business to flourish and create harmonious atmosphere between industry and workers because our main purpose is that employability should be increased, he said.
labour laws, he said, need to be looked with a new perspective.
for that you need to have simplification and rationalisation of laws.
but that will not be at the cost of workers' interest.
workers' right will be protected.
but at the same time for increasing employability, ease of doing business in necessary, he said.
the draft allows companies hiring up to 300 workers to lay them off without seeking official sanction.
at present, industries hiring up to 100 workers are allowed to lay off without permission.
but to protect worker interest, the notice period for establishments to fire employees or shut down a unit has been proposed to be raised to three months from one month now, he said.
also, retrenched workers will be paid an average salary of 45 days, three times the current 15 day limit.
besides, a worker will be allowed to object to being laid off within three years, against no clear period specified in the law now.
dattatreya said that to take labour unions on board, tripartite consultations are on and the prime minister has formed a ministerial committee headed by finance minister arunjaitley to address issues raised by them.
the bill is not slated to come in the ensuing monsoon session of parliament next month as more consultations are needed, he said.
major trade unions, meanwhile, are unhappy with the proposals and have called for a day-long on september 2.
unions are also opposed to small factories bill which proposes to keep units employing less than 40 workers out of the purview of 14 labour laws including epf & mp act 1951, esi act 1948 and industrial dispute act 1947.
boundaries can't be rewritten: arunjaitley to pakistansrinagar, dec 3, 2014, (ians): 16:31 istfinance minister arunjaitley wednesday said pakistan should understand once and forever that boundaries between nations cannot be rewritten now.
those few who believe resorting to violence can result in secession of any part of a country of over 1.
25 billion people are badly mistaken, he added.
the minister said that jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india and no power on earth can change this fundamental reality.
yes, there are problems and we are ready to discuss and resolve them, he said.
jaitley said that he took charge as the defence minister when two youths were killed in chattergam area in army firing.
prime minister narendra modi asked me to immediately find out the reality.
i found out the truth and let me tell you, i became the first defence minister of the country to express regrets and apologise for the mistake on my twitter handle, he said.
within less than a month, those found responsible for the incident were identified and punished, he added.
we want permanent peace in the state and want jammu and kashmir to prosper.
.
.
he said jammu and kashmir, and especially the valley, has tremendous power to prosper as god has gifted this place to be called the paradise on earth.
he said the local craftsmen were very gifted were one of the most gifted in the world.
the minister also referred to former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee's statement a country's neighbour cannot be changed, but relations between nations can be improved.
he hailed the people for turning up in large numbers to vote in the assembly polls.
he said while the bharatiya janata party (bjp) is discussing and debating what should be the contours of legal and constitution relationship between the and the centre, the outcome of such a debate would not come in the way of centre's support and assistance to jammu and kashmir.
bjp parl board to decide on delhi cm candidatenew delhi, jan 18, 2015, pti: 14:27 istbjp has not taken any decision on its chief ministerial candidate for delhi, home minister rajnath singh today said amid speculation that former ips officer kiran bedi would be projected for the top post.
bedi, who joined the party on thursday, herself had also given a broad hint that she would be bjp's chief ministerial candidate.
so far there is no decision.
the parliamentary board will take a final call, singh told pti.
he was replying to a question on the possibility of bjp projecting someone as chief ministerial candidate.
the two-time bjp president said the party sometimes projects its chief ministerial candidate and sometimes not.
in case of delhi, the parliamentary party will take the final decision, he said.
elections to 70-member delhi assembly will be held on february 7.
the 12-member bjp parliamentary board include prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah, singh and finance minister arunjaitley besides others.
rotational policy runs its coursechennai, sep 15, 2012, pti : 21:43 istin a significant move, the bcci on saturday amended its constitution to do away with the zonal rotational policy for electing its president and allow a second term to office bearers subject to re-election.
the proposals were passed by more than three-fourth majority at a special general meeting here, virtually paving the way for some of the senior officials to occupy or retain key positions in the board.
the decision to do away with the zonal rotation policy means that east zone, whose turn it was to nominate a president after n srinivasan finished his tenure in september 2014 can nominate a suitable candidate from other zone if two state units from east propose that particular candidates name.
in the new scenario also there was a chance of a contest but bccis trends show that decisions are more or less unanimous.
the decision effectively means that decks are now cleared for senior bjp leader and leader of the opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley to take over as the bcci president from september 2014.
an eminent lawyer, jaitleys legal opinions have played an important role in bccis functioning and is seen as one of the most acceptable faces among the presidential candidates.
had the existing rule been in place, arunjaitley who represents ddca would have only been eligible in 2017 as it would be north zones turn then.
the decision to do away with zonal system is primarily due to the fact that two zones - namely east and central dont have candidates of suitable stature for the post.
there are virtually no names of significant stature after jagmohan dalmiya from the east.
the eastern units of bcci wouldnt have reached unanimity regarding their choice of candidate.
so, this was necessary as mr arunjaitley has the stature and also shares a fantastic rapport with units from east, a senior bcci official who is a part of the working committee told pti today.
the second decision to extend the tenure of office-bearers subject to re-election will give the likes of dalmiya, shashank manohar, srinivasan to get an additional tenure of three more years in the future.
this would also mean that the president whose term comes to an end in 2017 can be re-elected and remain president for six straight years if the northern units decide against nominating someone from a different zone.
under the existing bcci rules, no office bearer, barring the five vice-presidents, are allowed to recontest for the same post once they complete their three-year term.
according to insiders, this move will help the bcci protect its clout in the icc where the competent officials can help india maintain its status as a powerhouse of international cricket.
church attacks, nun rape law & order issue, not communal: jaitleynew delhi, apr 15, 2015, (pti) 20:53 istfinance minister arunjaitley has asserted that the recent attacks on churches and rape of a nun were not political or communal issues but law and order problems.
he said while the attacks on churches in delhi were cases of theft and drunken brawl, some bangladeshi muslims had allegedly raped the nun in west bengal.
now that most of these cases have been resolved, not a single case is of a majority community attack or of a political nature, he told ndtv.
the two cases which have been recalled in delhi (are) not a majority community attack.
.
.
one is a case of theft, one is a case of drunken brawl (where a) bottle (was thrown) at window pane (of a church).
the rape of the nun, which is most terrible thing to happen.
.
.
, we have arrested some bangladeshi muslims.
the west bengal police have arrested them.
he said that with arrests made in each of the cases, it turned out to be a law and order issue.
criminals come from bangladesh and rape nun.
.
.
, he said.
we have found that all these incidents were law and order problems.
not a single case was carried out by the majority community.
.
.
nor was it of political nature or communal.
gst bill for a poverty-free india: jaitleynew delhi, dec 15, 2015, dhns: 1:48 istfinance minister arunjaitley on tuesday urged the congress leadership to back the passage of the goods and services tax (gst) bill, as it will help the economy grow faster and eradicate poverty in the country.
without taking names of congress president sonia gandhi and her son rahul gandhi, arunjaitley also urged the congress to ponder over the history and legacy they wished to leave behind, saying: it has never happened since 1991.
not a single reform measure has eventually been stopped by indias parliament.
the finance minister maintained that the passage of the bill alone would help india achieve its real potential of 8-9 per cent gdp growth.
the world is looking at us to shoulder global growth at a time of crisis.
we should not send a message that our parliamentary democracy has become an obstruction to reform process, he added.
kharge to be on cic selection panelnew delhi, nov 3, 2014, pti: 20:35 istleader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge has been inducted into the three-member selection committee which will select the chief information commissioner.
as per file notings, prime minister narendra modi, who heads the panel, has nominated defence minister arunjaitley besides kharge to the committee.
the decision to include kharge has been taken on the advice of law ministry as there was lack of clarity on the leader of opposition in lok sabha.
the rti act requires that selection of the chief information commissioner be done by a three-member panel comprising the prime minister, who shall be the chairperson of the committee, leader of opposition in lok sabha and a cabinet minister to be nominated by the prime minister.
for the purposes of removal of doubts, it is hereby declared that where the leader of opposition in the house of the people has not been recognised as such, the leader of the single largest group in opposition of the government in the house of the people shall be deemed to be the leader of opposition, the act says.
the file notings accessed by activist commodore (retd) lokesh batra show that the lok sabha secretariat had conveyed to dopt on june 19, 2014, that as on date, there is no leader of opposition in lok sabha.
indian national congress with a strength of 44 mmbers is, however, the single largest party in opposition to the government in lok sabha.
as per the information received from the party, mallikarjun kharge is the leader of indian national congress in lok sabha which is the single largest party in opposition in lok sabha.
after receiving the response, dopt had referred the matter to law ministry seeking to know whether leader of single largest party can be treated as leader of single largest group in the lok sabha for the purpose of the rti act?
our answer to the query is in the affirmative.
we, however, clarify that this answer is only for the limited purpose of the rti act [explanation below section 12(3)] and not for any other purpose, the law ministry said in its advice to department of personnel and training.
the law ministry had also made it clear that the term single largest group in opposition, as mentioned in the rti act, is not defined either in the rti act, acts pertaining to functioning of mps and parliament and compilations of directions by the speaker of lok sabha.
it said it relied on the response of the lok sabha secretariat saying kharge was the leader of congress which was the single largest party in opposition.
the department of personnel and training (dopt), the nodal ministry for rti matters, has invited applications from the people in a given format before november 24.
according to the act, the chief information commissioner (cic) shall be a person of eminence in public life with wide knowledge and experience in law, science and technology, social service, management, journalism, mass-media or administration and governance.
all the cics appointed so far have been retired bureaucrats.
the position has been lying vacant after rajiv mathur, former chief of intelligence bureau, retired on august 22.
new delhi, dec 25, 2015, dhns 1:25 ist'hasn't country not lost out by delaying gst?
the standing committee mechanism which worked exceedingly well since 1993, has been weakened in the rajya sabha, by the house repeatedly appointing select committees, questioning the opinions of the standing committee.
if this tendency continues, a successful institution of standing committee could be hurt.
the government, therefore, has adopted an alternative option of a joint committee to consider the bankruptcy law.
there are other options being suggested, such as to pass legislation without a standing committee or drafting laws in a manner to fit them into the definition of money bills, he wrote.
he, however, said that passing legislation without standing committee and listing them as money bills were not preferred options.
the congress leadership must seriously explore that its disproportionate and irrational approach in dealing with parliament is hurting institutions.
has the country not lost out by delaying the gst since the last years budget session?
how far is it desirable to pass important legislations on the last day without discussion?
statistically, we have passed a law.
but has parliament applied its mind to the law?
, arunjaitley wondered.
govt approves sugarcane frp at rs 255/qtldh news service, new delhi, may 25 2017, 1:16 istdh file photothe union cabinet on wednesday approved fixing the fair and remunerative price (frp) of sugarcane at rs 255 per quintal for sugar season 2017-18.
the frp so approved shall be applicable for purchase of sugarcane from the farmers in the sugar season 2017-18, by the sugar millssugar mills situation has improved.
for 2017-18, sugarcane frp of rs 255 per quintal has been approved, which is 10.
the cane price is linked to a basic recovery rate of 9.
5 , subject to a premium of rs 2.
68 per quintal for every 0.
1   point increase in recovery above that level , an official statement said.
the frp is the minimum price that sugarcane farmers are legally guaranteed.
however, state governments are free to fix their own state advised price, and millers can offer any price above the frp.
addressing the centenary celebrations of patna university recently, prime minister narendra modi lamented that no indian university figures among even the top 500 in the world.
he urged universities to lay more emphasis on learning and innovation and give up old teaching methods that focused on cramming students minds with information.
he announced a grant of rs 10,000 crore to 20 universities to make them world-class.
it is a national shame that india, which contributes a significant share of students and faculty to the worlds leading universities, does not itself have any representation among the top-tier of global universities.
each time a reputed international agency releases its ranking of educational institutions, the general reaction is one of dismay at indian institutions not finding place in the list of top institutions of the world, or even in asia.
modis promise to fill this gap is not new.
he and his colleagues have been harping on the nations past glory as a centre of excellence in education and promising to re-invent that past.
in his last budget speech, finance minister arunjaitley had assured that, an enabling regulatory architecture would be provided to 10 public and 10 private institutions to emerge as world-class teaching and research institutions.
however, except offering limited autonomy to the iits and iims, not much has been done to improve the standard of higher education in india and to free them from bureaucratic and political control.
instead, the government has been working overtime to saffronise the management, curriculum and activities of universities through direct intervention as well as through regulatory institutions such as the university grants commission.
in an age when creating world-class universities has become an obsession among aspiring global powers, modi is simply playing to the gallery.
this is clear from the paltry sum of rs 10,000 crore he is offering to elevate 20 universities to world-class level.
according to times higher education, universities figuring in the top 200 list have, on average, an annual income of $751,139 per academic year, hires 20  of its staff from abroad and has a student body made up of 19  international students.
moreover, a university does not attain world class as soon as its buildings are built.
it takes decades, if not centuries, of intellectual pursuits, sustained academic rigour and research.
most importantly, universities, students and faculty need freedom of thought and expression to question a societys deepest and most sacred beliefs and ideas, to be even subversive and anti-national.
in an environment in which that freedom of thought and expression is being curtailed with the blessings or indifference of the ruling dispensation, no world-class university can ever come up.
in any budget, the planner must balance various aspects, such as revenue versus expenditure, and also make some trade-offs in both spending and collections that reflect value judgements and policy priorities.
that is one reason the union budget is such an anticipated event in the indian news cycle, as it is the one thing that gives us perhaps the clearest idea as to what the government of the day is thinking.
obviously, there are the basic ideas that permeate society that influence the budget  for example, that the rich need to be taxed more than the poor even on a percentage basis.
that idea takes the form of tax slabs that may be tinkered with, but nobody expects it to be turned on its head where the poor pay 30  and the rich pay 10 ; not only would that be antithetical to our values, but it would reduce government revenue, too.
however, there are nuances.
should long-term capital gains be tax-free?
why?
is it not the rich who invest in stocks, and shouldn't we soak them sufficiently there, too?
further, there is the expenditure side.
this is the perennial guns versus butter equation that readers of paul samuelson's iconic 'introductory economics' textbook would be so familiar with.
except, in the case of the government budget, the question is not so much the most efficient allocation, or the most equitable allocation, but rather it links back to the question of what ideology the government subscribes to.
should we be a welfare state, where we have certain expectations from the government in providing goods and services to the underserved?
or, should the government simply enforce property rights and let the market determine winners and losers?
that may theoretically be the most efficient way to allocate resources, but is that the fairest way?
this question, too, has been settled in india, with even the narendra modi government continuing the extravagances, albeit grudgingly, of the upa schemes of nrega, right to food, etc.
however, it does seem that this government, while sharing the overall ethos of indian political-economic thinking broadly with the upa, is stingier than the upa in doling out money to social causes.
one recent example is of finance minister arunjaitley rejecting a request from the health ministry for a 33  increase in its budget, initially only agreeing to 5  and then, upon representations, allowing for an 11  increase.
this small increase is alarming because india spends less than 2  of its gdp on health and, as correctly noted in the letter from the health minister to the finance minister, health expenditures are correctly viewed as investments in human capital that yield ten-fold returns.
should the finance minister then not worry less about rating agencies and more about investments in the people of india?
furthermore, this government seems more interested in pleasing rating agencies and businesses than in launching schemes like the plethora of schemes launched by upa-2.
it has improved the ranking in ease of doing business, pushed through reforms like the insolvency and bankruptcy code, opened up sectors for fdi, and implemented gst.
these are all worthy reforms.
persistent concernshowever, while greater reforms should lead to a higher growth trajectory in the long run, there are persistent concerns of jobless growth in the era of 'make in india' and persistent crises in employability and skilling of youth in the era of 'skill india'.
then there are, of course, political considerations on top of the purely economic that are illustrated above.
given the fact that this is the last full-year budget before the 2019 general election, and given that the ruling party was almost humbled by the opposition in gujarat, it seems likely that agriculture will get a greater push to alleviate agrarian and rural distress.
the proposal to double farmers' incomes by 2020 may get a boost in the forthcoming budget.
there are many other issues the finance minister must grapple with.
how to tackle rampant tax-avoidance and increase the tax base?
in the last budget, the finance minister announced a 5  income tax slab that would hopefully bring a lot more people into the fold.
however, this step is too little to tackle the gargantuan problem that only 2  of people pay taxes in india.
also, how much should corporations pay, given that we live in a globalised world where corporations readily register in tax-havens - legally - to avoid paying tax.
how do we plug that loophole?
is the government even interested in plugging that loophole?
in sum, if there is any deviation from the policies of the government from the last few years, it is likely that it will be with an eye on the 2019 general election.
perhaps a boost in government spending to spur the economy at the cost of the rating agencies' ire is coming our way; or perhaps not.
who can tell.
with a reformist government in power, the question to ask is, whether ideology will trump good politics and, some would say, good economics, or will it be vice versa.
rs 40,000-cr road projects on hybrid model by march: gadkarinew delhi, jan 28, 2016, dhns: 0:36 istunion minister nitin gadkari on thursday said the government will award projects worth more than rs 40,000 crore on the new hybrid model by march end and another 100 projects will be bid out next fiscal year.
we have already prepared 28 projects on hybrid model.
out of these, we will award four soon.
we will award projects worth over rs 40,000 crore by march, the minister said adding that for the next year the government will identify 100 projects on this hybrid model.
the ministers announcement comes a day after the cabinet approved hybrid annuity model for building roads to fast-track highway projects, revive the public-private-partnership mode and attract more investments in the sector.
the hybrid annuity which was approved on wednesday is expected to revive the interest of investors in the sector who were shying away from bidding road projects due to equity crunch and other issues.
under this model, the government will provide 40 per cent of the project cost to the developer to start work while the remaining investment has to be made by the developer.
the minister, who held a meeting with various stake holders of the highways projects here, also said the government is hopeful of resolving 19 stuck highway projects worth rs 40,000 crore.
in the meeting which was attended by finance minister arunjaitley and representatives of various banks and developers, gadkari said the government has already terminated 41 projects which were stuck for various reasons.
as many as 384 projects were stuck for the last 10 years due to various issues such as land acquisition, forest and environment clearances, litigations, and financial problems, he said adding that his government has terminated 41 projects and solved problems related to all these projects barring 19 projects.
the most of the stuck projects include key national highways in andhra pradesh, bihar, haryana, rajasthan, jharkhand, karnataka, madhya pradesh, maharashtra, odisha, tamil nadu, uttarakhand and west bengal.
will dbt work?
y uttam gupta, jan 26, 2017 1:25 istthe version of dbt being tried in pilot districts is flawed.
it will provide no proper assessment of the schemes effectiveness.
uttam guptaalluding to the direct benefit transfer (dbt) of fertiliser subsidy, in budget speech for 2016-17, finance minister arunjaitley had stated: we have already introduced dbt in lpg.
based on this successful experience, we propose to introduce dbt on pilot basis for fertiliser in a few districts in the country with a view to improving quality of service delivery to the farmers.
the focus on the dbt has its link to a revelation made in economic survey (2015-16).
it stated that 24  of the fertiliser subsidy is spent on inefficient producers, 41  is diverted to non-agricultural uses and 24  is consumed by larger  presumably  richer farmers.
this leaves a meagre 11  for poor/small and marginal farmers who alone should be the sole beneficiary as promised by prime minister narendra modi.
indeed, the survey had strongly advocated dbt of fertiliser subsidy to the bank accounts of beneficiaries using the jam (jan dhanaadhaar mobile) platform.
yet, all that we see is dbt on a pilot basis in 16 districts.
currently, it is in operation in two districts  krishna and west godavari in andhra pradesh.
for the remaining 14 districts, the centre plans to start work from december.
since by this time much of rabi sowing season is already over, effectively the pilots would begin from april 2017.
even so, running a pilot project by itself does not ensure that the scheme will actually be launched.
the proof of pudding is in eating.
for instance, in 2012-13, the upa  government had also announced a road-map for all-india launch of dbt in april 2014 preceded by trial runs.
but, the plan remained on paper.
there is no guarantee that the modi dispensation will make it happen.
ironically, even the pilot is wrongly conceived and is completely out of sync with the basics of dbt.
to get an idea, let us first look at how the existing system works.
the manufacturers sell fertilisers at a low price and claim excess of cost of supply over it as subsidy from the central government.
in the case of urea, the subsidy varies from unit to unit whereas for decontrolled complex fertilisers, it is uniform for all units.
to some 95  of subsidy to urea units (85  to complex manufacturers) , it is released on sale of material in each district.
the balance 5  to 15  is paid on confirmation of sales to farmers by the state governments.
under the dbt, subsidy goes to the bank account of beneficiary/farmer.
therefore, it cannot be routed through producers who need to sell fertilisers to farmer at full cost-based or market-based price.
this is how lpg subsidy is disbursed under pahal (pratyaksh hastantrit labh) scheme in vogue since jan 2015.
but, under the pilot for fertilisers, this principle has been thrown to the winds.
under this, the centre wont credit the subsidy in farmers bank account and he will continue to buy fertiliser at subsidised rate.
as soon as he purchases fertiliser, he will have to identify himself  using aadhaar number or kisan credit cards (kcc)  through a point-of-sale (pos) device placed with the retailer.
following this, a recommendation of his soil condition and fertiliser requirement will be generated, which he may or may not follow.
thereafter, the difference between the market rate and subsidised price will be credited into the bank account of the manufacturer.
initially, the subsidy will be paid weekly and then on a real-time basis as and when the system stabilises.
the pos devices will have to be purchased by the companies themselves.
this sort of architecture is not dbt.
any scheme which does not involve crediting subsidy directly in to beneficiarys account cannot be termed dbt.
what is being done is continuation of existing system (old wine in new bottle) with changes that will make life more miserable for manufacturers.
at present, they get 95 -85  of subsidy once the material reaches the district.
under the proposed dispensation, to get the entire subsidy amount released, they will have to wait till the product is sold to farmers.
this will aggravate their cash flow problems caused by under-provision in the budget year after year (for instance, during current year, there is shortfall of about rs 30,000 crore).
wrong movemoreover, subjecting manufacturers to controls (by ordering them to sell at low price as per governments diktat) and yet paying them subsidy on market based price is anomalous.
if, the intent is to move the producers towards a market driven price, then why not leave them free to sell at that price?
why ride piggyback on them for delivering subsidy to farmers?
will it achieve better targeting?
the answer is an emphatic no.
this is because fertiliser will continue to be available at low price to all farmers irrespective of whether he is rich or poor/small or large.
it wont prevent diversion either as biggest incentive to divert is its low price.
lured by much higher market price, traders can always find ways to sell subsidised fertilisers to chemical factories.
clearly, the version of dbt being tried in pilot districts is flawed.
it will provide no proper guidance in judging the effectiveness or otherwise of the scheme.
it wont be of any help in dealing with the maladies as pointed out in the economic survey.
a plausible reason as to why the government does not want to embrace dbt in its real form could be absence of data on millions of those farmers who do not own land but do farming.
this is a genuine concern and needs to be addressed on top priority by building their data base along with those of owner/cultivators.
but lack of such data cannot be an excuse for trying a flawed experiment.
yet, if the government is going ahead with it only reinforces a lurking suspicion that unlike lpg, it is not serious about embracing this revolutionary idea for delivering fertiliser subsidy.
finance minister arunjaitley touched wide segments of the indian economy in his february 1 union budget.
given that agriculture and allied sectors grew at only 1.
7  during the second quarter of 2017-18, showing a downward trend during the last four quarters, and the wide-spread farm distress across the nation, the finance minister has rightly focused on this sector.
while gdp growth has shown some recovery, agriculture growth (at basic prices) has fallen to less than 2 .
the number of farmers committing suicide, as per the national crime records bureau, remains high.
ironically, even when food production in the country is increasing, farmers are not able to get the fruits of their labour due to the much talked-about agriculture marketing problems and non-remunerative prices.
in this budget, the government has promised to give 1.
5 times the cost of cultivation as minimum support price (msp) to farmers and extended the support to all crops.
this provision can help farmers, provided they are able to market their products through this channel.
in reality, it is usually intermediary traders, not farmers, who are beneficiaries of the scheme.
to help small and marginal farmers, who constitute more than 80  of farmers in india, to get the direct benefits of marketing, facilities at the local levels - 22,000 rural haats will be upgraded to gramin agricultural markets (grams).
a corpus of rs 2,000 crore is allocated for improving marketing facilities at the local level.
the niti aayog is to take the initiative to formulate guidelines for the project's proper implementation.
a few issues arise in this context.
first, india has more than six lakh villages.
can the transformation of 22,000 gramin haats provide relief to distressed farmers across these six lakh villages?
second, will rs 2,000 crore be sufficient to make a significant change in farmers' condition?
third, agriculture being a state subject, the commitment of state governments will be required for the scheme's success.
the much bigger issue is the announcement of the msp of cost+50 .
the issue is, which cost will be considered?
would it be a2+fl or c2 cost as calculated by the commission for agricultural costs and prices (cacp)?
the former covers only the paid-out cost plus family labour whereas the latter covers not only the paid-out cost but also the imputed value of family labour as well as imputed value of owned land.
the swaminathan committee recommended the latter (raising msp 50  above the c2 cost).
given that the imputed value of owned land can be as high as rs 30,000 to 40,000 per acre in agriculturally advanced states like punjab and haryana, the base on which msp is calculated makes a substantial difference to the farmer.
the second major issue relates to the number of crops covered under msp.
the msp covers only food grains and oilseeds besides having a separate support price system for sugarcane, cotton, jute, etc.
even among the crops under the msp, the coverage through government procurement exists only for wheat and rice; and that, too, in selected states and only among those farmers who sell through government procurement.
our experience shows that a major part of the surplus, especially in the relatively poorer states (of the eastern region) like bihar, jharkhand, chhattisgarh, odisha, west bengal, is disposed of by farmers through intermediaries at the field or village level itself.
this is true for many small and marginal farmers of central, southern and western regions as well.
the pilot scheme of bhavantar bhugtan yojana for eight oilseed crops initiated in madhya pradesh and the price deficiency payment scheme for four vegetable crops in haryana can provide assistance in working out direct payment of difference in price actually obtained by a farmer (for msp crops) and the announced price under msp (as declared in the budget).
however, it would be possible only for farmers who sell through formal channels of regulated apmcs, where sale price is transparent and officially recorded.
however, paying compensation to the farmers for the agricultural commodities sold through intermediaries within the village and the small amount of surplus disposed of by marginal and small farmers through other channels would still remain a major challenge, as there is no transparency or official record of the amount sold as well as price paid to the farmers.
the coverage of commodities not covered so far under msp will be a much bigger challenge as there is no acceptable cost of cultivation estimate available for such crops.
procurement set-upsgiven the fact that procurement takes place only for wheat and rice, for the rest of the crops the difference of actual price received and the declared msp will have to be paid directly to the farmer, possibly using procedures followed in the case of madhya pradesh and haryana (under the above-mentioned pilot schemes).
some state governments already have their state-sponsored procurement set-up.
for example, in states like karnataka, an agricultural price commission is in existence.
however, not all state governments have such a set-up in place.
moreover, it will become necessary for the state governments to register all farmers and to have their bank account and other details for the implementation of this scheme.
this will be needed to successfully transfer the difference between the price received by farmers and their entitlement as per the declared msp.
aadhaar can play a key role in implementation of this scheme.
nevertheless, working out the details and putting up a system in place for successful implementation of the msp scheme discussed in the budget even for the crops already covered will take significant effort and time.
for the crops that were so far not covered by msp, even greater effort will be required, since estimating the cost of cultivation for such crops remains a much larger issue.
to sum up, the implementation of the msp scheme as declared in the budget promises to be a challenging task.
press trust of india, new delhi, may 23 2017, 19:57 istdenying any downturn in indian information technology sector, law and it minister ravi shankar prasad today said the industry will create 25-30 lakhs by 2025.
as (the) it minister of the nation, i completely deny and refute that there is any downturn in the employment in this sector.
it is robust, slated for great growth and once digital economy ushers then you can fathom its development, prasad said while sharing three years achievement of the ministry of electronics and it.
he said that the indian it companies have added 6 lakh jobs in last three years.
it companies employ 40 lakh people directly and 1.
3 crore indirectly.
we are bringing bpo in small towns.
it is very exciting situation.
industry is growing and nasscom has made assessment that in coming 4-5 years 20-25 lakh more jobs will be created, prasad said.
analysing a report submitted by mckinsey & co at the nasscom india leadership forum, head hunters india founder- chairman and md k lakshmikanth had said that job cuts in information technology (it) sector will be between rs 1.
75 lakh and 2 lakh annually for the next three years due to under-preparedness in adapting to newer technologies.
on curbs over h1b visa, prasad said that finance minister arunjaitley during his recent visit to the us has conveyed concerns on the issue and prime minister narendra modi will also convey concerns in this regard to the us government during his visit.
he said that teamlease analysis for 2017-18 report that it sector hiring sentiments is positive and is up by 4  in october 2016 to march 2017, compared to the previous six-month period.
teamlease also indicated that the e-commerce and technology startup sector hiring sentiments has increased by 2 per cent, with projected 14.
94 per cent job growth.
the it minister said that investment proposal in electronics manufacturing has increased to rs 1.
43 lakh crore.
from rs 11,000 crore investment in 2014, total investment proposals have now increased to rs 1.
43 lakh crore in electronics manufacturing.
at present, 72 mobile manufacturing companies have come.
in this 1 lakh people have been direct employment and 3 lakh people indirect employment, prasad said.
he said that investment in mobile manufacturing has increased from 18,992 crore in 2014-15 to rs 89,756 crore in 2016-17.
the minister said that the 2.
5 lakh common services centres, which provide government and other internet based services in rural area, have generated revenue of rs 1,800 crore, which include rs 600 crore from aadhaar related services.
apple has started production in bangalore in a modest level.
they are in touch with it secretary for further expansion, prasad said.
the ministry of electronics and it announced a model it tender format to be used by various government departments in procurement of it products and services.
there was no consistency in it procurement.
there was request from it sector to issue a model request for proposal format, prasad said.
meity also announced restructuring and re-branding of media lab asia as digital india corporation, which will function like a professional body for rolling out digital india projects mainly e-governance.
it will implement digital india in a professional way.
we are going to hire from private sector.
it will be very good platform professionally managed with corporate architecture.
negd (national e-governance division), he said.
government plans to hire professionals in the field of cyber security and launch national cyber coordination centre (nccc) in june, he added.
the minister said that government started early preparation to check cyber attacks and india was least effected by ransomware.
hardly 200 locations were effected and they were standalone computers.
we are taking focused measures to improve cyber security ecosystem, prasad said.
india's slower gdp nasty surprise, self-goal: chinese mediapress trust of india, beijing, jun 2 2017, 15:37 istindia lost the tag of the fastest growing major economy to china in the march quarter with a gdp growth of 6.
1 per cent, which pulled down the 2016-17 expansion to 7.
1 per cent.
pti file photoa state-run chinese daily said today that india has suffered a setback and a nasty surprise in the elephant versus dragon race as its gdp growth slowed down in the january-april quarter helping china re-emerge as the fastest growing major economy.
calling it a self-goal by the government of prime minister narendra modi, global times hoped india will not score any more own goals in the future as it continues with its reform efforts.
india lost the tag of the fastest growing major economy to china in the march quarter with a gdp growth of 6.
1 per cent, which pulled down the 2016-17 expansion to 7.
1 per cent.
some experts believe the demonetisation of high-value bank notes, that accounted for nearly 85 per cent of currency in circulation, in november by the government had some effect on the data.
it seems that india has suffered a setback in the 'elephant versus dragon' race, with an unexpected slowdown in its economy helping china regain the title of fastest-growing major economy in the first quarter, the chinese daily said.
part of the publications run by the ruling communist party, the daily said the surprising slowdown points to some underlying problems facing the indian economy.
it also doubted the government data, saying they have invited controversy.
india watchers were caught off-guard when the economy was revealed on wednesday to have grown by only 6.
1 per cent in the january-march period, its weakest in more than two years.
the number was well below analysts' forecasts of more than 7 per cent growth for the quarter, it said.
the daily headlined the article 'india gets nasty surprise from first-quarter growth amid doubts over earlier data'.
it said a significant upward revision of last year's growth data for the same period by 1.
3 percentage points to 9.
2 per cent was in part blamed for the comparative slump in india's economic growth in the first quarter this year.
but this was supposed to have already been factored into previous market estimates, so why did the growth data still come as such a shock?
adding to the puzzle is that india posted stronger- than-expected seven per cent growth in the october-to-december period when the economy was seen being hit by indian prime minister narendra modi's decision in november to scrap largest-denomination banknotes, it said.
the growth numbers, therefore, don't hold water.
some local economists said the first-quarter growth reading is closer to reality compared with previous data, it said.
the reality also shows how poorly the economy is weathering demonetisation, the tabloid daily which carries articles all most every day against india in recent times said.
india should be mindful of putting too much strain on its economy and subjecting the economy to a deeper imbalance while pressing ahead with ambitious reforms, it said.
the chinese economy has posted a 6.
9 per cent growth in the first quarter this year - higher than the 6.
5 per cent official target.
the chinese government has lowered this year's growth target to 6.
5 per cent amid reports that the total debt is reported to be worth over 250 per cent of gdp and bad loans by the commercial banks totalled to usd 220 billion.
there was sense of disquiet in china, which remained the fastest growing economy for decades with double-digit growth rates, after it yielded the status to india.
and the daily suggested that the indian government seriously think twice about reformist drives as drastic as the november decision.
hc seeks kejriwal, 5 aap leaders' response in arunjaitley casenew delhi, dec 22, 2015, pti: 12:55 istthe delhi high court today sought response of chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders on a civil defamation suit filed against them by finance minister arun jaitley.
joint registrar (jr) kovai venugopal issued notice to kejriwal and other aap leaders -- kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh, raghav chadha and deepak bajpai -- on the suit by arunjaitley seeking rs 10 crore in damages for issuing allegedly false and defamatory statements against him and his family members.
issue notice to the defendants (aap leaders).
written statements by the defandants be filed within three weeks.
thereafter, in two weeks' time, the plaintiff (jaitley) will file replication, the jr said.
the court also asked aap convenor kejriwal and other leaders of his party to file original documents related to the allegations levelled in the suit against them in one week.
the jr fixed the matter for february 5, 2016 for admission/denial of documents.
while kejriwal and vishwas were not present in the high court, four of the aap leaders -- ashutosh, sanjay, raghav and deepak, attended the proceedings.
jaitley's action comes in the backdrop of attacks on him by kejriwal and other aap leaders over alleged irregularities and financial bunglings in delhi's cricket body, delhi and district cricket association (ddca), of which he was the president for about 13 years till 2013.
jaitley has also filed a criminal defamation complaint before a trial court against kejriwal and the five other aap leaders for making false allegations about financial irregularities in ddca.
in a packed courtroom at the patiala house courts complex yesterday, arunjaitley , who was accompanied by a phalanx of union ministers, including m venkaiah naidu, smriti irani, dharmendra pradhan and j p nadda, had alleged that aap leaders have made completely baseless and defamatory allegations.
the court of the chief metroplitan magistrate then took cognisance of the complaint and posted the case for january 5 when arunjaitley will record his testimony.
state gets central funds for irrigation projectsnew delhi, oct 22, 2016, dhns 2:01 istunion water resources minister uma bharti on friday announced that the centre has released the first installment of rs 1,500 crore to 18 states, including karnataka, as central assistance for taking up a total of 99 irrigation projects under the accelerated irrigation benefits programme (aibp).
in karnataka, the fund has been released for the upper tunga irrigation project (haveri, shivamogga and davangere districts) and sri rameshwara irrigation project (belagavi), karanja (bidar), bhima (kalaburagi) and narayanpur left bank canal system (new kalaburagi and vijayapura), the minister told reporters here.
these funds were sanctioned for the completion of the on-going irrigation projects and funds will be released through national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard).
with the sanction of funds to complete the pending irrigation projects in drought-hit areas, the minister hoped that their completion will address major water crises.
following an increase in farmers suicides in the past two years due to failure of rainfall, the centre has decided to release more funds to states to take up irrigation projects in drought-prone districts.
rajya sabha disrupted over ram temple, ddca rownew delhi, dec 23, 2015 (ians) 14:29 istthe rajya sabha's proceedings were briefly disrupted twice in the pre-lunch session on wednesday over the issues of a ram temple in ayodhya and alleged irregularities in the ddca.
soon after the upper house met for the day, janata dal-united member k.c. tyagi raised the issue of stones being transported and carved for constructing the proposed ram temple at ayodhya in uttar pradesh.
he said that tension is being created in ayodhya, where the babri mosque once stood.
a similar situation (to what prevailed earlier) is being created in ayodhya once again.
tension is being incited, tyagi said.
members of the samajwadi party, bahujan samaj party and the congress too supported him.
bsp leader mayawati accused the bharatiya janata party and the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh of trying to derive political mileage by again raking up the ram temple issue.
there should not be anything that is in contempt of the supreme court.
it's the responsibility of the uttar pradesh government to maintain law and order, she said.
stones are being polished since 1990, and the site is around one-and-a-half km away from the disputed site.
second, both the government and the bjp firmly believe the court decision should be respected and we will respect it, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said.
there is no restriction on carving of stones; it does not mean the ram temple is being constructed, he said.
however, members of the congress and samajwadi party trooped near the chairman's podium and shouted slogans against the government.
deputy chairman p.j. kurien adjourned the house for 10 minutes.
as the house reassembled at 11.
34 a.
m.
, congress members again trooped near the chairman's podium to demand the resignation of finance minister arunjaitley over the delhi and district cricket association issue.
chairman hamid ansari requested the congress members not to disrupt the proceeding on the last day of the winter session but his request was ignored.
he then adjourned the house till 1.
00 p.
m.
annapurna singh, dh news service, new delhi, jun 11 2017, 18:39 istthe gst council on sunday lowered rates for many consumer items, school bags and cinema tickets below rs 100 but left the much awaited revision on hybrid car to be decided after considering comments from states on a discussion paper on the issue.
the council also did not revise gst rates for telecom services which were spiked from 15  to 18  last month leading to an expected increase in charges for consumers.
next meeting of the council will be held on june 18 where it will decide rates for lottery tickets among other things.
he said traders, manufacturers and restaurants with a turnover of up to rs 75 lakh can avail the composition scheme, against rs 50 lakh earlier.
under the composition scheme, the tax is payable at a concessional rate on the turnover in a state.
jaitley said two rates have been fixed under the gst for entertainment.
entertainment tax is levied by states, the weighted average for the entire country is about 30 .
but several state governments give an exemption for a cinema of that particular language of the state.
in drugs category, the gst rates for insulin were reduced to 5  from the existing 12 .
however, chairman and managing director, biocon kiran mazumdar shaw said, i do believe that chronic therapies like insulin and for diseases like cancer, these drugs be exempt from gst altogether because patients do need lot of help in terms of drug prices.
and this would have been a very, very welcome development if he would have actually exempted such drugs from gst altogether.
gst rates for tractor components were lowered to 18  from the highest 28  following which mahindra & mahindra said, it is good news that you take out any pain points that are there in the transitioning since tractors were always at 18 .
the rates for exercise, drawing and text books were reduced to 12  from 18  but manufacturers said the earlier vat on such items was only 5 .
they have only lost and will pass on some of it to consumers.
new delhi, feb 2, 2017, dhns 2:16 istthe election commissions (ec) bar on making populist announcements ahead of polls is said to have stopped the government from making major announcements with regard to railways and other sectors.
finance minister arunjaitley , in his budget speech, refrained from divulging specific details that may have sounded enticing for voters in the poll-bound states.
for instance, he spoke about commissioning of railway lines, solar powering and upgrading of railway stations, but avoided taking names of the areas where these facilities will be provided, in order to respect the ec guidelines.
when asked why the budget does not have the details of railway expansions and other specifications, a top finance ministry official, who was involved in the framing of the budget, said the elections was the reason the details were not made public.
the ec had suggested delaying budget presentation, as populist announcements ahead of the elections will give an advantage to the bjp, but the government had turned the suggestion down.
the official hinted that reforms in railways will take place after the state elections.
the finance ministry official said that ticket fares may go up after the elections to generate funds.
the governments, so far, have been avoiding hiking ticket fares to avoid a backlash from people, he said.
there was hue and cry after air indias fiscal health suffered badly.
what about railways?
people should pay for the services they avail, said the ministry official.
shatrughan calls kirti azad 'hero'patna, dec 23, 2015, (ians) 14:42 istbjp mp shatrughan sinha on wednesday described as a hero party mp kirti azad, who has taken on finance minister arunjaitley over alleged corruption in delhi's cricket board.
kirti azad-hero of the day, the outspoken actor-turned-politician tweeted.
sinha, who had rubbed the bharatiya janata party the wrong way during the bihar assembly elections too, urged the party not to take action against azad, who has alleged corruption in the ddca when arunjaitley headed it.
humble appeal to friends.
avoid knee jerk reaction/coercive action against (a) friend who's fighting against corruption.
have often quoted newton's 3rd law.
feel that untimely action could boomerang.
sadly, party with a difference has become party with differences.
sinha had a piece of advice for arunjaitley , who headed the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) for 13 years till 2013.
as for fm (finance minister), (the) issue should be fought politically not legally.
as advised by our dashing dynamic pm, our fm could follow advaniji's example and come clean.
veteran bjp leader l.k. advani had declined to contest elections when he was accused of involvement in the hawala scandal in the 1990s.
on tuesday, prime minister narendra modi had said that arunjaitley would come out of the ddca row with flying colours -- a la advani.
sinha's support for azad came a day after senior bihar bjp leader sushil kumar modi demanded disciplinary action against azad for targetting arunjaitley over the ddca issue.
cricketer-turned-politician azad is a bjp mp from darbhanga in bihar and the son of former bihar chief minister bhagwat jha azad.
sinha is the bjp mp from patna saheb in bihar.
sports minister offers olive branch to indian cricket boardlast updated: 01 february, 2011new delhi, feb 1, pti: 21:56 istmaken tells crickets apex body in the country to leave acrimony behind and register as a national sport federationsports minister ajay maken on tuesday sought to strike a cordial note with the bcci by inviting the cricket board to register itself as a national sport federation (nsf) with the ministry.
top bcci officials, who have been at loggerheads with the ministry over the registration issue, met the sports minister here on monday.
maken said he had a good discussion with the board officials, who understood his point of view.
i had a good discussion with the cricket board officials whom i advised to register the entity as a national sports federation.
i welcomed them to come and register as nsf and leave all the acrimony behind.
the meeting was held in a very cordial environment and both parties listened to each others concerns.
they understood what i tried to say and hope this matter will get resolved soon, maken told a press conference here.
bcci president shashank manohar, secretary n srininvasan, vice-presidents arunjaitley and rajiv shukla and indian premier league (ipl) ceo sundar raman met the sports minister.
the sports ministry had de-recognised the bcci last year as the apex cricket body in india following its refusal to register as a national sports federation.
the boards main contention was that since it doesnt take any financial assistance from the ministry, it is not binding on them to follow the guidelines.
legislation on feb 20in a bid to bring about tranparency and good governance, the government has decided to frame a national sports development legislation by february 20 which, among other things, will force officials to abide by tenure and age restrictions.
explaining the roadmap for the comprehensive sports legislation, maken said the ministry will put the draft bill on the website by february 20 and will invite suggestions from stake-holders and public for a month before taking it forward.
elaborating on six points based on basic universal principles of good governance, maken said that these would not be mere policies but would be implemented legally so that there are no vested interests or interferences.
we want to have transparency and that can be done legally.
sports bodies should be governed by clear, transparent and fair rules maken said.
drawing rules from international olympic council charter, he talked about the need for tranparency, while stating that existing legislations in other countries can serve as good examples for drawing out prevalent best practices.
stating that the anti-doping law should be put forward in compliance with the wada, he also talked about taking measures against sexual harassment at work place.
he said that the fool-proof guidelines for age fraud detection need to be formulated and put forth as binding legislation.
clarifying that the government is not enforcing its own rules, maken said they are only supporting the ioc charter in making things better for indian sport.
a large number of federations have already adopted or communicated their intent to adopt good governance principles laid down by the government.
these include federations such as athletics, badminton, boxing, golf, hockey, gymnastics, rowing, shooting, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting and yatching, said maken.
he expressed confidence that once the proposed guidelines are placed in parliament, there would be some positive response.
as per the ioc charter, any affiliated member ceases to be a member at the end of the calendar year during which he reaches the age of 70, while all members of the ioc executive board are elected by the sessions in a secret ballot.
'a year in office, bjp has become central pole'new delhi: may 23, 2015, dhns 1:23 ista year in office, the bjp thinks that its governments performanceunder prime minister narendra modi has made the party the central pole of indian politics.
in an exercise similar to bjps pre-election blitz, the party will hold 200 rallies on completion of one year by its government.
prime minister narendra modi will address the first rally in bjp idealogue deendayal upadhyayas native village near mathura in uttar pradesh on may 25.
union minister ananth kumar said the bjp's celebratory plans were part of the jan kalyan parv from may 25 to may 31.
he said all union ministers, party mps, chief ministers and mlas, besides central and state office bearers of the party will travel across the country to highlight the government's achievements.
kumar said there will a total of 200 press conferences to take the initiatives of the narendra modi-led government to the people.
kumar said exhibitions and melas will be put up at various places in the country to highlight the new social security schemes of the government to help people benefit from them.
jaitley, who spoke at the bjp headquarters, said the party and the government together displayed a lot of coordination and there is enthusiasm among party workers across the country.
our party and our cadres are proud of our performance.
the fm said policy paralysis (of the upa era) has been replaced by quick decision-making process, reluctance has been replaced by decisiveness.
there is clarity of direction in the government.
a very big change is that corruption has been replaced by transparent governance.
crony capitalism has been replaced by liberal policy-based governance.
the last year has restored the credibility, dignity and stature of the prime minister's office.
in this government, the last word belongs to the prime minister and that is how it should be, he said.
jaitley said minorities in the country were safe and in the last one year, government has made attempts to ensure there is no social tension.
he said the bjp had told its ministers and mps to avoid provocative statements.
describing incidents like attacks on churches as law and order issues, he said, today all such religious institutions have been provided with security, which was never there in the past.
war memorial in 5 yrsnew delhi, oct 08, 2015, dhns 1:17 istthe union cabinet on wednesday has approved a rs 500-crore plan to set up a national war memorial and national war museum in india gate in the next five years.
to be set up on 14 acres of land, the memorial is likely to display names of around 22, 500 soldiers, who made supreme sacrifices in post-independent india.
the cabinet approval comes exactly a year after the defence ministry put its stamp of approval on the project, which was announced by the finance minister arunjaitley in his first budget speech in 2014.
3 new aiimsthe union cabinet on wednesday approved three tertiary care hospitals in the line of delhis prestigious all india institute of medical sciences (aiims), dhns reports from new delhi.
the centres would come up in andhra pradesh, maharashtra and west bengal at a total cost of rs 4949 crore.
bonus to rail employeesthe unions cabinet wednesday approved 78-day wages as productivity-linked bonus (plb) to railways employees.
the decision which has apparently been taken ahead of durgapuja and diwali festivals will benefit 12.
58 lakh non-gazetted railway employees.
each worker could get up to rs 8,975 this month as bonus.
it will cost the exchequer around rs 1,030.
02 crore.
the 2002 enron scam in the us has brought stringent self-regulation of sarbanes-oxley act and a new regime of corporate governance and disclosure requirements in accounting and auditing.
in india, the satyam scam has resulted in floating nfra.
the much-awaited regulator, the national financial reporting authority, was announced on march 1 and draft rules were notified on march 21.
it was a matter of debate during the setting up of a professional body of chartered accountants (cas).
should the government or the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai) have the power?
the power was vested with icai to investigate cas and was retained when icai act was amended in 2006.
the 2009 satyam scam shook the nation and has left a scar on the professional body.
a committee was constituted to suggest on revamping provisions of the companies act.
in companies act, 2013, a separate provision has been provided to notify the separate regulator to regulate cas.
prime minister narendra modis speech on ca day  july 1  sent strong words on how some cas were involved in tax evasion, money laundering and apathy in handling the disciplinary matters of its members.
though there was praise for icais role in nation building and continuous education, training, interaction with government and in conducting examinations etc.
surfacing of fraud cases  punjab national bank (pnb) to the tune of around rs 13,000 crore, rotomac global rs 3,695 crore, jatin mehta rs 6,200 crore  have necessitated a regulatory body.
as per cibil, wilful defaults are estimated to be at rs 1,11,738 crore from 9,339 borrowers.
squandering of public money became an easy source.
what have they been doing?
the nfra has been asked to investigate cas or a firm or llp who audit  listed companies, unlisted companies with a net worth not less than rs 500 crore or paid-up capital of not less than rs 500 crore or annual turnover not less than rs 1,000 crore as on march 31 of immediately preceding financial year, and companies having securities listed outside india.
the centre further has the power to refer the entities for investigation where public interest would be involved.
the rest are regulated by icai.
thereby, auditors are not audited by auditors but by a regulator.
the icai council is a body elected by the members to investigate a member who may have jeopardised the interests of the stakeholders.
secondly, there has been a considerable delay in disposing of cases relating to auditors.
the concern is that despite different audits conducted in a bank, such as internal audit, concurrent audit, stock audit, inspection audit and statutory audit, not detecting frauds is a matter of concern.
besides, quality review on non-performing assets of banks ultimately resulting as bad loan is a greater concern.
the niti aayog, sebi and mca have strongly recommended for setting up of a separate regulator (nfra) which would strengthen the independence of an audit firm, quality of audit and public confidence in financial disclosures.
though a strong recommendation, it was the standing committee that suggested streamlining and strengthening icai act without needlessly adding to regulatory levels so that adequate transparency can be ensured.
however, the spate of scams has made nfra a necessity.
functions of nfra include recommendations to the central government on formulation, laying down of accounting and auditing policies and standards for adoption by companies or their auditors, monitor and enforce compliance, oversee quality of service of professionals and have power to investigate, either suo motu or on a reference made to it by the central government, for specified class of bodies corporate or persons, into matters of professional or other misconduct committed by any member or firm of cas and impose penalty and removal of the ca or firm for 10 years.
section 132 of the companies act, 2013, provides scope for an nfra.
the nfra shall consist of a chairperson, who shall be a person of eminence with expertise in auditing, accounting and finance or law to be appointed by the central government and such other members not exceeding 15, consisting of part-time, full-time members.
the part-time members will represent mca, cag, rbi and sebi.
it also includes three members from icai.
a search-cum-selection committee, chaired by the cabinet secretary, would recommend names for appointments of chairperson and full-time members.
a question arises on the inclusion of an icai official, whether he would breach the independent objective of the nfra?
many international organisations such as the international forum of independent audit regulator (ifiar) has membership confined to the governing body who should be non-practitioners.
the us public company accounting oversight board does not have members to regulate them.
nevertheless, the specialised knowledge of audit and accounting and contribution in this field certainly benefits nfra.
the second proviso to section 132 clearly needs a declaration to the central government in the prescribed form regarding no conflict of interest or lack of independence exists in respect of his or her appointment.
multiple scams have eroded the public confidence.
not detecting frauds through audit is a concern.
there is a need to build systems without exceptions.
role of different audits have to be expanded and quality of audit and timely action to address the issues swiftly will ameliorate public confidence and restore trust.
deregulation in the interest of ensuring the quality of audit, fixing accountability and independence in working will have a far-reaching effect.
an alternate regulator to regulate in respect of accounting, auditing, quality of audits and to investigate members or firms or llps is the need.
the important task ahead of nfra is to rebuild public confidence and swiftly punish those who perpetrate fraud, bring transparent systems and an early warning system when there is a rot.
then, the nfra is a boon to the stakeholders.
the political system is most crucial for its success.
new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns 0:52 istmobile phones, cigarettes and pan masala will cost more, but the cost of digital payments, e-ticketing and lng will come down as finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday tweaked certain customs and excise duties in the budget for 2017-18.
tickets bought through the website of the indian railway catering and tourism corporation (irctc) will be cheaper.
to encourage cashless payments, service charge on e-tickets booked through irctc was proposed to be withdrawn.
ahead of a forthcoming levy of sin tax in the goods and services tax (gst), arunjaitley proposed to increase excise duty on non-filter cigarettes of a length not exceeding 65 mm to rs 311 per 1,000 from rs 215 per 1,000.
he almost doubled the excise duty on non-manufactured tobacco to 8.
3  from the current 4.
2 .
excise duty on pan masala having tobacco was proposed to be hiked to 9  from the existing 6 .
the comparatively cheaper led lights will cost more as some parts used for manufacturing them will attract a basic customs duty of 5 .
customs duty on printed circuit boards for manufacturing mobile phones will be hiked to 2  from a nil tax regime earlier, making mobile phones costlier.
but customs duty on liquefied natural gas (lng) is proposed to be reduced to 2.
5  from 5 .
levy on point-of-sale (pos) machines and iris readers will be reduced to encourage digital payments.
however, there was not much tinkering in the excise duty and service tax owing to a likely implementation of the gst in september.
sibal charges fm with giving hints to it dept in herald casenew delhi, dec 12, 2015 (pti) 16:51 istsenior congress leader kapil sibal today accused finance minister arunjaitley of terming the national herald case as an offence under the income tax act and giving an indication to the it department to issue notice to his party in the matter.
speaking at a media event here, he rejected all charges of alleged cheating and siphoning of money by congress from national herald and the issue has nothing to do with the disruption of parliament.
your finance minister in his blogs and on facebook says this is an offence under income tax act.
he is the finance minister of this country.
does he have the right to make statements like that?
he is giving a sort of indication to the it department that you send notice.
and what has stopping of parliament got to do with the case of national herald.
it is nothing to do with it, sibal said speaking at the aaj tak agenda programme here.
congress has been stalling parliament for the past few days over the issue of political vendetta.
sibal referred to comments made by revenue ministers of bjp-ruled maharashtra and haryana governments favouring cancellation of leases of properties of national herald or its holding companies and asked is this not political vendetta?
he said congress is committed to reviving and running national herald, a newspaper established in 1938 by jawaharlal nehru.
there was no cheating in national herald case.
young indian is a section 25 company that means no money can be shared with any of the shareholders.
nobody has lost any money or made any money in this, said sibal, a noted lawyer and a former union minister.
he said congress wants passage of gst bill in the parliament but first government should accepts its three suggestions on the proposed legislation.
parliament should function and we also want parliament to function.
one of a very senior bjp leaders set a democratic principle that obstruction in parliament is part of parliamentary strategy.
in the history of democracy, no leader has ever said such a thing.
what have we said on gst?
we do not want flawed gst.
we have given them three suggestions on gst.
we have said you come to us on the suggestions put forth by us and implement them, he said.
referring to prime minister narendra modi's comments that reforms meant for common men are being stalled in parliament, sibal asked, when he was chief minister of gujarat and for six years he was opposing gst, at that time was his feelings not connected with common men?
.
addressing the india-korea business summit here, he observed that over the next 10-20 years india will continue to remain one of the fastest growing economies in the world.
he said the country has been able to blend its economic decisions along with political acceptability to the extent that there is now a huge support, almost bordering on impatience, where people want india to reform and grow much faster.
according to arunjaitley , most people in india believe that a 7-8  growth rate is an absolute normal for the country but the real potential of india is to beat that.
therefore, with policy changes accompanied by a supportive global environment, india perhaps has the potential to achieve a little more than that, said the minister.
he said the indian economy in the last few years has become very open, it is integrated globally, it invites investments in most sectors and has made its procedures for investment extremely simple.
jaitley said the government's decision-making has made doing business in india much easier, and whatever challenges and difficulties do arise, there is an extensive debate in the country as to why procedures must be further simplified and a combined national effort to move in that direction.
new delhi, dec 23, 2015, dhns 1:31 istprime minister narendra modi on tuesday backed union finance minister arunjaitley , saying the latter will come out with flying colours due to wrong and manufactured allegations levelled against him in the ddca case in the same manner as patriarch l k advani had emerged unscathed in the hawala case.
but, in his address to the bjp parliamentary party meeting on tuesday morning, modi did not mention about party mp kirti azad, who had challenged arunjaitley to file a defamation case against him as he did against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and other aap leaders in a delhi court.
after the meeting, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu told reporters: the prime minister gave the example of l k advani.
the government at that time had tried to implicate him in the hawala case.
advani came through with flying colours.
advani and arunjaitley were sharing the dais when modi came up with his defence of the finance minister.
the congress said modi has signalled that arunjaitley should quit from his post till the time he is absolved of all the charges as advani had done when he faced allegations in hawala case.
i will remind arunjaitley that advani had then resigned and had not come back till he got clean chit from the supreme court.
so the prime minister seems to be telling arunjaitley that he should not continue as finance minister till he gets cleared, leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad told reporters.
after ddca row, gill now drags arunjaitley in hi affairsnew delhi, dec 23, 2015 (pti) 17:18 istseeking to put further pressure on arunjaitley , banned indian hockey federation (ihf) president kps gill today dragged the union finance minister into the affairs of hockey india, urging the delhi government to probe into the bjp stalwart's conflict of interest in the national hockey body.
former top cop, gill has written to delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, alleging that arunjaitley had appointed his daughter sonali as the counsel for hockey india when he was a member of the advisory board of hockey india league.
hockey india president narinder batra strongly refuted the allegations, saying gill's charges were baselessit is a fresh attack on arunjaitley who has been accused by aap, congress and bjp mp kirti azad of shielding corruption when he was the president of delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
gill's allegations came a day after the delhi assembly yesterday passed a resolution to set up a commission of inquiry over the alleged irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
ihf secretary ashok mathur confirmed the development, saying the letter was sent to kejriwal two days back.
yes, mr. gill has written to delhi chief minister urging him to investigate mr. jaitley's confilct of interest in hi .
as hi is registered under registrar of societies, delhi, the delhi government has every right to investigate into the complaint, mathur told pti when contacted.
jaitley has earlier sued six people including delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal for rs 10 crore in a defamation suit for their comments that ddca had seen corruption when it was under jaitley.
the suit, however, did not include bjp mp azad who has been at the forefront of allegations of corruption in the ddca under jaitley's watch.
disband subsidy delivery mechanism, switch over to ubiuttam gupta, april 13, 2017, deccan herald news service 0:21 istin the economic survey (2016-17) presented in parliament on january 31, 2017, chief economic advisor arvind subramanian advocated universal basic income (ubi) instead of a plethora of subsidies given under extant dispensation.
but the idea found no mention in finance minister arunjaitley budget for 2017-18, presented on february 1, 2017.
meanwhile, in an interview given to a group of economic editors on february 1, arunjaitley opined that ubi is an idea whose time should come, but politics of this country is not mature yet for its implementation.
he could have taken the idea on board at least on a trial basis, but avoided it.
so, what are the constraints?
what will be the opportune time?
will it come at all?
the cea couched the idea in mahatma gandhis philosophy that every citizen of india is entitled to live with dignity: whether or not a person can lead a life with dignity depends on his ability to generate a certain minimum level of income to make it possible.
left to himself, he may not be able to get to this level either because he has no job, or he is a small/marginal farmer perennially entrapped in subsistence.
under such circumstances, the government may intervene to provide unconditionally and on a regular basis financial assistance  call it unconditional basic income  to ensure that he can lead a decent living as contemplated by the father of the nation.
successive governments have spent thousands of crores of rupees under welfare schemes meant for the poor.
the expenditure is mostly on subsidies under dozens of heads.
three major subsidies  food, fertilisers and petroleum products  alone account for 1.
5  to 2  of the gdp or rs 2,50,000 crore-rs 3,00,000 crore annually.
the subsidies are administered through suppliers/manufacturers.
they sell products at prices much lower than the cost (or market price) and get the difference reimbursed from the government.
this manner of administration suffers from three major flaws  non-targetedness; misuse/leakages; and inefficient use.
first, making the product available at subsidised price to all and sundry without any differentiation results in appropriation of the benefit even by those better-off or rich, who do not deserve or need it.
indeed, beneficiaries include the rich and even the super rich.
according to the economic survey (2015-16), 24  of fertiliser subsidy is cornered by large/rich farmers.
as regards the lpg subsidy, currently, there are 165 million beneficiaries, a majority of them better-off/rich.
this is despite prime minister narendra modis efforts in making over 10 million people give up their subsidy entitlement under the giveup campaign.
under the national food security act (nfsa), food is supplied to two-thirds of population at heavily subsidised prices of rs 1/2/3 per kg for coarse cereals, wheat and rice, respectively.
such a humongous number is well above households living below poverty line (25-30 ).
clearly, substantial chunks of better-off enjoy this subsidy.
a committee under shanta kumar (2015) had recommended coverage under the scheme to be reduced to 40  but this has not been acted upon.
second, the extant dispensation is prone to large-scale misuse.
about 41  of fertiliser subsidy is leaked via diversion to chemical factories and smuggled to neighbouring countries and 24  to inefficient manufacturers.
in food too, there are substantial leakages of 30 -40  from the public distribution system (pds).
kerosene subsidy is usurped by dubious traders who adulterate it with diesel.
third, keeping the price of inputs at artificially low level makes users complacent resulting in their inefficient use.
thus, excessive use of urea is rampant leading to imbalance in nutrient use and lower crop yield, besides causing damage to the environment.
at another level, supply of power at heavily subsidised tariff (free in some states) leads to excessive water use causing denudation of ground water.
dbt issuethere is no orchestrated policy response to deal with these maladies except to a limited extent in lpg, wherein the direct benefit transfer (dbt) was launched in january 2015.
but in the case of food and fertilisers, there is no seriousness to take it forward.
a few pilot projects, fertilisers in 11 districts since january 2017 (seven more to be taken up from april) and food in three union territories take us nowhere.
the dbt in fertilisers means that subsidy cannot be routed via manufacturers.
this will in turn require removal of control on maximum retail price and dismantling of extant unit-wise new pricing scheme (nps) for urea.
but the government is not prepared for it, as under a comprehensive new urea policy (2015), it has frozen mrp at existing level and has decided to continue nps for four years  till 2019.
in food also, it has no intention to stop routing subsidy through the food corporation of india and other state agencies which alone can pave the way for dbt.
now, if ubi  a more nuanced version of dbt  is to be put in place, all existing subsidies and associated disbursement mechanisms will have to go.
but, when, the government is determined to keep the latter intact, how will it make way for the former?
on the other hand, for the two to co-exist is not only illogical but also preposterous.
what prevents the government from disbanding existing subsidy disbursement mechanisms?
in that event, selling price of fertilisers and food will increase sharply and there will be pressure to restrict subsidy only to the poor.
besides, in fertilisers, a number of high cost public sector plants will face risk of closure.
these consequences are politically unpalatable.
that is precisely what arunjaitley was alluding to when he opined politics of this country is not mature yet for implementation of ubi.
therefore, for now, at least till end of modis term, the idea will remain confined to brainstorming by think tanks only.
ftii row: chauhan should be given time, says shatrughan sinhamumbai, jun 24, 2015, pti: 21:13 istas the strike at the ftii entered the 13th day, bjp leader and yesteryear actor shatrughan sinha today said revoking the appointment of gajendra chauhan as chairman of the institute is unlikely and asked the students to resume the classes.
pahlaj nihalani, whose appointment as the censor board chief had also kicked up a controversy few months back, also defended chauhan's appointment and alleged that students at the campus in pune were indulging in politics.
i had a long talk with everybody concerned.
it is not easy for a government to go back on a decision.
it is a democratically-elected government, which took the decision and it cannot give into the demands of the mobs, sinha, an alumnus of the film and television institute of india (ftii), told pti over phone.
sinha urged the students, who are questioning the merit in the appointment of chauhan, to resume classes as soon as possible and not to waste their time in such activities.
with clips trying to show chauhan's mediocrity as an actor doing the rounds on social media, sinha asked the students not to go into the past of the actor, instead he should be given a chance to prove himself as an administrator.
there is a difference between real life and reel life.
all of us should look positively, sinha said, when asked about the clips.
the ftii students have been opposing chauhan's appointment alleging that he lacked any credentials and vision to head an institution such as ftii, which is supposed to give direction to cinema.
how can the students demand that we want this teacher or we want this chairman?
at the ftii, they're trying to put politics in between.
i think they should go and do their work.
they have come to learn and let them learn what they want to, nihalani had told pti earlier.
nihalani also hit back at the allegations of cronyism, saying nobody questioned the appointments made by the congress governments in the past.
when asked if he would intervene to broker a truce, sinha said he owes all the success in his life to the institution and would like to do all which can help the ftii.
sinha also suggested his ftii senior subhash ghai as someone the government can go to be an overall guardian for the institute.
sinha, however, clarified that he is not suggesting ghai, who runs a private film school in mumbai, as a replacement for chauhan and is hinting at only an honorary post for the director.
when asked if he would be interested in taking up the ftii mantle, sinha said he has been advised not to do so as someone like him, who had served as a cabinet minister in the past, cannot report to a joint secretary-rank officer in the i&b ministry.
the students had yesterday said they had written to the i&b ministry, headed by finance minister arunjaitley , seeking an appointment to discuss the issue.
the ministry had last week offered to discuss all relevant issues after the students stuck to their demand for revoking the appointment of chauhan.
meanwhile, nihalani had an interesting take on why chauhan would have been appointed to the coveted post.
according to him, it might have been done keeping in mind the increased stature of television compared to cinema, which had been dominant till now.
first we were thinking bollywood is a big brother; now i think tv is the big brother and bollywood is the small brother, he said.
the students, who also want all the five board members to be removed, have been holding peaceful protests at the campus and outside against the appointments.
chauhan had earlier claimed there was a conspiracy behind the protests.
it is a conspiracy of some individual, who has a personal issue here.
this matter is being politicised, he had said.
he had requested the protesting students to stay away from this politics as it will not benefit them.
on his credentials to be appointed to the ftii post, he had said, i have been interviewed by the ministry multiple times before i was put on this post.
it was not an overnight decision by anyone.
give me proof of any-party activities: kirti azad to shahnew delhi, dec 25, 2015, (pti) 18:23 istbjp mp kirti azad, suspended for attacking finance minister arunjaitley , today wrote to party chief amit shah demanding proof of his 'anti-party activities' while maintaining that he remains a loyal party soldier.
the three-time darbhanga mp also noted that the suspension letter served on him made no mention of the ddca corruption, over which he had targeted arunjaitley , saying it made him believe that bjp has nothing to do with this matter and it is purely out of its purview.
in all fairness and in keeping with the tenets of equity, i look forward to being provided an opportunity to clear my name on the serious charges of having acted against the party's interests.
i request you to kindly provide me at the earliest instances and proof that i have indulged in anti-party activities so that i can clear the air and provide you with answers to your satisfaction, confirming that i have neither acted against the party's constitution nor against the interests of our party, he wrote to shah.
citing the party's charge that he brought bjp and its office-bearers into disrepute with actions and that he colluded with congress and aap, azad insisted that he has been a loyal solider of bjp since 1993 when he was elected as an mla from new delhi assembly seat.
there has not been a single instance of blemish in my association with bjp which has given me every opportunity to work within the party constitution.
i reiterate that i remain a loyal bjp worker and have no intention of causing embarrassment to my party or to indulge in anti-party activities as my 23 years of unblemished record in the party will testify, he said.
as you (shah) have not mentioned ddca corruption, i believe that the party has nothing to do with this matter and (it) is purely out of its preview, he added.
bjp had on wednesday suspended azad from its primary membership three days after his press conference attacking arunjaitley and subsequent acts of defiance both inside and outside parliament, over alleged irregularities in ddca.
insurance sector fears being pulled into 'cess pool', wants clarity on sopschennai, march 1, 2015, (ians) 18:47 istgenerally satisfied at the budgetary proposals of union finance minister arunjaitley for 2015-16, insurance industry officials however expressed their fears of being pulled into the cess pool of the swachh bharat cess.
experts also told ians that a clear legal clarity is needed on the proposal to hike the limit for deduction on health insurance premium.
presenting the budget saturday, arunjaitley proposed to create a new cess called swachh bharat cess, for which a cess of two percent will be levied as service tax on all or any of the taxable services for financing and promoting swachh bharat initiatives or for any other purpose relating thereto.
the proposed swachh bharat cess of two percent on the value of any taxable service will have a cascading effect on the cost of services including insurance, c.l. baradwaj, chief risk officer, bharti axa life insurance, told ians.
he recalled the service tax was initially levied on telephone services and general insurance policies at five percent and over the years the scope was widened to include several other service sectors.
experts told ians that it is wrong to call the two percent levy on services as swachh bharat cess as cess is generally levied on a tax as additional charge.
on the other hand swachh bharat cess is actually an additional service tax.
it, as service tax, will be levied on all or any of the taxable services at two percent rate on the value of such services, experts told ians.
as a tax sop to the middle class arunjaitley also proposed to increase the deduction in respect of health insurance premium from rs.15,000 to rs.25,000, while for senior citizens, the limit will stand increased to rs.30,000 from the existing rs.20,000.
however, in the finance bill 2015, the provisions relating to the above increase are missing, baradwaj said.
agreeing with him was d.varadarajan, supreme court advocate and an expert in insurance/company/completion laws.
the proposals of arunjaitley has not been properly reflected in the proposed amendments to section 80d of the income tax act, as contained in the finance bill, 2015, if one were to go through the proposed amendments in fine-print, varadarajan told ians.
the deduction for health insurance premium falls under section 80d (2) (a) and (b) or (3) of the income tax act.
clause (a) and clause (b) of subsection (2) of section 80d (which provide for the above deductions) have not been amended to increase the limit from rs.15,000 to rs.25,000.
only for hindu undivided family, the deduction has been specified by substituting a new sub-section (3) to section 80d, he said.
according to baradwaj, the non-amendment of clauses (a) and (b) would lead to restriction of exemptions.
on the other hand, the explanations to the finance bill clearly states the hike in deduction limits for amount's paid towards medical insurance for self, family and parents.
there seems to be drafting lacuna or inadvertent omission in the proposed amendment to section 80d, inasmuch as the existing limit of rs. 15,000 for individual assesses as contained in section 80d(2)(a) remains untouched.
this would also be evident from the explanatory memorandum appended to the finance bill, 2015 in regard to the proposed amendment of section 80d, varadarajan said.
he hoped this anomaly would be set right at the time of passing the finance bill, by suitably amending section 80d.
baradwaj said the increase in service tax from 12.
36 percent to 14 percent would increase the cost of input services for insurance companies as well and consequently the cenvat credit.
alternative service tax rates for bundled life insurance products increased to 3.
5 percent for first year's premium and 1.
75 percent for renewal premiums, he added.
the life insurance sector has been completely ignored in the budget.
we expected a separate limit of rs.50,000 on pension plans, but not to be.
however, the finance minister has increased limit from rs.100,000 to rs.150,000 lakh in new pension scheme, said manoj kumar jain, ceo and whole time director, shriram life insurance company.
in fact the whole debate surrounding demonetisation proved wrong.
jaitley said indian economy also did not see any lack of demand due to demonetisation.
his statement was supported by the just-released manufacturing pmi which showed country's manufacturing sector had shown a robust growth for the fourth month in a row in april.
one of the key arguments against demonetisation was that it would impact the economy by about 2 percentage points and derail job creation.
but an industry report recently showed that india created 1,22,000 jobs in october-december quarter of 2016, the period when demonetisation was at its peak.
ecoscope report released by motilal oswal group late last month showed that employment generation in the third quarter (oct-dec) of 2016 was more than the previous six months (april-september) of the financial year 2016-17.
sectors such as manufacturing, construction, trade, transportation, hospitality, it, education and health saw the maximum jobs growth in the period.
these sectors employ more than 80  of india's population.
jaitley said the reforms under prime minister narendra modi-led government have also laid to rest the debate on 'whether economic reforms have a political cost'.
this debate has been going on in the country for decades and previous governments have often rolled back economic reforms due to .
.
.
cost.
the roll back always happened because reforms never reached the villages.
but today it is changing.
the villagers feel that they too are included in the reforms process and the debate is slowly disappearing, he said.
at the event, india's largest private sector bank icici bank announced it would transform 100 villages into 'digital villages in as many days.
new delhi, dec 29 (pti) 12:51 istformer solicitor general gopal subramanium, who is heading the commission of inquiry probing the alleged irregularities in ddca affairs, has written to national security advisor ajit doval, seeking names of competent officers to become part of the investigation.
i have written to him because he is the national security advisor.
apart from that, he is a very distinguished police officer.
.
.
he is in the position to identify who are competent people in various organisations and to send names of independent police officers who can investigate meticulously, he said.
the reason to seek his help is also his ability to judge if there is any issue relating to the security which i am very particular about in the matter as anything may come up during the investigation, he added.
the noted lawyer said that his request to doval is part of the enquiry procedure which calls for appropriate logistical infrastructure before beginning the probe.
i dont want my hindsight to feel that he (doval) was not sufficiently addressed in the beginning as he is a person who understands the ramifications correctly and that is why i wrote to him.
i cannot judge by my personal imagination who can be a competent person to investigate, he told a tv channel.
subramanium further said that he is neither in the department of personnel nor in the government to know about that.
i do not want to pick someone i know but only someone who is competent enough.
this is part of any enquiry procedure that you need to have logistical infrastructure in place to beginning the probe, he added.
however, subramanium did not clarify about the number of officers he has asked for.
yesterday, the former solicitor general had strongly pitched for live telecast of the proceedings to make it transparent.
subramanium said that he has asked for names of competent officers.
who and how many of them are appointed to the enquiry, a decision on it will be taken once i go through their details, he said.
formally accepting to head the commission to probe the alleged financial irregularities and wrongdoings in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca), subramanium had yesterday said that its formation was in tune with provisions in the constitution, notwithstanding lt governor najeeb jung's reservations over it.
asked about what will be his move if the enquiry panel is declared null and void by the centre, subramanium said, prima facie all the procedures have been followed in institution of the enquiry.
but still if something happens or somebody overturns it, i cannot refuse.
i am not here to fight or adjudge the defamation of the constitution.
i can proceed on basis of what has been granted to me and ensure that a transparent enquiry is held, he said.
the delhi cabinet, on december 21, approved setting up of the one-member commission of inquiry under subramanium to probe alleged irregularities in ddca.
the cricket body was headed by union finance minister arunjaitley for around 13 years till 2013.
new delhi, mar 29, 2017, (pti) 8:21 istthe historic goods and services tax (gst) regime today came a step closer to meet its july 1 target of rollout, with the lok sabha approving four supplementary legislations.
the central gst bill, 2017; the integrated gst bill, 2017; the gst (compensation to states) bill, 2017; and the union territory gst bill, 2017 were passed after negation of a host of amendments moved by the opposition parties.
he said the gst rates would depend upon whether the commodity is used by a rich person or a common man.
jaitley said once the new regime is implemented, the harassment of businesses by different authorities will end and india will be one rate for one commodity throughout the country.
he said the gst council, comprising finance ministers of union and states, had agreed to take a decision on bringing real estate within the ambit of the new tax regime within a year of its rollout.
when all of that is removed, goods will become slightly cheaper.
he said currently food articles are not taxed and those will continue to be zero rated under the gst.
all other commodities would be fitted into the nearest tax bracket.
the gst council has recommended a four-tier tax structure -- 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent.
on top of the highest slab, a cess will be imposed on luxury and demerit goods to compensate the states for revenue loss in the first five years of gst implementation.
however, the central gst (cgst) law has pegged the peak rate at 20 per cent and a similar rate has been prescribed in the state gst (sgst) law, which takes the peak rate to 40 per cent which will come into force only in financial exigencies.
jaitley said the cess would be transient for a period of 5 years so that the proceeds can be utilised to compensate the states.
touted as the biggest taxation reform since independence, gst will subsume central excise, service tax, vat and other local levies to create an uniform market.
gst is expected to boost gdp growth by about 2 per cent and check tax evasion.
jaitley said that gst council is working on the basis of consensus and slowly all items will come within the ambit of the new indirect tax regime, which will ensure free flow of goods and services throughout the country.
the hard work put in by gst council members and officers bore fruits today in terms of 4 classic pieces of legislation passed by the lok sabha, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia tweeted later.
adhia termed the passage of the four laws as a historic milestone in economic history of this country.
the bill will also improve tax compliance and ensure that assessees get input credit of the taxes paid.
to opposition questions as to why the government brought the legislations as 'money bills', arunjaitley cited the constitutional provisions and said that since 1950 all tax- related legislations were brought before parliament as money bill.
with regard to centralised registration to banks, the minister said the gst council will take a final decision in this regard.
elaborating on the anti-profiteering provisions, he said these are meant to ensure that the benefits of reduction in tax rates are passed on to the consumers and there should be no unjust enrichment.
responding to the concerns expressed by members on bringing agriculturists within the ambit of gst, he said the gst bill have provided a definition of agriculturists for the purpose of exemption from registration.
he further said most of the agricultural produce would continue to be zero rated and there should be no confusion about it.
as regards jammu and kashmir, the finance minister said the law passed by parliament will not apply to the state which will have to legislate its own law and integrate with the gst regime.
on the powers of cag to audit gst, the minister said that the official auditor draws its power from the constitution and the cag act and there was no need to mention it separately in the legislations.
jaitley also dismissed the contention that gst would erode the power of parliament and state legislatures to levy taxes.
he said the taxation powers would continue to be with the legislatures and would be used on the recommendations of the gst council.
under the new regime, sovereignity would be shared between the centre and the states.
the gst idea has created a grey area (with regard to power of centre and states).
.
.
taxes will be jointly imposed by centre and states, there will be one tax, he said, adding an expert committee has been appointed to remove bottlenecks relating to gst implementation.
allegations against arunjaitley based on facts: kejriwal to hcnew delhi, jan 12, 2016 (pti) 19:50 istdelhi cm arvind kejriwal today claimed that the allegations he had made against finance minister arunjaitley in the ddca row were based on true facts and documents in public domain and that his claim he has high public character was frivolous.
responding to a notice issued by the delhi high court on a civil defamation suit by arunjaitley against him and five other aap leaders, kejriwal said in a statement filed before the court registrar that he had made the allegations in public interest to eradicate corruption from sports.
senior advocate h s phoolka, lawyer for kejriwal, said the chief minister has said in a written statement that the allegations are true and have been in public domain for last many years.
the venture (ddca) did not take any steps to challenge these allegations for all this period.
it raises a presumption of truthfulness of these allegations, he claimed.
phoolka told reporters that the allegations are made in public interest to eradicate corruption from the field of sports.
aap's senior leader and party spokesperson, raghav chadha, also filed his response to the notice.
elaborating on the contents of his reply, he claimed that no injury has been caused to the reputation of jaitley.
he maintained that he and the chief minister have a similar stand and said that jaitley's claim that he enjoys a high public character is totally frivolous and unsustainable.
the last time he contested the election to the lok sabha was from amritsar as a bjp candidate in 2014.
despite the success of the bjp, this plaintiff lost by a margin of more than 1,00,000 votes.
indian democracy has never accepted his claim of public character, they said in their reply.
the high court on december 22 last year had sought the response of kejriwal, chadha, kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh and deepak bajpai--on a civil defamation suit by arunjaitley seeking rs 10 crore in damages from them for issuing allegedly false and defamatory statements against him and his family.
phoolka said they have submitted over 2000 pages of documents along with three cds in support of the allegations.
it is learnt they have annexed delhi and district cricket association's (ddca) annual meeting notings which as per the aap leaders establishes the allegations against jaitley.
they have also submitted ddca's minutes of meetings and phone records, phoolka said.
the counsel said that kejriwal has questioned why bjp mp kirti azad was not made a party to the suit.
jaitley's action had come in the backdrop of attacks on him by kejriwal and other aap leaders over alleged irregularities and financial bunglings in ddca of which he was the president for about 13 years till 2013.
the minister has also filed a criminal defamation complaint in a delhi court against kejriwal and the five aap leaders for making false allegations about financial irregularities in ddca.
three more complaints filed against bsylast updated: 24 january, 2011bangalore, jan 24, (pti) : 14:34 istthree more complaints were today filed against karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa and others in connection with alleged land scam cases even as the bjp is mulling a strategy to deal with the political situation arising out of the governor's sanction to prosecute him.
the complaints filed by advocate sirajin basha relate to the alleged illegal transfer of land, abuse of power, criminal conspiracy, cheating and securing of illegal gain for the kith and kin of the chief minister and those associated with him.
the chief minister has been named as common accused in all the three complaints filed in the 23rd additional city and civil sessions court and the two complaints filed yesterday.
the chief minister's son, in-laws, and companies that allegedly benefitted from the land deals were named as accused in the complaints.
as per the complaints, yeddyurappa and others had allegedly secured monetary gain of over rs 189 crore and caused a loss to the exchequer to the tune of over rs 465 crore.
sirajin basha is one of the two advocates on whose petitions governor h r bhardwaj gave the sanction for prosecution proceedings against yeddyurappa.
bjp had dubbed the sanction as constitutionally improper and politically motivated.
yeddyurappa had met senior leaders l k advani and arunjaitley in delhi yesterday to chalk out a strategy to deal with the political situation arising out of the governor's sanction to prosecute him for his alleged involvement in land scams.
bjp departs from practice, names sonowal as assam cm candidatenew delhi, jan 28, 2016 (pti) 21:05 istbjp today declared union minister sarbananda sonowal its chief ministerial candidate for the assam assembly polls, making a departure from its usual practice of not naming a leader for state elections.
the bjp parliamentary board made the decision in an hour-long meeting attended among others by prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah, its general secretary j p nadda told reporters.
the people of assam know sarbananda sonowal as a 'national hero'.
the parliamentary board has decided that the party will fight the assam polls in his leadership.
.
.
bjp is going to form its government in assam, nadda, accompanied by party's national secretary shrikant sharma, said.
the decision reflects a strategic shift in the party's approach to contesting state assembly elections after ignoring state leadership and excessive focus on central leaders was blamed by many for its debacle in bihar polls.
barring the delhi assembly polls, during which it had inducted kiran bedi into the party at the last minute and made her the chief ministerial candidate, bjp has not named a leader for state elections and instead sought votes in modi's name after he emerged as its preeminent leader and shah took over as its president.
asked if the party will name chief ministerial candidates for other poll-bound states as well, nadda said the issue was not deliberated upon today and a decision will be taken later.
sonowal (53) currently holds independent charge of sports and youth affairs ministry.
sonowal was all assam students union president and agp leader before joining bjp in 2011.
he headed the party's assam unit before he was made a minister in the narendra modi government.
he was appointed assam bjp chief in november.
among the five states going to polls in a few months, assam offers the best hope to the saffron outfit after it emerged as the single largest party there during the lok sabha elections in 2014.
in the meeting, the board led by modi felicitated shah following his election as the party president for a fresh term with the prime minister hoping that he will lead it to more successes in the future.
sonowal's announcement came following a meeting of bjp leaders involved with the state's campaign earlier in the day.
a similar meeting of the leaders tasked with the campaign in west bengal was also held.
shah headed both the meetings during which they deliberated upon the electroal strategy.
bjp will fight all the state elections with full force and emerge stronger in a big way.
.
.
bjp is going to form its government in assam, nadda said.
all the board's members, including union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley , sushma swaraj, nitin gadkari, m venkaiah naidu, ananth kumar besides modi, shah and nadda among others attended the meeting.
shekhar iyer, new delhi, jun 13 2017, 20:58 ista bjp committee comprising union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu will meet congress president sonia gandhi before this weekend for consultations on the presidential election.
as a first step for evolving a consensus, the panel is expected to seek the views of the congress president and later other opposition leaders on the names they have in mind.
later, in subsequent rounds, the panel may propose what the nda leaders have in mind, bjp officials said.
leaders of top opposition parties will meet here on wednesday to work out their strategy.
this will be the first meeting of the 10-member group set up after sonia gandhi held consultations with other opposition leaders.
even though prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah have zeroed in on some names, the final call on the candidate could be taken on the basis of response of the opposition parties and senior bjp leaaders, they said.
already, shah has been sounding out to members of the party's parliamentary board, the highest decision making body of bjp, about the broad considerations before the party for the selection of person to succeed president pranab mukherjee, whose term ends next month.
among the names on the bjp's list, those of former punjab chief minister and akali leader parkash singh badal, jharkhand governor droupadi murumu, and union social justice and empowerment minister thawar chand gehlot are said to be ranked high, party officials said.
badal's name was taken up for consideration as some bjp leaders thought that he could command wide support across the political spectrum because of his close ties withe such parties like the dmk and the janata dal(united).
as a dalit leader from madhya pradesh, the union social justice and empowerment minister's name had cropped up during several discussions.
similarly, draupadi is a santhal tribal from odisha.
many bjp officials believe that these candidates would not be rejected by the opposition, which has adopted a wait and watch approach.
the names that are on the opposition leaders' mind include former west bengal governor gopalkrishna gandhi as those of former speaker meira kumar and former defence minister sharad pawar.
after his visits to meet home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arunjaitley , shah went to the residence of urban development minister venkaiah naidu on tuesday.
later, naidu said the bjp would talk to all political parties to evolve a broad consensus on presidential nominee in the true spirit of democracy.
we have started internal consultations.
we are the ruling party and we have to taken everyone on board and work towards evolving a broad consensus (for a presidential nominee) and seek their support, naidu said.
naidu, however, added that his appeal to all is that they should go by the mandate of the people which is for this government.
the poll to elect the next president will be held on july 17 and counting will take place on july 20.
the term of incumbent pranab mukherjee ends on july 24 and that of vice president m hamid ansari on august 10.
meanwhile, the government set up a committee of secretaries headed by cabinet secretary p k sinha to oversee arrangements for the swearing-in of the new president around june 25.
the nomination process is being opened by the election commission from wednesday.
new delhi, jan 4, 2016, (pti): 13:17 istprime minister narendra modi today presided over a high-level meeting to discuss the ongoing operation at pathankot air base to flush out holed up terrorists and the attack on indian consulate in afghanistan.
top security officials, including nsa ajit doval, are learnt to have briefed modi on the ongoing operation in pathankot as well as the terror strike at the indian consulate in mazar-i-sharif yesterday.
finance minister arunjaitley and defence minister manohar parrikar, both members of the cabinet committee on security, were also present at the meeting.
soon after returning from his two-day visit to karnataka, modi had chaired a similar meeting last night of top officials, including doval and foreign secretary s jaishankar.
the operation against militants holed up at the air base entered the third day today after explosions and firing continued intermittently overnight.
security forces had yesterday killed one of the at least two terrorists on the second day of the attack in which seven security personnel lost their lives, including a lieutenant colonel of the nsg.
four terrorists were eliminated on saturday when they had struck at the air base.
'soft loans to nepal'new delhi, mar 4, 2017, dhns: 1:21 istindia stands ready to make available more soft loans to nepal for new infrastructure projects, which would enable the neighbouring country to grow at a fast pace, finance minister arunjaitley conveyed to the nepalese government during his visit to kathmandu.
jaitley called on nepal president bidya devi bhandari and prime minister pushpa kamal dahal prachanda' during his visit to kathmandu on thursday and friday.
he conveyed to them that india is ready to invest in projects like the kathmandu-nijgadh fast-track road, the second international airport at nijgadh and the koshi high dam in nepal, according to a press release issued by the ministry of finance on friday.
jaitley also announced that nepal would soon get exchange facilities for the demonetised high-value indian currency notes to ease difficulties faced by nepalese citizens.
he said that the nepal rastra bank (nrb) and the reserve bank of india (rbi) would set a modality of exchange soon.
mangaluru, feb 3, 2017, dhns: 0:05 ist'parameshwara is the right candidate'if congress party has to survive, then a person belonging to dalit community has to be made the chief minister, congress senior leader b janardhana poojary said.
he told reporters on thursday: home minister g parameshwara is the right candidate for the chief ministers post and people too will love to have him as the chief minister.
but some leaders in the party are doing circus to stop him from becoming the chief minister.
there is shani kaata within the party.
he also said chief minister siddaramaiah has been ignoring the party workers though they built the party.
he has been ignoring the original congressmen, poojary criticised.
citing a tv channels report, he said that the us is preparing itself for the world war iii and if it happens, then india will be nowhere.
at a time when the us and china are building bunkers to survive, india is doing nothing, he said.
to a query on budget, poojary said finance minister arunjaitley is trying to satisfy all.
but no government can satisfy all, he said.
he said 130 taluks in the state have been declared as drought-hit.
the state has not received any significant contribution from the centre for drought relief though it has a number of elected parliamentarians, he criticised.
raje supported in writing my immigration plea in uk:lalit modinew delhi, jun 16, 2015 (pti) 10:18 istlalit modi, former ipl chief, tonight made explosive claims that rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje had supported in writing his immigration plea in britain and that he has a family relationship with external affairs minister sushma swaraj whose husband and daughter had provided legal services free of cost.
holidaying in the tiny balkan nation of montenegro, modi told rajdeep sardesai of india today tv channel in an interview that raje had accompanied his wife to portugal for her cancer treatment two years ago.
raje became chief minister of rajasthan for the second time in december 2013.
the comments of the tainted former ipl commissioner assume significance because it came hours after it was reported that raje had given a witness statement in august 2011 to british authorities supporting his case for immigration in britain which he has made his base after fleeing from india where he faces serious charges of money laundering and fema violations.
raje's purported witness statement was made public earlier in the day on behalf of the modi camp but later tonight the chief minister said she was not aware of this document.
of course i know the family.
i have always known them.
.
.
(but) i do not know what documents they are talking about, she told reporters in jaipur.
in the interview modi said, my relationship with vasundhara raje goes back 30 years.
that relationship is known to everybody.
she is a close friend of the family and my wife for a long time.
.
.
she openly agreed to be (to be a witness), but unfortunately by the time the case went to trial, she was already chief minister, so she did not come to become a witnes.
the statements she gave is all on records in the courts.
raje and sushma supported me when my wife was sick, he said.
it was a family, a legal whatever you may call it.
we were very close.
but the point is not that.
.
.
i am very close to a lot of politicians, not only mrs swaraj.
.
.
, modi said when asked about his relationship with sushma swaraj.
my wife was being taken to portugal by whom, by mrs vasundhara raje.
nobody knows that, i am putting that on record now, modi said, adding she accompanied his wife minal in 2012 and 2013.
the surfacing of the witness statement gave a new twist to the controversy surrounding external affairs minister sushma swaraj's help to modi to seek british travel documents.
i did ask her(swaraj) help, modi said, adding that he would have made a similar plea to any other external affairs minister in office.
i know swaraj kaushal(sushma's husband) for 20 years.
he has been my advocate for 20 years.
.
.
his daughter bansuri had been my advocate for four years, he said, adding that their services had been provided free of cost.
the witness statement came into circulation just hours after finance minister arunjaitley backed swaraj saying whatever she had done was in good faith and bona fide.
the document had a confidentiality clause in which raje purportedly supported modi's case but did not want it to be revealed to indian authorities.
swaraj found herself at the centre of a political firestorm after the uk-based sunday times reported a leaked conversation between influential labour mp keith vaz and head of uk visas and immigration sarah rapson that cited swaraj to facilitate travel documents for lalit modi.
the tv channel also quoted modi having told it that he was also helped by ncp leaders sharad pawar and praful patel and congress leader rajiv shukla.
shukla said he had not talked to modi for three years while pawar said he tried to convince the former ipl chief to return to india and face investigations.
to a question, modi said he was not travelling to india because of security concerns.
asked about his holiday in the famous ibiza resort three days after the surgery of his wife, modi said the family decided to celebrate because the revolutionary treatment received at the portugal medical centre helped her because the liver cancer she was suffering from was in the final stage.
modi said he had done no wrong and has always gone by the book and that he has paid all his dues.
modi said he has been taken to task by the previous upa government and asserted he was no fugitive.
he also accused the upa government of making him a target of political vendetta in the aftermath of congress leader shashi tharoor losing his ministerial job following the ipl scam.
modi started the interview, which was conducted on the shores of the adriatic coast, with a remark that he lived life kingsize.
bjp has opened 'lalit kala academy' to defend ex-ipl boss: congnew delhi, june 24, 2015, (pti) 16:27 isttaking a potshot at bjp over 'lalitgate', congress today said that the ruling party has opened a lalit kala academy to defend the black deeds of the controversial former ipl boss.
it seems bjp has opened a lalit kala academy to train its spokespersons in how to defend lalit modi, party spokesman tom vadakkan told reporters here.
noting that bjp spokesperson gvl narasimha rao had dubbed lalit modi as a victim, vadakkan said if the argument was taken to its logical conclusion, then it meant that modi needed protection.
however, he added that another bjp leader, member of parliament rk singh, has described modi as a fugitive.
finance minister arunjaitley has given a clean chit to dushyant singh, son of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, but had toned down his remarks after a public outcry, vadakkan further stated.
saying that union minister nitin gadkari has given a clean chit to raje, the congress spokesman claimed all this has exposed the utter confusion within bjp on the lalitgate issue.
which is the reason why it has opened the lalit kala academy, he said.
external affairs minister sushma swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping modi procure travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
modi, 49, travelled to london in 2010 after the indian premier league became embroiled in allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting.
amit shah is new bjp presidentnew delhi, july 8, 2014, dhns: 3:13 istthe suspense over elevating amit shah, a confidant of prime minister narendra modi, as the new bjp president is expected to end on wednesday after the partys parliamentary board gives its nod.
shah, the current party general secretary, will replace rajnath singh, who cannot hold dual charge after joining the modi cabinet as union home minister.
though shah was the front-runner for the top party post, given his strong organisational skills that helped the bjp put up a splendid show in uttar pradesh during the lok sabha polls, the final shove came after the rss decided against vetoing modis choice, said party sources.
the party norm that the prime minister and the party chief should not hail from the same state has been overlooked due to modis wish to get shah into the saddle.
rajnath singh has convened a meeting of the parliamentary board, which is the highest decision making body, to convey his decision to quit the presidents post and appoint shah as his successor.
the board has to ratify the decision of singh, who was re-elected as the bjp chief in january 2013 after his predecessor, nitin gadkari, resigned owing to corruption charges he was facing.
shah would be president for the remaining period of more than three years out of the five-year tenure that an elected president like singh is entitled to, party sources said.
a bjp leader is allowed two terms as party president.
though shah is facing charges of fake encounter killings during his tenure as home minister of gujarat state under modis chief ministership, his choice for the party presidentship got a major push after rajnath singh, nitin gadkari and arunjaitley together favoured him, diminishing the chances of another strong contender, general secretary j p nadda.
shahs petition for being discharged in the tulsi prajapati encounter case will be heard by a mumbai court in mid-august.
bjp slams 'two-faced' aap, mocks 'self character certificate'new delhi, jun 15, 2015 (pti) 13:20 istattacking aam aadmi party over the fake degree row and domestic violence case against its mlas, delhi bjp today said that the self character certificate given by the ruling party to its members has fallen flat.
today, we see two faces of aap.
one was before the assembly polls.
the second is what we see today.
.
.
they had issued self character certificates to its members which have now fallen flat, delhi bjp chief satish upadhyay told reporters here.
he said aap has been following the principle that all its members are clean and those in the opposition are characterless.
upadhyay was referring to the controversy which has erupted over the alleged fake degrees of former delhi law minister jitender singh tomar and the domestic violence accusations levelled against malviya nagar mla somnath bharti by his wife.
referring to the claims made by the arvind kejriwal government, the bjp leader demanded that it should come out with details of officers held for corruption.
their hoardings across the city say 35 officials have been arrested for graft.
only two belong to mcd who were arrested on smaller charges.
who are the others?
they belong to the delhi government.
but where are the details?
he asked.
he also charged that the state government was defaming the mcd.
upadhyay was speaking after the launch of four mobile dispensaries of the south delhi municipal corporation by finance minister arunjaitley at his official residence.
jaitley said that although the cost of health services in delhi is lower than in some other places, the poor may still find medical expenses to be a burden.
the sdmc is already running 10 such mobile dispensaries in various zones.
4-month window for domestic black money holders to come cleannew delhi, feb 29, 2016 (pti) 15:01 istgovernment today came out with one time four-month compliance window for domestic black money holders to come clean by paying tax and penalty of 45 per cent.
i want to give an opportunity to earlier non-compliant to move to the category of compliant.
i propose a limited period compliance window for domestic tax payers to declare undisclosed income represented in any form of assets and clear up past transgression by paying tax at 30 per cent, a surcharge at 7.
5 per cent, a penalty at 7.
there will be no scrutiny or inquiry regarding tax in these declaration under income tax act or wealth tax act and declarations will have immunity from prosecution.
immunity from benami transaction has been proposed subject to certain conditions, he said.
the government plans to open the compliance window under the income tax disclosure scheme from june 1 to september 30 2016 with option to pay amount due within 2 months of declaration.
in the last budget, the government had come out with similar compliance window for people holding undisclosed assets abroad.
he, however said that tax evasion will be countered strongly.
capability of the tax department to detect tax evasion has improved because of enhanced access to information and availability of technology, the minister said.
jaitley further said the surcharge levied on undisclosed income called 'krishi kalyan surcharge' will be used for agriculture and rural economy.
we plan to open window under the income tax disclosure scheme from june 1 to september 30, 2016, with option to pay amount due within two months of declaration.
our government is fully committed to removing black money from economy.
.
.
new delhi, mar 13, 2017, (pti) 16:03 istfinance minister arunjaitley was today given the additional charge of the defence ministry after manohar parrikar resigned to take on the new role of goa chief minister.
a rashtrapati bhawan communique said that the resignation of parrikar as the defence minister, on advice of prime minister narendra modi, has been accepted with immediate effect.
further, as advised by the prime minister, the president has directed that arunjaitley , cabinet minister, shall be assigned the charge of the ministry of defence, in addition to his existing portfolios, the communique said.
parrikar submitted his resignation after bjp staked claim to form an alliance government in goa.
he will be sworn in as the chief minister of goa tomorrow heading the bjp-led ministry which has the support of regional outfits and independents.
this is the second time that arunjaitley is holding the additional portfolio of defence ministry during the present nda government.
he was incharge of the ministry earlier from may 26 to november 9 in 2014.
the chief minister's office has not been raided.
the raid has nothing to do with arvind kejriwal or his tenure.
there is a corruption case against an officer of delhi government.
the raid is in relation to that officer.
an angry opposition however forced three adjournments in the house over the issue by shouting slogans, alleging an attack on federal structure and an undeclared emergency in the country.
jaitley, the leader of the house, also said that the case against the officer related to a period before kejriwal's tenure.
attacking the government over the issue, derek o'brien (tmc) alleged that this was an undeclared emergency in the country that the office of delhi chief minister was being raided.
this is not a party issue.
this is about the federal structure of the country.
this is a federal issue, o'brien said as some tmc members shouted slogans and entered the well.
members of left parties and jd-u were also standing in their seats when the issue was raised.
congress members, who had earlier forced an adjournment in the house raising questions over arunachal pradesh governor's role, again trooped into the well raising anti- government slogans.
jaitley said the tmc leader has not been correctly informed on the raid and insisted that corruption is not an issue of federalism.
as the din continued, deputy chairman p j kurien adjourned the house till noon.
when the house reassembled, o'brien again raked up the issue saying there has been a raid in the precincts of the chief minister's office.
jaitley retorted saying that the tmc member earlier said that the chief minister's office was raided and has now changed it to the precincts of the cm's office.
you are camouflaging corruption, he said wondering whether corruption was a federal issue for trinamool congress.
accusing the government of murdering constitution, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said save the elected non-bjp state governments from this bjp government (at centre), as congress members kept shouting slogans like stop the murder of democracy and stop the murder of constitution.
government itself is putting hurdles in the functioning of the house.
a chief minister's office is being raided during the session.
this government does not want to run parliament, the leader of opposition said.
as the din continued chairman hamid ansari adjourned the house twice.
when the house reassembled at noon, ansari asked the members to take up the question hour, but some congress members kept raising slogans from the aisles.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi sought cooperation of the members in running the house and suggested to the chair that rajya sabha could function till midnight to finish its business.
k c tyagi (jd-u) also raised the issue of cbi raids, but could not be heard amid the din.
ansari then adjourned the house till 2 pm.
kejriwal, who is involved in a prolonged tussle with the centre, has claimed that the cbi has raided his office and launched a no-holds barred attack on prime minister narendra modi, saying he was resorting to cowardice.
oppn walkout over bjp moves to form govt in goa, manipurnew delhi, mar 14, 2017 (pti) 16:58 istcongress leader mallikarjun kharge speaks in the lok sabha on the first day of the second part of the budget session of parliament in new delhi on thursday.
pti photocongress and its upa allies in the lok sabha today strongly protested the alleged efforts to install bjp government in goa and manipur, with the main opposition party walking out of the house twice.
a belligerent congress repeatedly sought to raise the issue, including during question hour, but speaker sumitra mahajan did not give them permission.
bjp's efforts to form governments in goa and manipur despite not being the single largest party in the latest assembly polls in both states is being opposed by the congress.
members of congress, ncp and rjd raised the issue during question hour.
congress leader in the house mallikarjun kharge claimed that democracy was being murdered.
when the speaker said she would not allow the question hour to be disrupted and members should raise such matters in the zero hour, kharge said if they are not allowed to raise the issue in the house, where else would they go.
the speaker said nothing beyond the questions and answers will be allowed to go on record.
the congress, ncp and rjd members then staged a walkout.
after coming back to the house, the congress members again sought to raise the issue when zero hour was not taken up and legislative business started.
when kharge sought to raise the issue of the goa governor inviting the bjp for government formation, mahajan said you cannot discuss about the governor.
.
.
it is a constitutional authority.
congress members then staged their second walk out of the day at around 1240 hours.
the congress, which is the single largest party in both the states, has alleged that the bjp is moving against the law and precedent in forming their governments in goa and manipur.
cong attacks bjp over kirti azad's suspensionnew delhi, dec 23, 2015, (pti) 19:13 istcongress leader digvijay singh today took a dig at the bjp in the wake kirti azad's suspension from the party and asked whether shatrughan sinha would be next on the firing line.
kirti azad suspended by bjp.
his crime?
raised issue of corruption in ddca with facts.
is this going to be the fate of all those in the bjp who raise issue of corruption?
first ram jethmalani and now kirti.
next shatrughan sinha?
singh said on twitter.
the congress' reaction came after bjp mp and former cricketer kirti azad was today suspended by party chief amit shah for publicly targeting finance minister arunjaitley with allegations of irregularities in delhi's cricket body ddca.
congress spokesman gaurav gogoi also tweeted: where is zero tolerance against corruption?
pm modi protecting the accused - first vyapam, then lalit modi, then pds scam.
now ddca scam #kirtiazad.
jaitley for freehand to ministers, bureaucrats on social medianew delhi, aug 6 2016, (pti) 17:40 istfinance minister arunjaitley today advocated for freehand to ministers and bureaucrats to express themselves on social media to make government functioning transparent.
his comments at the event to mark second anniversary of mygov app came against the backdrop of the department of personnel and training (dopt) recently issuing draft service rules proposing to allow bureaucrats to participate freely on social media websites like facebook, twitter and linkedin but criticism of government will still be a no-no.
the draft rules bar officers from making criticism of government on television, social media or any other communication application by any means, including a caricature.
but one strong asset which the social media has provided you is that before you reach that one decision there are multiple opinions which come.
social media providers alternate view points, criticisms, comments and suggestions, he said.
therefore in a transparent government system, i see nothing wrong in civil servants expressing themselves freely, ministers expressing themselves freely.
airing opinion freely is how consultation process should take place.
eventually the decision has to be one.
speaking about advantages of social media, he said previously only big metropolitan cities were looked at for opinion or suggestions but today with the advent of social media, opinions are freely available from schools, colleges, tier ii, iii and even downwards.
the youth are more informed.
in the last few days .
.
.
we have passed two important laws which are being discussed worldwide -- gst and bankruptcy law.
behind this unanimity was public pressures and pressure of public opinion build through social media and news media, he said, adding the print, electronic and social media played important role in forming opinion.
the minister said helping schemes reach last mile, all mediums should be used.
if there is a way to use social media, then the help of local administration is also important.
citing the example of the hugely important crop insurance scheme, he said all mediums - local and state administration, radio and social media should be used to help reach the scheme to all farmers.
government should not leave any medium and social media is cost effective, he said.
jaitley said narendra modi had set an example of communicating via social media even before he came to delhi as prime minister.
there was a time when we did public rallies, then came radio, television media and then came social media whose cost is low and impact is more, he said, adding it empowers all and increases accountability.
there is an app, he said, which provides updates on villages that have been electrified under government programme to electricity all villages in the country.
similarly, the external affairs ministry is effectively using the social media to connect with people and help the ones in distress when abroad, he said.
new delhi, feb 1, 2017, (pti) 19:58 istin a pre-poll budget aimed at softening the demonetisation blow, finance minister arunjaitley today halved the basic income tax rate to 5 per cent and lowered rate for small companies while boosting spending on rural employment, agriculture and infrastructure.
creating history, the minister presented a merged railway and general budget after advancing the dates by a month that provides a record outlay of rs 3,96,135 crore for infrastructure schemes besides a capital expenditure of rs 1.
3 lakh crore on railways and rs 64,000 crore on highways.
the budget seeks to provide a record rs 10 lakh crore in loans to farmers, boost funds for rural employment guarantee programme, bring one crore households out of poverty and promised to build one crore houses by 2019 for the homeless ahead of the crucial elections in five states including uttar pradesh and punjab.
in view of the fact that the proposed gst is expected to be rolled out soon, he left indirect taxes largely untouched except for some changes in duties on tobacco products, solar panels and circuit for mobile phones.
while excise duty on pan masala has been hiked to 9 per cent from 6 per cent currently and that on unmanufactured tobacco to 8.
3 per cent from 4.
2 per cent, the same on filter and non-filter cigarettes of all length was also hiked.
mobile phones will be costlier with the budget proposing a 2 per cent special auxiliary duty on import of populated printed circuit boards (pcbs).
while the income tax rate for income between rs 2.
5 lakh and rs 5 lakh has been lowered to 5 per cent, a 10 per cent surcharge has been slapped on income between rs 50 lakh and rs 1 crore.
the 15 per cent surcharge on income above rs 1 crore will continue.
while the surcharge alone would net rs 2,700 crore a year, his give away on direct tax proposals will result in a loss of rs 15,500 crore.
the change in the personal income tax rate for individual assessees would reduce the tax liability of all persons below rs 5 lakh to either to zero (with rebate) or 50 per cent of their existing liability.
in order not to have duplication of benefit, the existing benefit of rebate available to them is being reduced to rs 2,500 available only to assessees up to income of rs 3.
5 lakh.
while the taxation liability of people with income up to rs 5 lakh is being reduced to half, all other categories of tax payers in the subsequent slabs will also get a uniform benefit of rs 12,500 per person.
in the case of senior citizens above 60 years, there will be no tax up to rs 3 lakh, while the exemption will be up to rs 5 lakh in case of citizens above 80 years.
both the categories will attract income tax of 20 per cent on income between rs 5 lakh and rs 10 lakh and 30 per cent for income above rs 10 lakh.
against the backdrop of demonetisation intended to eliminate black money and introduce clean transactions, the budget barred any transaction in cash above rs 3 lakh.
as a measure of transparency in political funding, he lowered to one-tenth the donation that political parties can accept in cash to rs 2,000 per donor.
also bearer electoral bonds will be introduced which a donor can buy from a scheduled bank through cheque or e-mode, for making donations.
the finance minister expressed confidence that the pace of remonetisation has picked up and would soon reach comfortable levels with effects not expected to spillover into the next fiscal.
this will boost economic activity with multiplier effect, he said in his nearly two hour long budget speech.
quoting from preliminary data, the minister said during the 50-day window provided to deposit the junked notes, deposits between rs 2 lakh and rs 80 lakh were made in about 1.
09 crore accounts with an average deposit size of rs 5.
03 lakh.
deposits of more than 80 lakh were made in 1.
48 lakh accounts with average deposit size of rs 3.
31 crores.
this data mining will help us immensely in expanding the tax net as well as increasing the revenues, which was one of the objectives of demonetisation, he said.
the finance minister ruled out abolition of minimum alternate tax (mat) on companies but allowed larger period of 15 years instead of 10 years for setting of mat payments.
he lowered the corporate tax on companies with turnover of less than rs 50 crore to 25 per cent from 30 per cent, a move that will benefit 6.
67 lakh firms out of 6.
94 lakh companies that file returns.
this would lead to a revenue loss of rs 7,200 crore per annum to the government.
budget put the fiscal deficit at 3.
2 per cent of gdp in 2017-18, smaller than the current year's 3.
5 per cent but wider than the previous target of 3 per cent.
it will shrink to 3 per cent in the year through march 2019 instead of 2018.
the budget accorded low-cost housing infrastructure status, gave tax relief for overseas investors in some bonds and scrapped foreign investment promotion board (fipb) to make it easier for doing business in india.
besides, rs 10,000 crore will be injected into state- owned banks as capital in the coming fiscal as compared to rs 25,000 crore budgeted for the current year.
new delhi, dec 18, 2015 (pti) 15:03 istthe aap today put five specific questions to finance minister arunjaitley relating to its allegations of corruption in delhi's cricket body ddca under his watch and accused him of giving vague response to the charges.
calling arunjaitley a master of half truth and beautiful lies, aap leader ashutosh made certain fresh allegations against the finance minister and said his comments that there was no specific charges against him was misleading.
jaitley has strongly rejected the allegations calling them a propaganda technique of kejriwal to deflect attention when he himself was in the dock following a cbi raid in delhi secretariat.
addressing a press conferencehere, ashutosh accused ddca of allowing private firm 21st century to sub-lease 10 corporate boxes at feroz shah kotla stadium and claimed the firm owned by a friend of arunjaitley was extended financial benefit to the tune of over rs 5 crore for the deal.
the aap leader asked arunjaitley to clarify who were members of the 21st century and whether it had any of his kin.
the aap leader also accused arunjaitley of putting pressure on ongc to give an amount of rs 5 crore to hockey india and sought to know what was the reason behind it.
alleging huge financial bungling in reconstruction of the feroz shah kotla stadium, the aap leader said although public sector entity epil was paid rs 57 crore for the project the remaining rs 57 crore out of the total expenditure of rs 114 crore was distributed among nine companies.
the registered address, e-mail and directors of these companies were same.
did arunjaitley know about these companies and is it not corruption, asked the aap leader.
on jaitley's comments that the sfio report had absolved him, ashutosh said the finance minister hid the fact that punishment for offences mentioned by the central agency included imprisonment.
we had raised specific questions and arunjaitley gave vague answers.
that is why we are coming out with five specific questions for him, aap leader sanjay singh said.
the aap leaders also asked arunjaitley to tell about his relationship with hockey india chief narendra batra.
they said delhi government last month had set up committee to probe irregularities in ddca after getting a communication in this regard from union sports ministry.
they said home ministry had communicated to sports ministry about irregularities in ddca following which it wrote to delhi government.
following a cbi raid in delhi secretariat in connection with charges against chief minister arvind kejriwal's principal secretary rajendra kumar, aap has been claiming that the central agency carried out the searches to target the aap chief and was looking for a file relating to graft in ddca.
since then, the party has been demanding resignation of arunjaitley from the union cabinet.
govt may nudge bankers to delay decision on transaction chargesnew delhi, mar 4, 2017, dhns: 2:12 istthe government may nudge bankers to wait for sometime before imposing a fee on cash transactions beyond a certain limit.
some private sector banks have informed their customers that they will impose transaction charges after four or five transactions.
we will talk to banking management.
though the government has not issued any directive to public sector banks, government-owned banks, too, will resort to the practice from april 1.
the countrys largest public sector lender, state bank of india, said that it has already levied rs 50 beyond three transactions, and will renew the same from april 1.
the oriental bank of commerce, however, resorted to the practice from march 1.
withdrawals from atms are also likely to be charged in the same way as it existed before demonetisation.
while sbi allows 10 free transactions from its atms, others give concession up to four or five.
it is not yet clear whether the government will ask bankers to completely withdraw the charges or increase the limit of transactions beyond which the levy should apply, but officials said arunjaitley may ask them to give people more time to get used to digital transactions.
the confederation of all india traders has called the proposed levy a type of financial terrorism, adding that putting people through hardship was not the way to promote digital transactions.
new delhi, dec 21, 2015 (pti) 22:19 istnoted criminal lawyer ram jethmalani will represent delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal in the civil and criminal defamation suits filed against him by finance minister arun jaitley.
jaitley today filed both civil and criminal defamation cases against kejriwal and five other aap leaders for allegedly defaming him and sought rs 10 crores in damages and their prosecution for offences that entails a punishment of upto two years in jail.
ram jethmalani will appear before court for chief minister arvind kejriwal, a senior official of the chief minister's office told pti.
the official said kejriwal will seek day-to-day hearing in the case.
earlier, a defiant kejriwal asserted that the aam aadmi party will not be scared by defamation suits against him and other aap leaders by arunjaitley and asked him to prove his innocence before the one-man commission of inquiry announced by delhi government to probe alleged irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association.
the chief minister also slammed bjp for protecting the finance minister despite facing charges of alleged irregularities during his tenure as ddca chief for around 13 years till 2013.
i would have taken resignation if there were so much evidence against any of my ministers as i had taken the resignation of jitender singh tomar and asim khan.
bjp is shamelessly defending jaitley.
by filing defamation case, arunjaitley is trying to hurt himself.
he is caught in his own web, kejriwal said in a series of tweets.
jaitley should not try to scare us by filing cases against us.
our battle against corruption shall continue.
jaitley ji should cooperate with the commission of inquiry and prove his innocence there, kejriwal tweeted.
the chief minister's decision to brazen it out became clear last night itself as the other aap leaders named by arunjaitley in his defamation suit had stuck to their guns and continued to target the finance minister.
setting aside his ministerial responsibilities, arunjaitley ji is making the rounds of the courts.
but we won't let the matter get buried this time around.
we will continue to hold him corrupt in ddca affairs, aap leader sanjay singh said.
'exempt low-price biscuits from gst'march 9, 2017, new delhi, dhns 21:34 istmore than 240 small scale units manufacturing the ubiquitous glucose biscuits may face closure if the government decides to tax the healthy nutrition source of the poor at a higher rate.
the biscuit manufacturers welfare association (bmwa) has petitioned finance minister arunjaitley to exempt low price high nutrition glucose, marie and milk biscuits from the ambit of goods and services tax.
we have no objection if premium biscuits  sold at rs 100 kg and above  are put in the 18  tax bracket, said mayank shah, vice president of the biscuit manufacturers welfare association.
as per the current tax regime, the government does not charge any excise duty on biscuits that are priced below rs 100 per kg.
but various state governments levy a value added tax of up to 12.
5 .
low priced biscuits account for 52   of the total 36 lakh tonnes of biscuits production annually.
in terms of value rs 13,850 crore worth low price biscuits are sold every year as against the rs 22,150 crore turnover of the premium variety.
we operate at very low margins ranging between 2  and 3 .
these are easily washed out by a surge in sugar, wheat and vegetable oil prices, haresh doshi, president of the bmwa said.
the bmwa said as many as 240 big factories that manufacture only low priced biscuits will be forced to down shutters if the government decides to tax them at higher rates.
glucose biscuits were retailing at rs 40 per kg in 1996 and after 20 years cost rs 70 per kg.
there has been an increase of 225  in input costs, but we have passed on only 75  to the consumer, doshi said.
contending that their biscuits are hygenically produced, he said any hike in the prices on account of high taxes would lead to a shift in demand to poor substitutes that are manufactured without adherance to quality and nutrition norms.
doshi argued that the biscuit industry contributes rs 3000 crore to the exchequer annually and in no way want to shirk from the responsibility.
but, premium biscuits such as oatmeal, cream, cheese and dry fruit cannot be taxed at par with low-priced biscuits, doshi said.
pm's office finalising i-t goodiesjan 11, 2017, new delhi, dhns 2:25 istministry readies 3 slabsthe government is preparing to sweeten the upcoming budget by exempting more income from tax.
the exemptions are being decided by the prime minister's office, sources told dh.
the coffers are enjoying a bounty in tax revenue, despite demonetisation slowing down the economy.
the finance ministry has sent three proposals to the pmo, detailing the implications of raising the income tax exemption limit to rs 3.
5 lakh, rs 4.
5 lakh and rs 5 lakh, sources said.
at present, incomes of up to rs 2.
5 lakh a year are exempted from any tax.
the threshold for senior citizens is rs 3 lakh.
for those above 80, it is rs 5 lakh.
officials described this as a sensitive year, since citizens have suffered hardship in the wake of demonetisation.
the government is treading cautiously on the tax exemption question.
the prime ministers office wants to thoroughly analyse each proposal, an official said.
01  higher than the collections for last year.
indirect tax collections are higher by 24 .
factoring in the robust revenues as also the inflation, tax consultant deloitte has suggested to the government doubling of the exemption to rs 5 lakh.
it will place more money in the hands of consumers resulting in demand pick-up.
also, the increase in the slab limit will kick-start savings, which will ultimately lead to increase in investment in the system, its pre-budget expectations survey report said.
sources said the government might also cut corporate income tax rates by up to 1.
5 .
cheering newsthe pmo is looking at the implications of exempting tax on annual incomes of up to rs 3.
5 lakh, rs 4.
5 lakh and rs 5 lakh.
incomes of up to rs 2.
5 lakh a year are now exempted from tax.
tax consultant deloitte has suggested to the government doubling of the exemption to rs 5 lakhthe government may also cut corporate income tax rates by up to 1.
rahul rips apart modi govtmarch 03, 2016, new delhi, dhns 20:17 istcong vice-president flays pm's 'fair and lovely' schemea combative rahul gandhi on wednesday took on prime minister narendra modi on a host of issues in the lok sabha accusing him of proposing a unique fair and lovely scheme to legitimise black money.
in his 30-minute wit-and-sarcasm-laden speech in the lok sabha, rahul ripped into modis surprise visit to pakistan, the jnu row, claims of clinching the naga peace accord and failure to fulfil promises made ahead of the lok sabha elections.
he was speaking in the lok sabha on the motion of thanks on the presidents address.
he also likened the prime minister to controversial yugoslavian president slobodan milosevic, who faced trial for war crimes and genocide, and also to yahaya khan, the military ruler of pakistan, who presided over civil unrest that led to the creation of bangladesh in 1971.
rahul said that modi personally took pakistan out of the little cage the upa had managed to put it into through frenetic diplomacy after the mumbai terror attack of 2008.
by having a chai pe charcha with (pakistan premier) nawaz sharif, the prime minister single-handedly destroyed six years of hard work put in by the upa, he said claiming that modi had not consulted anyone before taking a detour to lahore.
rahul accused modi of not listening to his colleagues, ignoring the voice of the people, especially the youth.
he also claimed that home minister rajnath singh was completely in the dark over naga peace accord announced by modi.
the prime minister has to listen to others.
listen to rajnath singhji, sushma swarajji, advaniji?
listen to your mps.
listen to your own people.
listen to the voice of next generation.
we are not your enemies.
we do not hate you, the congress vice president said amid jeering by some bjp mps.
rahul also raised the hackles of bjp members when he mentioned vinayak damodar savarkar a few times.
as bjp members claimed rahul was insulting savarkar, the congress vice-president hit back saying, i only stated that gandhi is ours and savarkar yours.
is this not true or have you disowned savarkar?
have you thrown out savarkar.
he also took a dig at finance minister arunjaitley saying for a moment he felt chidambaram was presenting the budget on monday when the centre announced increase in allocation to upas flagship scheme mgnrega.
rahul wondered whether modi was targeting jnu because 60 per cent of the students there were either dalits, obcs or minorities.
jaitley advises caution in high post appointmentsnew delhi, nov 20, 2014, dhns: 2:02 istcbi director ranjit sinha on friday showed no signs of quitting his post or going on leave as he attended an official meeting chaired by finance minister arun jaitley.
the minister had earlier in the day said governments should be careful while making appointments to high posts.
sinha, who found himself on the wrong side of supreme court that asked him to recuse from the 2g spectrum scam probe, was present in a meeting of chiefs of economic investigating agencies with arunjaitley , which triggered speculation that the government might have asked him to go on leave.
the meeting, which lasted for about an hour, discussed issues like economic crimes, collection of intelligence and procedural hurdles in bringing back black money.
you have to look at the legal regime.
i was looking at the law that applies whether its a gap in law or otherwise.
his response came when asked about whether the government would ask sinha to step down.
jailtey said sinha was appointed by the previous upa regime just a day before a parliament select committee report on lokpal bill that provided for the procedure of such appointment was to be tabled in rajya sabha.
ahmedabad/new delhi, feb 9, 2015 (pti) 17:46 istthe special investigation team (sit) on black money today decided to widen its probe as new names of indians with swiss bank accounts have come up but made it clear that legal action will be taken only after verifying facts.
definitely, the scope of investigation will be widened due to the new names.
we will have to identify those names and scrutinise them, sit chairman justice (retd) m b shah told pti in ahmedabad.
he, however, said legal action can be taken against individuals only after verifying the facts and not just on the basis of news reports.
sit will first verify the facts.
we can't take action just on the basis of news reports.
we will first verify the claims from our side and then take legal action, he said.
he said, as per the reports published today, there are some old names, which we already have, and there are some new names of account holders.
meanwhile in delhi, sit vice-chairman justice (retd) arijit pasayat, after holding a meeting of the high-powered panel, said it will consider all new cases where there is evidence of black money.
if any new names come and whichever way we have authentic information, we will act on it, he said after the over two-hour long meeting where existing cases of this nature were also reviewed.
the new names reported by the international consortium of investigative journalists (icij) said their records, which were apparently obtained through leaks from a geneva-based branch of hsbc bank, show that there are 1,668 indians on it while the number of actionable cases stands at 1,195 after taking into account duplication and some other factors.
collectively, these accounts had a balance of usd 4.
1 billion (rs 25,420 crore) till 2007.
there are some new names in the icij list.
but they are not many.
it is estimated that this new disclosure and few others which are being tracked by tax sleuths for sometime now will lead to obtaining some 100 new names/cases.
whether they are illegal or not will be the work of investigation, official sources privy to the developments in sit said.
the sit, which has top officers from various regulatory, investigative and enforcement agencies on-board, also reviewed during the meeting those black money and foreign account cases of indians which will get time barred by march 31.
we will complete probe in all (black money) cases which are getting time barred by march 31.
we are on the right track, pasayat said.
sources said as sit had already solicited information against indian black money holders from the public and hence publishing of suspected indian black money holders in a national daily qualifies to be the first information in this regard.
the agencies will now act and verify.
they said.
sources added that the snoop wings of the income tax department, enforcement directorate and some other agencies have been asked to gather all possible information on the new names reported today and bring it on the table to be discussed by the sit during its next meeting.
the new names will be brought under legal action only if there is any evidence against them.
only having names has not helped in the past and it will not help in the future too, they said.
sources said that those against whom legal action has been initiated till now include some corporates, business houses and individuals as the i-t department has completed its probe and filed prosecution complaints against about 60 individuals and entities.
they said the total amount in these accounts is estimated to be to the tune of rs 1,500-1,600 crore.
sources said the complaints, under i-t laws, have been filed in various courts of the country as upper limit for prosecution in these cases will expire on march 31 after which any legal action against them could not be carried out as the cases pertain to the period of 2008-2009.
the sit had said in its last report to the government and the supreme court in december 2014 that black money holders cases in hsbc geneva list will be taken to their logical conclusion soon, a stand reiterated by union finance minister arunjaitley today.
jaitley's remarks far from reality, says hurriyatsrinagar, dec 4, 2014, (pti) 17:52 istmoderate hurriyat conference today took exception to union minister arun jaitley's assertion that jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india and borders cannot be redrawn, saying his remarks are far from reality of the disputed nature of the state.
the separatist outfit also claimed that there was no connection between the kashmir issue and the ongoing polls in the state.
the statement of arunjaitley is far from reality and historic and political perspective of the disputed nature of the state.
there is no relation between the issue of kashmir and the so called elections, hurriyat said in a statement here.
the statement came a day after the union finance minister said in srinagar that pakistan must understand that boundaries with india cannot be redrawn as the state was an integral part of this country.
hurriyat said the elections are meant for addressing administrative issues.
the outfit also claimed that public agitations of 2008 and 2010 should serve as an eye-opener for those thinking that by taking part in the electoral exercise people have shunned their legitimate struggle.
it also asked people to observe a complete strike on december 8 against prime minister narendra modi's visit.
meanwhile, jammu and kashmir high court bar association (jkhcba) also reacted strongly to the statement of arunjaitley and said the union minister is unaware of the kashmir issue.
jkhcba strongly denounces the statement of jaitley.
the bar association feels that arunjaitley like other indian leaders does not perhaps know as to what the kashmir issue is all about, the bar said in a statement here.
the bar while inviting the union minister for a debate, said arunjaitley must also know that kashmir has a historical perspective and no statement can, therefore, be made by anyone, in defiance of that historical perspective.
the bar association hopes that arunjaitley will accept the invitation and agree to a debate with the bar association on kashmir issue on any date convenient to him, it said.
patna, mar 1, 2015, (pti) 21:00 istbihar chief minister nitish kumar today criticised narendra modi-led bjp government for giving benefit to a section of industrialists at the cost of ordinary people.
nobody at the top is thinking about the people.
they say one thing, do something else.
they are out to please a few.
there is a need for all inclusive development, kumar told a rally of party workers at the gandhi maidan here.
the union budget presented yesterday is for the benefit of corporate houses.
they are cutting down corporate tax from 30 per cent to 25 per cent.
wealth tax has been removed and surcharge has been imposed on some people.
this budget will affect the expansion of service sector and hit people with inflation, he said.
quoting figures, which he said were from reliable agencies and available easily on internet, kumar pointed out that the wealth of the top 10 to 12 billionaires in the country had gone up by rs 42,460 crore over the last nine months since the bjp-led government came to power in the centre.
wealth of one particular capitalist, whose name everybody takes, but i'll not take, has risen by rs 16,740 crore over this short period, he said.
kumar said it seemed 'achhe din' (good days) had come for those for whom it was intended.
it hasn't come for those for whom it was not meant to.
extending his wishes to jammu and kashmir chief minister mufti mohammad sayeed, who took oath today, kumar did not spare the opportunity to flay modi and played an audio clip in which the prime minister was heard lambasting 'father-daughter' and 'father-son' governments during one of his poll rallies there.
he (modi) kept talking about integrating jammu and kashmir with the rest of the country and what not.
he talked about giving a chance to others instead of 'father-daughter' and 'father-son' governments.
but now he has joined them.
these people say one thing, do something else, kumar said.
flanked by jd(u) national president sharad yadav, state president vashistha narayan singh and state cabinet ministers, mps, mlas, kumar took on the centre over the recommendations of the 14th finance commission and said bihar would suffer a huge financial loss in comparison to the 13th finance commission recommendations.
the bjp is harping that bihar has got much in the 14th finance commission.
if we consider everything including plan expenditure, centre sponsored schemes, grants and special assistance, our state will suffer a loss of rs 15,000 crore in 2015-16 over 2014-15.
our share has gone down from 10.
92 per cent to 9.
6 per cent, he said.
the chief minister said he raised the issue of stopping the money which the state had been getting under the provisions of bihar reorganisation act with union finance minister arunjaitley on february 26 in new delhi.
kumar added that he had called an all party meet over the finance commission recommendations.
we will raise our voice against it.
we will raise our voice for the money which is our right.
we may move supreme court if justice is not done to us over the issue, he said.
kumar reiterated that the demand for 'special category status' to bihar still remained despite the finance commission saying that the difference between special and general category states had been removed.
they have announced in the budget that bihar will be given special assistance on the lines of andhra pradesh.
we will keep a watch over it.
the demand for special category status to bihar will remain.
they may say anything, but we will demand, we will agitate for it.
we will demand our money, our right, he added.
kumar hit out at the centre for bringing ordinance to make changes in the land acquisition, rehabilitation and resettlement act 2013 and called it a black law that was against the interests of the farmers, as well as, the society.
earlier the consent of 80 per cent land owners was mandatory during acquisition; the social impact assessment was to be considered and compensation was to be paid not only to the owners of the land, but also to those who work on it.
all these have been changed.
land can be usurped forcibly.
this is a black law.
nothing remains after it, he said.
the chief minister appealed to the farmers' cell of his party and people of the state to start a relentless campaign against the ordinance.
relentless agitation should be started with a daylong fast across the state to demand that the central government withdraw the black law.
a continuous public contact and awareness campaign should also be a part of it, kumar said.
he also pointed that the minimum support price (msp) for crops had been raised hardly by 3 per cent this year and the states were discouraged from giving bonus to their farmers.
what happened to bjp's lok sabha poll promise of giving msp at one-and-a-half times of the cost?
he asked.
kumar also took on the saffron party over its changing stand on the issue of bringing back black money stashed in other countries and distributing rs 15 to 20 lakh each among common people by playing audio clips of modi, home minister rajnath singh, bjp president amit shah and yoga guru ramdev.
the crowd laughed and clapped as kumar pointed out at the change in words spoken by these leaders and said, you all (bjp leaders) are now saying you don't know know how much black money is stashed abroad.
you all are now talking about making laws and punishment.
you all (bjp leaders) cannot term your promises on black money as just a 'rhetoric' spoken during lok sabha poll campaign.
the people will now not believe your promises, he said.
asking jd(u) workers to remain united, he cautioned them against divisive forces that are trying to destroy social harmony and told them to counter such plans with all their might.
remain alert against forces that talk about 'ghar wapsi', 'love jihad', and to produce 10-20 children to divide the society.
remain united and counter them with all your might.
our aim is a developed and prosperous bihar, he said.
kumar called for one active party worker over every 10 houses in an election booth area, and 15 to 20 workers for every booth for the assembly elections scheduled later this year.
the fight is not between hindus and muslims, but orthodox hindus and liberal hindus.
we have to work together to attain the lost glory of bihar.
keep your enthusiasm intact, because we are going to fight those who are experts in spreading rumours and sowing disunity, he said.
kumar, who took oath as bihar cm for the fourth time on february 22, reminisced about situations which forced him to return to the post.
the party, which gave the biggest thing (cm post to jitan ram manjhi) was left uncared.
its importance was not being understood.
there were talks about destroying it.
people were being sidelined.
i had to take up the charge again because people had started telling me that i'll be able to do something only when anything of the party would remain, he said.
party is above all.
if it can give the position to you, it can also take it back.
if sharad yadav asked him (manjhi) to vacate the post, why did he feel bad?
he asked.
kumar also apologised again for having quit the post of chief minister after the party's poor performance in the 2014 general elections and reiterated that he would not do so again.
nobody had sympathy for me having i left the chief minister's post.
they criticized me and minced no words in telling that they felt cheated.
on the other hand, the environment in patna was dangerous.
a cabinet meeting was called to dissolve the legislative assembly, kumar said.
my dilemma about coming back evaporated after that.
i have accepted from heart the responsiblity which the party and sharad yadav have entrusted me.
i'll lead from the front and not let bihar's name be maligned, he said.
kumar also asked party workers to carry his apology to the masses and assure them that he had come back so there was no need to worry.
he pointed out that the opposition forces had been taken aback over his return, as it had spoilt their plan to accuse him of all the mistakes by the government and win in the upcoming assembly polls.
let them (the opposition forces) remain perturbed.
their worries will now keep on increasing day by day.
we will fight them and take our state towards progress, he said.
long term desire to go back to academia: rajannew delhi, jun 8, 2016 (pti) 19:51 istrefusing to comment on intense speculation over his tenure extension, rbi governor raghuram rajan today said he has very cordial relations with finance minister arunjaitley and his long term desire is to go back to the academia.
rajan, who has been outspoken on various issues, also praised prime minister narendra modi for ending government's interferences in public sector banks.
terming his relationship with the government extremely cordial, the governor said there has never been a serious disagreement between me and mr arun jaitley.
its extremely cordial.
whether its mr (p) chidambaram (former finance minister), whether its secretary to government, whether mr arunjaitley whether it is any body else, all conversations are respectful of each other's position and informative, he told tv channels.
refusing to talk about his extension, rajan said: i cannot confirm or deny.
as the fm has said, wait for the announcement.
my tenure is till september 4.
so between now and then the announcement will come.
my long term desire is to go back to academia for teaching, for research and for thinking.
this would be my best destination, he said.
on bjp mp subramanian swamy's comment that he is mentally not fully indian, rajan said, there are certain allegations which are fundamentally wrong and baseless and addressing them would amount to giving them legitimacy.
i think when you think about indianess, when you think about love for your country, it's very complicated thing.
for every person there is a different way that you show respect for your country.
.
.
my mother-in-law will say karmayogi is the way to go-do your work.
he further said that he welcomes genuine criticism of our policy but will not address ad hominem attacks or allegations against him as individual instead of the policies and the position he holds.
attributing only a few stray cases of bad loans to money changing and phone calls from politicians, he said, there were variety of reasons including global slowdown, cessation in governance for sometime and irrational exuberance in some cases for the mounting non-performing assets.
there were enough candidates to blame for what went wrong, he said.
my sense is that that has been largely done by this government.
i think the prime minister said at gyan sangam two years back, intervention ie public programmes we will ask public sector banks to participate in, but no interference, no phone calls.
by and large my sense is that it has diminished, he added.
jaitley meets british pm cameronlondon, mar 14, 2015 (pti) 21:35 istfinance minister arunjaitley today met british prime minister david cameron who evinced his interest in india's ongoing reform agenda.
this morning i called on the prime minister (david cameron) and with regard to what is happening in the indian economy as far as the reform process is concerned, there is a huge amount of interest that all british leaders have.
the principle purpose of my visit was the unveiling of the statue itself and i had to represent the government of india.
today is both historic and nostalgic.
it is a privilege to be associated with this.
the real test of a great leader with a place in history that gandhiji had is that his one-time adversaries now recognise his greatness.
it's a very touching occasion as far as all of india is concerned, he said.
in reference to his other key meetings during his two-day visit to the uk, the finance minister highlighted his meeting with prince charles at clarence house yesterday.
this was really in connection with his charities and expansion of those activities in india.
there is some activity and an advisory committee he has in the context of india and he is quite keen that some of those programmes could be expanded, so we shared some ideas on that, arunjaitley explained.
his meeting with the uk chancellor was really about the economic cooperation issues between india and the uk.
i've known and met mr osborne even earlier when both of us were in opposition.
there's a delegation of indian industry and the chancellor was gracious enough to host the delegation as well over breakfast.
of course, trade ties are becoming stronger.
we recently met when he came to india and then in davos both of us had a meeting.
there are not too many outstanding issues.
india's investment here and the uk's investment in india are quite strong and improving, he said.
besides the conservative party leaders, arunjaitley stressed that india has also had historically close ties with the labour party in reference to his meeting with opposition leader ed miliband.
in reference to the high level of maturity achieved in india's international affairs, the senior bjp leader highlighted that this has been the first time in history that a us president has come twice to india during his tenure and the first time a british prime minister has come thrice during his tenure.
congress president rahul gandhi today said the terror of note-ban has again gripped the country due to the reported shortage of cash in several states and accused prime minister narendra modi of destroying the country's banking system with his demonetisation decision.
the congress chief, who is in his parliamentary constituency amethi, took to twitter to attack modi, alleging he snatched the rs 500 and rs 1000 currency notes from every indian's pocket and gave it to nirav modi, but was neither speaking a word about it nor facing parliament.
modi ji has destroyed the banking system of the country, gandhi said on the reported cash crunch in some atms.he alleged that narendra modi did not speak a word after nirav modi fled the country with rs 1,000 crore.
the prime minister has not uttered a single word after he made the entire country stand in a queue, snatched rs 500 and rs 1000 currency notes from your pocket and put it in nirav modi's pocket.
he fears standing in parliament too, he said.
the terror of noteban has gripped the country again as the cash in various banks has gone dry, gandhi alleged and used the hashtag cashcrunch with his tweet in hindi.
understand the deceit of noteban, your money in nirav modi's pocket.
modiji's 'mallya maya', the terror or noteban is again spreading.
the country's atms are again empty, what has been done to the country's banks, he tweeted.
congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala also took a dig at the prime minister, saying while the 'saheb' is enjoying abroad, the country's people are looking for cash in banks.
several parts of andhra pradesh, telangana, madhya pradesh, bihar and poll-bound karnataka have reported shortage of currency and atms running down, which the government today attributed to unusual spurt in demand in last three months.
congress leader jaiver shergill said that news is pouring in from bihar, rajasthan, telangana, and jharkhand that there is no money in the country's banks.
the congress party demands that the money that the bjp has earned from cleaning off the banks should be returned and the atms should be made operational, he said.
bjp and friends have stolen the country's money, that's why there is no money in the country's atms, he alleged.
new delhi, mar 31, 2015, (pti) 22:23 ista former aap mla today alleged that calls, with arvind kejriwal's consent, were made to several party mlas impersonating officials from union ministers arunjaitley and nitin gadkari's office and offering them crores of rupees to support bjp, prompting the saffron party to demand a public apology from delhi chief minister.
former rohini mla rajesh garg, who was recently suspended from aap for anti-party activities, claimed that police had arrested a person based on his complaint over the issue but the party's intervention had led to that person's release.
during initial phase of government formation, i got calls from someone who claimed to be calling from arun jaitley's office offering rs 10 crore to support bjp.
i took a screen shot of the number and lodged a police complaint who arrested a person.
then i got a call from (aap leader) sanjay singh asking me to withdraw the complaint.
i didn't withdraw, but they managed to get him released, he alleged, adding that the calls were made from private and unknown numbers.
bjp also sought a public explanation from kejriwal, who has been silent on the spate of 'sting exposes' on him purportedly showing that he had tried to keep a tab on its own mlas while misusing the name of bjp.
bjp leader shazia ilmi, formerly of aap, said that kejriwal owes an apology to arunjaitley for attempting to defame him by concocting tales of horse trading.
the dirty tricks deptt thrives.
aap shd be renamed as dirty tricks deptt party specializing in mercenary assignments of character assassination and self aggrandizement, she tweeted.
seeking to play down the issue, aap's delhi secretary dilip pandey refused to comment on garg's allegations, saying he's not even in the party, while few other senior leaders feigned ignorance about the issue.
kejriwal used to talk of morality and honesty.
he is practising just the opposite of what he preached to others.
he should come clean on whatever is going on in his party and the allegations against him made through stings done by his own party men, bjp national secretary shrikant sharma said.
garg also claimed that several other aap mlas had also raised the issue of getting fake calls from arunjaitley and gadkari's office at a meeting of party legislators.
reacting to garg's claims, bjp in delhi demanded a probe into the matter, while descirbing kejriwal as a manipulator.
the latest revelation made by garg needs to be thoroughly investigated.
the revelations testify stand taken by bjp for long that kejriwal is a master planner and manipulator.
it is a matter of concern that names of senior union ministers were misused by kejriwal and his associate to play dirty politics, delhi bjp president satish upadhyay said.
upadhyay has said besides kejriwal, role of the latter's long-standing associate vaibhav be probed by cops.
he added the bjp is planning to take up the matter legally.
garg had earlier accused kejriwal of trying to poach six congress mlas to form government in delhi last year, leading to his suspension from the party on march 16.
he had recorded a telephonic conversation between him and kejriwal, which later surfaced and was circulated in the media.
in october last year, he had questioned kejriwal about the internal party democracy and also on whether he should have consulted people on conducting fresh polls in delhi.
dh news service, bengaluru, may 29 2017, 1:17 istdefence minister arunjaitley will formally inaugurate the new campus of national academy of customs, indirect taxes and narcotics (nacin), at 9 am on monday in bengaluru.
the building is located near hmt school, jalahalli.
nacin was established in bengaluru in 2002 for training officers of customs, central excise and service tax posted in the states of karnataka and kerala.
the new campus is built at a cost of rs 49 crore.
it is meant for training officers of central board of excise and customs besides officers of the vat department in new gst regime.
the new complex, equipped with good infrastructure, has six ac lecture halls and a residential hostel.
the complex is constructed by nbcc, a public sector undertaking.
it is designed in an environmental-friendly way and is equipped with solar power generation, biodegradable waste management system.
it has a sewage treatment plant where no electricity is used for treating waste water, a technique developed by the energy and resources institute (teri), the note said.
yeshwantpur, b'luru cantt to be made world-class stationsfeb 2, 2017, hubballi, dhns 2:11 istrs 3,174 crore allocated in the budget for south western railwayin the integrated union budget for 2017-18 presented by finance minister arunjaitley in the lok sabha on wednesday, rs 3,174 crore has been allocated for the south western railway (swr).
this is 19.
17  more compared to the outlay for the swr for project works in the railway budget 2016-17.
we expected around rs 2,900 crore, but we have been allocated more funds.
more stress is on railway safety and development works this time, said swr general manager a k gupta.
however, swr officials were unable to give details of specific projects mentioned in the budget, as the pink book was not yet tabled in parliament.
the pink book is the official register of the railways that lays down to the last rupee the money allotted for a project.
gupta told journalists here that bengaluru cantonment and yeshwantpur stations are among 25 railway stations which are proposed in the budget to be redeveloped into world class stations in 2017-18.
in the funds meant for capital and development works, a major portion for the swr is expected for doubling of hubballi-chikjajur and hubballi-hosapete lines.
bio toiletsthe budget has proposed to provide bio toilets on all trains by 2019, while the swr has installed around 900 bio toilets, which is 33  of the total requirement, he said.
out of 2,000 railway stations where solar power is proposed to be generated, 34 stations are in the swr zone.
among 500 stations which are proposed to be made disabled-friendly by installing lifts, escalators and ramps, two a1 stations, 15 a stations and 17 b stations are in the swr.
the swr has around 350 unmanned level crossings and an announcement has been made in the budget to eliminate all such gates by 2020, gupta noted.
across the country, 3,500 km of railway lines are proposed to be commissioned in 2017-18 as against 2,800 km in 2016-17.
in the swr, 231 km of new line are being commissioned in 2016-17, while the target is to commission 165 km of new lines in 2017-18, gupta said.
former chief justice of delhi high court and a noted rights activist justice rajinder sachar is no more.
a committee under sachar had brought to the fore poor socio-economic and educational conditions of the muslim community in india thereby prompting the government to formulate a 15-point agenda programme for their welfare,he passed away on friday at the age of 94.
sachar was admitted to the fortis hospital earlier this week for treatment.
he was a patient of ischemic heart disease and was put on pacemaker a couple of months back and had undergone stenting for blocked vessels in the heart.
he was admitted to the hospital earlier this week.
he was not able to take food and was having recurrent vomiting.
he developed pneumonia and later succumbed to it, a news agency quoted an unnamed family member of sachar as saying.
sachar was cremated here at the lodhi road crematorium in the presence of his family members, friends and other dignitaries, which included leaders of various political parties.
sachar served as the chief justice of the delhi high court from august 6, 1985 to december 22, 1985.
after retirement, he turned a human rights activists and remained associated with the people's union for civil liberties (pucl).
he was also a member of the united nations sub-commission on the promotion and protection of human rights.
political leaders, lawyers, rights activists and people from different walks of life paid their warm tributes to sachar.
india has lost a judicial luminary and a true human rights advocate.
i will always remember justice rajinder sachar as a friend for his motivation and guidance.
my thoughts and prayers with his family, noble laureate and rights activist kailash satyarthi said.
international rights body amnesty india described justice sachar as a true human rights champion, saying, we're deeply saddened by his demise.
saddened by the demise of former chief justice of the delhi high court justice rajinder sachar.
my condolences & prayers are with the bereaved family.
may god render peace to the departed soul.
om shanti, the tweet read.
all india united democratic front president and a member of the lok sabha from assam m badruddin ajmal said india has lost one of the finest jurists of present times with the demise of justice sachar.
deeply saddened by the demise of justice rajinder sachar.
my condolences to his family members and near ones, he said.
ahmedabad, dec 24, 2015, (pti): 11:33 istsuspended bjp lawmaker kirti azad today sought prime minister narendra modi's intervention in the ddca row and asked for specific reasons for the disciplinary action against him by the party.
a bjp mp from darbhanga in bihar, azad maintained that his fight was only against alleged corruption in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) and not against any individual.
i hope the prime minister will listen to my plea and do justice.
i will also ask margdarshak mandal to come forward and look into the issue, azad told reporters here.
cracking the whip, bjp yesterday suspended azad, who has been leading a campaign against finance minister arunjaitley on alleged corruption in ddca, charging him with indulging in anti-party activities and accusing him of colluding with congress and aap to bring it into disrepute.
azad said that he had full faith in prime minister modi and would expect him to do justice.
he said that he had received notice (for suspension) from the party and would submit his reply by today evening.
i have received a notice but it does not mention any specific (reason) when and where i indulged in anti-party activities.
what is my specific fault.
.
.
i would like to know from the party specific details which will help me in filing my response, he said.
(senior party leader subramanian swamy has told me that he will help me in drafting my reply (to notice), he said.
azad said that he has been raising the issue of alleged corruption at the ddca for last 9 years but never made it a party issue.
i fought against corruption in the ddca outside the party.
so i would like to know the action (suspension) is because of my raising voice against corruption, he questioned.
azad also said that he will file a pil in his individual capacity over the ddca issue soon.
the action of the bjp parliamentary board to suspend azad from the party's primary membership came after his press conference attacking arunjaitley and subsequent acts of defiance both inside and outside parliament.
a terse announcement suspending him came from the party headquarters but a detailed communication from the board went to him listing his anti-party activities in and outside parliament, lowering the prestige of the party and its office-bearers.
new delhi, jun 24, 2015, (pti) 10:28 ista complaint, purportedly by bjp mp kirti azad, has demanded action against delhi and district cricket association (ddca) officials for allegedly serving alcohol on a dry day, in violation of the law.
senior police officials feigned ignorance on the receipt of such a complaint till late night even as a copy of it went viral on social media today.
however, sources said that the ip estate police station sho has been asked to look for the complaint, apparently written on the the letterhead of azad.
in the complaint, dated june 23, 2015, it has been alleged that the delhi and district cricket association's bar within the premises of feroze shah kotla stadium in central delhi had served alcohol on dry day (october 2, 2013), in violation of rule 52 of the delhi excise act and provisions of the prevention of insult of the nationals honours act (1971).
in the complaint addressed to the station house officer of the ip estate police station, the complainant has requested the police to register an fir against the president, secretary and other members of ddca for this violation.
finance minister arunjaitley was once the chief patron of ddca.
however, the complaint does not mention his name.
'no plan to impose tax on share transactions'new delhi, dec 26, 2016, dhns: 1:42 istunion finance minister arunjaitley on sunday tried to calm the frayed nerves by explaining that the government had no intention to impose tax on long-term capital gains from share transactions.
the explanation comes a day after prime minister narendra modi, in his speech at raigad in maharashtra, said those who profit from financial market must make a fair contribution to nation-building through taxes.
the speech has been misinterpreted by a section of the media which has started speculating that this is an indirect reference to the fact that there could be long-term capital gains (tax) on securities transactions.
this interpretation is absolutely erroneous, arunjaitley clarified here on the sidelines of digi-dhan mela, an initiative to promote cashless economy.
our bid to go cashless means less cash, not no cash, but our political counterparts are slow in understanding this and so is some of the media.
as the prime minister said, there would be some problems initially, but when money comes into the banking system, the economy is strengthened, he said.
cong continues to attack arunjaitley on lalit-dushyant transaction remarksnew delhi, june 24, 2015, dhns: 1:22 isteven as finance minister arunjaitley clarified that his statement over the transaction of rs 11.
63 crore between indian premier league (ipl) ex-chief lalit modi and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara rajes son dushyant singh was misinterpreted, the congress on tuesday refused to let it go.
his statement of clarification does not wash.
he did say what was published in all the newspapers.
it is a realisation that has come late after the damage has been done, senior congress leader anand sharma told reporters.
the finance minister, who reportedly told mediapersons in the us on sunday, on the sidelines of a public event at stanford university, that the transaction was a commercial one, has clarified that he never used such a word, and that his remarks were misinterpreted.
jaitleys clarification came a day after the congress attacked him over the remarks, accusing him of covering up the murky investment by lalit modi in a company floated by dushyant.
at a press conferring on tuesday, the leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad also accused the finance minister of giving a clean chit to lalit and dushyant, and a direction to the enforcement department (ed), which recently told the delhi high court that it had initiated a probe into the matter and would take it to a logical conclusion.
sharma suggested that arunjaitley , who is on an official tour to the us, should have been more careful, restrained and balanced while making a statement on the issue.
he added that it would adversely affect the probe being conducted by the ed, which comes under the finance ministry.
the congress leader also criticised the narendra modi government over union minister nitin gadkaris remark on the issue, saying there was competition among ministers to give clean chit to each other.
new delhi, feb 19, 2016 (pti) 16:24 istdelhi police chief b s bassi, under fire for alleged mishandling jnu row, was today dropped from the list for the post of information commissioner in central information commission by a selection panel led by the prime minister which has cleared three names.
the decision to drop bassi was taken amidst mounting pressure from congress along with other opposition parties and civil society activists citing alleged inaction of delhi police as violent mob had beaten up journalists, teachers and students inside patiala house court complex during the hearing of jnu student leader kanhaiya kumar's case, official sources said.
meeting the six-week deadline set by delhi high court to fill vacancies in the transparency watchdog, the panel met here this morning in which various names were discussed.
the meeting was attended by finance minister arunjaitley and leader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjuna kharge at the prime minister's south block office here.
minister of state in the prime minister's office jitendra singh also attended the meeting as a special invitee.
sources said kharge was against bassi's candidature, a stand made already clear by some of his party leaders.
a 1977-batch ips officer, bassi, who is due to retire this month-end, was one of the applicants for the post of information commissioner.
his name was shortlisted last november by a search committee headed by cabinet secretary p k sinha.
there is a vacancy of three information commissioners against its total strength of 10.
the names of candidates for all three vacancies were decided at today's meeting,they said.
sources said the selection panel has sent its recommendation to president pranab mukherjee for his assent so that final orders for their appointments can be issued.
besides bassi, former secretary of department of personnel and training (dopt) shyamal k sarkar, anup k pujari, the then secretary of ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises and former information and broadcasting secretary bimal julka were also shortlisted then.
bassi had applied for both the post of information commissioner and central information commissioner against the government's order issued in september last.
the government had in december appointed former defence secretary r k mathur as head of the transparency panel.
mathur has tenure as cic till he attains the age of 65 on november 25, 2018.
new delhi, feb 3, 2017, (pti) 22:19 istthe income tax department has claimed to have found that the audit reports prepared by the aam aadmi party (aap) for donations amounting to about rs 27 crore have discrepancies and are incorrect.
in a report submitted to the election commission, the department, which has been investigating the donations list of the party for the last over an year, has said that the records of donations made to the aap during 2013-14 and 2014-15 had factual discrepancies and did not match with the actual funds received by it from various donors.
parties prepare audit reports, in consultation with their charted accountants, and submit a copy to the i-t department as per law.
officials said the alleged discrepancies in the donation records of party are of about rs 27 crore and has added that the treasurer of the party has acknowledged certain errors in these records in their communication with the taxman.
the i-t report, they said, has suggested that the violations are in contravention of tax laws that govern political donations as stipulated under the income tax act, 1961.
they said this could form the basis for the cancellation of the tax exemptions given under the i-t act to aap and could also follow a stringent action of de-registration of the party, but all such decisions are the domain of the election commission exclusively.
referring to the development, aap's national convenor and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal alleged that it was a dirty trick by prime minister narendra modi to get the aap deregistered due to fear of loss in punjab and goa, which go to polls tomorrow.
modiji's dirty tricks.
losing badly in goa n punjab, he tries to de-register the winning party 24 hrs before elections.
shameless dictator, he tweeted.
the aap is fancying its chances in punjab, where it is faced with a triangular contest withcongress and incumbent sad-bjp combine.
in goa too, the aap is hopeful of disturbing the ruling bjp's prospects.
hitting out at union finance minister arunjaitley , aap's national treasurer raghav chadha said the charges were being levelled as bjp was fearing a rout in punjab and goa.
fearing a rout arunjaitley led it dept is minting fiction.
people of punjab and goa will give a befitting reply by overwhelmingly voting for aap, he tweeted.
centre wants judicial appoinment commission bill ratified soonnew delhi, nov 19, 2014, dhns: 1:25 istthe centre has shot off letters to the state governments for early ratification of the national judicial appointments commission (njac) bill, which is to replace the collegium system of judges appointing judges in the high courts and the supreme court.
law minister d v sadananda gowda on wednesday told reporters that he has written to the chief ministers for the purpose as the constitution amendment bill required ratification by at least 50 per cent of the state legislatures.
goa, rajasthan and tripura legislatures have already ratified the bill.
parliament had in august cleared a constitution amendment bill that will facilitate setting up of a commission for appointment of judges, replacing the 20-year-old collegium system.
the bill will grant constitutional status to the njac and its composition.
the chief justice of india will head the njac.
besides the cji, the judiciary would be represented by two senior judges of the supreme court.
two eminent personalities and the law minister will be the other members of the proposed body.
gowda also said that government will take up as soon as possible a bill to enhance the retirement age of high court judges from 62 to 65 to bring it at par with the retirement age of supreme court judges.
the minister said the government has cleared enhancing the strength of high court judges by 25 per cent from the current 906 to 1,112 posts and the chief justice of india has approved the proposal.
with regard to finance minister arunjaitley recent statement about government taking tough measures on land aquisition, gowda denied that the government was mulling to bring an ordinance for amending the law.
no proposals to increase working days to 6 per week: govtnew delhi, mar 13, 2015 (pti) 17:43 istthe government today said it has no proposals to shift to six-day week working for its offices or reduce the retirement age of employees to 58 years.
at present, the retirement age of the central government employees is 60 years.
the minister also said that the seventh central pay commission appointed in february 2014 is required to make its recommendations within 18 months from the date of its constitution.
former supreme court justice ashok kumar mathur is the chairman of the commission.
the government constitutes pay commission almost every ten years to revise the pay scales of its employees and often these are adopted by states after some modification.
the sixth pay commission was implemented with effect from january 1, 2006.
by k r shyam sundar, may 2 2017, 0:03 istthe legislative framework in the field of labour has been predicated on the existence of a formal employment relationship, and also on a firm size parameter (primarily for ease of implementation and secondarily on the economic assumption that, as development takes place firm size will increase to reap economies of scale).
hence, the major labour laws including those on social security have excluded the vast mass of workers in the unorganised sector, that is, those not having employment relationship (self-employed) and those employed in the firms below the legal threshold of 10 workers.
the second national commission on labour (sncl) argued for eventually making social security a fundamental right in conformity with several global conventions while the national commission for enterprises in the unorganised sector (nceus) argued for a minimum social security system for the unorganised workers at a cost of less than 0.
5  of the national income.
notwithstanding the existence of poorly constructed labour laws like the unorganised workers social security act, 2008, there has been a huge void in the labour legislative realm.
it is in these contexts that the government has come up with a comprehensive draft labour code on social security and welfare in april 2017 which merits serious attention from policy watchers.
it is ambitious and universal in nature as it aims to cover all kinds of workers  employees and non-employees (those without a formal employment relationship) and even international workers working in india and indians working abroad.
it is another moot query as to the implementability of the code in such a huge magnitude.
further, agricultural workers and the self-employed workers are a different kind.
even the nceus recommended two separate bills for unorganised agricultural workers and unorganised non-agricultural workers on the ground that labour enforcement machinery for agricultural workers differed from the general machinery in several states.
it was also because the agricultural workers are a separate lot with their unique characteristics and also given their huge numbers in the workforce.
further, in the context of liberalisation of inspector raj, it is difficult to brush aside the fears of implementation issues pertaining to the code.
the objective of the code exercise  to simplify, rationalise and consolidate several laws relating to social security, has been faultily presented as the preamble of the code which sits ill as a preamble.
the biggest difficulty with the code is that despite its elaborateness, certain crucial aspects are not clear.
for example, it does not clearly define the benefits to be provided and accrued for the beneficiaries.
the rules perhaps will define with clarity some of the questions that hang out with respect to the logistics of the whole social security system and the enforcement details.
however, one is not clear as to how the state machinery will enlist the vast majority of self-employed workers (just around half of the total workforce as in 2011-12).
the high-earning self-employed may not be incentivised to join the schemes of the code as the returns from the commercial social security schemes may be higher than those (yet) to be promised by the code and due to the innate suspicion of the state.
on the other hand, a 20  contribution from meagre wage is a huge ask from the poorly paid unorganised workers.
it assumes in an idealistic sense that all workers in the unorganised sector are well paid or get minimum wages and it also inadvertently admits that workers can be paid less than the minimum wages!
the code explicitly expects the self-employed to report their salaries while paying their share of the social security when the reported income tax compliance is far too low as admitted by finance minister arunjaitley in his recent union budget speech.
employers will have little to complain because the code pegs the payroll tax to 17.
5  and subsidises the gratuity cost to 2  (it could be anywhere between 4-6 ) of the total salary cost.
the money should come from either taxes or workers through higher contributions or there must be some cross-subsidisation.
the gratuity eligibility of five years for workers is quite severe given the rising incidence of shorter employment contracts thanks to chapter v-b of the industrial disputes act, 1947.
eventual liabilityhence, gratuity makes little sense to many low-tenured workers.
the code is deficient in this sense.
again, one is not sure of employers cooperation for the clause which imposes eventual liability to the principal employer for gratuity for the contract workers though good in principle for two reasons: one, the cost angle of outsourcing will be hit and two, it could create complications for distinguishing sham and genuine contracts.
unlike the simple administrative machinery conceived by the nceus, the code envisages a huge architecture of policy-making and administration bodies  the national council (overarching apex body, to devise policies), the central board (an administrative body at the central level), the state board, an executive committee to help assist the national council, a standing committee to assist the state board, a medical council, and central and state advisory committees.
it is a complex set up as the code lists numerous functions for each (some even overlapping).
the biggest weakness of the superstructure is that it assumes that top-down approach, that is, policies and programmes conceived at the centralised level will lead to welfare for the workers at large even though the code does not envisage two-way communication networks.
further, whether the prime minister as a chairperson of the national council will have time to convene meetings and grasp the finer details of the huge programme is a moot question.
one fears bureaucratisation will be its greatest hazard.
moreover, who will bear the financial burden of running these bodies?
the tax burden to support these bodies raises serious concerns.
trade unions and employers bodies should have strong positions which one does not see in the code.
for example, employers are missing from the national council.
defence sector gets paltry hikekalyan ray, new delhi: feb 28, 2015, dhns: 4:48 istthe defence allocation in the budget has increased marginally as a result of which indias military spending would continue to be much lower than china and pakistan.
the total allocation for the defence sector has been pegged at rs 2,46,727 crore, which is 7.
74 per cent higher than the budgetary allocation of last fiscal.
compared with the likely expenditure of the current fiscal, the jump is just under 11 per cent.
there is no increase in the capital outlay for the defence, which has been fixed atrs 94,588 crore  exactly the same as the capital outlay in the last fiscal's budgetary estimate.
last december, the government slashed rs 12,623 crore from the capital outlay, adversely impacting the modernisation programme of the armed forces.
as a result, the capital budget for defence  meant for arms purchase  would end up as rs 81,965 crore in this fiscal.
as a percentage of grossdomestic product, indias defence budget continues to be around 1.
75 per cent of the gdp  not only lower than china and pakistan but also lesser than sri lanka.
the stockholm international peace research institute (sipri) estimates suggests, chinas defence expenditure is about two per cent of gdp for each year between 2011 and 2013.
for pakistan, it was 2.
9 per cent of gdp in 2011 and 3 per cent in the next two years.
even sri lanka spent 3 per cent of its gdp on defence in 2011 whereas the expenditure came down to 2.
6 per cent in 2012 and 2.
8 per cent in 2013for the islandnation, according to the sipri estimate, which defence minister manohar parrikar shared with parliament two months ago.
much to the disappointment of the veterans, arunjaitley did not say anything on the one-rank-one-pension(orop), negating parrikars claims that the issues would be addressed in the budget.
the principle of orop for the armed forces has been accepted by the government.
the methodology of orop is pending between the finance and defence ministries, the finance minister said in his post-budget media interaction.
retired personnels issuesunder the orop, retired service personnel were demanding same pension for individuals retiring on the same rank and having the same length of service.
at the moment, there is a difference in pension amount between those who retired before january 1, 2006 and after that date.
in its interim budget in february 2014, the upa government allocated an additional rs 500 crore to the defence ministry to bridge the gaps in some of the ranks.
but still, there are ranks where the gap exists in post-retirement benefits.
in july 2014, arunjaitley stated rs 1,000 crore was earmarked for the same.
delhi voters have to choose b/w governance and anarchy:jaitleynew delhi, feb 6, 2015 (pti) 18:31 ista day ahead of the polling for delhi assembly, bjp today told voters that the contest between it and the aap was a choice between governance and anarchy.
senior party leader and union finance minister arunjaitley rejected suggestions that the outcome of delhi polls would be a referendum on the performance of the narendra modi government saying a referendum is a referendum and an election is an election.
addressing a press conference, he said aap, bjp's main rival, was more comfortable on the street than in the office adding that tomorrow's contest was a choice between governance and anarchy.
asserting that his party has put all its might in these elections and was confident of winning, he said, delhi elections hold importance because delhi is the face of the country and how government runs here is a reflection on the country's image.
bjp has shown in last eight months what it could do in the country in terms of development and governance, he said, adding that now no one talks of scams.
he also hit out at congress saying, the dilution and disappearance of the congress is the political price they are paying because of what they did to the country and delhi.
he also accused aap leader arvind kejriwal of indulging in diversionary tactics over the allegations of dubious donations to his party.
referring to his party's chief ministerial candidate, he said kiran bedi has been in public life for 40 years and knows the skill of administration.
retail inflation drops to multi-year low in januaryfeb 14, 2017, new delhi, dhns 9:30 istthe countrys retail inflation marked a sharp drop to 3.
17  in january, on the back of fall in prices of vegetables and pulses.
but the core cpi (consumer price index) remained high, raising doubts on whether the reserve bank of india will oblige with any more interest rate cuts.
data released by the central statistics office showed food inflation fell to 0.
53  in january 2017, from 1.
37  in december 2016.
prices of vegetables and pulses dropped 15.
62  and 6.
62 , respectively.
experts said, demand slowdown due to demonetisation could be one of the factors behind the fall in inflation.
in its monetary policy statement last week, the rbi had said, excluding food and fuel, inflation has been unyielding at 4.
9  since september.
while some part of this inertial behaviour is attributable to the turnaround in international crude prices since october, which fed into prices of petrol and diesel embedded in transport and communication, a broad-based stickiness is discernible in inflation, particularly in housing, health, education, personal care and effects (excluding gold and silver) as well as miscellaneous goods and services consumed by households, the rbi said.
oppn demands sushma scalps but sp says it's oknew delhi, june 14, 2015, dhns 23:27 istin soup: lalit modi enjoys proximity to many bjp leaders, says congressopposition parties on sunday demanded the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj for helping former indian premier league (ipl) commissioner lalit modi, a fugitive, in procuring travel documents in the uk.
seeking answers from prime minister narendra modi on sushmas controversial conduct, the congress also brought finance minister arunjaitley into the row, wondering, why the fm continued with the lookout notice against modi while swaraj was helping the money-laundering fugitive.
the congress charged that lalit modi enjoyed proximity to many leaders of the bjp, including its president amit shah.
breaking ranks with the opposition parties, however, the samajwadi party came to sushmas defence.
senior sp leader ram gopal yadav said sushma did not do anything wrong by helping lalit on humanitarian ground, maintaining that it was unfortunate that an unnecessary hype was being created by some people in the matter.
people are asking: is (narendra) modi helping (lalit) modi?
the needle of suspicion rests at the door of the office of the prime minister, congress in-charge of media department randeep surjewala charged and raised 11 questions, asking modi to answer to the nation.
the congress leader also rejected sushmas stand that she helped lalit on humanitarian grounds and accused her of returning favour to the former ipl commissioner who had helped her husband swaraj kaushal in getting his nephew admitted to a law programme at sussex university in uk in 2013.
after getting travel documents from the uk government, not only did lalit modi thank external affairs minister but also her husband, he charged, referring the exchange of e-mails between lalit and indian origin british parliamentarian keith vaz.
its a clear-cut case of gross impropriety on part of sushma and she should immediately step down as the external affairs minister, surjewala demanded.
modi and bjp had sought resignation of the then union minister shashi tharoor on the allegation of his wife holding a small share in ipl team.
will the prime minister and the bjp now apply the same yardsticks of moral and constitutional propriety and accountability?
he asked.
jd-u spokesperson k c tyagi condemned sushma for helping lalit while cpi leader d raja demanded an explanation from the prime minister.
cpm leader brinda karat described the episode as a case of grave impropriety, saying it is the duty of the prime minister to answer the questions being raised.
aap spokesperson ashutosh said sushma should step down.
a sad commentaryby kay benedict, apr 18 2017, 1:35 iston the positive side, the just-concluded budget session of parliament has been less acrimonious than earlier occasions with the congress cooperating with the government in passing seminal bills like the gst and aadhaar (though the latter was pushed amidst ruckus).
at the same time, there were some unsavoury takeaways  such as the government converting the gst and aadhaar into money bills while including several changes in other laws into finance bill, all a sly method to circumvent the rajya sabha scrutiny, clashes between the congress and the treasury benches over the illicit formation of goa government, cow vigilantism, anti-romeo squads enjoying bjp patronage, attempts to muzzle law (read misuse of cbi and enforcement directorate) and undermining countrys pluralist ethos.
the session also saw a departure from conventions  for the first time since independence, the railway budget was amalgamated into the general budget that was advanced to february 1, instead of the usual dates of february 28 or 29 and consequently the finance bill could be passed without vote-on-account and gst rollout speeded up.
the electoral rout of key opposition parties, the congress, sp and bsp in the uttar pradesh elections, bjps landslide win and the entanglement of trinamool congress leaders in two ponzi schemes being investigated by the cbi, had a sobering effect on the anti-saffron bloc.
the opposition, which disrupted the house during the first part of the session over the controversial demonetisation drive, was chastened and subdued in the second post-poll leg.
as regards the gst bills, despite the bad blood, former prime minister manmohan singh rose above party politics and helped the government pass them without amendments proposed by congress members.
senior leader jairam ramesh, who withdrew his amendments to a number of clauses, said: yesterday, the former pm advised me not to move the amendment because it will disturb the fine consensus that has been arrived at in the gst council.
taking digs at the present pm, ramesh said singh had adopted statesman-like approach unlike modi who is a politician.
after the passage of the bills, a pleased finance minister arunjaitley went up to the congress benches and shook hands with manmohan singh and leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad.
the bonhomie, however, did not last long.
the session ended on a discordant note as the government, using its brute majority in the lok sabha, amended 40 laws (having serious implications) at one go converting the finance bill into money bill so as to bypass the upper house where the government is in a minority - nda has only 74 seats in the 245-member house.
the rajya sabha discussed the bill for over five hours with opposition demanding amendments to controversial provisions such as introduction of electoral bonds, end to corporate funding of elections to ensure transparency etc, the lower house rejected their pleas.
the congress charged that inclusion of non-financial and non-money matters in the finance bill was in flagrant violation of the accepted norms and conventions.
taking strong objection to it, former finance minister p chidambaram hoped that the courts will pronounce upon the legality of such devices, which he said was an assault on the constitution.
congress member digvijaya singh raised the issue of goa governor mridula sinha unlawfully facilitating a bjp government in the state.
quoting media reports, singh said the governor had in an interview revealed that she had consulted arunjaitley on government formation.
as per law, the governor can consult top law officers but not a minister or politician.
digvijaya wanted a discussion but deputy chairperson p j kurian red-flagged the issue saying governors conduct can be discussed only under a substantive motion.
subsequently, singh moved a substantive motion.
he raised the issue almost on a daily basis but each time kurian maintained that the chairman was seized of the matter and that he would take a call in consultation with the leader of the house (who is none other than jaitley).
to cut a long story short, a discussion was never allowed.
apparently, arunjaitley would not want his role in governors decision discussed in the house.
congress cried foul saying blocking a discussion on the misconduct of the governor was subversion of democracy.
show of strengthtwo days before the house was adjourned, narendra modi presided over an extended meeting of the nda attended by as many as 32 leaders, the second such big gathering after 2014.
ahead of presidential and vice-presidential elections, the exercise was a show of strength to project a muscular bjp as against the disparate anti-modi coalition.
addressing the members, modi bragged that the session was a winner for his government as many bills including the key gst laws were passed.
claiming that there was a positive public mood in favour of his government, the pm pitched for development and reforms agenda.
however, the feel good factor was soured by some newfound allies such as c k janu, leader of keralas janadhipathya ooru vikasana munnani, a tribal outfit and goa forward party leader vijay sardesai.
janu critiqued the needless beef controversy urging the government to work for the betterment of the weak and marginalised.
sardesai expressed concern over curbs disturbing goan culture and tradition.
two days later, another ally, conrad sangma, son of late p a sangma and leader of national peoples party, meghalaya, appealed to modi to desist from declaring digital india on good friday to uphold the secular fabric of the country.
last year, good friday was marked as governance day.
in a counter mobilisation and to shame the government on the last day of the session, as many as 13 opposition parties led by congress president sonia gandhi marched to rashtrapati bhavan and submitted a memo to president pranab mukherjee seeking his intervention in protecting indias constitutional democracy, plurality and diversity, safeguard fundamental rights and ensure that the rule of law is upheld in letter and spirit.
what is galling is that the session has exposed infirmities in the parliamentary system as the government employs subterfuges with ease to bulldoze its questionable agenda in the house.
centre red-faced as oppn forces deferment of budget debatenew delhi, mar 13, 2015, dhns: 1:26 istthe government on friday faced embarrassment in the lok sabha as a handful of opposition members forced it to defer the debate on the general budget till monday citing the absence of finance minister arun jaitley.
congress leader mallikarjun kharge complained to speaker sumitra mahajan that the government had not informed them about jaitleys absence from the lok sabha where the government enjoys brute majority.
kharge insisted that the debate should begin on monday in the presence of jaitley.
the speakers assertions that arunjaitley had gone on an official visit to the uk after seeking her permission failed to cut any ice with the opposition.
we are not challenging the decision you have taken but they (government) cannot take advantage under your shadow or shelter, kharge said, adding the minister of state for parliamentary affairs rajiv pratap rudy had not informed him that the finance minister would not be available on friday.
jaitley is in britain to unveil the statue of mahatma gandhi at parliament square in london.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidus proposal to allow other members to start the discussion also did not find favour with the opposition.
congress president sonia gandhi was seen exhorting her party members to force the government to defer the debate on the budget.
congress party is the main opposition.
the discussion on the budget should be started by the main opposition first.
unless they start it, it is not possible for us to participate, trinamool congress member kalyan banerjee said.
the speaker too was caught in a piquant situation as no member was ready to initiate the debate despite clear instructions from her.
mahajans repeated assertions that minister of state for finance jayant sinha has been authorised to take notes and apprise arunjaitley about it also failed to break the opposition resolve.
the stand-off between the treasury and opposition benches stretched on for nearly an hour.
finally, it was naidu who agreed to step back and requested the speaker to adjourn the proceedings.
yeddyurappa wants to join nda, writes to advanibangalore, oct 19, 2013, dhns: 0:51 istkarnataka janata party (kjp) president b s yeddyurappa has requested national democratic alliance chairman l k advani to make the kjp a partner in the bjp-led coalition.
the former chief minister wrote to advani on october 19, asking him to involve the kjp in all deliberations of the nda.
yeddyurappa is not in advanis good books.
but he has been praising modi and often said the gujarat chief minister was fit to become the prime minister.
interestingly, yeddyurappa has not mentioned advani anywhere.
he addressed the letter to the nda chairman and marked copies to senior leaders like rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arunjaitley and nitin gadkari.
yeddyurappas offer comes amid several kjp leaders repeated assertion that the party would not merge with the bjp.
the kjp wants to retain its identity, but would like a seat sharing arrangement before the lok sabha polls, he said.
the kjp would like to contest at least a dozen seats, he added.
yeddyurappa said the kjp was a recognised regional party, with six seats and a vote share of over 10 per cent.
in the kjps executive committee meeting on september 19, it was unanimously decided to support the nda in its endeavor of making narendra modi the future prime minister.
we, therefore, request you to consider us an alliance party of the nda and involve us in all the deliberations of the nda by inviting the kjp to all the meetings, he said.
yeddyurappa also promised full cooperation in making the nda a success in the elections.
meanwhile, modi has not expressed his views on yeddyurappas offer.
even the state bjp is divided over yeddyurappas re-entry.
new delhi, nov 3, 2015 (pti) 14:35 istasserting that india will never be intolerant, finance minister arunjaitley today rejected congress' pitch on the issue, saying opponents must fight political battles politically, and wondered where is the intolerance.
calling as aberrations some of the recent incidents including the beef row, arunjaitley insisted that there is no justification in returning of awards and the national situation is absolutely peaceful.
india is fully committed as a liberal democracy to peaceful co-existence.
there is an atmosphere of harmony.
this country has never been intolerant and will never be intolerant, the bjp leader said.
he was replying to questions including about the protest march of congress to president pranab mukherjee on the issue today and rajiv gandhi institute of contemporary sciences holding a seminar with 'leftist' intellectuals on the issue.
stressing that political opponents must fight political battle politically, the finance minister said that it is not fair to create an issue due to political reasons and then link it to government even when incidents of crime are happening in states ruled by other parties.
where is the intolerance?
we are the most vibrant democracy.
the atmosphere will not change only by talking.
if some incident happens like the one in karnataka, which is congress-ruled, you cannot link it to the central government to attack.
that is not fair.
this is a crime and action should be taken against whoever commits crime.
that is why people in the mainstream in the country have opposed it, he said.
the minister was speaking after unveiling the plans for the 46th international film festival of india.
the iffi is being held in goa between november 20 and november 30.
bjp and congress have locked horns over the issue of growing intolerance in society, with prime minister narendra modi yesterday saying the congress president had no moral right to lecture the nda on tolerance and it should hang its head in shame for the 1984 anti-sikh riots where thousands were massacred.
congress chief sonia gandhi yesterday met president mukherjee ahead of the proposed march by party leaders to rashtrapati bhavan today to request him to invoke his constitutional powers to stem the atmosphere of intolerance.
jaitley also expressed confidence that the issue will have no impact on the iffi.
i do not see any reason why anyone should try and disturb any event in india.
it's not a good practice.
it's not a good principle, he said.
replying to question on whether the government is talking to film makers who are returning awards, arunjaitley wondered when there is an atmosphere of peace in the country, what is the justification in returning awards.
there is no justification in returning awards, he asserted adding that they are selected for awards by people from their profession for their work.
the finance minister downplayed film star shahrukh khan's comments after he joined the chorus against growing intolerance in the country saying that religious intolerance and not being secular.
.
.
is the worst kind of crime that you can do as a patriot.
jaitley said, nobody is ready to say in this country that there should be intolerance.
what is wrong if somebody says that there should be no intolerance in the country.
jaitley also refused to join issue with former union minister arun shourie, a supporter-turned-critic of narendra modi who has attacked both the bjp leaders.
i do not need to answer any personal comment on me, he said.
the finance minister also declined to comment on a question about sulking bjp leader shatrughan sinha, who said that while arunjaitley was responsible for the defeat of bjp in delhi, amit shah has to take responsibility if bjp loses bihar.
congress ready for compromise on gstnew delhi, nov 15, 2015, dhns: 0:57 istthe congress hinted that it was open for a compromise with the modi government in getting parliament approval to the much-delayed goods and services tax bill.
however, top congress leaders expect the modi government to engage opposition leaders in a meaningful dialogue over key aspects of the gst bill, an original initiative of the upa-ii regime that seeks to unveil a uniform indirect taxes regime across the country.
there is room for compromise on the gst.
it is not like the land acquisition bill on which we were not willing to compromise.
we have two or three concerns that need to be addressed, a top congress leader said.
the congress had raised eight objections to the gst bill in the dissent note it had submitted to the rajya sabha select committee that examined the bill.
the congress demands include capping the gst rate at 18 per cent, addition of more items such as tobacco, alcohol and electricity in the gst list, doing away with the additional 1 per cent tax for manufacturing states, compensation for states local governments, setting up of a gst disputes settlement authority and enhancing the share of the states in the gst council to 75 per cent.
congress sources indicated that the non-negotiable issues could be narrowed down to three-four issues, including 18 per cent ceiling on gst, abolishing 1 per cent additional tax and setting up of a dispute settlement mechanism.
bihar polls: bjp announces first list of 43 candidatesnew delhi, sep 15, 2015, (pti) 7:59 istbjp tonight released the first list of 43 candidates for the high-stakes bihar polls, giving about 60 per cent representation to those from sc and backward castes in an apparent attempt to target the base of rival jd(u)-rjd combine.
five nominees in the list are yadavs, the most numerous obc group which has traditionally backed rjd's lalu prasad but is being vigorously wooed by bjp.
over 50 per cent of the candidates are women and youth while close to 60 per cent belong to sc and backward castes, said senior bjp leader and union minister j p nadda while releasing the list after the meeting of the party's central election committee.
the list carries the names of 26 sitting party mlas while three sitting legislators have been denied party ticket.
bjp became the first main party to announce its candidates for elections to the 243-member bihar assembly that will take place between october 12 to november 5.
we have tried to give representation to all communities, nadda told a press conference.
prime minister narendra modi besides all other cec members attended the meeting chaired by party president amit shah.
the party has also tried to keep its core support base of upper castes happy with several brahmins, bhumihars, rajputs and kayashthas given tickets.
the list underscored party's attempts to wean yadavs away from lalu prasad and ensuring that sections of backward castes, upper castes and dalits give solid backing to the nda in what is being seen a prestige battle for modi, who has pulled out all stops to wrest the state from ally-turned-foe nitish kumar's jd(u).
bjp's leader in the outgoing assembly nand kishore yadav is among those whose names were announced today.
he will contest from patna sahib.
no muslim figured in the list which contained names for mostly those seats over which there is unanimity in the party.
the subsequent lists will have muslim names, said nadda, flanked by bihar bjp chief mangal pandey, bihar in-charge bhupender yadav and another state leader shahnawaz hussain.
the list included names of 19 candidates for the first phase and 15 for the second while nine others are for the seats going to polls later.
the first two phases have 49 and 32 constituencies going to polls and many of them will be contested by the party's allies, ljp, rlsp and ham (secular).
the cec deliberated for over two hours and was attended among others by rajnath singh, arunjaitley and nitin gadkari.
party's chief whip in the outgoing assembly arun kumar, renu devi, pramod kumar, prem kumar and nitin naviun among others have been given tickets.
new delhi, aug 13, 2015 (pti) 20:25 istthe bitter confrontation between the bjp and congress that was witnessed in the virtually washed-out monsoon session of parliament will now play out across the country with the nda deciding to take out marches and hold meetings immediately in the constituencies of congress and left mps.
shortly after the session was adjourned sine die, the two sides indulged in a blame game over stalling of parliament over lalitgate and vyapam scams and took to protests in the parliament house complex.
after the pep talk by prime minister narendra modi, senior ministers and mps of the nda, including l k advani, arunjaitley , sushma swaraj, rajnath singh and ram vilas paswan, marched from vijay chowk to the gandhi statue inside the premises shouting slogans and carrying placards against the congress.
at a meeting of the nda mps, modi asked them to fan across the country to expose the congress, equating the disruption with emergency when congress wanted power to be concentrated in one family.
we accept this undemocratic challenge by the congress and will take it to the people.
our people will go to every nook and corner to expose the congress, which is trying to stop the growth of the country.
congress party wants to save the family, while bjp wants to save the country as it is our principle, he said addressing a meeting of the nda parliamentary party.
modi asked nda mps and ministers to hold protests across the country, especially targeting constituencies represented by congress and left mps, during a month-long campaign.
unfazed by the bjp offensive on his family in parliament, rahul gandhi attacked the pm, saying he lacked guts and challenged him to bring back to india former ipl commissioner lalit modi who he described as the biggest link between the political system and black money.
keeping up the pressure on the issue of external affairs minister sushma swaraj's help to london-based modi to obtain british travel documents, the congress vice president said that she had given long statements in the lok sabha yesterday but had not answered why she had helped the fugitive wanted in india by enforcement agenciesdismissing swaraj's charge against his late father rajiv gandhi in the bofors case, rahul told reporters that his name had been cleared by the judicial system in the but the matter had been going on for 30 years with the opposition keeping on attacking him.
he said such such charges made no difference to him as the judicial system in the country gave a statement that this was a campaign against rajiv gandhi and that there was nothing in this.
rahul said he would defend the country from the rss and narendra modi, reminding journalists that three tv channels had been issued notices by the government recently.
it(swaraj attack) makes no difference to me.
i am here to defend the country from the rss and (narendra) modi, he said, adding, when your(media) views clash with their (government) views, your mikes will be shut.
alleging that swaraj and finance minister arunjaitley had defended black money network in parliament yesterday, rahul charged that lalit modi was the biggest link between the political system and black money.
daring the prime minister to catch hold lalit modi and bring him back to india, rahul said that, we have understood that this prime minister gets scared and we will keep attacking and build so much pressure on the prime minister that lalit modi will come back.
at a press conference in the aicc, former finance minister p chidambaram said the party would persist with raising questions on the lalit modi controversy as government has 'failed' to respond on key issues.
as part of the campaign, he said awareness will be raised nation wide against both the parties, whom he described as key actors in the disruption.
jaitley said the government was hopeful that the hostility of public opinion will make them wiser and force them to help in the passage of the gst bill and other legislations.
meanwhile, the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs (ccpa) met today and decided not to prorogue the session, a move that gives the government the flexibility to convene parliament at a short notice.
jaitley said various options were open to the government for ensuring the passage of the gst and other bills but refused to disclose the strategy.
he also maintained that as numbers stood today, they were loaded in favour of the gst bill as the left parties, which had given a notional dissent, had supported it in the lok sabha.
almost all regional parties are supporting it.
on the congress side, former finance minister chidambaram said the government must address the three fundamental and other issues the party had raised in relation to the gst if it hopes to get congress support.
union revenue secretary hasmukh adhia has said that the recently introduced goods and services tax (gst), including its rate structure, needs complete overhauling.
this is as close as the countrys top bureaucrat in the finance ministry can get to admitting that the modi government has made a mess of the tax reform.
when the congress forewarned the government even before gst was rolled out, finance minister arunjaitley called it obstructionist.
more recently, criticism of the governments handling of it by former finance minister yashwant sinha and other bjp leaders were disdainfully dubbed fulminations of frustrated job-seekers.
the sudden change of tack betrays a sense of panic and urgency at the highest levels to respond to the business communitys anger over the shoddy planning and implementation of gst.
the impending assembly elections in gujarat, where the reaction to gst has been intensely negative, seems to have alarmed the government.
the realisation of folly is welcome.
ever since its launch on july 1, the government seemed to have tied itself up in knots over gst.
it was supposed to replace a multi-layered and complicated tax system with one simple tax.
instead, the government hurriedly rolled out an even more complicated system of tax rates and reporting requirements.
the series of u-turns, tweaks and contradictory statements led to confusion worse confounded.
the most avoidable glitches related to the it infrastructure, and these continue to persist.
nearly four months since its roll out, gst has become a nightmare for small and medium traders.
the governments attempts to dismiss their concerns as teething problems can no longer hold.
it is clear that rules and rates need to be tweaked to get the economy back on rails.
gst should have been a game-changer.
if it is now being seen as an instrument of harassment, the devil is in the implementation.
according to adhia, the overhaul will involve rationalisation of rates by the gst regimes fitment committee.
however, the centre and the gst council should go beyond the fitment issue and address the exasperation over the gst network.
the system does not allow for returns to be saved periodically, even as some 15 pages need to be uploaded.
this has resulted in delays in uploading returns, given the unreliable internet connection in many parts of the country, for which the enterprises are paying the price.
while the finance minister has waived the penalty on august and september returns, the government should first sort out design issues in gstn, which include difficulties in matching invoices, facilitate the filing of periodic summary returns, and settle for detailed returns on a quarterly or half-yearly basis.
azad's claims nothing new, taken from our findings: chauhannew delhi, dec 20, 2015, (pti) 19:08 istreacting to kirti azad's claim of financial bunglings in the ddca today, its vice-president chetan chauhan said that all the material the bjp mp relied upon for his allegations were taken from the earlier findings on the basis of which s p bansal was removed as president.
this so called expose is on the basis of our findings, which were done by the three-member committee.
it was due to those findings that sp bansal was removed, chauhan told pti after azad addressed a press conference here.
azad, who has been campaigning against alleged corruption in delhi's cricket body, today addressed a press conference here but did not take the name of finance minister arunjaitley , under whose charge as president of ddca he claimed there were financial bunglings.
all this happened after arun jaitley's term in ddca and it happened during sp bansal's rein.
ye saara kaarnama unka hai (all these is his doing).
asked about the video footages of the fake bills shown by azad during the press conference, chauhan said, look, the work has been done for sure.
it's not that the work did not happen, but the way it was allotted was wrong.
i insist all these are in the fact finding committee's report.
ye hamari report se nikaal rahe hain (all these are being taken out of our report), he said.
the fact finding committee comprised sunil jain, vinod garg, salim seth and sidhartha verma.
'need reforms backed by growth to end poverty'new delhi: july 5, 2015, dhns 1:43 istciting the socio-economic and caste census (secc) data, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday said policy reforms, backed by 8-10 per cent economic growth, are key to eradication of poverty which, as per the statistics, remains too high.
to push this section out of the poverty ring, a permanent, formal sector, well-paid job is the best anti-poverty measure.
but how can we achieve our objective most effectively and quickly?
.
.
.
.
the secc reflects this conclusion: out of the seven measures of deprivation, the one that leads to the greatest amount of deprivation is being a landless household that derives a major part of its income from manual casual labour, the minister wrote in his facebook post.
he stated that the government is promoting investment since the way to eliminate deprivation is to achieve rapid economic growth of 8-10 percent so that good jobs are created for all indians quickly.
the financial activity can happen if it gets legislative boost and for this, the land and gst bills pending in parliament are crucial, he advocated.
the latest data suggest, argued arunjaitley , that the investment cycle is slowly turning around and stalled projects are being unblocked at a faster pace.
passing the gst and reforming the land law will accelerate this investment turnaround, he felt.
focussing on direct transfer of subsidies which is yielding better results, the minister said: if we can realise the governments jamjan dhan aadhaar, mobilevision we can ensure that money goes directly and more quickly into the pockets of the poor and from the savings we achieve, we can put even more money for the poor.
the experience with the dbt scheme, said arunjaitley , in the lpg was very encouraging.
he revealed that a research by the office of the chief economic adviser shows that about rs 12,700 crores (25 per cent) will be saved this year from the dbt scheme.
if we can be careful in our design and implementation, we can extend dbt to other commodities, so that the poor get more money to spend for their upliftment, he stressed.
yogi in delhi to seek enhanced central assistancedh news service, new delhi, jun 13 2017, 1:09 istuttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
pti file photoahead of the budget session, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath met prime minister narendra modi on monday and sought assistance to expedite development initiatives.
he briefed modi on the development activities carried out in the state and followed it up with an interaction with road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari for a review of the projects.
construction of roads is a major priority of the government in uttar pradesh.
adityanath and gadkari, in a joint press conference later, announced that road projects worth rs 10,000 crore were cleared.
the chief minister, for his part, said he inherited 1.
2 lakh km of potholed roads which his government got repaired.
adityanath also met finance minister arunjaitley as the chief minister, in his first budget, has to role out the farm loan waiver scheme worth rs 36,000 crore.
he requested arunjaitley to increase assistance through central schemes, and ways to streamline fiscal governance.
only 0.
35  domestic lpg users gave up subsidynew delhi, jun 21, 2015, (pti) 12:06 istthree months after prime minister narendra modi launched the 'give it up' campaign, only 0.
35 per cent of the domestic lpg consumers have so far given up using subsidised cooking gas.
at a review meeting chaired by oil minister dharmendra pradhan last week, it was informed that just over 5.
5 lakh out of the 15.
3 crore lpg consumers have so far voluntarily surrendered subsidised lpg and started buying the cooking fuel at the market price, a top official said.
though pradhan since january has been pushing for well off people to surrender their lpg subsidy, prime minister narendra modi in march officially launched 'give it up' campaign so that the subsidy is better targeted for the needy.
the official said while an appeal has been made to all members of parliament (mps) and mlas, government officials and executives of public sector companies, the response has not been very enthusiastic.
not all mps, that include those from the ruling party, have given up lpg subsidy.
response of mlas has been poor, he said.
pradhan is pushing hard to make the campaign launched by prime minister a success.
he even made personal phone calls to vips, requesting them to give up buying subsidised lpg.
keen to ensure that the subsidised fuel reaches only those needing it, he surrendered his subsidised lpg connection soon after becoming a minister and has since then been buying gas at market rates.
on his plea, finance minister arunjaitley and several other ministers as well chief ministers like akhilesh yadav of uttar pradesh have given up subsidised lpg but the campaign has not had the desired success, he said.
consumers are currently entitled to twelve 14.
2 kg cylinders or thirty four 5 kg bottles in a year at subsidised rates.
a subsidised 14.
2 kg cylinder is currently available at rs 417 per bottle in delhi while the 5 kg pack costs rs 155.
market priced lpg is available at rs 625.
50 per 14.
2 kg cylinder and rs 220 per 5 kg bottle.
giving up subsidised lpg will help cut government's subsidy bill which was at rs 36,580 crore on the fuel last fiscal year.
in 2015-16 budget estimates, petroleum subsidy has been halved to rs 30,000 crore from estimated rs 60,270 crore, in the current fiscal.
of rs 30,000 crore for next fiscal, rs 22,000 crore has been earmarked for lpg subsidy and the rest is for kerosene.
public sector oil marketing companies (omcs) have given an option to existing lpg consumers to convert their existing domestic lpg connection into a non-subsidised domestic connection.
this can be done by submitting a written request to the distributor or electronically via www.
mylpg.
in.
sonia leads march to prez, slams pm on 'intolerance'new delhi, nov 4, 2015, dhns: 1:36 istgrowing dissent: cong accuses modi of endorsing violencehundreds of congress leaders, led by party president sonia gandhi, on tuesday marched from parliament house to rashtrapati bhavan to protest against the growing intolerance in the country.
they also accused prime minister narendra modi of endorsing violence by remaining silent on the issue.
covering a distance of little over a kilometre from the gandhi statue in parliament complex to the presidents estate on raisina hill, a delegation of 125 congress leaders submitted a memorandum to president pranab mukherjee and requested him to use the political and moral authority of his office to impress upon the prime minister that this is unacceptable.
some organisations and people associated with the government or a part of modiji's government are trying to attack the plurality of the country and are promoting intolerance, sonia told reporters in the forecourt of the rashtrapati bhavan, flanked by former prime minister manmohan singh, party vice-president rahul gandhi, leader of the congress in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge and leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, among others.
the march seeks to give political voice to the slew of protests launched by eminent authors, scientists, filmmakers and artists.
the president had expressed his opinion, but the prime minister is silent which clearly shows that he approves of such incidents, said sonia.
at the meeting, sonia read out the two-page memorandum accusing sections of the ruling establishment for creating an atmosphere of fear, intolerance and intimidation.
his (prime ministers) council of ministers continue to harbour individuals who are contributing heavily to spreading hate and divisiveness, the memorandum stated.
speaking to reporters, rahul said the prime minister and finance minister arunjaitley remarks that everything was fine was the heart of the problemthese people believe in intolerance.
ideologically they are not tolerant.
it is not a matter of just congress party alone.
it is a problem of every indian .
.
.
and the prime minister does not believe in that, said rahul.
to jaitleys comment on manufactured protests, rahul said people belonging to the rss and the bjp were manufacturing these incidents.
if the finance minister feels there is nothing going on, he should go to the villages and see what is happening, rahul added.
former punjab chief minister amarinder singh was seen at a party event after a long time.
singh, the deputy leader of the congress in the lok sabha, had stayed away from parliament when his party stalled proceedings over scams involving bjp leaders.
delhi government to form enquiry commission on ddcanew delhi, dec 20, 2015, (ians) 18:34 istthe delhi government on sunday said it has decided to form a commission of enquiry to probe the affairs of the delhi cricket board.
chief minister arvind kejriwal tweeted that the government had written to former solicitor general gopal subramanium to head the commission into the working of the delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
the aam aadmi party has accused finance minister arunjaitley , who for years headed the ddca, of corruption in the cricketing board.
jaitley has denied the charges.
kay benedict may 21 2017, 2:24 istpolicy making, not electoral victory is yardstick to measure effectiveness of govtas his government completes three years in office on may 26, prime minister narendra modi can pat himself on the back for at least one solid achievement  winning the perception battle vis-a-vis his political opponents.
he has become a formidable election winning machine, upstaging even the bjp and insulating his government from party politics.
the unprecedented electoral success, however, has not helped perk up inclusive governance.
more than half way through his term, it is a mixed bag with some hits and misses.
the government has implemented a slew of welfare schemes and developmental projects.
however, its handling of issues like internal security (no coherent strategy to contain kashmir militancy and left-wing extremism), job creation, foreign policy, womens empowerment, farmers suicide and social cohesion have been shoddy.
the government did commendable work in initiating schemes like kisan vikas patras, crop insurance for farmers, atal pension yojana for the unorganised sector and jan aushadhi yojana for retail sales of generic drugs.
a unique combination of jan dhan, aadhaar and mobile (jam), billed as the biggest financial inclusion initiative in the world, was put in place to render benefits transfer cashless and plug subsidy leakages.
opening up sectors for foreign direct investment and passage of the gst bill, indias biggest tax reform bill, are expected to accelerate growth.
last year alone, the government earned rs 45,000 crore through disinvestment in psus (almost double that of a b vajpayees five-year term).
finance minister arunjaitley has fixed an ambitious target of rs 72,000 crore for the next year.
the governments record on power generation, rural electrification and construction of multi-lane roads has been impressive.
also, inflation has been contained to some extent.
however, on the flip side, the government could have done much more to address the gnawing governance deficit.
crimes against women, dalits and minorities are on the rise.
cultural police, gau rakshaks and anti-romeo squads roam around assaulting defenceless citizens in the name of religion and misplaced nationalism as the government remain passive.
not only has modis 2014 assurance of creating two crore jobs per annum remained a pipe dream, but the last three years saw dwindling job opportunities.
the it and bt industry is going through a crisis with large-scale retrenchments.
the promise of bringing black money back from foreign tax havens has turned out to be farcical.
the gdp declined from 7.
9  in 2015-16 to 7.
1  in 2016-17.
industrial production grew by 2.
6  last financial year but plummeted to 0.
4  this fiscal.
despite make in india slogan and the promise to make india a manufacturing hub, infrastructure growth in core sectors slumped from 9.
3  last year to 5  this year.
the prime minister kick-started the beti bachao beti padhao scheme for girl children, but violence against women are on the rise.
the rajya saba had cleared the womens reservation bill way back in 2010.
despite having brute majority in the lok sabha, the government has shown little inclination in passing the women empowerment law.
on may 26, 2014, modi created history of sorts by inviting heads of all south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) nations, and also mauritius, to his inauguration, earning national and international approbation for the epochal gesture of care and respect to our small and immediate neighbours.
squandering goodwillthree years down the line, the foreign office appears to have squandered the goodwill.
last week, in a royal snub to new delhi, five friendly neighbours  sri lanka, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan and myanmar  signed several agreements connected to chinas belt and road initiative at the conclave hosted in beijing but boycotted by india.
foreign policy experts feel that china is using the opportunity to further its geopolitical interests, even as new delhi blundered.
kashmir is on the boil again as the ruling coalition partners, the pdp and the bjp, play out their turf wars.
when militancy was at its peak in the 1990s, the valley had recorded 47  voting, that went up to over 60  in 2014.
in sharp contrast, in the recent bypolls, only 6  of the voters turned up at polling booths.
the surgical strike on militant camps across the line of control has not deterred islamabad from carrying out terror attacks.
recently, in poonch sector, an audacious pakistani rogue squad shot five policemen dead and sneaked 200 metres inside the indian territory, killing two soldiers and mutilating their bodies.
it is rather surprising that the ministry of defence (mod) does not have a full-time minister.
after manohar parrikar preferred the goa chief ministers post over the mod, an overburdened arunjaitley , not in the pink of health, has been given additional charge of defence.
demonetisation was trumpeted as a panacea that will curb black money, cut terror funds and eliminate counterfeit currency, but none of the stated objectives have been achieved.
rather, it resulted in the death of more than 100 people in atm queues.
six months after the note ban, the government is cagey about disclosing the quantum of black money it has recovered.
despite being voluble about tackling corruption, the prime minister has shown little interest in appointing a lokpal (anti-graft ombudsman).
though the bill was passed in 2014 and an amendment incorporated last year, it has not been made operational on flimsy grounds.
despite the negatives, like a consummate illusionist, modi continues to win elections, from panchayat to state assemblies.
the prime minister was the mascot even for the delhi municipal corporation polls.
he has been able to fire citizens imagination with his nationalistic slogans -startup india, standup india, make in india, digital india, it+it=it, though they have since lost their sheen in the absence of follow-up action.
it will be wise for the prime minister to remember that his electoral success is due, to a large extent, to tina factor, a scenario that can change.
nevertheless, the government has time on its side to go in for course correction.
jan 23, 2016, ians 11:40 ista murder and a suicide have queered the pitch for the bjp's relations with two major communities - the muslims and dalits.
if mohammed akhlaq's lynching in dadri in uttar pradesh last september further alienated the muslims who were never very close to the bharatiya janata party (bjp) anyway, rohith vemula's suicide in hyderabad has dealt a crippling blow to the party's recent attempts to woo the dalits.
from this standpoint, the bjp will be greatly worried about the possible electoral impact of the young scholar's fateful decision to take his own life.
apparently unused to dealing with the aftermath of a protester killing himself, the bjp has made the situation worse for itself by taking a legalistic view of the tragedy by referring to rohith's last letter in which he absolved everyone of any responsibility for his death.
i am the only one responsible for this, he wrote.
do not trouble my friends and enemies on this after i am gone.
what the bjp failed to understand was the young man's highly-sensitive mind, which blamed his own fate of being born as a dalit for his plight.
my birth is my fatal accident.
never was a man treated as a glorious thing made up of stardust, he wrote with a knowledge of science that is beyond the capability of the average politician.
how touchy he was can also be seen from the sarcastic letter he wrote to the vice chancellor last month, asking him to provide all dalit students with 10 mg of a poison pill and a nice rope with directions to use when they feel like reading ambedkar.
this ironic letter has been seized upon by a bjp minister, thawar chand gehlot, to give a legal twist to the case by suggesting that rohith was suicidal.
it is understandable that a party as crassly combative as the bjp, one of whose ministers called its opponents haramzadon or illegitimate offspring, and another asked beef-eaters to go to pakistan, will not have a clue about such sensitiveness.
there is little doubt that the crudity of the ministers was behind the tragedy.
it followed union minister of state for labour bandaru dattatreya's description of the hyderabad university campus as a den of anti-nationals following a clash between a group of dalit and akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp) students, in which rohith was involved.
dattatreya apparently just could not accept the fact that his party's student wing can be targeted by the alleged anti-nationals when the bjp is in power at the centre.
hence his missive to human resource development minister smriti irani for intervening.
a senior colleague's anger and her own sympathies for the abvp evidently made irani badger the university authorities with as many as five letters for action.
vice chancellor appa rao podile - (irani's poodle?
) - had no option, therefore, but to stop rohith's monthly stipend and suspend him and four other students.
what is noteworthy about the entire episode is that it has all the hallmarks of the bjp's belligerent style of functioning against all those it regards as its adversaries.
one is to dub them anti-national and/or anti-hindu, and the other is to ride roughshod over institutional autonomy.
and a third is to describe all protests as manufactured, a phrase which finance minister arunjaitley used at the time when writers and artistes were returning their awards, and is being used again - along with the term, photo-ops - as opposition politicians pour into hyderabad.
while these charges and counter-charges may be typical of political skirmishes, what will cause the bjp sleepless nights is the likelihood of the dalits deserting the party in droves in the hindi heartland and elsewhere.
as it is, the bjp's hold on the dalits has tended to fluctuate.
in the 1990s, only one out of 10 dalits voted for it.
in 2014, however, one out of every four dalits voted for the bjp largely because of narendra modi's promise of development.
but the anger and distress felt by the community over the untimely death of a bright scholar cannot but have an adverse effect on the party in next year's uttar pradesh assembly elections, which will be the first real test for it in a state with a large dalit population.
the test will be crucial because, as the bihar outcome has shown, the bjp's influence on the backward castes and dalits is much less now than at the time of the last general election since modi's appeal has begun to fade away.
there is little doubt, therefore, that the hyderabad tragedy will seriously hamper its outreach to the dalits.
for modi, the suicide of a promising student is another headache at a time when nothing seems to be going right for him.
while the economy is refusing to cross the seven percent mark, the saffron militants have begun to make life difficult for him after a relatively quiet period by calling for building the ram temple and training children as young as eight years old in the use of firearms to fight the enemy.
these antics might have been described as irrelevant sideshows but for the death on the campus which can be ascribed to the bjp's intolerance of dissent which was noted earlier by sections of the intelligentsia.
(amulya ganguli is a political analyst.
the views expressed are personal.
ls passes bill to deal with cheque bounce casesnew delhi, aug 6, 2015 (pti) 18:27 ista bill providing for filing of cheque bounce cases at the place where a cheque is presented for clearance and not the place of issue, was approved by the lok sabha today.
the amendments in the negotiable instruments act will have implications for over 18 lakh cheque bounce cases pending in various courts, minister of state for finance jayant sinha said while piloting the negotiable instruments (amendment) bill 2015 in the house.
the bill seeks to replace an ordinance which was re-promulgated earlier.
though the bill was passed by the lok sabha in the budget session, it could not be approved by the rajya sabha, leading to the re-promulgation of the ordinance.
it is a small bill but has profound implications for the economy.
.
.
it will further enable enforcement of contract, sinha said, adding that the measure will help small traders, large corporates especially telecom companies which are facing a large backlog of cheque bounce cases.
responding to members' concerns for setting a time-frame to deal with cheque bounce cases, finance minister arunjaitley intervened during the discussion to say that though there was no time-frame, the act did provide procedures for resolution of such disputes and the onus on following them was on the courts.
he further said that the courts could send summons or notices through e-mails or any other speedier mode of communication to expedite resolution of disputes.
jaitley was responding to concerns expressed by some members that the practice of issuing summons through the postal department was resulting in delay in resolution of cheque bounce cases.
jaitley attacks rahul for sympathising with those who want to 'break india'vrindavan, march 6, 2016 (pti) 16:10 istfinance minister arunjaitley today launched a stinging attack on rahul gandhi for voicing 'sympathies' for 'those who raised slogans for breaking up india' and said it was the congress vice president's 'ideological hollowness' that he did something that likes of indira and rajiv gandhi never did.
the senior bjp leader also termed jnusu leader kanhaiya kumar's speech, delivered following his release on bail, a victory for us, saying he had gone to jail for raising anti-india slogans but came back to speak amid slogans of 'jai hind' and hoisting of the tricolour.
a new trend has started.
some people want to hold an event to commemorate yakub memon and some to commemorate afzal guru.
these people used to comprise a small section of jihadists and a big group of maoists.
slogans were raised for breaking up the country and it was the country's misfortune that a leader of congress, which has been in the mainstream so far, went there to express sympathies with those who did so.
it was ideological hollowness, he said.
bjp fulfilled its national responsibility and emerged victorious, he said, referring to kanhaiya's speech without naming the jnu student union president.
the jnu row and the opposition attack on the modi government and bjp was at the centre of the two-day bjym conclave with party chief amit shah, chief ministers and a number of union ministers raising the nationalist pitch and attacking congress, especially rahul.
noting that dysnastic parties suffered a big defeat in 2014 lok sabha poll during which congress leaders hardly made any reference to corruption, he spoke about a number of schemes, including jan dhan yojana and insurance schemes for life, health and crop, to underline the government's work to help the poor.
jaitley defended the party's aggressive stand on jnu row, and asked bjp workers to take the ideological battle forward while talking about the government's achievements with pride.
we will definitely win, he said.
addressing the gathering, bjym president and mp anurag thakur said the morcha members will spread across the country carrying the national flag to spread the message of nationalism.
given how the bjp lost a lot of votes in rural gujarat, the government is very likely to focus on alleviating stress in the farm sector during the run up to 2019 lok sabha elections.
since the budget in february will be the last full-ledged budget of the modi government before elections some major steps can be expected to protect the ruling party from the palpable rural discontent.
while the distress is real and needs to be addressed, the government will do well not to look at solutions that are purely meant to win it votes in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
rather, it must address the long-term structural crisis in indian agriculture.
growing fragmentation of land holdings, environmentally unsustainable practices in groundwater and fertiliser use, and climate change are some such factors.
though real rural wages have been rising fairly sharply since july 2016, and rural unemployment too has been falling since then, the rise in nominal wages has been slower.
this has increased the real indebtedness of land-owning farmers.
however, the government needs to desist from populist measures such as loan waivers that only end up creating a moral hazard.
instead, it could look at other steps such as framing a more liberal export policy that will fetch farmers better prices.
it should also refrain from bigger hikes in the msps, which are popular because they are visible, but benefit only a small section of farmers and distort cropping preferences in favour of a few crops.
instead, the government must step up agricultural reforms.
speeding cash transfers for fertilisers and pricing them at market rates will ensure correct usage and benefit all farmers instead of just the rich ones as happens right now.
more cash transfers for pds and winding down the fci will save the exchequer money and stop distorting price signals.
spending more on irrigation and crop insurance may not give immediate benefits, but will do more for farmers over even the medium term.
several reforms like contract farming or abolishing apmc require state governments to come on board, but a more stable export policy, greater use of cash transfers for fertilisers and food subsidies will ensure farmers get a higher share of retail prices.
these are all within the purview of the union government.
greater construction activities-rural roads, housing and irrigation-will also do a lot to raise rural incomes and jobs and to take the pressure off the farm sector.
new delhi, nov 6, 2012, dhns: 1:33 istbjp core group supports beleaguered party chiefafter a day-long drama, the bjp on tuesday night formally came out in support of their president nitin gadkari, accused of resorting to corrupt business practices, reportedly after the rss forced the party to back him.
after the two-hour meeting of the core group, bjp spokesperson ravi shankar prasad said, the party has full faith in his leadership.
prasad was merely reading out the statement by leaders of opposition in both houses of parliament, sushma swaraj and arun jaitely.
party patriarch l k advani, who was not present at the meeting, is believed to have expressed his caveat on carefully wording the party statement supporting gadkari, indicating that it should not be too sweeping to sanction a second term for him.
gadkaris present term ends on december 19 and the party has already made amendments in their constitution to facilitate his extension in office.
a gag order has also been issued to leaders, asking them not to issue statements in public about the gadkari controversy.
sangh ideologue s gurumurthy played a pivotal role in the save-gadkari campaign.
on the directions of the rss, it is learnt that gurumurthy went through the documents related to gadkaris companies and concluded that charges are not serious enough warranting his resignation.
he met jaitely, sushma and some senior disgruntled party leaders to assert that gadkari was not guilty as was being projected in the media.
advani was also shown the presentation and so were the attendees at the core group meeting.
crisis had deepened in the party after top lawyer mahesh jethmalani resigned from the bjp national executive committee to protest gadkaris continuance in office.
maheshs father and rajya sabha mp ram jethmalani had a press conference seeking gadkaris resignation.
he claimed that he and his son had the backing of three other senior leaders, jaswant singh, shatrughan sinha and yashwant sinha.
gadkari went knocking on doors to save his job.
he first met sushma swaraj and later jaitely early in the day to seek their support after gurumurthys report exonerated him.
later, sushma, ananth kumar and dharmendra pradhan met at advanis residence in the evening to chalk out the contours of the core group meeting.
rss, bjp leaders talktop rss leaders are also said to have called up bharatiya janata party leaders to fall in line.
jethmalani accepted that gurumurthy also met him.
i told him (gurumurthy) that it may be necessary for me to ask gadkari a few questions.
he says don't worry about it.
if you want to ask questions, gadkari will answer them, jethmalani told reporters.
gurumurthy tried to convince me.
he has seen the documents.
.
.
but i have not seen the documents, i am not prepared to accept any conclusion.
i have told him to give me all the documents along with a note by wednesday which i will study myself, the noted lawyer said.
it's just beginning, says pm as bjp mps endorse his 'crusade'new delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 13:09 istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man, prime minister narendra modi today said as the bjp parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade.
speaking at the first meeting of the bjp parliamentary party in the winter session, modi said the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money, fake currency and corruption and his government is working to rid the country of these evils and make the economy stronger.
rallying around the pm at a time when opposition parties have united to corner the government over the measure citing hardships being faced by the masses, party mps passed a unanimous resolution supporting demonetisation and gave him a standing ovation.
hitting out at the rival parties, the resolution asked them to decide whether they stand by the people of india and the government or hoarders of black money.
while hailing pm's great crusade against corruption, it accused the opposition of trying to provoke violence and chaos and disrupt parliament, union minister m venkaiah naidu told reporters.
we have come to power not for us or those close to us but for the poor.
for 70 years, the poor and the lower and middle classes suffered and have been exploited by black money, corruption and terrorism.
our aim is a deep, long and constant struggle against them.
this is not the end but only a beginning of our struggle, the prime minister said and cited measures like setting up of a sit on blackmoney and income disclosure scheme, 2016.
the resolution said the demonetisation move had people's support, claiming it was the most profound statement to have ever come from the country.
people are queueing up for a better india and all transformative decisions cause some pain, naidu said.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said the move is in benefit of the country and its people.
terming it as a historic decision, finance minister arunjaitley also briefed the party mps about different facets of the move and how it will help the economy.
five more iims, iits to come upnew delhi, july 10, 2014 (ians): 19:17 istfinance minister arunjaitley thursday said that five new iits and iims will be set up across the country.
.
.
.
five more iims (indian institutes of management) would be set up in the state of himachal pradesh, bihar, odisha, punjab and maharashtra.
i propose to allocate an amount of rs.500 crore for this.
jaitley said that the country needs a large number of courses of higher learning which are of world class, and proposed the setting up of the lok nayak jai prakash narayan national center for excellence in humanities in madhya pradesh.
60  of epf withdrawals to be taxed after april 1new delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns 1:33 isttouting as a measure to encourage investors to stay in pension schemes for a long time, the budget for 2016-17 proposed to tax 60 per cent of withdrawals from employees provident fund (epf) and other superannuation funds of the same nature if the same is not invested in annuity.
the proposal brings all pension funds including nps and other superannuation funds at par.
if a person withdraws 40   from any pension plan, he will not have to pay any tax.
however, if he withdraws 60 per cent from the pension funds and plans to consume it in that year, he will have to pay tax, minister of state for finance jayant sinha clarified post-budget 2016-17.
however, the rule will apply only to those funds which are created out of contributions made by employees from april 1, 2016.
at present, the epf is taxed only in case of an employee leaving his job before completion of five years.
epfo has nearly six crore subscribers.
in case of superannuation funds and recognised provident funds, including epf, the same norm of 40  of corpus to be tax free will apply in respect of corpus created out of contributions made after 1.
4.
pension schemes offer financial protection to senior citizens.
the budget proposed that annuity fund which goes to the legal heir after the death of a pensioner will not be taxable in all three cases.
it also proposed to enhance monetary limit for contribution of employer in recognised provident and superannuation fund to rs 1.
5 lakh per annum for availing tax benefit.
in the past one year inflation has been under control to a great extent.
.
.
overall inflation situation has been much better than it has been in the past one decade, he told reporters at the bjp headquarters here.
while the decline in international oil and commodity prices have helped cool inflation, the government too has taken steps to control food inflation that has led to both wholesale and retail inflation come down from a peak of 11 per cent, he said.
asked about the challenges facing the economy, finance minister said global economic situation and domestic agrarian scenario were a challenge.
domestic investment has to pick up, that is a challenge and even though on economic front we have succeeded in some areas.
.
.
these are three areas where there are challenges, he said, adding the global economic situation was beyond the control of the government.
5 crore people availing life and accidental insurance cover under the jan suraksha and jeevan jyoti schemes.
the government, he said, wants to more than double the insurance coverage to 40-50 per cent in the near-term.
with 11 per cent of population having pension plans, the atal pension yojana wants to make india into a far bigger pensioned society.
if india grows by 7.
5 per cent, india should never be satisfied.
the wholesale inflation dropped to a record low of (-)2.
65 per cent and the retail inflation was at a four year low of 4.
87 per cent in april.
under the erstwhile service tax law, almost all race clubs in the country faced a conundrum: on what amount were they to discharge their service tax liability -- the total stake money received by them from persons who bet, or on the commission charged by the club for conducting the races and distributing the monies received to the winners?
logically, it should have been on the commission they received, but court decisions have gone either way, resulting in the fact that these race clubs transitioned to gst without any clarity on the amount on which they would have to discharge their liability.
they thought clarity was provided by heading 9996 in notification no 11/2017-central tax(rate)-28 june 2017, which stated that services provided by a race club by way of totalisator or a license to bookmaker in such club would be taxed at 28 .
though this was an improvement over the erstwhile law, the value on which gst needed to be paid was not clearly stated.
principles of valuation under gst are enshrined in the provisions regarding value of supply.
section 15(1) of the cgst act defines value of supply to mean the transaction value - which has further been defined to be the price actually paid or payable for the said supply of goods or services or both, where the supplier and the recipient of the supply are not related, and the price is the sole consideration for the supply.
the textbook definition of price is the amount of money expected, required or given in payment for something.
in the case of race clubs, the only amount they require and expect participants to give in payment is their commission.
the stake money is entirely optional and voluntary - this amount is something that the race club does not determine and hence does not expect or require.
it has been reported recently that bangalore turf club has received an educative note from the tax department that they need to discharge their gst liability on the entire amount they receive and not only on the commission, as the club has been doing.
it is not too difficult to decipher why the department is taking this stance - the amounts involved are large and the difference in tax, if one goes by the tax department's reckoning, is about four times the liability by the club's reading.
it will only be a matter of time before other racing clubs get educative notes, too.
section 2 (102) of the cgst act defines services as anything other than goods, money and securities but includes activities relating to the use of money or its conversion by cash or by any other mode, from one form, currency or denomination, to another form, currency or denomination for which a separate consideration is charged.
race clubs charge a separate consideration (commission) for using the money paid by all the bookmakers to distribute prize monies amongst the winners.
the usual way is to take the entire amount from the bookmaker and reduce their commission before the amounts are distributed - the deduction could be considered a separate consideration.
contentious notein its note, the commercial tax department seems to have claimed that the service provided by a race club by way of totaliser is a principal supply for which the club has to pay gst on the entire amount.
section 2(90) of the cgst act defines principal supply to be the supply of goods or services which constitutes the predominant element of a composite supply and to which any other supply forming part of that composite supply is ancillary.
section 2(30) of the cgst act defines composite supply to be a supply made by a taxable person to a recipient consisting of two or more taxable supplies of goods or services or both, or any combination thereof, which are naturally bundled and supplied in conjunction with each other in the ordinary course of business, one of which is a principal supply.
here is an illustration: where goods are packed and transported with insurance, the supply of goods, packing materials, transport and insurance is 'composite supply' and supply of goods is 'principal supply'.
we can slice and dice the activities of a race club to the minutest detail but the only activity that can be considered to be a supply would be conducting of races and distribution of prize monies, for which they charge a commission.
for a moment, if the tax department does not look at this transaction from the viewpoint of the amount of tax they could gather but from a realistic perspective, it can be seen that the business model of a racing club is not very different from that of a stockbroker or a travel agent - both of whom are liable to gst only on the income (commission) they earn and not on the moneys that pass through them.
the gst dilemma that race clubs find themselves in today has all the ingredients of becoming a long-drawn-out litigation if it is not fixed immediately.
while the gst council is busy simplifying the compliance aspects of the law, they also need to keep an eye out for needless litigation.
budget 2018 will provide an opportunity for finance minister arunjaitley to clarify that race clubs need to discharge their gst liability only on the commission they receive.
all that needs to be done is for the cbec to issue a notification similar to vat notice 701/29 issued by the hmrc in the united kingdom.
the notice defines stake money as the money paid by each player which is risked in the game and is returned as winnings to the winning player(s).
the notice clarifies that it is outside the scope of vat as it is not consideration for any supply by, for example, the gaming club to the player.
gst laws in india desperately need such clear and unambiguous notifications.
after the shortest winter session of parliament since 1999, with only 14 sittings, the budget session began on monday with the customary president's address.
soon after the upper and lower houses of parliament met and finance minister arunjaitley tabled the economic survey 2017-18 in the lok sabha, both houses were adjourned to meet on february 1, when the union budget for 2018-19 will be presented.
the first part of the budget session will last only till february 9.
after a recess of nearly a month, the session will resume on march 5 and go on until april 6.
at the all-party meeting held on sunday to discuss the business that the government proposes for the session, opposition parties have expectedly hit out at the government for such a short first phase of the session, accusing it of running away from critical issues it wanted to raise.
that the government side remained silent through the all-party meeting indicates that despite brave words, the treasury benches seem to have no appetite to face the opposition at a time when the latter appears set to pin down the government on issues such as the crisis in the judiciary, the implementation of the gst, farmers' distress and the free play violent fringe groups have been allowed in the bjp ruled states.
there are only four full working days in the first part of the session, during which the budget is to be presented.
the only law that the government wants to be passed is the triple talaq bill, with an obvious political agenda.
in fact, a reluctance to face parliament has been one of the pronounced characteristics of the modi government.
according to an analysis by public data analysis website, factly, the average number of budget session sittings during the first nda government was 37, which fell to 34 during the two successive terms of the upa government.
during the first three years of the modi-led second nda government, it has fallen to 32.
this is unfortunate.
in a liberal democracy, discussions and debates on important issues of the day are key functions of a parliament apart from discussion and debate for the purpose of immediate legislation.
both the treasury benches and the opposition benefit from such discussions.
it is the duty of the government to convene parliamentary sessions and to give enough time and space for debate on the burning issues of the day.
as edmund burke famously said, parliament is a deliberative assembly of one nation, with one interest, that of the whole.
the modi government must realise that it is not in the national interest to dilute the deliberative function of parliament.
involve youth in pm's initiatives, says presidentnew delhi, feb 11, 2015 (ians) 15:29 istdescribing youth as the potential engine of growth, president pranab mukherjee wednesday called for improving their employability to make prime minister narendra modi's make in india campaign a success.
india is projected to have the largest workforce in the world by 2025, with a surplus of 47 million workers against a shortage of 56.
5 million skilled workers in the world, the president said at the 46th conference of governors at rashtrapati bhavan here.
this demographic dividend is a double-edged sword.
if their huge potential is tapped, they could become a powerful engine for growth.
on the other hand, if we fail to do so, it could create social tension, he said.
mukherjee expressed hope the government will evolve an appropriate skill development framework, remove the demand-supply disconnect for skilled manpower, promote public-private partnerships and expand youth entrepreneurship education, said an official communique.
he requested the executive heads of the states and the union territories to promote skill development among youth and play a persuasive role in the implementation of the jan dhan yojna as well as the swachh bharat mission.
pointing out that over 60 percent of the rural population does not have access to sanitation facilities, the president said that we must reverse this position by addressing problem areas like affordability and mindset through innovative solutions.
mukherjee underscored the importance of primary responsibility of the governors and lt.
governors to ensure that the affairs of the states and union territories are conducted strictly in accordance with the letter and spirit of the constitution to safeguard the democratic and secular fabric of the country.
prevalence of peace and communal harmony must be ensured, he said.
the constitution of india is the guiding document that provides the framework for governance.
.
.
any deviation from the principles and provisions embodied in the constitution would weaken the democratic fabric of the country and jeopardise the social, economic and political well-being of our citizens, he said in his opening address attended by 21 governors and two lt.
governors.
modi, union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arunjaitley , along with other cabinet minsters were present.
mukherjee called upon prioritizing infrastructural development in the northeast, adding that ethnic tension in the state must not be tolerated.
ethnic violence in assam needs to be countered effectively, especially the sinister motives to drive a wedge between bodo and non-bodo sections.
the genuine aspirations of the bodo people in terms of development must be addressed expeditiously.
under no circumstances can the spread of ethnic hatred be tolerated, he said.
a policy of maintaining peaceful relations with all countries governed india's external affairs and all disputes relating to our border areas or otherwise should be resolved through peaceful means, mukherjee said.
speaking on issues relating to fifth schedule of the constitution, mukherjee called upon governors and lt.
governors to closely monitor development programmes with special focus on quality of education and health.
he said the autonomous councils and autonomous district councils set, up under the sixth schedule of the constitution, in assam meghalaya, mizoram and tripura enjoy legislative, executive, financial and judicial powers.
the two-day conference seeks to discuss internal and external security issues with a special focus on border security in states sharing international frontiers as well as financial inclusion, employment generation and employability that would make skill development programmes effective.
bjp tells k'taka rebels to shun differencesnew delhi, jun 28, 2012, dhns : 1:08 istthe bjp top brass on thursday sternly told warring factions in partys karnataka unit to sink their differences till presidential poll is over next month.
the party core committee, comprising senior leaders, met here to discuss the presidential elections scheduled on july 19, did not formally discuss the karnataka political developments.
at the end of the meeting, chaired by party president nitin gadkari and attended by other senior leaders, including l k advani, sushma swaraj, arunjaitley , ananth kumar and murali manohar joshi, one of the participants tried to raise the karnataka issue.
however, he was told by others that the issue should not be taken up till the completion of the presidential elections, fearing it would divert the attention.
after the core committee meeting, ananth kumar told reporters that the meeting discussed only presidential poll and karnataka issue did not come up.
however, gadkari briefly discussed karnataka developments with senior leaders arunjaitley and ananth kumar and karnatakas party general secretary dharmendra pradhan.
though what exactly transpired at the meeting is not known, sources said that leaders have decided to issue stern instruction to state leaders to adhere to the party discipline and not to hold any meetings or issue public statements.
interestingly, gowda, who had planned to rush to national capital along with 12 of his trusted ministers in a charted plane on thursday afternoon, was forced to abort following advice by national leaders.
dismissing the theory of possible replacement of gowda immediately, the sources said that the chief minister pressed panic button and was rushing to delhi to present his case.
he was not summoned by the party top brass, the sources added.
however, they said that the national leaders are seized with the dissident activities in the state unit and will work out a solution soon.
state unit president k s eshwarappa, who landed here in the evening, on his way to uttarkhand tour on friday, met dharmendra pradhan late in the night and explained the current political situation.
however, eshwarappa did not meet gadkari as the latter left for nagpur after the meeting.
speaking to reporters, eshwarappa said there is no change of guard in the state and sadananda gowda will continue as the chief minister.
terming media reports that gowda will be replaced with rural development minister jagadish shettar or himself, he said it was mere a speculation and there is no truth in it.
when the government rolled out the gst in the middle of last year, it was pretty confident of the new indirect tax regime bringing in desired revenues to help reduce direct taxes significantly for the salaried class.
in the first month of gst implementation, it did happen.
the gst collection was a whopping rs 92,283 crore in july, and a jubilant finance minister arunjaitley told the press that the red line had been crossed in the first month itself.
the red line was rs 91,000 crore.
he said the government was comfortable going forward, as it expected revenues to keep climbing with the increase in number of gst filers.
it was around that time when arunjaitley was heard lauding gst compliance, and talking of bigger reforms such as lowering gst slabs from the present four to just one or two.
he was also heard talking of bringing in more reforms on direct taxes, and eventually giving relief to the salaried class once the government systematically shored up revenues.
six months down the line, the gst revenues have disappointed.
there has been a continuous fall month by month and the collections have been down to the rs 80,000-mark in november, the data for which is available as of now.
worst, officials have confided that the december gst collections are going to be lower than november.
the comfort about which arunjaitley appeared sure about, appears to be vanishing.
and, after the last week's gst council meeting, the narrative has changed from trust on traders with regard to filing returns, to that of cracking the whip on gst evaders.
he was visibly pained to reveal that while the number of traders registered under the compliance scheme of paying gst had crossed 17 lakh, the revenue generated through that window was only rs 307 crore in the july-september period.
now, the gst council is thinking of bringing back some of the relaxed norms such as reverse charge mechanism and invoice matching ahead of the deadline to identify evasion and plug leakages.
it has already set the deadline of february 1 for making eway bill compulsory for movement of goods valued more than rs 50,000 within and outside a state.
the eway bill is an online registration of goods to be transported, the details of which are uploaded by the supplier and transporter.
the tax authorities in turn match the eway bill with the actual consignment to check for tax evasion.
while many believe that frequent lowering of gst rates on various goods and services is responsible for constant lowered collection of gst levies, the government suspects payment for many transactions are being done in cash to avoid gst.
they also suspect under-invoicing of goods to be the major cause of depletion in revenues.
a third factor making a dent into gst revenues is believed to be the multiple filing of returns under the regime.
to address it, the council has taken help from infosys chairman nandan nilekani.
he is expected to remodel the return-filing process and eventually bring it down to a one-stage filing in place of the current three stages.
the move will also improve timely revenue generation so that month-on-month figures too look healthy.
but till now, the cumulative impact of all that is the centre staring at indirect tax receipts falling short of the budget target.
at the same time, the states are demanding more compensation for their revenue losses.
to make some adjustments, the gst council has authorised allocation of the integrated gst credits of rs 35,000 crore between the centre and the states, albeit on a provisional basis.
the gst council is of firm faith that the anti-evasion measures will boost gst revenues to the tune of 25 .
robust revenues are needed for the government to take up bolder reforms under the gst regime.
also, systematic flow of revenues from the indirect taxes and non-tax revenues are required to bring in reforms on the direct taxes side.
the union budget is round the corner.
both prime minister narendra modi and arunjaitley have hinted at an overhaul of age-old direct tax laws which moves towards lowering the tax burden on payers.
no one knows what is in the finance minister's briefcase which he carries to parliament on budget day.
falling revenues may hold him back from giving a big income tax rebate, but 2019 parliamentary polls looming large can fork that out too.
present gst bill flawed: chidambaramnew delhi, dec 20, 2015, (pti): 11:42 istformer finance minister p chidambaram today said the present gst bill is flawed and the government could get the legislation passed by addressing the concerns of the congress party.
he said the cap on gst rate can be provided in the constitution amendment bill through skilful drafting and for that the government should talk to the opposition.
agree with fm.
a delayed gst is better than a flawed one.
present gst bill is flawed, chidambaram tweeted.
chidambaram suggested to scrap the one per cent addition tax on inter-state movement of goods.
one percent tax is anyway dead.
scrap the provision.
meet congress' three weighty objections and the bill could be passed, he tweeted.
the congress has been opposing the present constitution amendment bill on goods and services tax (gst) on three grounds.
they want the gst rate to be prescribed in the bill, to which the government says tax rates cannot be 'cast in stone'.
chidambaram said: rate cap can be provided in the bill through skilful drafting.
talk to opposition.
the congress has also been demanding for supreme court adjudicating disputes between states.
no state is opposed to independent dispute resolution mechanism.
set it up, chidambaram tweeted.
the cabinet has recommended promulgation of ordinance to the president in order to resolve the pending issues particularly the situation arising out of a supreme court judgment quashing allocation of coal blocks, he said.
as per the ordinance, all the cancelled coal blocks will be put in a pool for auction to end-users in the 3 core sectors of power, steel and cement, the finance minister said.
the auction of these mines would be done in a transparent manner through e-auction to actual users of the captive coal mines.
the government would not have any discretionary powers on the process.
most of the mines in question are located in the eastern region and the revenue from the auctions would go to the states concerned, the finance minister told reporters.
the revival of mining in this case would be a financial empowerment and eastern states and lakhs of people would get employment, arunjaitley added.
off the recordoctober 19, 2015, dhns 0:03 istfrom shotgun to devgnthough the bjp had named party mp from patna sahib, shatrughan sinha, as one of the 40 star campaigners for the bihar assembly poll, the services of shotgun were never used in his home state arguably for the first time in the last 25 years.
instead, the party relied more on ajay devgn, who has little to do with bihar, but was still roped in to pull crowds at the bjp rally.
the move, however, boomeranged as devgn visited bihar twice for campaigning but could not address any public meeting even once.
the first such occasion was at parbatta in khagaria where the crowd, on seeing the actor, became so over-enthusiastic that devgn had to fly back without addressing them.
similar incident took place at biharsharif in nalanda.
as the crowd became violent, police had to lathi-charge.
in return, the mob pelted stones.
as a result, devgn show was abandoned.
but scores of injured cops and locals were left licking their wounds.
abhay kumar, patnapawar gamesnationalist congress party chief sharad pawar has ruled out bailing out the bjp if the shiv sena walked out of the coalition in maharashtra.
in fact, he has even said power was like a block of jaggery and termed the bjp and shiv sena as ants drawn to it, sucking as much sweetness as they could.
yet, eight months after he invited prime minister narendra modi to his home turf, pawar has fuelled speculation in political circles by hosting finance minister arunjaitley at baramati.
jaitley spent a night at pawar's govind baug residence near baramati.
the next day, the fm praised pawar's contribution in making his home turf baramati as one of the most developed regions in the country.
last year, pawar's party had offered unconditional outside support to the bjp after the latter emerged as the single largest party to stake claim to form government after assembly elections.
the sena can only feel more bitter!
shekhar iyer, new delhikey absenteesindia is facing acute shortage of pulses that have sent prices out of reach of the common man.
however, the key persons who should be leading the initiative to ensure availability of the kitchen staple -- agriculture minister radhamohan singh and consumer affairs minister ramvilas paswan are busy with campaigning for the bihar assembly election.
their absence from delhi has the sanction of prime minister narendra modi.
senior officials from the two ministries are coordinating with the pmo and the cabinet secretariat in tackling the pulses situation.
sagar kulkarni, new delhilisting woesat times, listing of a particular case in supreme court leaves much to be desired.
it not only delays the hearing but makes the judges also face awkward situation.
recently, in a case relating to a medical college seeking extension of admiss-ion deadline, a senior advocate pointed out before the bench that a coordinate bench has passed an order allowing the plea in case of another college.
the judges were quick to say, let the matter then be posted before that bench only as it would be better suited in the circumstances.
but the senior advocate was not ready to budge, saying it would further prolong the matter as time was running out.
he went on to say the supreme court of india of late has become the supreme courts (italicised) of india, indicating lack of consistency in pronouncing orders in similar cases.
rajnath asks writers, scientists to come meet pm, give suggestionsvaranasi, nov 1, 2015, pti: 22:08 istamidst the row over claims of rising intolerance in the country, home minister rajnath singh today asked artistes and intellectuals to come and meet prime minsiter narendra modi to suggest ways to resolve the crisis even as he wondered why the nda government and the prime minister were being targeted over the issue.
on a day when writers and artistes vehemently denied that congress and leftists were behind the protest that has seen several of them return their state-conferred honours, singh also said that returning awards is not the right thing.
assuring that the government would take their suggestions seriously and will act upon them in the wake of their charge of growing intolerance in the country, he said returning awards is not the right thing, i request the writers and scientists to come and meet the prime minister and give their suggestions, the union government will take concrete steps on those.
addressing a function organised here by akhil bharatiya vidyut parishad, singh also said it was wrong to target nda government and the prime minister on the issue as law and order was a state subject and the union government only extended assistance as and when needed.
it's beyond my understanding, why they are targeting the (nda) government and our prime minister on this issue, he said, adding it's not right to target the government and pm.
talking to reporters on the sidelines of the event, singh also said that the nda government will not function not on the basis of caste or religion but humanity and justice.
meanwhile, talking about the bihar polls, he expressed confidence that the bjp-led nda will form the government there.
he claimed that even analysts had forecast victory for nda in bihar with a clear majority.
at a resistance (pratirodh) meet today in the national capital writers, artistes, thinkers and academics had gathered to protest what they termed an attack on reason, democracy and composite culture.
they also took umbrage at union minister arun jaitley's remarks dubbing their protest as manufactured rebellion, questioning how he could make such a claim when the president, many business leaders as well as common people have joined in voicing concern over the disturbing trend.
bjp keeps options open on govt formation in maharashtranew delhi, oct 21, 2014, (pti): 14:45 istkeeping all its options open for government formation in maharashtra, bjp today indicated that it is in no hurry to decide on whose support it would take while making it clear that it will not blink first in the battle of nerves with estranged ally shiv sena.
ahead of government formation, union minister and former bjp chief nitin gadkari today met finance minister arunjaitley at the latter's residence and spent about half an hour with him to discuss the party's strategy ahead.
after the meeting gadkari will leave for nagpur to hold discussions with the rss top brass on its options ahead.
rss is keen that the saffron forces should united but have left it to the bjp to decide.
the proposed meeting of newly-elected party mla's in mumbai to elect their leader has also been postponed as home minister rajnath singh, who was appointed its observer, will now travel after diwali.
i am not going today.
i think i will visit mumbai after diwali, he told reporters here.
singh was to be accompanied by bjp general secretary j p nadda to finalise on the leader of the bjp legislature party in maharashtra.
jaitley and gadkari are reported to have discussed the party's choices available for government formation in the state.
ncp has already offered unconditional support to the bjp, but the saffron party has not decided on whether to accept it or not.
in the 288-member maharashtra assembly, bjp has won 123 seats, 22 short of a majority.
sena, which has emerged the second largest, bagged 63 seats.
ncp with 41 has already decided to extend outside support to bjp.
bjp may elect its leader and form a government and prove its majority on the floor of the house with a simple majority from the mlas present with ncp abstaining.
this option, party insiders say, will help maintain dignity as it will not have to seek the support of ncp as some of its leaders are facing corruption allegations.
sources say the party is in no hurry to decide on tying up again with shiv sena, which broke the alliance ahead of elections over seat sharing.
sources add that the party is not ready go give in to shiv sena's demands or arm-twisting if they decide to go together in government formation in the state and if this were to happen, it has to be unconditional from the uddhav thackeray-led party.
though there is speculation of a back-channel talk between the two sides, there was no confirmation if such an exercise was on.
meanwhile, the name of bjp's maharashtra chief devendra fadnavis emerged as the front runner for the chief minister's post overcoming challenge from other veterans including eknath khadse and vinod tawde.
amit shah's meeting yesterday with gadkari raised speculation that the union minister was in the race but it appeared to be ruled out by party insiders.
govt to set up 1,500 multi-skill training institutesanil sinha new delhi, mar 01, 2016, dhns 1:09 istthe government, with an allocation of rs 1,700 crore, will set up 1,500 multi-skill training institutes across the country.
the finance minister said that skill india mission seeks to capitalise our demographic advantage.
since its launch, the national skill development mission has created an elaborate skilling eco-system and imparted training to 76 lakh youth, we have decided to set-up a national board for skill development certification in partnership with the industry and academia.
we propose to further scale-up pradhan mantri kaushal vikas yojana to skill one crore youth over the next three years, the minister said.
study onlinejaitley also said that entrepreneurship, education and training will be provided in 2,200 colleges, 300 schools, 500 government itis and 50 vocational training centres through massive open online courses, adding that aspiring entrepreneurs, particularly those from remote parts of the country, will be connected to mentors and credit markets.
the budget also proposes to inter-link state employment exchanges with the national career service platform.
a national career service was launched in july, 2015.
already 35 million jobs seekers have registered on this platform.
in the new budget, the government proposes to make 100 model career centres operational by the end of 2016-17, the finance minister said.
vikram seth backs sahitya akademi's condemnation of writers' killingnew delhi, oct 23, 2015 (pti) 20:13 isteminent author vikram seth today came out in support of the sahitya akademi statement denouncing the recent killing of writers, saying it has condemned the atmosphere of fear sought to created by such acts and actred as an independent body.
at an emergency board meeting here, the akademi came out with a resolution strongly condemning the killing of kannada writer m m kalburgi and others while urging litterateurs to take back awards they have returned.
welcoming the akademi statement, 63-year-old seth, who has authored award winning books like 'a suitable boy' and for his travelogue 'from heaven lake: travels through sinkiang and tibet', told ndtv, it shows that the board has acted as an independent body.
it (akademi) has condemned any attempt to suppress free speech and of course the ultimate suppression of free speech is where you stop your lips and dead in the hand, in other words, murder.
it has also condemned the atmosphere of fear that is sought to be inculcated by acts of assassination such as these and this form of tear/terror has been condemned in the strongest possible terms, he said.
seth said had it not been for the writers who gave up their akademi awards, this board meeting would not have been advanced from december.
at least 36 authors have gven up their akademi awards and five others have relinquished their posts in the literary body protesting against the recent killing of writers and rising intolerance in the country.
observing that it was not easy for writers to give up their awards, he said as to get a mark of appreciation from their peers, their fellow writers, is something that gives them great comfort.
from what i understand, there was a lot of pressure on them (akademi), he said, adding, that its statement has sent a strong message that the writers will maintain their autonomy and will respect those of others.
i think that our strength lies in the fact that we are individual voices who can on crucial matters come together, he said.
seth also said that finance minister arunjaitley was one of the very few people who spoke out very early about the dreadful lynching at dadri.
other people remained fairly quiet.
jaitley is one of the very few people in that party (bjp) who spoke out, he said.
i-t exemption sought for vtunew delhi, june 11, 2015, dhns: 0:30 istunion finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday assured the state government that the income tax (i-t) department would study and take a decision as per the law in connection with attaching two bank accounts of the visvesvaraya technological university (vtu).
chief minister siddaramaiah, who met arunjaitley here, appealed for tax exemption to vtu stating that the institution was run by the state government on a no-profit basis.
he brought to jaitley's notice that vtu was established by the government and as per the vtu act, 1994, its income was exempt from tax.
the finance minister assured me that he would ask the i-t department to study the issue and take appropriate decision as per law, siddaramaiah told reporters after the meeting.
the i-t department recovered tax to the tune of rs 439 crore from vtu for assessment years 2004-05 to 2013-14.
it claimed rs 250 crore of basic tax dues besides interest on the due amount and penalty.
the university had first approached the income-tax tribunal seeking exemption from tax.
when the tribunal ruled in favour of the department, the vtu appealed in the high court.
though the court granted interim stay in preliminary hearing, in the final hearing on december 20, 2013, it dismissed vtu's appeal.
following the court order, the i-t department froze two bank accounts of vtu.
the i-t department said vtu had bank deposits worth over rs 400 crore and it had not paid i-t.
month-long winter session to commence on november 24new delhi, oct 27, 2014, (pti) 14:28 istwinter session of parliament will start from november 24 and conclude on december 23 during which a heavy legislative agenda is on the cards.
the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs headed by home minister rajnath singh today recommended the dates to the president.
the month-long session will have a total of 22 sittings in which four days have been earmarked for private members' business.
a total of 67 bills -- 59 in rajya sabha and eight in lok sabha -- are pending and the government will push for passage of at least 30 to 35 legislations, a senior minister said.
this will be the second major session since the narendra modi government took over in may.
the long wait for finalisation of seating arrangement in lok sabha is expected to be over before the session commences, almost six months after the constitution of the new house.
we expect the arrangement to be in place before the winter session, said an official at parliament over the exercise which has dragged on after the declaration of the results of the 16th lok sabha polls on may 16.
average number of sittings in the past five winter sessions has been 22 and the dates were decided based on precedents, source said.
finance minister arunjaitley , external affairs minister sushma swaraj, law minister ravi shankar prasad, chemicals and fertilisers minister anant kumar and parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu are members of the committee.
hrd minister smriti irani and ministers of state for parliamentary affairs prakash javadekar and santosh gangwar are special invitees to the committee.
sealing of cm's office unprecedented: mamatakolkata, dec 15, 2015, (pti) 14:18 istamidst claim by delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal that his office was raided by cbi, his west bengal counterpart mamata banerjee today said she was shocked by the unprecedented action.
sealing of a chief minister's office is unprecedented.
i am shocked, banerjee tweeted.
kejriwal's claim was denied by the cbi as well as finance minister arunjaitley in rajya sabha where the opposition created an uproar and forced a couple of adjournments.
cbi raids my office, kejriwal claimed in a tweet.
tmc national spokesperson derek o' brien said in a statement that his party demanded clarification from the centre on the raid.
cbi raid on arvind kejriwal's office is unprecedented.
the union government has to clarify.
has emergency been declared?
, he said.
tmc would take up the matter in the rajya sabha, he said.
trinamool has given notice in the rajya sabha under rule 267 to suspend usual business and immediately take up discussion on the issue, he said.
nitish invites pm for oath ceremony on nov 20patna, nov 18, 2015 (pti) 14:53 istbihar chief minister designate nitish kumar today extended invitation to prime minister narendra modi for the oath ceremony of his new government on friday.
kumar talked to the pm over telephone and extended his invitation for the oath function at gandhi maidan at 2 pm on november 20, sources in the chief minister's office said.
with the four-day chhath festival ending this morning, kumar telephoned prominent leaders personally to invite them for the swearing-in ceremony of the new government.
bihar jd(u) president basistha narayan singh said inviting the prime minister was a political etiquette and it was now on him whether to come or not.
on being asked about the invitation, bihar bjp vice president sanjay mayukh told pti that pm due to his prior fixed programmes might not be able to attend the ceremony.
he said parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu and minister of state (independent charge) rajiv pratap rudy would represent the union government at the swearing-in function.
the pm had congratulated kumar on the day of the poll results on november 8 over the grand secular alliance's massive victory in bihar.
the sources in cmo said kumar had also telephoned union home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arunjaitley , external affairs minister sushma swaraj and other central ministers and invited them for the oath ceremony.
state congress president ashok choudhary told pti that party vice president rahul gandhi in all likelihood would attend the swearing-in function.
rahul had played an important role in cementing bonds between three parties jd(u), rjd and congress and also in naming kumar the cm face of the grand secular alliance.
he had addressed eight rallies in favour of secular alliance candidates during the poll campaign.
chief ministers of other states like mamata banerjee, arvind kejriwal, tarun gogoi and akhilesh yadav are expected to attend the ceremony to display a picture of unity among parties opposed to bjp.
samajwadi party mp from mainpuri tej pratap yadav, who is here in connection with chhath observed by his mother-in-law rabri devi, confirmed that yadav would attend the ceremony.
kumar and rjd chief lalu prasad wish to make the oath ceremony a big event by bringing together leaders of different parties which are opposed to bjp.
black money info will embarrass cong: jaitleynew delhi, oct 21, 2014, dhns: 1:38 isthot on the heels of prime minister narendra modis stand that the government will disclose names of some persons under probe for stashing black money abroad, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday quipped, the congress would be embarrassed by the names when we reveal them in court.
jaitley said in a tv interview that the government had never said that it would not reveal the names of indians who have undeclared income parked in foreign bank accounts.
he underlined that this process would not take much time.
once we inform the court, the names will automatically be in public domain.
the media and congress got this story all wrong, he told ndtv, adding that its the congress which needs to worry, not the bjp.
jaitley said the tax treaties that compel confidentiality at this stage of investigation were signed by the congress government in 1995.
switzerland has agreed to share information about those indians against whom evidence has already been collected in india by tax officials.
given switzerlands confidentiality rules, this is a major breakthrough, he said.
the bjp came under flak from the congress and other parties after the government told the supreme court that it cannot yet make public a list handed over by germany in 2009 of indians with accounts in the tax haven of lichtenstein.
the information cannot be disclosed until probe was completed and cases filed in court, the government had said.
the congress charged the bjp with hoodwinking the people by making black money one of its major poll planks in the run-up to the lok sabha elections and promising to bring back the money from foreign banks.
government to enact law for regulating moneylendersbelagavi/bengaluru, july 09, 2015, dhns 0:37 istthe state government will soon enact a piece of legislation to regulate private moneylending business in the state, law minister t b jayachandra said on wednesday.
replying to a debate on farmers' suicides in the legislative assembly, he said that a number of legislators had complained that the farmers were resorting to the extreme step as they were unable to repay high-interest loans taken from private moneylenders.
private moneylenders are exploiting the farmers.
they have to be regulated by bringing their business under the ambit of law, he added.
congress mla k r ramesh kumar said that existing laws were sufficient to deal with the moneylenders.
raids should be conducted regularly and the guilty should be arrested immediately in order to prevent exploitation of farmers, he added.
cooperation minister h s mahadeva prasad said an enforcement cell will be set up to identify and act against private moneylenders who take the farmers for a ride.
the cell will identify the moneylenders who charge exorbitant interest.
it will function in coordination with the police and the revenue department officials, he added.
the chief minister turned down the bjp's demand to waive loans availed by grape and pomegranate farmers from nationalised banks.
all nationalised banks come under the ambit of the union.
the state government has already written to union finance minister arunjaitley in this regard, he added, intervening in a debate on the implementation of dr d n nanjundappa committee report.
earlier, opposition leader jagadish shettar said the government should waive loans taken by grapes and pomegranate growers in order to prevent farmers suicides.
he also suggested that the chief minister should take an all-party delegation to delhi and urge the centre to come to the rescue of debt-ridden farmers.
new delhi, feb 3, 2017, dhns: 1:06 istthe centre is toying with the idea of giving free cheques to a section of the most vulnerable to raise their incomes to a certain threshold.
the idea is on the lines of the economic surveys pitch for a universal basic income (ubi).
the budget, however, did not propose ubi.
we have mostly an unstructured and untargeted subsidy regime in india.
many subsidies like that for fertiliser are used more by the rich.
he said ubi was a wonderful idea if implemented, but indian politics needed to reach a mature level to do that.
the congress had opposed the idea way ahead of the budget.
anticipating that the government may toy with ubi, former finance minister p chidambaram had rejected the idea on the premise that the resources at the governments disposal is not sufficient to foot a huge ubi bill.
ubi is a form of social security under which the state transfers a certain sum of money to its poor citizens to supplement their income to reach a certain threshold.
it is an alternative to the existing subsidy regime and plethora of welfare schemes which are not well-targeted and there are complaints of large-scale leakage.
rahul gandhi today singularly targeted prime minister narendra as he led the opposition attack on government in lok sabha, saying a fair and lovely scheme had been brought to launder blackmoney and slammed it over jnu and dalit student rohith vemula issue besides the pakistan policy.
in acerbic remarks on modi's style of functioning, the congress vice president, while participating in the motion of thanks to the president's address, accused him of not listening to anyone's opinion including that of his ministers and mps.
he also ridiculed modi's ambitious 'make in india' programme, saying the prime minister has created a 'babbar sher' (asiatic lion) in which clock and wheels are seen moving and questioned how many jobs have been created.
hitting back, the ruling bjp said lessons on corruption should not be given by those who looted the country and reminded about scams like 2g and coal block allocation during the previous upa tenure which had tarnished india's image among investors.
pralhad joshi, fielded by bjp, accused the upa of misusing the power and compromising the national security by changing the affidavit in ishrat jahan case with a view to torture modi and amit shah.
he also mentioned the national herald case involving top congress leadership which currently is in courts.
gandhi, while attacking bjp, said, you have been taught by your teachers in the rss that there is one truth in the universe--your own and nobody else's opinion matters.
focussing his attack on modi, he said, the prime minister cannot run the country with his opinion alone.
the country is not pm and pm is not the country.
attacking the scheme on blackmoney announced in the budget on monday, gandhi said, nobody who has blackmoney will be jailed under modi's 'fair and lovely' scheme.
all those who have blackmoney can make it white under this scheme.
recalling modi's promise of putting people with blackmoney behind bars, the congress leader said the government had instead come up with a way to help such people.
he was referring to the one-time four-month compliance window announced by finance minister arunjaitley under which people with domestic blackmoney can come clean by paying 45 per cent tax and penalty and get immunity from prosecution.
gandhi was sharply critical of the government over the turmoil in delhi's jnu and maintained that student leader kanhaiya kumar, who has been charged with sedition, had not uttered a single word against the law but was behind bars while the real culprits were roaming free.
questioning modi's silence over the jnu episode, gandhi said that he had not uttered a single word when teachers and the media were attacked in the patiala house court complex in the capital when kumar was brought there for a hearing.
which religion teaches to assault teachers, he asked.
in his 40-minute speech, gandhi said 60 per cent of students in jnu belonged to dalits, minorities and obcs.
40 per cent of them came from a poor background.
why are you after the jnu?
because dalits and adivasis study there and you don't want them to grow.
but we will not let this happen.
we cannot crush the jnu, he asserted in the course of his speech interrupted by the ruling nda members.
referring to the suicide vemula in the hyderabad central university, the congress leader said the prime minister had not bothered to call his mother.
he also attacked modi's pakistan policy and accused him of releasing that country from a little cage in which the upa government had put it through its diplomacy by suddenly visiting lahore to have tea with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif.
what did the prime minister do?
he decided to have a cup of tea with nawaz sharif without any vision.
he decided to take a detour to pakistan.
just like the naga accord, he did not bother to consult anyone.
.
.
the people in intelligence, the diplomats.
perhaps he did not even talk to (external affairs minister) sushmaji (swaraj).
only his opinion matters.
he single-handedly destroyed the six years of work done by the upa, gandhi said.
when he stopped over at pakistan without talking to the professionals in our government, the prime minister disrespected our flag.
he disrespected those who died in mumbai and pathankot, the congress vice president said.
besides, he told modi, you cannot defend the indian flag by destroying the relationships between indians.
you are not defending the flag when you frighten your own people into silence.
questioning whose opinion the prime minister respects except his own, gandhi urged him to reach out to the opposition, gandhi made it clear that the opposition does not consider the government as an enemy and does not hate you.
gandhi also raked up the 26/11 attack to target modi, saying when security forces were battling terrorists, the then gujarat chief minister went to the attack site in mumbai and disturbed the entire operation.
the then government of india begged the then cm of gujarat again and again not to go to mumbai because he would disturb the operation.
did he care?
no.
he went right ahead to mumbai, to the oberoi hotel itself and disturbed the entire operation.
he grabbed his headlines while our people died, he said.
there is only one truth in the rss.
one truth in universe --- your own.
nobody else's opinion matters in entire universe.
this is all you have shown in last two years.
pm cannot run the country with his opinion.
country is not pm.
pm is not country, he said.
insisting that national flag is much more than cloth, he noted that former yugoslav president slobodan miloevic and and pakistan president yayha khan used to salute their flags but ultimately ended in breaking their nations.
yahya khan did not listen to the sentiments among the bengalese and punjabis, he said.
responding to gandhi's accusations, pralhad joshi said those who have looted this country are talking about corruption.
he alleged corruption was rampant during the upa rule and coal blocks were allocated by the government on the recommendations of the congress party.
there was time when foreign investors used to say that they have to bribe congress if they wanted to invest in india, the bjp member said.
the modi government, joshi said, was unlike the previous upa government wherein prime minister used to preside, and madam used to decide.
mulayam singh yadav (sp) said the government should think whay the people especially poor, farmers, intellectuals and workers have turned against it within a short period of two years.
the bjp, he said, should also think why its relationship with shiv sena and akali dal is getting soured.
he said the government should not think of scrapping reservation in jobs which was achieved after great struggle.
with regard to jnu incident, yadav said it would be wrong to accuse students and left parties of sedition and the government must learn to respect the views of others.
he suggested that the government should call an all party meeting on important issues and listen to the views of others.
supriya sule (ncp) said the government should find out who had doctored the tapes in connection with the jnu controversy.
she said the government should walk the extra mile to deal with the problem of agraran distress and farmer suicide.
thota narasimham (tdp) said every move of the government should be in the direction of removal of poverty.
benefit of growth should accrue to all the sections of society.
.
.
there is a need to measure poverty, he said adding the government's initiatives like clean india and pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana would help in eradication of poverty.
fruits of growth has not reached to the poor and due to the corruption and red tapism, qualified youth are applying for jobs to countries like the us, he said and attacked the previous government for politicising everything.
he also demanded financial assistance and special status for the newly constituted andhra pradesh as our state is facing great problem.
we want helping hand from the centre.
we need special package from the centre.
i request the union government to fulfill all the promises they have made for the state, he said adding it will enable us to stand on our legs.
generous financial assistance for amaravati, which is being developed as the new capital of andhra pradesh.
he also demanded from the railway and the road minister to provide connectivity to the new capital and asked the centre to give top priority to the blue revolution in the state.
a p jithender reddy (trs) said that the president's address has not mentioned about the diversity of the country.
about the jnu issue, he said action must be taken whoever is found abusing the law and rule of law must be prevailed.
at a time when the country is inviting companies to invest in india, situation in haryana is getting out of control, he said.
about telangana where his party is ruling, he said the state is under stress due to drought situation and demanded from the centre to provide additional financial support.
cpi (m) member mohammed salim said the president's address did not have any direction and vision and it looks like a compendium of press releases of pib.
he also said that sedition charges have been imposed on students and the government is not able to understand the anger of the students.
he said the hrd minister only forwarded the letters written about the hyderabad central university.
discussions are happening on nationalism, which happened during the times of britishers rule, salim said adding a country will suffer if it go with religion.
there is a difference between rule and ruler.
you are saying that the country will run by rulers and not by rules.
.
.
you talked about maximum governance and minimum government.
but what did we saw, he said adding in jnu there was maximum government and at patiala court, we saw minimum government.
you can impose sedition charge on us, we are not afraid, he added.
he also said that the president's address did not mention about the soldiers died in siachen.
he said the prime minister has criticised the mnrega for being a scheme of digging pits and now it seems he has fallen in the same pit.
salim said the problems of labours and farmers are increasing and the government was not able to do anything for that.
further he said that the government has claimed that they have distributed 6 crore led bulbs but nobody knows where those bulbs are and there is also a mis match in the figures of pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana.
government is running from its responsibilities, he added.
varaprasad rao (ysr congress) said that still lot of villages are under poverty.
.
.
40 per cent do not have ration cards and unless that is done, poverty can not be eliminated.
.
.
i do not think that anybody is getting into the nitty-gritty of the poorest of poor.
he said that in the last 2 years, nothing has been changed and no specific steps have been taken for eradication of corruption or to punish the corrupt.
he also demanded special status for andhra pradesh.
it is unfortunate that nothing has been done in this direction.
the central government should come to our rescue and declare special status, he added.
what strikes us today is two important factors - unpredictable global slowdown and the rhetoric of protectionism in developed economies - have not affected india, he said at 'make in india-karnataka conference' here.
not a single sound or even 'a whisper' of protectionism is being heard in india and such talk is there only in the developed economies, he said, adding that this itself is a tribute to the fact that the country is willing to accept investments and tune its policies.
jaitley said there is tremendous pressure on government policy makers because of peoples' impatience to see india grow at a faster rate and get rid of poverty, among other things.
he said the environment supporting reform has never been as supported in the past as today and so it is the responsibility of both the central and state governments 'to put themselves together' and look at the road map of continuing this path of growth.
the minister also said that in spite of india's growth being pegged at 7 to 7.
5 per cent growth rate, it is not a satisfied nation and has hunger to grow even faster.
we are not satisfied with the tag of being the fastest economy in the world.
we think we have a potential to do better, he said.
jaitley lauded karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah, his ministers and civil servants for working with a positive frame of mind for implementation of gst by the middle of this year, which, he said, would bring a transformational change.
he said once the gst regime is implemented, the whole country will become one big market with easy flow of goods and services, with the help of good taxation system and one assessment system, instead of multiple ones.
so on the one hand, you have a system where evasion becomes difficult and on the other, generation of shadow economy through taxation system becomes more difficult, he added.
jaitley said government has taken a series of steps to integrate the informal economy with the formal one, which could increase revenue for states as well as the centre.
the government has chosen to invest in agriculture, infrastructure and social sectors, he said.
we have chosen to invest in agriculture where a larger purchasing power is in existence, he said.
jaitley said it is only when karnataka achieves 2-3 per cent higher than the national growth rate that its ability to lead india economically would become a reality.
you are one of the most innovative states.
you have a very progressive population, a progressive set of policies.
the conference was organised by the department of industrial policy and promotion, karnataka government and confederation of indian industry.
rahul woos dalits, attacks mayawati, modi govtlucknow, feb 18, 2016, (pti) 22:26 istwooing dalits ahead of the 2017 up assembly polls, congress vice president rahul gandhi today said it wants to develop a young dalit leadership in all states and attacked bsp supremo mayawati for not encouraging dalit leadership to keep a firm grip on power.
he also attacked the modi government, accusing it of killing rohith vemula, the dalit scholar from hyderabad university, whose suicide triggered a nationwide outrage.
mayawati did not properly utilise the platform provided by kanshi ram.
she did not encourage dalit leadership in the party in a bid to keep a firm grip on power, he told party's conclave on dalit leadership development convention at upcc office here.
i see a difference between kanshi ram and mayawati.
.
.
kanshi ram did a lot of good work for the dalits .
.
.
.
when she became chief minister she suppressed and crushed dalit leadership.
she did not allow any dalit leader to move upward, he said.
congress wants to bring dalits into its fold and give them an opportunity not only in uttar pradesh but also in other states.
it wants to develop young leadership of dalits, rahul said.
dalits are asking themselves that they have not got the desired results.
.
.
they have a question for the congress and that is whether it will give dalit youths and leaders a place in the party.
i believe that if congress holds their hand, up will be a different place altogether, he said.
congress and ambedkar framed constitution and the right of 'one man one vote' was given to the people but still a lot of work remains to be done though a lot has been done, he said.
mayawati failed to ensure proper benefit to the dalits.
she did not promote young dalit leadership when she became the chief minister.
she tried to crush and suppress dalit leadership and attempted to concentrate all power in her hand, he alleged.
claiming that the dalit youth are now frightened by mayawati's leadership, he said this presents an opportunity before the congress.
congress now wants to give them the space to transform uttar pradesh, he said.
we want to invite you (dalit youths) to congress and give you powers because you have not progressed the way you should have, he said.
bsp's emergence on the uttar pradesh's political landscape led to gradual erosion of the solid dalit vote base of the congress, which it is trying to regain.
recalling his recent visit to hyderabad after vemula's suicide, rahul said, rohith was killed by the government of india.
he was supressed by the government and forced to commit suicide.
an rss man is heading the institution there and voice of rohith was not heard.
the congress leader alleged that the modi government wanted to do away with welfare schemes lauched by the previous upa government.
in the ten years of upa rule, congress gave right to employment, food and information, besides giving rights to adivisis.
.
.
farmers' loans were waived.
.
.
these programmes were aimed at strengthening the poor.
.
we never asked under the mnregs the caste or relgion of the beneficiaries or where you belong to, he added.
attacking bjp and rss, rahul said they were trying to hamper progress of the country by imposing their ideology but congress would not let that happen.
bjp and rss are trying to hamper growth of the country by imposing their ideology.
congress is fighting with rss and it will not let it succeed in its designs, rahul said.
i asked arunjaitley that modiji termed it a bad scheme, while you consider it a good one.
why you don't say this outside.
we will save mnregs and fight for rights of the minorities and dalits, he said.
he also alleged that bjp and rss were trying to impose their ideology on the education system, too.
new delhi, feb 6, 2016, dhns: 1:13 istahead of punjab assembly polls due next year, the bjp has reached out to sulking cricketer-politician navjot singh sidhu to get its most visible and popular face on board for adding teeth to the electoral strategy.
bjp leaders sought to placate sidhu owing to lack of credible face in the party to face assembly polls.
the former indian opening batsman had virtually withdrawn himself from state politics but for addressing rallies outside and took up whole time television anchoring ever since he was replaced with finance minister arunjaitley as the candidate to contest 2014 lok sabha elections from amritsar.
jaitley had lost the polls with big margin to congress leader captain amrinder singh.
though the party leaders have interacted with former mp sidhu, who represented amritsar three times in a row from 2004, owing to fear that he might cross over to the aam admi party.
one of the reasons for sidhu being circumspect was that he does not have good equations with akali dals top leadership and harbours impression that the coalition partner have been out to stifle his political career.
he is believed to be bargaining hard with the bjp and put forth a condition that he would actively participate in assembly elections only if it reconsiders ties with the sad.
bjd, oppn trade barbs over posco projectbhubaneswar, nov 4, 2015, dhns: 0:36 istthe ruling bjd in odisha and the opposition congress and the bjp on tuesday exchanged barbs over south korean steel major poscos decision not to construct a guest house and residence for its managing director.
many see the development as the first step by posco to completely pull out from the multi-crore odisha project.
the company declared in january that it was freezing the odisha steel plant project.
odisha pradesh congress committee chief prasad harichandan said the incompetence of the state government has thrown the project into uncertainty, with bjds former ally bjp also slamming the patnaik government on similar lines.
the government was nonetheless confident about saving the project with the state industry minister debi mishra saying the state had approached the central government to convene a high-level meeting to resolve the posco issue.
during his recent visit to delhi, odisha chief minister naveen patnaik had asked finance minister arunjaitley to convene a tripartite meeting of posco representatives, the centre and the state government to iron out the differences and pave way for the project.
press trust of india, new delhi, jun 3 2017, 20:13 istthe gst council today decided to tax gold at 3 per cent, footwear below rs 500 at 5 per cent and biscuits at 18 per cent under the goods and services tax, which will be rolled out from july 1.
the council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley , at its 15th meeting also decided on rates of yarns, agriculture machinery, apparels and rough diamonds among others.
the council, jaitey said, will again meet on june 11, before the roll out of the new indirect tax regime.
the all powerful council has also finalised the gst rules regarding transition and return filings.
jaitley said the council was also apprised of the it preparedness which is necessary for the successful roll out of the gst.
gstn made a detailed presentation on the amount of work done and it preparedness, he told reporters after the meeting.
jaitley said footwear costing below rs 500 will be taxed at 5 per cent, while that above this amount will attract 18 per cent levy.
currently, footwear priced from rs 500-1,000 attracts 6 per cent excise duty.
besides, states levy vat on it.
as regards readymade garments, they will attract a levy of 12 per cent.
solar panels will be taxed at 5 per cent under gst.
tendu leaves and bidis would be taxed at the rate of 18 per cent and 28 per cent respectively, the finance minister said, adding that there will be no cess on bidis.
on the other hand, rough diamonds will attract a levy of 0.
25 per cent.
the gst council has already fitted over 1,200 goods and 500 services in the tax bracket of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent last month.
gst will subsume all major levies including excise, service tax and vat, unifying 16 different taxes, and make india a single market.
mahesh kulkarni may 22 2017, 0:11 istfixing rates for six sensitive items will be top priority for the gst council, which is slated to meet in new delhi on june 3, just 27 just days beforthe two-day brainstorming session of the gst council completed its task more or less on may 18 and 19 at srinagar, with the announcement of the goods and services tax (gst) rates on 1,200 goods and 500 services.
the council has arrived at 18  tax rate as a standard rate on majority of the goods and services.
however, there are still some politically sensitive items like bidis, gold, textiles, footwear and agriculture implements, among others, for which the rates will be finalised in the next meet of the gst council in june.
fixing of rates on lottery service is also yet to be finalised.
this leaves the government with a little over 40 days to officially implement the gst effective from july 1, 2017.
but before getting into the nuances of the implications for various sectors, there are four broad things that one must understand about the intent of the gst.
the core intent of the gst rates was to ensure that the gst implementation is not inflationary, as has been the experience with some other countries.
as a result, the gst council has made an attempt to keep the gst on sensitive food items in the range of 0-5  and transport at 5 .
according to vaibhav agrawal, head of research and arq, angel broking, gst cannot be purely looked as a tax rate, but one should look at the simplicity that it brings in business and trade.
gst makes the entire country as a single homogenous market.
take the case of multiplexes, even though the impost under gst may be higher, the fact that a plethora of state and local levies are getting subsumed, which makes it much simpler.
there is an issue of credit on tax paid on inputs, which was not available in many cases in the past.
however, under gst, the input credit in such cases will be automatic and seamless.
that will reduce the effective rate of gst in most cases, he said.
what the gst rates mean for key sectors in india:with the government focus on keeping tax on items of mass consumption low, this sector could be the clear winner.
while milk, grain and cereals are exempt from gst; other products like sugar, tea, coffee and edible oil will attract just 5  gst.
this will benefit companies like nestle.
while personal care items will be taxed at the peak rate of 28 , items of mass consumption like hair oils, soaps and toothpaste will be taxed at 18 .
this will be beneficial for companies like marico, dabur and colgate.
overall, the food side of the fmcg business is likely to benefit from the gst.
auto could slightly be a mixed bag as the impost will vary across categories.
with the standardisation of gst for automobiles at 28 , two-wheelers and small and medium cars may face a higher impost.
while this may be slightly negative for players like bajaj auto, hero motocorp, maruti, etc, we believe that this will be passed on to consumers, angel broking said.
among the commercial vehicles space, ashok leyland may see higher gst.
the gst council has put items like refrigerators and acs in the maximum 28  category.
this will lead to a higher impost on these companies, and could impact companies like voltas and havells.
however, with robust summer demand, they should be able to pass on these costs to the consumer.
these companies will also benefit fundamentally as gst will bring more companies under the organised ambit and reduce unfair competition from unorganised players.
for cement manufacturers, the peak rate of tax may go up slightly under the gst regime.
however, there is an additional benefit for them as the gst on coal and metal ore has been cut to 5 .
for cement companies, this will largely offset the higher gst impact.
at the same time, steel and power companies that depend heavily on coal will also benefit from the lower gst on coal.
jsw and tata steel may be the key beneficiaries.
these companies may be slightly unhappy that they have been bracketed in the highest category along with gambling and betting activities.
that almost looks akin to imposing a sin tax on movies.
however, multiplexes will benefit from subsuming of a plethora of state and local taxes into one single tax and also from input credits.
pvr and cinemax may find the gst rates neutral at best.
grandfathering of current exemptions for services (including healthcare & education) leaves limited anomaly on the taxability services and the council has clarified that no additions shall be made to the exemption list, amit sarkar, partner & head, indirect tax, bdo india, said.
unlike the current regime where service tax is imposed at a flat rate of 15  across all services, the gst will have four slabs of 5 , 12 , 18  and 28  exactly like the gst on goods.
for example, the gst on telecom will be 18 , higher by 3  from current levels.
however, the availability of input credit will partially neutralise this impact.
however, making transport service gst at 5  will be anti-inflationary.
the gst will be just 5  on economy flying, which will help airlines like spice jet and indigo give a bigger push to the udaan programme.
a rate of 18  for telecom and financial services may appear higher against the current service tax rate of 15 ; however, these sectors are likely to derive substantial benefits on the input credit front, given the eligibility of credit on the goods which was not the case under the current regime.
overall positive impact for restaurants having less than rs 50 lakh turnover, and non-ac restaurants, given that they shall be taxed at 5  and 12 , respectively, with full input tax credit as against the current tax incidence of approximately 19-20  [vat + st] for ac restaurants.
it is noteworthy that restaurants having less than rs 50 lakh of turnover may also opt for the composition scheme, subject to the conditions prescribed.
with respect to works contract service, though the 12  rate with full input tax credit could be an overall boom for a civil contractor as against the current taxes at 6  (central) and 1-5  (state), it may still lead to potential disputes regarding movability and the applicable rates thereon [works contract vs composite supplies].
the impact of gst has been a mixed bag for the capital goods and the consumer sector.
while the capital goods sector would benefit from a lower tax rate on contracts, there would be higher tax incidence on cables and transformers, motilal oswal securities said in its report.
a few segments in the consumer sector would see higher effective taxes and need to take price hikes to offset cost pressures from increased taxes.
key changes/surprises vs expectations were for a) fans, which were expected to come in the 18  bracket, but have been bought at 28  (currently at 24 ) and need price hikes, b)air-conditioners, which have been put in the 28  bracket and would need 2-3  hikes, c) transformers put in the 28  gst rate vs the current 18  implies price hikes need to be taken, d) cables, which were earlier in the 18  bracket taken to 28 , and e) work contract, which is in the 15-20  range (depending on the vat rate) taken to 12  is a positive for the construction sector (l&t, bhel).
under the new tax regime, industry stabilisation will take a couple of quarters.
however, the benefits of gst on business practices and company strategies will be seen only in the medium term (1-3 years).
the extent of business efficiency is estimated to be higher in goods as compared with services.
at present, supply chains across major manufacturing industries are strategised, based on tax arbitrage aspect, crisil research said.
seamless tax treatment under gst will eliminate the need of multiple warehouses across states.
broadly, the gst rates are likely to be neutral to positive for the indian markets overall.
of course, the fine print will give much greater clarity on this subject.
effects:all tax payerswith need for registration and filing of returns in multiple states, compliance costs are likely to go up.
overall tax compliance, too, is expected to go up.
this will also impact some of the smaller entities in sme-dominated sectors.
over the longer term, this is likely to lead in consolidation and gain in market share for the organised sectorimpact on manufacturing statesthe destination-based taxation structure of gst implies that states with manufacturing bases will potentially lose revenue which will be compensated by the central government  about rs. 500 b in the first year.
the key states that will require compensation are gujarat, maharashtra, uttar pradesh, tamil nadu and haryana.
proceeds from the additional cess on sin goods/ luxury items will constitute the pool from which the states would be compensated for any revenue loss.
existing companies which have signed mous with statesseveral states have, in the past, offered tax incentives to companies for setting up manufacturing units.
dilution of the power of states to levy independent taxes/offer exemptions under gst regime, will impact existing projects too.
state governments and impacted companies will need to find out solutions.
however, at present there is lack of clarity on this issue.
revenue authoritiestax monitoring will become easier on account of the robust gst network platform where all returns can be accessed instantly and in a user-friendly manner.
this will help revenue officials monitor the sequence of supply of goods and services as well as flow of input tax credit.
financial institutesgst will increase working capital requirements across major manufacturing sectors on account of tax liability on inter-state stock transfer.
accordingly, businesses will not be able to claim their tax credits until the shipped goods are sold.
to reiterate, stock-transfers in the current regime does not attract any tax even during an interstate transfer.
last updated: 01 august, 2011bangalore, aug 1, (ians) : 20:40 istkarnataka will get a new lokayukta in shivaraj patil aug 3 and, hopefully, a new chief minister too that day to succeed b.s. yeddyurappa who quit sunday after being indicted by outgoing ombudsman n. santosh hegde.
nitte santosh hegde, a former judge of the supreme court, has become the first lokayukta in india to recommend trial of a chief minister - yeddyurappa - for graft.
hegde and his successor shivaraj virupanna patil were colleagues in the supreme court.
both retired in 2005, patil in january and hegde in june.
hegde told reporters here monday that he was leaving the office with satisfaction of having exposed politicians and officials involved in the illegal mining scam.
he submitted the over-22,000 page report july 27 along with his recommendation to prosecute yeddyurappa for graft.
hegde said he was not bothered about attacks on him by several bjp ministers.
he has been criticized by excise minister m.p. renukacharya and housing minister v. somanna for naming yeddyurappa.
somannas wife has also been found guilty of illegal iron ore transactions.
hegde said he would remain active in the fight against corruption.
he was a civil society member of the joint lokpal bill draft committee set up after gandhian anna hazares fast in new delhi in april.
yeddyurappa resigned sunday a bitter man, not only over his indictment by lokayukta.
he is, perhaps, more angry over his party central leaders showing him the door in spite of his pleas to them that what hegde has produced as evidence of his guilt was nothing but old charges.
yeddyurappa has retaliated by making the choice of his successor an extremely difficult task for the central leaders by insisting his nominee be the new chief minister in the only southern state the bjp is in power.
for over two days from friday afternoon senior bjp leaders rajnath singh and arunjaitley tried without success to make yeddyurappa relent.
the new leader is now to be elected here aug 3, if by then the central leaders and the divided state unit agree on some compromise.
yeddyurappa and his supporter are pushing to make d.v. sadananda gowda, lok sabha member from udupi-chikmagalur constituency, about 400 km from here, the partys second chief minister.
another group led by state unit chief k.s. eshwarappa is batting for rural development minister jagadish shettar.
hedges successor shivaraj patil will be the sixth lokayukta of karnataka.
he will take over on wednesday for a five-year term.
patil is expected to follow the practice of frequent raids by lokayukta teams on officials suspected of having amassed wealth disproportionate to their known sources of income.
he has declined to talk to the media on his priorities till he assumes office.
the raids were started by hegdes predecessor n. venkatachala, who too was a retired supreme court judge.
while venkatachala himself led the raids many times, hegde did not do so and allowed the officials to carry them out.
till venkatachala took over and started the highly-publicised raids, the lokayukta was almost a dormant organization though it had been in existence since 1986.
budget has only dreams, no fund allocation: siddaramaiahbangalore, july 11, 2014, dhns: 1:09 istchief minister siddaramaiah said on thursday that finance minister arunjaitley had only marketed his dreams in the first budget.
this is just what narendra modi did during the election campaign, siddaramaiah sad.
siddaramaiah, in a statement, said that in addition to marketing dreams, the finance minister has also made some big announcements.
but the budgetary provisions made are too meagre.
there is nothing which can bring good days to the poor and farmers.
in addition, social sector has been totally neglected.
the budget proposals are just bitter pills to the people.
the centre has tried to please middle class by giving some income tax concession, he pointed out.
the centre, while allocating rs 200 crore for the proposed sardar vallabhai patel statue, has earmarked only rs 100 crore for the beti bachao, beti padhao programme, rs 100 crore for skill development in rural areas and another rs 100 crore for commissioning a study on interlinking of rivers.
forgetting the fact that bangalore already has an iim, siddaramaiah expressed his displeasure over the fact that an iit or iim has not been granted for bangalore or karnataka.
dh news service, new delhi, jun 17 2017, 1:42 istunion ministers rajnath singh and m venkaiah naidu on friday began consultations for the presidential election with opposition leaders, who told them that a consensus was difficult if the bjp did not disclose its candidate.
singh and naidu met congress president sonia gandhi, cpm leaders sitaram yechury, prakash and brinda karat, cpi leaders s sudhakar reddy and d raja.
naidu also held detailed discussions over phone with ncp chief sharad pawar and met aiadmk leader m thambidurai, sp patriarch mulayam singh yadav and bsp leader s c mishra.
however, in none of the meetings did the ministers disclose the names prime minister narendra modi or the bjp had in mind for the post of president that falls vacant on july 24.
when they have not given specific names  (then) there is no question of consensus, congress leader mallikarjun kharge told reporters here.
kharge and ghulam nabi azad were present when singh and naidu met sonia at her residence.
azad expressed surprise that naidu and rajnath were asking the congress to reveal its cards without disclosing any names being considered by the government.
.
.
.
since no names are being given, there is no question of any discussion and cooperation.
they should give us the name and then seek cooperation, azad, the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, told reporters.
yechury dismissed the consultations by the union ministers as a public relations exercise by the modi government.
however, he told the ministers that the next president should have impeccable secular credentials.
government sources said they felt it inappropriate to suggest a name or a panel of names to opposition leaders without knowing their views or suggestions.
singh and naidu told the opposition leaders that the bjp plans to declare the presidential candidate early next week and the nomination papers would be filed by june 23, a day before prime minister narendra modi embarks on his foreign visit.
anticipating that the government may not share any names, the opposition also began consolidating its ranks.
the congress president held a meeting with yechury on thursday night and expressed her firm resolve to put up a joint opposition candidate.
opposition sources said it would be their endeavour to declare the joint candidate before the government announced its nominee.
former west bengal governor gopalkrishna gandhi, former lok sabha speaker meira kumar and senior jd(u) leader sharad yadav are being considered for the choice of the joint opposition candidate for the july 17 presidential election.
home minister singh and i&b minister naidu are part of the three-member ministerial team constituted by bjp president amit shah to consult various political parties on the presidential election.
finance minister arunjaitley is the third member of the team.
naidu has already spoken with andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu, pmk leader anbumani ramadoss and n rangaswamy of the all india congress (nr) and sought their cooperation.
the prices of petrol and diesel are threatening to hit an all-time high as international crude prices have risen above $70 a barrel and continue to rise.
but fuel prices in india cannot be attributed only to rising international prices.
after all, retail prices have remained at pretty much above rs 70 a litre for petrol and around rs 60 a litre for diesel across indian cities even through the nearly four years of the narendra modi government when international prices were, for the most part, at their lowest.
if retail prices were indeed determined by the market as the nation was promised when fuel prices were deregulated, they should have been half as much as we have paid for every litre in these four years.
consumers in india pay the highest retail prices for petrol and diesel among south asian countries as taxes account for about 40-50  of the price at the petrol pump.
the modi government has kept fuel prices high through excessive taxation.
that may have helped oil marketing companies wipe out losses from the era of subsidies and the government to shore up its fiscal position, but it was all at the cost of the common man, who suffered, and the economy, as demand dropped.
but the worst may be yet to come.
experts say india's fuel demand is set to double this year - from 93,000 barrels a day to 190,000 barrels.
this will increase imports, on which india relies for 80  of its fuel needs.
if global prices continue to rise, new delhi will have to rework both the fiscal and current account deficit math.
the second whammy will be a cascading effect on prices of essential commodities.
costlier fuel directly affects inflation, which is already on an uptrend.
higher inflation will cue the central bank to increase interest rates.
that, in turn, will douse all hopes of spurring economic growth.
the crude price spiral has prompted the petroleum ministry to demand a cut in the excise duty on petrol and diesel in the upcoming budget.
it has also sought inclusion of petrol, diesel, jet fuel and natural gas under the ambit of gst.
this confronts finance minister arunjaitley with a difficult choice.
the government must lower existing fuel taxes, or better still bring it under the gst regime and cap the taxes.
but doing either will mean a massive loss of revenue at a time when the government's management of the fiscal deficit is already under strain.
yet, not doing so will hurt people and the economy more widely and deeply.
mobility of goods and people is key to the economy.
therefore, fuel prices must be kept at the lowest level possible.
while the all-powerful gst council has already decided on a four-slab tax structure for the indirect tax regime, the levy for different goods and services will be decided by may or june.
jaitley said he hopes to get central gst (cgst) and integrated gst (igst) draft legislations approved at the next gst council meeting on february 18 and bring them in the second half of ongoing budget session.
it will reconvene on march 9 after a month long break and continue till april 12.
now the main policy issues (with regard to cgst and igst) over 9 meetings have been put to rest.
final drafts are now being prepared and once they are circulated with the legally vetted language, those drafts will have to then go to parliament and state legislature (for sgst) for approval.
we will meet on 18th of this month.
while the cgst will subsume central taxes of excise, central sales tax and service tax, igst is to be charged on movement of goods and services from one state to another.
states will also have to pass sgst or state goods and service tax.
also, a gst compensation act needs to be approved by parliament to provide for compensation to states that lose revenue from implementation of gst in first five years.
the gst council has fixed the four-tier structure of 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 percent.
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said a good or service will be put in a slab which is closest to the current rate at taxes.
as far as fitment of rate is concerned there are four slabs.
the present incidence of vat plus excise duty, or vat plus service tax it whatever is the incidence, the slab closer to that is the slab where it will fall, he said.
also, there will be few items of exception which will go to the gst council for discussion, he said.
we hope to complete the process of final rules and laws by 31st of march, rates can be decided even in the month of may or june.
pappu yadav forms jan kranti morcha as third option in biharpatna, may 17, 2015, (pti) 20:40 istformer rashtriya janata dal (rjd) leader and madhepura mp rajesh ranjan alias pappu yadav today announced the formation of jan karanti adhikar morcha aimed at providing a strong third option to bihar voters.
the move came after a marathon meeting held here with his supporters, including people from various walks of life, and hours after chief election commissioner nasim zaidi said bihar assembly elections scheduled later this year will be held in september-october.
we are forming jan kranti adhikar morcha (jkam) to provide a strong third option to the people of bihar, who have been cheated by various political parties for the last 67 years.
it will fight all wrongs in the society, it will fight the anti-people system, and bring in a revolution for development, yadav told media persons.
he added that the front will stay away from segregations on the lines of caste, community and religion, and work for the people of bihar.
however, stopping short from announcing that jkam will be a full-fledged political party, yadav said a core committee of his supporters was being formed, which will decide on this aspect within two weeks.
we are forming a core committee of intellectuals.
it will decide within two weeks whether we should go whole hog alone as an independent party, or merge with any other party, or enter into an alliance with others, yadav said.
he added that he will also seek opinion from about 1.
84 crore people of bihar who frequent social networking sites, on whether jkam should become a political party to contest the coming assembly polls.
the madhepura mp, who was expelled from rjd on may 7 on charges of indulging in anti-party activities, said there will be no truck with either rjd president lalu prasad or chief minister nitish kumar.
in today's meeting, as well as, those who have been sending me messages over phone, my supporters are unanimous that jkam should stay away from lalu prasad and nitish kumar.
we will do so, he added.
the maverick, five-time mp claimed to be the real leader of rjd and appealed to workers of all parties, including jd(u), who are being insulted by their leaders, to join his front.
we are the real rjd and inheritors of the social justice movement.
i appeal to all those workers of rjd, jd(u) and other parties, who are being insulted by their leaders to come join us in a move to rebuild bihar, he said.
he criticised prasad for hobnobbing with mafiosi, musclemen, middlemen and working only for the interest of his family.
he also flayed kumar for talking janata parivar merger on one side and meeting bjp leader and union minister arunjaitley for hours (on the other).
these leaders are double-faced.
they criticise bjp on one side, but host its leaders in marriage ceremonies in their families, yadav said, referring to the presence of prime minister narendra modi at the wedding of prasad's youngest daughter rajlakshmi with tej pratap, grandson of samajwadi party leader mulayam singh yadav.
without naming anybody, yadav said bihar has been tortured by six leaders who have enjoyed power over the last 17 years.
he advised them to go and work in delhi as the state was fed up with them.
he added that his party will work to improve the educational, medical, industrial and agricultural systems.
talking about possible alliances with non-rjd, non-jd(u)leaders, yadav revealed that he was in touch with former chief minister jitan ram manjhi, former lok sabha speaker p a sangma, aam aadmi party rebel leader yogedra yadav among others and hinted that they all can come on a single platform.
i have been talking to manjhi, sangma, yogendra yadav and other like-minded leaders who are worried for bihar.
we all can work together, he added.
the madhepura mp, who defeated jd(u) national president sharad yadav to clinch the lok sabha seat last year said the congress was also not untouchable with regard to alliance.
congress is not an untouchable to us, but it has to decide what it wants to do.
if it goes along with prasad and kumar, we cannot do anything with it, he added.
yadav said jkam will not have any alliance with aap as delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal showed lack of sensitivity when farmer gajendra singh committed suicide at his rally in new delhi.
cong should see reason, help gst pass, says jaitleynew delhi, jan 30, 2016 (pti) 14:28 istfinance minister arunjaitley today hoped the congress will see reason and help in passage of gst legislation, stuck in rajya sabha, in the budget session of parliament beginning next month.
it (gst) is the important reform of upa.
if i had to credit the authorship of it, i have to give credit to them.
now, if the author turns against his own script, what do i make.
.
.
i have reached out (and) i have spoken to them.
i have explained to them and i hope they will see reason.
.
.
(and) see the rationale behind passing gst, he said.
the minister further said every party with the exception of the congress is actively supporting the gst bill.
i don't see a reason why they (congress) should have a rethink on the bill.
if there is a discussion on a particular idea in the bill, i am willing to discuss with them.
.
.
certainly, we can't bound future generations to a flawed legislation, the minister said.
gst which will subsume all indirect taxes such as excise duty, service tax and sales tax into one uniform rate, is stalled in the rajya sabha as the congress is pressing for three changes.
on whether he took up the gst issue with congress chief sonia gandhi at a recent reception hosted by president pranab mukherjee, arunjaitley answered in the negative.
these are informal occasions, and it is not necessary that you get into a discussion at these forums.
i certainly didn't have any political discussions, the minister said, adding that he had earlier talked about gst with congress leaders on several occasions.
.
.
.
it is very good to have laws passed by consensus.
a law like this which impacts taxation structure of india being passed by consensus is our preference, otherwise it can be put to vote, the minister said.
several important legislations concerning coal, mining and the like were passed by parliament with support from several opposition parties with the exception of the congress, arunjaitley added.
the congress has stalled the passage of the constitutional amendment bill, derailing the government's plan to roll out gst from april 1, 2016.
the three demands are a cap on the gst rate in the constitution itself, removal of the proposed 1 per cent additional tax on inter-state movement of goods and setting up a judicial panel to adjudicate disputes among states.
govt asks banks to reconsider cash transaction chargesnew delhi, mar 07, 2017, dhns 0:57 istthe government on monday asked indias largest public sector lender state bank of india and private sector banks to reconsider the charges they have decided to impose on cash transactions above a certain limit.
some private banks, including hdfc bank, icici bank and axis bank, have started charging a minimum amount of rs 150 per transaction for cash deposits and withdrawals beyond four free transactions in a month.
public sector oriental bank of commerce has also followed suit, but sbi has made its intent clear that it will charge rs 50 beyond three free transactions.
the banks have also said that they would resume the levy on atm transactions beyond a limit.
dh had on friday reported finance minister arunjaitley as saying that he would nudge banks to reconsider their decision.
the government has also asked sbi to reconsider its decision to impose penalty on non-maintenance of minimum balance in the savings bank accounts and current accounts.
sbi has said it would levy charges ranging from rs 20-100 on non-maintenance of minimum average balance (mab) in savings bank accounts from april 1.
the penalty is rs 500 in case of current accounts.
the bank has increased the minimum balance requirement.
in metro cities, it is as high as rs 5,000 and penalty for non-maintenance of minimum balance will be between rs 50 and rs 100.
for urban and semi-urban branches, the mab has been fixed at rs 3,000 and rs 2,000 respectively.
as of now, mab for a savings bank account is rs 500 without facility of cheque book and rs 1,000 with cheque book across the country.
focus is now on cyber securityuma kannan, feb 2, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 1:34 istwith the governments massive digital initiative for banking, aadhaar-linked service delivery and broadband expansion plan, there comes the question of cyber security and the countrys preparedness and technological capability to handle the same.
be it paying mobile phone bills or buying groceries, one enters bank account details that are vulnerable to attacks.
according to norton by symantecs india findings from the annual norton cyber security insights report, india ranks no 4 globally, and no 2 in asia, in terms of falling prey to ransomware.
cyber security is critical for safeguarding the integrity and stability of our financial sector, finance minister arunjaitley mentioned in the budget, adding that a computer emergency response team for the financial sector (cert-fin) will be established.
he said that this entity will work in close coordination with all financial sector regulators and other stakeholders.
india is traditionally behind cyber security standards compared to developed nations, but the latest demonetisation has fuelled the requirement of better cyber security policies and framework.
hence, the formation of core team for the financial sector is a great move.
however, implementation will only see the right results, chi networks md (india) surjit k bawa said.
chi networks is a cloud-based solution provider, specialising in cyber security.
based out of chicago, the company has over 200 clients in india.
everything is getting digital across the board and cyber security will be one huge challenge, said chi networks vp (technology) nitin sachdev, adding that most organisations lack the security expertise to manage security solutions from multiple vendors.
in the past year, 70  of organisations were compromised by a successful cyber-attack, and directly or indirectly, one in three organisations do not have a written information security policy, he said.
according to a report, global cyber security spend would increase by 7.
9 , and reach $81.
6 billion in 2016, and to $101.
6 billion by 2020, whereas, the growth of cyber security in india will surpass the global rate and will be clocked at 10.
6 , but the indian share to the pie will be only $1.
24 billion by 2017.
stressing on data privacy, quintype founder and ceo amit rathore said, with iot, all devices  be it camera or doorbells  have sensors, and all their software are vulnerable.
land act bit draconian, frame own laws: panagariya to statesnew delhi, sep 10, 2015, (pti) 19:05 istniti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariya has advised states to follow tamil nadu model for framing land acqisition laws as per their needs, while terming the existing 2013 act as a bit draconian.
tamil nadu has a different act or an amended act in place since january 5, 2015.
it has been almost 7-8 months, very few people knew about it.
tamil nadu has, in fact, amended the 2013 act (land act) and it applies to their state, panagariya said in an interview to cnbc tv18.
he also said that the act got the presidential assent and other states could follow the same strategy.
panagariya said that the land acquisition act, 2013, was a bit draconian and he had suggested the same to the government even before assuming the office at niti aayog.
i was one of the very strong advocates even before i came to the niti aayog, that the land acquisition act, 2013, was a bit draconian for the simple reason that some of the very important cases where public purpose is actually at stake, the acquisition would take at least 4-5 years, he said.
so i advocated myself before reforming the act and also advocated actually reforming the act centrally because one state at a time is a longer process, he added.
his comments assume significance as the nda government's efforts to amend the land acquisition act have faced stiff opposition.
earlier, finance minister arunjaitley had also advised the states to frame their own land act with the centre's approval.
the view of having separate land laws of different states emerged after the meeting of the governing council of niti aayog with chief ministers in july this year.
now for the future, tamil nadu doesn't have to come back to the central government, panagariya said.
the niti aayog vice-chairman said other states can follow the tamil nadu model, however, they still would have to come to the central government for the presidential assent.
but my own speculation is that once the assent has been given to tamil nadu or to one state, i don't think the central government can deny the same thing to the other states, he said.
panagariya also said that he has advised maharashtra and rajasthan on the land acquisition act.
i have passed on the advice to the maharashtra chief minister and he has made a public statement that he is actually going to follow that rule.
.
.
i have also suggested the same to the chief minister of rajasthan.
so, i expect that they would be working on it, he added.
meanwhile, the niti aayog has set up an expert committee under the chairmanship of t haque, former chairman of the commission for agricultural costs and prices, to prepare a model agricultural land leasing act in consultation with states.
it will review the existing agricultural tenancy laws of states, examine the distinctive features of land system and suggest appropriate amendments keeping in view the need to legalise and liberalise land leasing for agricultural efficiency, equity, occupational diversification and rapid rural transformation.
the committee will have representatives from niti aayog, seven states and the rural ministry.
the committee of three month's tenure will have andhra pradesh, uttarakhand, punjab, maharashtra, rajasthan, assam and meghalaya in its fold.
kejri prepares for showdown on ddca affairsnew delhi: dec 30, 2015, dhns 2:11 istas delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal indicated he wouldnt budge on the commission of inquiry he has ordered into ddca affairs, probe panel head gopal subramanium asked the national security advisor ajit doval to lend him his best investigative officers for it.
arvind kejriwal said on tuesday that he will go ahead with the probe even if prime minister narendra modi says it is illegal.
earlier in the day, former solicitor general gopal subramanium, picked by kejriwal to head the controversial probe, shot off a letter to doval seeking the dossier of five senior officers each from intelligence bureau (ib), central bureau of investigation (cbi) and the delhi police to assist him in the investigation.
subramanium on monday wrote a letter to kejriwal informing him that he has written to doval as the central government itself called upon the delhi government to get an probe into the irregularities of ddca done.
obviously, this means that the central government would render all possible assistance in this regard, he told kejriwal.
in his letter to doval, he sought dossiers of five of the best officers of the ib, who would be of the level of joint director and below, five officers of the cbi and five officers of the delhi police with their records.
i would leave it to your discretion to choose any officer(s) from any of the other state cadres, you may believe to be competent, the letter said.
the former government lawyer also signalled that he wants to keep doval in loop.
some of the disclosures may also pertain to national security, he said.
aap alleges that the union finance minister arunjaitley , who headed the ddca for 13 years till 2013, presided over the big-ticket ddca scam.
kejriwal took to twitter to launch a scathing attack on pm modi.
is it true that mha has sent ddca file to pm to decide whether to declare enquiry commission illegal.
what will pm do- declare it illegal or allow enquiry?
though it will hv no impact on ongoing enquiry comm, he said in a series of tweets.
govt unveils austerity drive; bars first class travelnew delhi, oct 30, 2014, (pti): 15:27 istunveiling an austerity drive to cut non-plan expenditure by 10 per cent, government has barred bureaucrats from travelling first class on overseas visits and have been asked to use video conferencing as much as possible.
with an aim to restrict fiscal deficit to 4.
1 per cent of gdp in 2014-15, the finance ministry has barred officials from holding meetings in 5-star hotels and put a freeze on fresh appointments and filling up posts lying vacant for over one year.
while officers are entitled to various classes of air travel depending on seniority, utmost economy would need to be observed while exercising the choice keeping the limitations of budget in mind.
however, there would no bookings in the first class, said the office memorandum.
the facility of video conferencing, it said, may be used effectively.
the finance ministry said purchase of new vehicles to meet operational requirement of defence forces, paramilitary forces and security organisations are permitted but ban on purchase of any other vehicles would continue.
such measures are intended at promoting fiscal discipline, without restricting the operational efficiency of the government.
in the context of the current fiscal situation, there is a need to continue to rationalise expenditure and optimise available resources, it said.
the government proposes to lower the fiscal deficit to 3 per cent of gdp by 2016-17.
the deficit which had touched a high of 5.
7 per cent in 2011-12, was brought down to 4.
8 per cent in 2012-13 and further to 4.
5 per cent in 2013-14 by way of austerity measures.
he added that choice has to be made whether or not to be victims of mere populism and wasteful expenditure.
the finance ministry said that the mandatory 10 per cent cut in plan expenditure will exclude interest payments, repayment of debt, defence, capital, salaries, pensions and grants to the state.
no re-appropriation of funds to augment the non-plan heads of expenditure on which cuts have been imposed, shall be allowed during the current fiscal, it said.
it said the austerity measures would also apply to autonomous bodies, adding that no fresh commitments would be made over and above what was provided in the budget.
only seminars and conferences that are absolutely essential should be organised, it said, adding that holding of exhibitions/seminars/conferences abroad is strongly discouraged except in case of exhibitions for trade promotions.
it said in all cases of air travel the lowest air fare tickets available for entitled class are to be purchased.
no companion free ticket on domestic/international travel is to be availed of, it added.
referring to jobs in government departments, it said there will be a total ban on new posts and those that have remained vacant for more than a year will not be filled except under very rare and unavoidable circumstances.
the finance ministry has also asked the departments to avoid bunching up expenditure in the last quarter to ensure that there is no infructuous or wasteful spending.
it said the secretaries would be responsible to ensure compliance of the austerity measures and the financial advisors would be required to submit reports to the finance ministry on a quarterly basis.
the non-plan expenditure of government deals with outlay on subsidies, interest payment, salary, among others.
for the current fiscal, the government has proposed a plan expenditure of rs 5.
75 lakh crore, while that for non-plan expenditure is over rs 12.
19 lakh crore.
total budgeted expenditure estimates, including plan and non-plan stand at rs 17,94,892 crore, higher than revised estimates for 2013-14 at rs 15,90,434 crore.
govt announces host of steps to deal with black money menacenew delhi, feb 28, 2015, (pti) 14:50 istto check black money menace, the government today announced 10-year imprisonment for hiding foreign assets, along with a host of other tough measures including dis-incentivising of cash dealings in real estate and other transactions.
besides framing new legislations, the government will also take steps to incentivise use of credit and debit cards and putting a cap on cash transactions, while quoting pan will be mandatory for all sale and purchase of over rs 1 lakh, finance minister arunjaitley said in his budget speech.
to this end, i propose to introduce a bill in the current session of parliament, he said.
under the proposed law, concealment of income and assets and evasion of tax in relation to foreign assets will be prosecutable with rigorous imprisonment of up to 10 years.
further, the offence will be made non-compoundable and the offenders will not be permitted to approach the settlement commission.
as regards curbing domestic black money, a new and more comprehensive benami transactions (prohibition) bill will be introduced in the current session.
he also proposed to amend the income-tax act to prohibit acceptance or payment of an advance of rs 20,000 or more in cash for purchase of immovable property.
quoting of pan is being made mandatory for any purchase or sale exceeding the value of rs 1 lakh.
the third party reporting entities would be required to furnish information about foreign currency sales and cross border transactions, he saidjaitley further said that a provision is also being made to tackle splitting of reportable transactions.
to improve enforcement, cbdt and cbec will leverage technology and have access to information in each other's database.
the finance minister said one way to curb the flow of black money is to discourage transactions in cash.
now that a majority of indians have or can have, a rupay debit card, i, therefore, proposes to introduce soon several measures that will incentivise credit or debit card transactions, and disincentivise cash transactions, he added.
jaitley said problem of poverty and inequity cannot be eliminated unless generation of black money and its concealment is dealt with effectively and forcefully.
the proposed new law will entail penalty of 300 per cent for concealment of income and assets, while not giving offenders permission to approach the settlement commission.
among others, non-filing of returns or filing with inadequate disclosure of foreign assets will be liable for prosecution with rigorous punishment of up to 7 years.
income tax assessee will be required to mandatorily specify the date of opening of foreign account while filing return of income.
the offence of concealment of income or evasion of tax in relation to a foreign asset will be made a predicate offence under the prevention of money-laundering act, 2002 (pmla), he said.
also enforcement agencies will be given power to attach and confiscate unaccounted assets held abroad and launch prosecution against persons indulging in laundering black money.
jaitley said the foreign exchange management act, 1999 (fema) is also being amended.
new delhi, apr 19, 2015 (pti) 10:45 istformal sector workers may soon have an option to choose between epf scheme run by retirement fund body epfo and new pension scheme (nps) and a proposal in this regard is expected to be discussed by the cabinet next week.
the proposal is part of the bill to make comprehensive amendments to the employees' provident funds and miscellaneous provisions act 1952.
the tripartite discussion on the bill is over and it would be put up for cabinet's approval sometime next week, a source said.
one of the proposed amendments also authorise central government to waive off mandatory pf contributions by workers with certain threshold of monthly income.
the source further revealed that the employees' provident fund organisation (epfo) will be regulatory body for monitoring the implementation of the scheme as there could be cases where worker neither go to epf nor nps.
the proposal to provide these options of choosing social security schemes to workers was announced by the finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech for 2015-16.
with respect to the epf, the employee needs to be provided two options.
firstly, the employee may opt for epf or the new pension scheme (nps).
.
.
another amendment in the bill proposed to change the definition of wages, which would include basic pay and all allowances paid to workers.
this would increase pf contributions by workers and employers but result in higher saving for employees.
the bill provides wages, meaning all emoluments or remunerations including all allowances payable to an employee in cash.
under the scheme, the employees contribute 12 per cent of their basic wages towards epf contribution, with employers pitching in equally.
out of employers' contribution 3.
67 per cent goes towards epf, 8.
33 per cent towards employees' pension scheme and 0.
5 per cent towards the employees' deposit linked insurance scheme.
in the present scenario, some employers split wages of workers into numerous allowances to reduce their pf liability.
the amendment would address this issue.
the employees' representatives are in favour of the clubbing of wages.
however the unionists have reservations against providing option to workers to choose between epf and nps, saying that nps is not a social security scheme rather it is a saving scheme.
oppn seeks pm's statement on release of j-k separatist leadernew delhi, mar 9, 2015, (pti) 13:16 istopposition led by congress today created uproar in rajya sabha over the release of separatist leader masarat alam by the pdp-bjp government in jammu and kashmir demanding a clarification from prime minister narendra modi on the issue.
congress, tmc, jd-u and bsp raised the issue when the house met for the day, calling it a serious issue with implications on national security and demanded suspension of business to take up the issue.
some preliminary facts have come and home minister will make a statement on issue, he said.
deputy chairman p j kurien disallowed the motion but congress members continued to press for a statement from prime minister and stormed into the well of the house, forcing adjournment of proceedings for 15 minutes.
raising the issue anand sharma (cong) alleged that the jammu and kashmir government was encouraging separatists and anti-national activities.
.
.
.
we cannot accept this.
.
.
this country is not ready to accept this.
mayawati (bsp) said after the controversial statement by chief minister mufti mohammed sayeed crediting pakistan and separatists for the conduct of free and fair elections in the state, the release of separatist leader is not in national interest.
in one way it is anti-national.
bjp, she said, should not compromise national interest for the lust of power and went on to remind how she had in august 2003 resigned as chief minister of uttar pradesh within a year of forming a government with bjp support, as her party bsp did not want its principles to be compromised.
sharad yadav (jd-u) said it was bjp's responsibility to clarify on the issue as it had been having parleys with pdp for two months before forming the government in j and k.direck o'brien (tmc) said the security of the country has been compromised because of selfish convenience of politics has won over conviction.
.
.
.
prime minister needs to come and explain, he said.
mir mohammad fayaz (pdp) criticised congress for raising the issue now when it did not utter a word when the pdp- congress coalition in 2002 released hurriyat leaders geelani, shabir shah and yaseen malik.
fayaz alleged that leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad of congress had compromised on principles to get elected to rajya sabha even as five congress mlas had voiced similar views as pdp on the hanging of afzal guru.
azad rebutted the charge saying 3-4 mlas had in response to a statement by chief spokesperson of pdp, who is now a minister, stated that on humanitarian grounds the family should have been allowed to meet afzal guru and his body should be handed over to them.
they made no mention of the hanging.
.
.
there was no condemnation of the hanging, he said, adding the statement by the legislators was in their personal capacity and not authorised by the party.
as kurien disallowed the motion, congress members rushed into the well of the house raising slogans like aatankwadi ko chhodnewalon, sharam karo, sharam karo (shame on people releasing terrorist).
continued vociferous protests by congress members deterred external affairs minister sushma swaraj to make a statement on tamil fishermen issue raised by jd-u's k c tyagi.
kurien tried to restore order in the house saying it was unfair on part of congress to not allow others to raise their issues.
as congress members kept shouting slogans in the well demanding statements from the prime minister and home minister rajnath singh, an apparently exasperated deputy chairman p j kurien criticised them for not allowing others to raise issues.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi tried to persuade the opposition members by assuring them that home minister will clear their doubts on the issue.
when the home minister gives a reply, the facts will come out.
you will then realize what have you done.
this is high-handedness, indiscipline.
let the whole country see your behaviour.
.
.
i had already said that after this issue the subject of tamil fishermen will be taken up.
can the main opposition party obstruct the issues of other opposition parties?
you are doing wrong.
why do you oppose tyagi?
why do you oppose the fishermen issue?
this is high-handedness of one party.
.
.
this is very bad, he said.
i never expected this behaviour.
you may do whatever you want, he said refusing to adjourn.
however, with the noisy protests continuing, he adjourned the house till noon.
new delhi, dec 23, 2015, dhns 1:37 istthe government on tuesday introduced the insolvency and bankruptcy code, 2015 in lok sabha after failing to reach a consensus with opposition parties to refer the bill to a joint committee.
the government, however, requested the opposition members to come armed with individual partys opinion on the last day of the winter session on wednesday so that a call can be taken on the fate of economic reform initiating legislation.
the bill was listed in the legislative business of lok sabha but parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu told the house post lunch that the government was trying to bring all parties to a common understanding for referring it to the joint committee of parliament, having members from rajya sabha and the lok sabha.
he told the house that while there was a consensus in lok sabha, differences arise with opposition in the rajya sabha.
later in the evening, finance minister arunjaitley came to lok sabha to introduce the bill since the last minute efforts failed.
it is only an obstacle race where my only job is to jump obstacle race, arunjaitley commented since most import legislative agenda of this session  the gst bill  too was sacrificed due to resistance from the congress.
tmc mp prof saugata roy, participating in the debate, questioned the governments intention of bringing an important legislation on the last but one day of parliament session which he said required amending 252 clauses and eleven different acts.
praising the minister for being good at drafting and introducing legislation in parliament, roy said that arunjaitley was bringing bills on the rebound after he failed to get gst bill passed in this session and in a lawyer manner where none is needed.
drawing a parallel with arunjaitley , he recalled that another lawyer-turned-congress minister kapil sibal had brought several bills during his stint as hrd minister in the upa regime.
the bill provides for setting up of a insolvency and bankruptcy board of india to regulate professionals, agencies and information utilities engaged in resolution of insolvencies of companies, partnership firms and individuals.
the code also proposes to establish a fund to be called the insolvency and bankruptcy fund of india, said the statement of objects and reasons of the bill.
pulses prices to fall, says centrenew delhi, nov 4, 2015, dhns: 0:45 istthe centre on tuesday said prices of pulses have begun sliding down in almost all states and would moderate further in days to come with arrival of the kharif crops in the market.
on an average, prices across the country have declined by about rs 20 per kg.
with the ongoing market arrivals of urad dal and arrival of the new crop of arhar dal expected in early december, the prices will ease further the government said in a statement here.
it said the supply situation would be further augmented when the several tonnes of pulses seized in the states come back into the retail market.
this came after union finance minister arunjaitley held a meeting to review the prices of essential commodities ahead of the festive season.
the meeting was attended by union urban development minister venkaiah naidu, minister of state for agriculture sanjeev balyan, principal secretary to the prime minister and the cabinet secretary besides secretaries of the departments of agriculture, food, consumer affairs, revenue and commerce.
at the meeting, arunjaitley directed the secretaries of the departments of agriculture, food and consumer affairs to remain vigilant, work closely with the states and take immediate measures, including stepping up procurement of pulses, enhancing and building up of buffer stocks.
he also sought the officials to take proactive steps to hold the price line at reasonable levels and directed all the departments concerned to ensure that the common citizens enjoy access to adequate supplies of essential commodities in the ensuing months, especially during the festive season.
meanwhile, cabinet secretary p k sinha also held a meeting with the chief secretaries of maharashtra, karnataka, rajasthan, mp, chhattisgarh and up through video-conferencing to review the progress of disposal of pulses seized in the de-hoarding operations.
earlier at a press conference, arunjaitley hoped to see fall in the prices of pulses in coming days as the international market had also begun stabilising.
jaitley, however, blamed the states for rise in the prices of pulses.
the moderation in prices of pulses began in most of the states only after the centre cracked down on the hoarders and recovered large quantity of pulses, especially tur dal, he said.
rahul leads cong attack on modi, azad hailed as whistleblowernew delhi/lucknow, dec 24, 2015, (pti) 17:36 istrahul gandhi today led congress' all out attack on prime minister narendra modi over bjp mp kirti azad's suspension as it questioned the pm's silence on alleged corruption in ddca and accused him of shielding finance minister arun jaitley.
the opposition party also hailed azad as whistleblower ruing that instead of taking purposive action in the matter, the bjp leadership thought it fit to shoot down the messenger.
it wondered whether suspending a party member who exposed corruption is the new meaning of promised achche din, a reference to pm's poll slogan .
pillorying the prime minister over his na khaoonga na khaney doonga election slogan, gandhi said, during election campaign, modi spoke about scams and said he would not allow corruption.
but now scams are taking place and the latest is the cricket scam, and the mp who raised it has been suspended (from the bjp).
modi used to say 'na khaoonga, na khaney doonga' (will not engage in corruption myself, nor will allow others).
but today he is silent.
people have started losing faith, he said while returnig from his two-day visit to amethi.
at the aicc briefing in delhi, former law minister ashwini kumar questioned the nda government over its benchmark on corruption reminding the bjp that it used to make an issue of such incidents during the upa regime.
amidst expectations of a fair and credible probe into the ddca scam and demands that the prime minister sack his finance minister arunjaitley to ensure probity in public life, modi has done the opposite.
the congress party is forced to ask as to why are the prime minister and bjp shielding, supporting and protecting perpetrators of corruption, kumar told reporters.
rahul said modi should take action and conduct inquiry into affairs of delhi and district cricket association(ddca)of which arunjaitley was the president for 13 years till 2013.
his remarks came a day after bjp cracked the whip and suspended cricketer-turned-mp azad, charging him with indulging in anti-party activities and accusing him of colluding with congress and aap to bring it to disrepute.
under relentless attack from delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and aap leaders on alleged corruption in delhi cricket body ddca, arunjaitley today accused him and aap leaders of lowering the level of public discourse saying vulgarity is not a right available to people in positions.
in a sharp retort, congress leader pramod tiwari said that while aap has lowered the dignity in speech, the bjp has lowered the dignity in action.
having cited the example of l k advani, who had resigned from the cabinet pending the high court decision in the hawala case, why is the prime minister not asking his finance minister to emulate the example of advani.
considering the benchmark established by the bjp during the upa government for seeking the resignation of upa minister, why the double standards now, kumar said.
noting that the modern panchayati raj system was the brainchild of his father and former prime minister rajiv gandhi, rahul said congress favoured more powers for village heads.
he claimed various laws enacted by the previous congress governments gave more powers to village heads, unlike the legislations brought by the modi government.
the congress leader alleged the modi government thrice tried to finish the land acquisition law brought by the upa government but every time the move was blocked by his party.
rahul interacted with village heads on different issues, during which a gram pradhan asked him about the logic behind fixing minimum educational qualification by haryana government for contesting panchayat elections.
the congress leader appeared to be in agreement with the decision of haryana's bjp government when he said a village head should have some minimum educational qualification to bring about development of the village.
he also enquired about progress of mnrega scheme, another pet project of the erstwhile congress-led upa government.
earlier at nigoha, rahul said that during the lok sabha election campaign modi had promised to deposit rs 15 lakh in every person's account after bringing back the black money stashed away abroad.
has it been deposited?
he asked sarcastically.
promising to carry on development work in his lok sabha constituency, he said, we will complete development works in amethi.
we will fight unitedly as a single person cannot continue the struggle alone.
there was minor trouble during rahul's visit when congress workers clashed with each other after one car hit another.
two people were injured in the clash.
bjp 'fully supports' rajenew delhi, june 26, 2015 (pti) 17:56 istbjp today asserted that it fully supports rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, who is engulfed in the lalit modi controversy, rejecting opposition demands for her resignation.
as the congress upped the ante pressing for raje's removal, bjp secretary shrikant sharma told reporters here, bjp fully supports vasundhara raje who is our tallest leader in rajasthan.
congress is targeting our popular leaders and we stand by her.
sharma's assertion came after finance minister arunjaitley met prime minister narendra modi.
jaitley, who on thursday said that nobody is tainted, is understood to have discussed various aspects of the raging controversy including the legal implications and the political fallout.
the finance minister later had a meeting with bjp president amit shah and is believed to have deliberated upon the party's strategy to brazen out the massive row involving raje as well as external affairs minister sushma swaraj.
changing its tack today, the party said even if raje had backed the immigration appeal of lalit modi, former ipl chairman, she had not testified in court on his behalf and hence the opposition criticism of her supporting a man wanted for financial crimes in india was misplaced.
did she go and depose there (in the uk)?
no.
there was no action that finally took place of her behalf, said bjp spokesperson nalin kohli, adding that raje's statement was made in 2011 in her personal capacity, not in her capacity as leader of opposition in rajasthan.
in jaipur, raje's office for the second consecutive day dismissed media reports including that of a signature campaign by 120 party mlas in her support.
in a statement, cmo spokesman said the chief minister holds jansunwai (public hearing) at her residence every friday, and for this many mlas come with the public of their constituency for putting forward their problems and demands.
similarly today, the cm is holding public hearing in which mlas and party workers are meeting, the spokesman said.
the news of signature by 120 mlas (in her support) is completely wrong.
it is not fair to link public hearing with a different view, he said.
the cmo said the chief minister never asked or made any call to mlas to show their strength and support.
the chief minister's press advisor had said last night that false reports were being run on the basis of rumours to tarnish her image and cause political damage.
the chief minister is in the dock for reportedly giving an affidavit in favour of lalit modi, who is facing ed probe into alleged money laundering in connection with organising of ipl tournament.
lalit modi has made london his home ever since the probe began in 2010.
the cmo said today that some channels were still broadcasting baseless and untrue news.
the chief minister has not made any such statements shown in tv news channels.
some media channels were running news to tarnish the political image of chief minister, he said.
a number of the chief minister's cabinet colleagues including r s rathore, yunus khan, krishnendra kaur deepa and mlas, and state bjp president ashok parnami were present during the hearing, the press advisor told pti.
media persons were not allowed access to the public hearing, the advisor said.
hitting back at the opposition over its demand for raje's resignation, rajasthan bjp president ashok parnami asked whether former cm ashok gehlot had tendered his resignation on corruption charges levelled by his own mlas.
with what face ashok gehlot is demanding resignation of cm vasundhara raje when he did not resign on the corruption charges levelled by his own mlas and rape cases in which his two ministers and mla were allegedly involved, parnami said in a statement here.
by p m mathew, feb 11, 2017: 1:44 istthe general understanding of the possible impact of union budget 2017-18 on the healthcare sector is that the sector got due significance in the budget.
but a closer look at the budgetary provisions for it reveals that the budget did not discuss the sector in detail.
also, there is no clarity about the structural reforms the government plans in the health sector.
the budget allocation for the health sector for 2017-18 is rs 48,853 crore, 23  higher than last year.
the governments plan to eradicate diseases like kala azar (visceral leishmaniosis), filariasis, measles and tuberculosis over a short-term period was unveiled in the budget.
the decision to add 5,000 new post-graduate medical seats every year in the medical colleges, the setting up of two new all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in two states - gujarat and jharkhand - and the steps announced to roll out dnb (diplomate for national board) courses in big district hospitals are aimed at improving the health manpower infrastructure in the country.
the target of transforming 1.
5 lakh health sub-centres into health wellness centres is indeed the need of the hour .
the renewed focus on rural sanitation is a shot in the arm for public health provision in the country.
expanding the reach of telemedicine and the commitment to bring down infant and maternal mortality rates are indeed laudable.
though these are all welcome measures, various stake holders and the healthcare services industry believe that the measures announced in the budget and the budgetary outlay are insufficient for a crucial field such as the health sector.
there are also some short comings in the budget.
nothing is mentioned on universal healthcare(uhc) and the much-needed upgradation of infrastructure in the sector.
currently, india ranks very poor in basic health indicators.
large number of indians do not have access to affordable healthcare.
most announcements in the budget are mainly in the nature of incremental steps targeted towards access and affordability, including proposed changes in pharmaceutical and medical devices regulations.
continued neglect of the sector has resulted in massive deficiencies in health infrastructure and a shortage of qualified health care providers.
public healthcare facilities are insufficient and are of poor quality.
available facilities are overcrowded.
if the public health facilities are not strengthened by budgetary support, there will be increased demand for services from private providers.
many poor and lower-middle class patients cannot afford private healthcare services.
the healthcare outlay in the budget is inadequate to meet the requirements of the sector.
lifestyle diseases that account for 53  of the disease burden should have been prioritised.
the governments initiative to widen the availability of essential drugs across the country, to reduce the cost of life-saving drugs and promotion of generic medicines etc, is going to face several technical obstacles.
these road blocks include the outdated drug and cosmetic act of 1940, absence of a reliable mechanism to ensure the quality of generic medicines and the stiff opposition from monopoly combinations of pharma companies and health services providers.
universal healthcarethe healthcare services industry had several pre-budget expectations such as introduction of universal healthcare coverage with due weightage to quality of care delivered and effective programmes to address the growing burden of non-communicable diseases.
the industry expected viable reimbursement models for the private sector.
the industry was expecting to see an increased share of the gdp for health expenditure to address the growing burden of non-communicable diseases such as diabetes, heart diseases, asthma and cancer.
providing impetus to innovation such as newer healthcare delivery models, digital technologies and molecular diagnostics is needed to increase accuracy and efficiency in diagnosis and treatment of these diseases.
the healthcare expenditure should increase substantially from its current allocation, which is less than 2  of our gdp.
under-funding in healthcare system will not deliver desired outcomes.
to cater to the healthcare needs of the population, a minimum allocation of 5  of the gdp is necessary.
the governments spending on the health sector is the lowest amongst the brics (brazil, russia, india, china, south africa) nations.
marginal increases in the budgetary allocation are inadequate to make any significant strides in the provision of healthcare.
the private sector, which provides 75  of the diagnostics requirements, and the private pharmaceutical industry are not happy with the budget.
there is nothing for them by way of tax incentives and other fiscal relief.
it should have offered incentives to private players to make healthcare affordable.
budget 2017-18, like earlier budgets, does not offer much to revive the health sector.
new delhi, mar 2, 2013, dhns: 1:45 istrajnath to consult senior leadersit became apparent on the second day of the bjp conclave here that efforts are underway to elevate gujarat chief minister narendra modi to the partys central leadership.
while party president rajnath singh lauded the hindutva poster boys transformation into a successful, development-oriented politician, the bjp national council made way for including modi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan into the partys parliamentary board.
singh will consult senior leaders like l k advani before starting the exercise.
a decision is expected by the end of the month.
besides, the national council empowered singh to constitute fresh election and disciplinary committees.
this is a routine exercise that every party president undergoes.
singh showered encomiums on modi for being the only bjp chief minister to have retained power for three successive terms.
chauhan and chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh have achieved this feat twice.
modi has made a hat trick.
we were delighted to hear about his victory.
we had never seen a bjp chief minister win three consecutive terms.
his development model has been lauded by all, even at the international forum.
be it the us or the european union, all have praised his good governance, singh said.
he walked the extra mile to garland the gujarat chief minister and exhorted party members to give modi a standing ovation.
it wont be proper to welcome modi with mere words.
he deserves a good round of applause, a standing ovation, singh said.
several party leaders like yashwant sinha had publicly rooted for modi as the bjps prime ministerial candidate.
even rss chief mohan bhagwat had described him as a friend and an able administrator.
other leaders also chimed in, with delhi state president vijay goel saying that it appears as if not manmohan singh but modi is the prime minister.
this is what even the children believe.
bjp spokesperson prakash javadekar said while sunil gavaskar and sachin tendulkar had created records in cricket, modi did the same in the field of agriculture since gujarat has achieved 10 per cent growth in the last decade.
many party members believe that the bjps poll prospects will be rejuvenated if modi was projected as the prime ministerial candidate.
however, such an action may cost the support of nda partner jd(u).
even the trinamool congress in bengal is likely to shy away from joining the nda in that case.
it may become difficult for the bjp to hold on to secular parties.
singh also reached out to all senior leaders, including advani, sushma swaraj, arunjaitley and nitin gadkari, and appealed to the people to bury their differences and come together.
the bjp probably believes that it can sway the 2014 elections in its favour, since singhs speech appeared to be a manifesto with references to several poll promises.
criticising the centre for failing to contain terrorism, singh assured the people that a strong anti-terror law will be enacted if the bjp comes to power.
the upa government had repealed the draconian pota, which was introduced in the nda regime.
if the government is so serious on the issue of terrorism that it wants to make an anti-terrorism institution like the proposed national counter terrorism centre, then why is it not keen on enacting an anti-terrorism law at the centre, singh said.
new delhi, feb 2, 2017, dhns 1:45 istfor the first time, the union budget documents contained a consolidated outcome budget detailing the output of the schemes of 68 ministries and departments.
this was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech in the lok sabha on wednesday.
for the first time, a consolidated outcome budget, covering all ministries and departments, is being laid along with the other budget documents.
in the preface, the ministry of finance said that from 2017-18, outputs and outcomes of the schemes of all ministries and departments will be available along with the financial outlays as part of budget documents, so that clearly defined objectives and goals for each scheme can be seen by all.
the present budget, it said, makes a significant departure from the past.
the next important decision india will have to take is whether people like me.
.
.
(are) entitled to get our lpg subsidy, he said at the ht leadership summit here.
i think the sooner we are able to take these decisions as to who is entitled to these subsidies, of course some people would be, the better it would be for our system.
these decisions are all on our agenda, he added.
currently, 12 cylinders are available to consumers at a subsidised rate of rs 414 each (in delhi).
any requirement beyond this will have to be purchased at the market price of rs 880 per 14.
2-kg cylinder.
jaitley said: once political leadership, particularly the man on the top, has decisiveness, the most complicated of the decisions will also become simple.
one does not have to wait for years to decide on coal blocks or what to do with spectrum or natural resources, or with diesel pricing or with gas pricing.
some of these decisions had been complicated over the years, but the new government wasted no time and simply took a call on them he said, adding that i think thats the agenda we continue to follow.
jaitley further said that india is at a crucial stage where we must not exhaust our patience as global investors are looking at india with renewed interest.
will defend kejriwal for free: jethmalaninew delhi, apr 4, 2017, (pti) 21:40 istsenior lawyer ram jethmalani.
dhveteran lawyer ram jethmalani today said he will defend arvind kejriwal in the defamation case slapped against him by finance minister arunjaitley without charging any fee if the delhi chief minister cannot afford to pay him.
jethmalani also hit out at arunjaitley , alleging that the row over the delhi government's move to clear his bills has been instigated by the union finance minister as he is afraid of my cross-examination.
meanwhile, the ruling aap alleged that arunjaitley was paid large retainership fee for defending a private firm when it was mired in the 2g scam and that there is nothing wrong in the government making payments to a lawyer defending the chief minister from public exchequer.
it said a penniless aap and kejriwal cannot afford expensive lawyers.
i will certainly defend him even if he can't pay, but he said 'no, i want to pay, send us the bills', so i have sent the bills.
even if the government does not support him, i will.
even if he cannot pay, i will fight the case for free.
if necessary, i will support him for his livelihood because he is a clean force compared to arunjaitley , said jethmalani.
delhi deputy chief minister manish sisodia had recently directed the general administration department to clear the bills totalling around rs 3 crore to jethmalani.
it is learnt that lt governor anil baijal has sought solicitor general ranjit kumar's advice on the issue.
addressing an election rally, kejriwal defended his government's move, suggesting arunjaitley filed the case after he raised the issue of alleged corruption in delhi and district cricket association when the bjp leader was at the helm of it.
in delhi there was massive corruption in cricket.
you must have heard of ddca.
it was heavily corrupt.
youngsters used to come to me and complain that money is sought for selection.
i initiated a probe into it.
then bjp filed a case against me.
we hired top lawyer ram jethmalani.
they ask why should the government pay?
should i pay from my pocket?
they want to weaken the fight against corruption, he said.
jethmalani said 90 per cent of his clients are poor and he fights their cases free of cost, adding he was willing to consider kejriwal as one of his poor clients.
everybody knows my normal daily fee is rs 22.
2 lakh, or more, perhaps the retainer, plus conference charges.
you can enquire from anybody.
but, for 90 per cent of my clients, i do free work, he said.
jethmalani even cited an instance of a case in which he had fought for free a case related to bjp.
i have done free work in a case related to bjp too, and the bjp could pay.
the case was of bjp elected members set aside by the bombay high court.
.
.
they pleaded hindutva, and i fought the case for free in the supreme court.
and, it was a landmark judgement by the court, when i proved to it that hindutva is not the name of religion, he said.
the bjp termed the delhi government's move to clear bills as dacoity and loot of public money and said it will not let it happen.
union minister prakash javadekar alleged that kejriwal was dragged to court by arunjaitley for his personal crime and the delhi government's decision to foot the bill is against the law and rules of the government.
jethmalani said it is the government's duty to defend the chief minister.
sisodia said it is not a personal legal battle that kejriwal is fighting and the case stemmed from a probe ordered by the delhi government to clean up corruption in cricket administration in the city.
the government will fight the case, he told reporters.
in a series of tweets, aap leader ashish khetan, a former journalist, said arunjaitley is a rich man so he can afford expensive lawyers.
@narendramodi ji, your fm has made his money defending big ppl involved in big scams.
@arvindkejriwal all his life has defended the poor (sic), he tweeted.
khaitan said, what is most important that large retainership fee was paid to @arunjaitley at a time when anil ambani & his companies were mired in 2g scam.
jethmalani said he has not received any money from the delhi government so far and voiced displeasure at media questioning him on the issue.
bjp issues notice to kirti azadnew delhi: jan 1, 2016, dhns 1:47 isthanding over a parting gift on new year eve to its suspended darbhanga mp, the bjp on thursday issued a show cause notice to kirti azad, asking why should he not be expelled from the party on the charges that he continued to indulge in anti-party activities through his relentless attack on finance minister arunjaitley in the ddca scam.
nine days back, the party had suspended him alleging that he was indulging in anti-party activities by publicly taking on arunjaitley despite the fact that bjp president amit shah had cautioned him not to indulge in mud slinging which is embarrassing to the organisation.
in the show-cause notice, the bjp has asked former test cricketer to reply in 10 days on why he should not be thrown out of the party.
though azad has been insisting that his fight was against corruption in the ddca and had nothing to do either with arunjaitley or arunjaitley , what irked party, said sources, was his relentless finger-pointing at a time when the delhi-ruling aap has made it a political issue to attack the finance minister and prime minister narendra modi himself.
perhaps, believe party sources, azad did not got audience which was seeking from the prime minister to explain his take on the ddca case.
it is learnt that azads attempt to seek support from disgruntled leaders within the party  be it old guards lead by lk advani or subramaniam swamy  did not go down well with the establishment.
after azad was suspended on december 23, advani, m m joshi, shanta kumar and yashwant sinha had got together and expressed solidarity with the mp.
they had also decided to take up his issue at the party platform since they were of the view that he was raising corruption matter in a sports body since years now.
in the suspension order, the bjp had accused him of breaching party discipline conducted anti-party activities over the past few months.
taking note of his direct attack on arunjaitley in the lok sabha at a time when congress was also raising the ddca issue in the just-held winter session, the suspension order had stated that inside and outside parliament you conducted yourself in a manner that amounts to indiscipline and anti-party activities.
you made several statements to carry out a false propaganda.
so the parliamentary board has suspended you from the party membership.
later, azad wrote to bjp chief amit shah, saying that the charges against him were vague and that he should be given specific charges.
he had also sought help from subramaniam swamy on replying to his suspension order.
over half of budget 2014 proposals still works in progressshemin joy, new delhi, feb 28, 2015, dhns: 4:25 istmore than half of the 170 announcements made in the union budget by finance minister arunjaitley last july are still works in progress.
a document prepared by department of economic affairs showed that the government was yet to conclude 89 announcements made in july while it managed to finish the job on 55 items.
twenty-six items have been marked action partially completed, according to the document implementation of budget announcements 2014-15.
many of the announcements made with much fanfare are still in their nascent stage.
shyama prasad mukherji rurban mission, which is to be implemented by the rural development ministry, is yet to reach the union cabinet.
a national consultation was held in august last and an expert committee was set up.
the matter will be taken up for expenditure finance committee and cabinet approval, the document said.
identifying the need to ensure irrigation in bulk of farmland, arunjaitley had earmarked rs 1,000 crore for the pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana but what the agriculture ministry has so far done is just circulating a concept note, efc note and draft guidelines to ministries.
jaitley also wanted an expert committee to submit a report on how to deal with unclaimed money lying with provident fund, post office and savings schemes by december last year.
however, the committee held just two meetings in september 26 and december 29 and the report is yet to be submitted.
another pro-people measure was the national livelihood mission, which envisaged providing bank loan for women self help groups (shg) at 4 per cent in 100 districts and the start-up village entrepreneurship programme.
a meeting of the efc is awaited for deciding on bank loans for women shgs.
on village start-ups, what the ministry of rural development has done is just a workshop.
even a concept note is not prepared.
as per the document, one of the most important announcements that are still a work in progress is the passage of goods and services tax (gst).
one of the major impediment in enacting the law was the opposition from some states.
however, the government has managed to introduce the bill in lok sabha.
dalip singh, shemin joy, dh news service, new delhi, jun 12 2017, 20:16 istthe bjp on monday formed a three-member panel of senior union ministers to hold consultations with other parties for reaching out consensus on the presidential candidate with the filling of nominations to begin from june 14.
the committee, comprising rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu, will consult leaders of different political parties over the presidential poll and try to evolve a consensus, the bjp said in a statement released on monday.
with the bjp constituting its panel, it has scotched buzz about one of the ministers being in the race for rashtrapati bhavan.
though, the vice president election is still open.
in view of the presidential election, bjp president amit shah has postponed a planned visit to arunachal pradesh.
the bjp is also likely to defer its national executive meeting at visakhapatnam, scheduled for july 15-july 16, for the same reason.
party sources said though internal meetings are taking place on securing numbers required for the presidential elections, about the choice of candidate only prime minister narendra modi and amit shah are aware.
outside structured consultations have not taken place so far, added party sources.
the last date for filling nominations is june 28 for the poll which would take place on july 17 as president pranab mukherjee's five-year term would come to an end a week after that.
the politics on the presidential elections is hotting up as at least nine opposition parties will hold a meeting on wednesday to finalise their strategy on naming a candidate for the contest in the absence of consensus.
congress, left, tmc, samajwadi party, bahujan samaj party, jd(u), rjd, ncp and dmk have formed a sub-group to come up with a combined opposition strategy for taking on the ruling nda in the poll for the post of president.
the opposition parties are waiting for the nda to announce its own choice before they open their card but bjp sources said that the declaration of the face for the battle may happen at a time leaving little room for political manoeuvring.
a candidate bearing social moorings would be hand-picked for the presidential election to send a strong message in the country.
opposition parties feel the bjp panel may come up with a consensus candidatewith the bjp setting in motion the process to select a presidential candidate, a section of the opposition parties now feel that the government side may come up with a name acceptable to them.
they believe the constitution of the committee with rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu as members is a positive sign.
the moderate panel, as some of the opposition leaders put it, is expected to come up with a moderate candidate whom the opposition could also support.
sources said congress could also agree if the bjp-led nda comes up with a candidate from the dalit or tribal communities.
the opposition camp feels that the bjp may look for candidates like a former chief justice.
the opposition expects that the bjp panel could throw names like that of draupadi murmu, former governor s c jamir and even kerala governor and former chief justice of india p sadasivam as a presidential candidate.
however, this may not mean that there will be no contest as the left parties may field its own candidate for the presidential polls in a redux of 2002 when it fielded captain laxmi against a p j abdul kalam, who got support from the then ruling nda and most of the opposition, including congress.
though the ruling side have enough numbers, the entire socialist parties may break ranks with opposition to vote if bjp fields former socialist hukum narain yadav as its vice presidential candidate.
new delhi, may 22, 2015, dhns: 1:48 istwith no end in sight for the confrontation between arvind kejriwal and najeeb jung, the centre on friday issued a notification making it clear that the delhi lieutenant governor (l-g) need not consult the chief minister on issues like appointment of bureaucrats.
the note reiterated that the l-g would have jurisdiction over matters connected to services, public order, police and land though he may consult the chief minister whenever he thinks necessary using his discretion.
public order, police, land and services fall outside the purview of legislative assembly of the national capital territory of delhi and consequently, the government will have no executive power (on such matters).
.
.
.
it is well established that where there is no legislative power, there is no executive power since executive power is co-extensive with legislative power, the notification said, adding that power in relation to public order, police, land and services vests exclusively in the president or his delegate i.
e.
the lieutenant governor.
the aap and a section of legal experts found fault with the notification.
the circular issued by the home ministry is a clarificatory note.
we do not want offices get locked, he said.
kejriwal reacted angrily and said: the bjp first lost delhi elections.
todays notification shows bjps nervousness about our anti-corruption efforts.
the bjp again lost today.
emphasising that he was getting the notification examined by legal experts for infirmities, he said the central government was trying to run delhi through the backdoor.
the notification, which annuls the similar previous notification of 1998, came amid a raging confrontation between jung and kejriwal over the appointment of ias officer shakuntala gamlin as acting chief secretary.
it also said that the anti-corruption branch police station should not take cognisance of offences against officials, employees and functionaries of these central services.
the gazette notification said the union territory (ut) cadre consisting of ias, ips personnel was common to uts  delhi, chandigarh, andaman and nicobar islands, lakshadweep, daman and diu, dadra and nagar haveli, puducherry  and states of arunachal pradesh, goa and mizoram administered by the central government.
govt in a bind over epf taxmarch 02, 2016, new delhi, dhns 3:41 istpf row: under attack, centre may roll back proposalthe government is caught in a bind over the budget proposal to tax withdrawal from employees provident fund (epf) and is mulling whether to soften the blow or completely reverse the decision which is likely to affect over six crore salaried citizens.
on monday, finance minister arunjaitley budget handed out a shock to the salaried class when he said their pf corpus would be taxed to the tune of 60  after withdrawal if it is not re-invested in any annuity fund after april 1.
the decision created a flutter with hundreds taking to the social media on tuesday and signing an online petition calling it a draconian act demanding an immediate roll back.
ripples were also felt in parliament, following which minister of state (mos) for finance jayant sinha and top officials took pains throughout the day explaining the issue in various forums.
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia even said that only 60  of interest on contributions made after april 1 will be taxed and that the principal amount will remain untouched at the time of withdrawal.
his explanation appeared contradictory to what jaitleys budget speech said on monday.
jaitley had said that 60  of entire corpus will be taxed.
the apparent change in stance within 24 hours of the budget presentation triggered a severe attack on the government by the opposition and employees unions.
the attempt to clarify the epf ruling by mos finance and the secretary show us how clueless the government is on such serious issues, cpm leader sitaram yechury tweeted.
congress leader shashi tharoor said: people don't take out pf money to put it into an annuity, they take it out because they need it, while the employees union called it double taxation.
later in the day, the finance ministry issued a statement saying the minister will re-consider the issue based on certain suggestions that the ministry has received.
the ministry stated: we have received representations today (tuesday) from various sections suggesting that if the amount of 60  of corpus is not invested in annuity products, the tax should be levied only on accumulated returns on the corpus and not on the contributed amount.
we have also received representations asking for not having any monetary limit on the employer contribution under epf, because such a limit is not there in nps.
the minister would be considering all these suggestions and taking a view on it in due course.
govt likely to delay land billnew delhi, april 23, 2015, dhns: 2:42 istthe government is taken aback by events following the suicide of a farmer at the aam admi party (aap) rally.
the opposition in parliament squarely blamed the anti-farmer policy of the narendra modi government for driving farmers to take the drastic step.
consequently, there is perceptible worry among bjp ministers and mps that it could cast shadow on the government's plans to legislate a bill to replace the land acquisition ordinance, which had to be re-promulgated.
the government did not place the bill in the rajya sabha beacause it does not have majority there.
there is every possibility that the bill will not be allowed to come up in the upper house again, said bjp floor managers.
given the political atmosphere following the suicide episode, the government itself could decide not to bring the bill to replace the ordinance until the fag end of the session, which ends in the second week of may.
as yet, however, there is no indication that modi will back down on his resolve on the matter though he may want more safety measures to end the distress of farmers.
in fact, shortly before he addressed the lok sabha on thursday, modi met seniors ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley , venkaiah naidu and nitin gadkari to formulate the government's response.
the pms line was that the issue of farmer suicides should not be allowed to be mixed up with the issue of amending the land acquisition law passed by the upa, which is blamed for hurdles in acquiring land for key infrastructure project.
in keeping with the pm's statement that we have to find a way and we cant leave farmers helpless, the government might re-examine relief package for agriculturists, which have been announced from time to time.
an all-party meet could also be called on the subject.
as a counter measure, the bjp has blamed congress for the suicide, saying misrule by the previous congress-led upa is responsible to present situation.
over 3,000 farmers have committed suicide in the past three years and nearly three lakh farmers took their lives since 1995, according to the national crime research bureau.
the five worst-hit states are maharashtra, andhra pradesh, karnataka, madhya pradesh and kerala.
maharashtra alone has recorded over 10,000 suicides between 2011 and 2013.
its marathwada region has seen over 200 suicides in three months.
it should be our determination to find a solution to this problem.
the issue has been there for long, we will take all good suggestions: for years the issue of farmers committing suicide is a matter of great concern, modi said on thursday.
jaitley hints at upa minister in black money listnew delhi, oct 22, 2014, (pti) 21:20 istfinance minister arunjaitley today may have dropped hints that a minister in the previous upa government could be one of those who had stashed money abroad.
i know who you are hinting at.
but please wait for the appropriate time, he told times now when asked if he was not violating the treaty (on confidentiality) if you say that it could be a person in manmohan singh's council of ministers.
asked if he was not denying that there could be minister from the upa government, arunjaitley quipped, i am neither confirming nor denying, i am only smiling.
to a question if there was anyone from the council of ministers of the government headed by manmohan singh, he said, i don't want to give details about that because then again i will end up violating the treaty, i don't want to give those details.
to another question whether an influential member of the congress party was among the names with the government, he said, if we are able to prove charges against any person, politician or otherwise, the names will be told to the court and it will become public.
i don't want to get into specific details at the moment because i don't want to be accused of violating the treaty.
explaining the process involved in prosecuting the persons named by foreign government of holding black money abroad, he said the accounts will be made public in accordance with the due process of law.
so, all we intend to tell the (supreme) court is, we will make those names public against whom charges have been filed in the court, he said.
if my opponent's name is there i will be very enthusiastic in declaring the names.
i think you wait for the facts.
in case charges are proved against some politician, that politician he or she happens to be a member of any political parties, the names would be made public.
when asked about the controversy surrounding congress president sonia gandhi's son-in-law robert vadra's land deals in haryana, he said it was for the new state government to take action in the matter.
prima facie there is a case for investigation (against vadra) and because it does not happen you start with almost negligible capital, a few lakhs of rupees and that turns into crores and crores of rupee within a matter of year or two.
now that does not happen in normal transaction, he said.
if you use exempted money for non-exempted purpose, your exemption will be at stake.
therefore, the congress party has a lot of answering to do, he said.
bjp almost begging for apology, won't oblige: kejriwalnew delhi, dec 28, 2015, (pti) 14:19 istdelhi government today rejected bjp's contention that union finance minister arunjaitley was given a clean-chit by an inquiry it had appointed to investigate alleged irregularities into ddca affairs which was headed by him for around 13 years till 2013.
chief minister arvind kejriwal said he would not apologise for targeting arunjaitley as no clean chit was ever given while his deputy manish sisodia posed four questions to the finance minister and bjp over the alleged financial bunglings in ddca when arunjaitley headed the the cricket body and wondered why they were running away from a probe.
our panel has not named anyone in this report.
does that mean that corruption happened during the period but ghosts did it?
why there is so much rush to absolve jaitley?
why so much pressure?
probe by the commission of inquiry has begun yesterday only.
gopal subramaniam whom we appointed as its chief had given the letter of acceptance yesterday, sisodia told reporters.
taking to twitter, kejriwal said, no clean chit ever given by any del govt probe.
that report confirmed several instances of wrongdoings but did not fix responsibility.
on the delhi government's inquiry panel into ddca case, the cm said in another tweet, it didn't mention anyone's name n recommended enquiry commission to fix responsibility, which we have done now.
referring to certain allegations against ddca, sisodia said, wasn't arunjaitley the head of ddca during 1999-2013 when these irregularities happened?
when laptops were hired at rs 16,000 per day when cost of renovation of the the feroz shah kotla stadium escalated to rs 144 crore from rs 24 crore.
the companies that were given contracts in that period had same directors and same addresses.
does not this indicate towards corruption?
how did this happen then?
who did it?
sisodia claimed that attempts were afoot to manufacture a clean image of arunjaitley even before the government constituted probe panel starts going through the large-scale irregularities.
the three-member probe committee report that bjp is brandishing now was made public on november 17 itself.
it essentially summarises the findings of sfio and the internal reports of ddca itself, the deputy chief minister said.
all those reports establish massive corruption in elections, stadium construction, proxy voting and points towards financial irregularities, sisodia alleged.
in making his point, sisodia also referred to suspended bjp mp kirti azad's press conference where the latter made a series of charges against the ddca authorities.
we just want arunjaitley to say whether or not he was the ddca president from 1999-2013?
if yes, why is he running away from probe?
sisodia asked.
jaitley had denied allegations levelled by the kejriwal government.
auditor should be conscious of the fact that he is reviewing a decision that has already been taken.
have the fair procedures been followed?
he doesn't have to sensationalise.
he said an auditor has to be an active auditor but activism and restraint are always the two sides of the same coin.
the cag reports on 2g telecom spectrum allocation and coal mine allotment which carried figures of notional losses to the tune of rs 1.
76 lakh crore and rs.1.
84 lakh crore respectively had caused tremendous discomfort for the upa government and the congress party that headed the coalition.
they had also come in handy for the opposition then.
he (auditor) has to scrutinise thoroughly the decision making process.
he has to necessarily eliminate the possibility of any form of nepotism.
.
.
on monday, parliament's public accounts committee chairman and senior congress leader k v thomas too had said in the conference that the auditor should restrict audits to financial impropriety and not come out with astronomical figures of notional losses.
jaitley also said that an auditor must be able to distinguish between a wrong decision and a corrupt one.
if he finds it (the decision) is a corrupt view, then the level of discretion he exercises in commenting has to be entirely different, he said.
the minister said that the auditor must take a more liberal approach when confronted with multiple views.
because let us also not forget when we live in a society, which by temperament, having learnt the hard way the last few years, have become an over suspicious society and therefore our job is not to convert the public opinion into a kind of a lynch mob.
to create rationality in the reviewing process we spare a decision which palpably looks arbitrary decision, a decision which is not fair, a decision which is not honest and we leave some element of benefit of doubt for a decision where two possible views are possible.
but we can always lay down the guidelines as far as the future is concerned, he said.
referring to 2g spectrum and coal block allocation, he said, the country has paid a very heavy price as contracts were cancelled and power sector is even suffering today.
both in the spectrum and coal case, we have learnt that natural resources and there allotment is not the prerogative of the state to choose methodology.
.
.
valueable resources cannot be allocated without value being realised, he said.
highlighting the importance of audit, he said it was essential for accountability and transparency.
it helps in good governance.
.
.
.
(if) uncomfortable questions at times were not asked, governance would tend to become despotic and therefore in any system of governance there has to be various laws of accountability and this is in itself an unquestionable proposition, he added.
press trust of india, new delhi, jun 2 2017, 13:44 istincome tax department today warned people against indulging in cash transaction of rs. 2 lakh or more saying that the receiver of the amount will have to cough up an equal amount as penalty.
it also advised people having knowledge of such dealings to tip-off the tax department by sending an email to 'blackmoneyinfo@incometax.gov.
in'.
the government has banned cash transactions of rs 2 lakh or more from april 1, 2017, through the finance act 2017.
the newly inserted section 269st in the income tax act bans such cash dealings on a single day, in respect of a single transaction or transactions relating to one event or occasion from an individual.
contravention of section 269st would entail levy of 100 per cent penalty on receiver of the amount, the tax department said in a public advertisement in leading dailies.
in the 2017-18 budget, finance minister arunjaitley had proposed to ban cash transaction of over rs 3 lakh.
this limit was lowered to rs 2 lakh as an amendment to the finance bill, which was passed by the lok sabha in march.
the restriction is not applicable to any receipt by government, banking company, post office savings bank or co-operative bank, the tax department said.
the move to ban cash transaction above a threshold was aimed at curbing black money by discouraging cash transaction and promoting digital economy.
the tax department had started the email address 'blackmoneyinfo@incometax.gov.
in' in december last year post the demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes.
it had then asked people having knowledge about conversion of black money into black/white to inform the government through this mail id.
post the demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes, people with unaccounted wealth had illegally converted their black money held in old notes to new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes.
the government had come out with a tax amnesty scheme pmgky (pradhan mantri garib kalyan yojana) under which people holding unaccounted cash could come clean by declaring their wealth and pay 50 per cent as tax and penalty.
also, a mandatory deposit of 25 per cent of the black money was to be made in a zero-interest bearing account for four years.
bjp leaders to meet president tomorrow for governor's removallast updated: 23 january, 2011new delhi, jan 23 (pti) 21:56 istbjp leaders will meet president pratibha patil tomorrow seeking the removal of karnataka governor h r bhardwaj even as a defiant chief minister b s yeddyurappa brought his battle to the capital today accusing him of trying to fulfil his individual political ambitions.
on a day's visit, yeddyurappa met senior leaders l k advani and arunjaitley to chalk out a strategy to deal with the political situation arising out of governor's sanction to prosecute him for his alleged involvement in land scams.
tomorrow at 11.
45, all our mps and rajya sabha members alongwith our all india leaders are going to meet rashtraptiji, he told reporters before flying back to bangalore in the night.
party sources said rajya sabha opposition leader arunjaitley will lead the delegation of mps to rashtrapati bhavan.
yeddyurappa's meeting with the top bjp leaders came a day after party chief nitin gadkari, who is currently visiting china, said that yeddyurappa's decision of denotifying land in favour of his son was immoral and not proper.
asked about his reaction to gadkari's remark,the chief minister said he would discuss the issue with gadkari and added, i don't want to comment on anything stated by our all india party president.
the strategy is to prolong the legal process against the chief minister to buy time while upping the ante against the governor seeking his recall, party sources said.
the chief minister said he would not file a case in high court questioning the governor's decision to give sanction for his prosecution.
.
i am not going to approach the high court, said yeddyurappa, who is learnt to have discussed the matter with legal luminaries in the national capital.
claiming that he has not done any mistake in the land allotment issue, yeddyurappa said the governor's decision to sanction prosecution was to fulfill his individual political ambitions.
yeddyurappa alleged that even after the governor's decision, the raj bhawan, when it was approached by his principal secretary to get a copy of the order, did not give it.
i sent my principal secretary to governor to get the order copy.
he told him openly, tell your chief minister that i am not going to give a copy, and let him collect the copy from the court, the chief minister said.
after the succesful bandh yesterday our 10 ministers went to raj bhawan and asked the governor why he is not giving the order copy.
they told the governor that they will sit there till he gives it.
after one hour, he sent the copy to the chief secretary, he said.
speaking to reporters on his arrival at delhi airport in the morning, the chief minister alleged that the governor was trying to throw bjp out of power and install a congress government in the state.
slamming bhardwaj, yeddyurappa said, this is not the first time he is doing something.
as soon as he took over as the governor.
.
.
he is (acting like) a congressman even today.
he wanted bjp to go and congress to come to rule.
that responsibility he might have taken, the chief minister said.
when it was pointed out that chidambaram had criticised bjp for its attack on the governor, he said, i have great respect for chidambaram.
he may not be aware of the facts.
i am trying to meet him and explain all these things.
yeddyurappa not to pick his successorlast updated: 30 july, 2011bangalore, july 30, (ians): 10:38 istthe bharatiya janata party (bjp) saturday ruled out allowing scam-hit karnataka chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa to pick his successor, even as it continued efforts to make him quit without conditions.
the new chief minister will be decided based on the opinion of all legislators, state home minister r. ashoka told reporters after a meeting of senior state party leaders.
to help elect a new leader of the legislature party, central observers rajnath singh and arunjaitley met yeddyurappa saturday morning, their second meeting in two days.
yeddyurappa reportedly told them he would resign sunday, but his supporters were against it.
legislators and ministers supporting yeddyurappa , however, appeared to change their tack saturday.
we are against yeddyurappa's resignation.
however, we will abide by his decision, excise minister m.p. renukacharya and assembly member belur gopalakrishna told reporters.
on friday, their assertion was no question of yeddyurappa resigning.
however, the supporters continued to demand that yeddyurappa be allowed to name his successor as well as new ministers and be made state party chief.
state unit chief k.s. eshwarappa was confident that all issues would be resolved by saturday evening and that yeddyurappa would resign.
yeddyurappa met our central leaders saturday morning.
he said he would resign on july 31.
he would do so, eshwarappa told reporters.
he also maintained that yeddyurappa had not placed any condition for resigning.
pm hard-sells welfare agenda to african paneldh news service, gandhinagar, may 24 2017, 0:36 istin a lighter vein: prime minister narendra modi shares a moment with african development bank president akinwumi adesina during the inauguration ceremony of the annual general meeting of the afdb bank in gandhinagar on tuesday.
reutersprime minister narendra modi on tuesday hard-sold his development agenda to the leaders of the african development bank (afdb) gathered at the mahatma mandir in gandhinagar for their 52nd annual meet.
by next year, every village in india will get electricity.
our clean ganga, renewable energy, digital india, smart cities, housing for all and skill india missions are preparing us for a cleaner, more prosperous, faster growing and new india, modi told the audience comprising delegates from 80 african countries.
listing the achievements of his government, the prime minister said while fiscal deficit, balance of payments deficit and inflation had come down, the gdp growth, forex reserves and public capital investment were on the rise.
bold reformsthe prime minister also credited his government for initiating bold reforms such as less-cash economy, mobile banking, plugging leaks in subsidy distribution through direct benefit transfer and jan dhan yojana for universal banking and aadhaar.
i have also launched an initiative to double farmers incomes by 2022, modi said.
referring to the age-old association between india and africa on the social, cultural and business fronts, the prime minister said that the two countries faced similar challenges of uplifting farmers, poverty, women empowerment, rural development and infrastructure.
over the decades, our ties have become stronger.
after assuming office in 2014, i have made africa a top priority for indias foreign and economic policy, the prime minister said giving statistics of visits by him, the president and the vice president to several african countries.
in the last three years, there has not been even one african nation that has not been visited by at least one of the indian ministers, he said.
pledges support to africahe promised indias continued support to africa in achieving key goals in the areas of agriculture, infrastructure, power and industry.
the prime minister said the training of solar mamas  residential training of african women to work on solar panels and circuits  had helped electrify their communities back home, as well as empower illiterate or semi-literate women by training them in basket- making, bee-keeping and gardening during their stay.
union minister for finance and corporate affairs arunjaitley said though the world economy had begun looking up after a prolonged recession, it was facing an increasing possibility of disruption.
citing mixed experience on his recent us visit, the finance minister said though the global economic growth was likely to improve to 3.
6  this year, up from 3.
5  last year, there was an increasing possibility of disruption in it owing to the inward-looking policies of some of the advanced economies.
india to join top global league with proposed black money lawnew delhi, mar 1, 2015, (pti) 16:34 istindia will join the league of countries like singapore, uk and the us with its proposed law to check black money, under which those hiding income and evading tax in relation to foreign assets can be slapped with a prison term of up to ten years.
in fact, the proposed imprisonment penalty, as also the monetary penalty, here could be higher than many other countries in most of the cases.
the new law would also provide for a penalty for such concealment of income and assets at the rate of 300 per cent of tax, while offenders will not be permitted to approach the settlement commission.
non-filing of return or filing with inadequate disclosure of foreign assets will itself be liable for prosecution with punishment of rigorous imprisonment up to seven years.
under the us laws, the federal penalties for each count of conviction of tax crimes include prison term of maximum one year and a fine of usd 100,000 for failure to file a tax return, false withholding exemptions, and delivering or disclosing false tax documents.
besides, the penalties include prison term of up to ten years and a fine of usd 100,000 for conspiracy to defraud with respect to false refund claims.
other penalties include a maximum of three years in prison and a fine of usd 250,000 for obstructing or impeding an investigation and filing or preparing a false tax return, and a maximum of five years in prison and a usd 250,000 fine for tax evasion, failure to pay taxes, conspiracy to commit a tax offense or conspiracy to defraud.
in the uk also, the 'top tax criminals' of the year 2012 -- a list of 32 individuals -- were given a total of over 150 years imprisonment.
the uk's tax authorities have recently put in place tougher penalties for those who hide assets and income abroad, by doubling the maximum penalty for offshore tax evasion to 200 per cent of the tax dues.
under the singapore's income tax act, any person convicted of intentionally evading tax or assisting any other person to evade tax may be penalized four times the amount of tax undercharged and may also be fined an amount not more than 50,000 singapore dollars or jailed for up to 5 years, or both.
besides, singapore's goods and services act provides that any person convicted of intentionally evading tax or assisting any other person to evade tax may be penalized three times the amount of tax undercharged and may also be fined an amount of 10,000 singapore dollars or jailed for up to 7 years, or both.
while the proposed law in india has been largely welcomed, industry body assocham today said the government should avoid over-kill and rush job in its efforts to check foreign assets' concealment.
leading business conglomerate itc's chairman y c deveshwar said that the strong measures to eliminate black money and to impose exemplary punishment is a bold step to curb the parallel economy and mainstream resources for productive growth.
in a statement, industry chamber assocham said, the issue should be approached in a scientific and logical way to ensure that the proposed legislation on concealment on foreign assets does not go in for the over-kill and the genuine business or individual transactions are not subjected to minute scrutiny of the tax inspectors.
by all means the government should make tough laws, but then to prevent the misuse of the same, the rules and the procedures should be very simple, easy to understand and be not at all left to the discretion of the assessing officers.
they should not be left to interpretation.
every minute detail should be written in the statute-otherwise, the amendments in fema may lead it back to the draconian days of fera, the chamber said.
assocham secretary general d s rawat said that finance minister arun jaitley's announcement that the government would bring in bills on foreign assets and benami transactions are welcome moves, but the proposed bills should be well debated in public domain and experts with knowledge of the national and international laws should be consulted.
it should not so happen that we go in over-kill and the new laws themselves become a main source of corruption.
.
.
that danger could be real, he added.
assocham further said that many indian professionals, students and corporate leaders travel all over the world and do business transactions or their professional pursuits and the new law should not make the tax compliance cumbersome.
the problem could be more for the professionals and small and medium enterprises who cannot afford expensive consultancy advice.
thus, while as a nation we stand committed to eradication of black money and corruption, we should not make business eco-system adversarial, rawat added.
sc dismisses kejriwal's plea against arunjaitley defamation casenew delhi, nov 22, 2016 (pti) 14:09 istthe supreme court today dismissed delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal's plea seeking stay on trial court proceedings in a criminal defamation case filed by finance minister arun jaitley.
a bench of justices p c ghose and u u lalit, while dismissing the plea, said that under the evidence act, a judgement given in a civil proceeding is not binding on the criminal case.
we have seen the judgements.
we can't interfere with the judgements of the delhi high court and the trial court.
the petition is dismissed, the bench said.
senior advocate ram jethmalani, appearing for kejriwal, said that if the high court pronounces judgement in the civil proceedings, then the subordinate court would have to follow the law in the case which is based on the same facts and circumstances.
he sought staying of the criminal defamation case filed by arunjaitley against kejriwal before the trial court and said that the civil proceedings before the high court shall be continued.
the delhi high court had on october 19 dismissed kejriwal's plea seeking stay of trial court proceedings in a criminal defamation case, saying, there was no illegality in continuing it simultaneously with a civil defamation suit in the high court.
the high court had said there was no prejudice on account of a pending civil suit and there was no double jeopardy and as such kejriwal's plea was devoid of merit.
it had said the criminal and civil defamation cases were different in nature.
besides a civil defamation suit in the high court, arunjaitley had also filed a criminal defamation complaint in a lower court alleging kejriwal and five aap leaders -- raghav chadha, kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh and deepak bajpai -- had defamed him in the delhi district cricket association (ddca) controversy.
on april 7, the trial court had granted bail to kejriwal and others in the case after they had appeared before it.
jaitley had on december 21, 2015 filed the criminal defamation case against the aap leaders and sought their prosecution for offences that entail a punishment of up to two years in jail.
jaitley, in his civil defamation suit in the high court, has sought rs 10 crore in damages from kejriwal and the five aap leaders for issuing allegedly false and defamatory statements against him and his family in connection with alleged irregularities in ddca when he was its president.
yeddyurappa plays hardball on rejoining bjpbangalore, july 11, 2013, dhns: 22:49 istformer chief minister sets preconditions for his homecomingefforts process to bring back former chief minister b s yeddyurappa to the bjp fold went a step ahead on thursday.
the state committee of the kjp is understood to have finalised certain conditions for the merger of the two parties.
at the same time, kjp said it was ready for an electoral alliance with the bjp for the lok sabha polls.
sources close to yeddyurappa said it was a matter of time before the merger happened, but the former chief minister did not want it to look like he was submitting himself meekly.
yeddyurappa also wanted to ensure that the bjp was not utilising him just to boost its prospects in the lok sabha polls and later sideline him.
at the day-long meeting presided over by yeddyurappa, it was reportedly deliberated that the kjp should not succumb to pressure from the bjp, but bargain hard to ensure that a prime position was given to the former chief minister and also his supporters were adequately accommodated.
the meeting was convened as an opinion gathering exercise following efforts by a section of bjp leaders to create a platform to bring back yeddyurappa to the bjp fold and at subsequent merger of the two parties.
several kjp leaders, including former minister m p renukacharya and former mla b p harish, are apprehensive that they will be sidelined in the bjp if the merger takes place and are reportedly opposing the merger.
speaking to reporters, yeddyurappa said bjp national president rajnath singh and arunjaitley had informally spoken to him.
i have not decided anything.
we will take a decision at an appropriate time, yeddyurappa said.
open to alliancehe said kjp would retain its identity and there was no question of a merger with any party.
we are open for electoral alliance for the lok sabha polls, except with the congress, he said.
to a query on whether he was agreeable for alliance with the bjp, he replied in the positive, but said it would depend on circumstances.
on gujarat chief minister narendra modis elevation as bjp campaign committee chairman, yeddyurappa said modi was the tallest leader.
not only me, people across the country want to see modi as the prime minister, he said.
earlier, speaking at the inauguration of the state committee meeting, yeddyurappa launched a no-holds-barred attack on the congress-led upa government at the centre and the congress government in the state for failing to meet the aspirations of the people.
he said there were enough indications that the lok sabha polls would be held by the end of the year, along with assembly elections in five states.
modi keeping silent just to win bihar elections: shourienew delhi, nov 2, 2015, pti: 21:43 istformer union minister arun shourie today accused prime minister narendra modi of deliberately maintaining silence on incidents like dadri lynching while his ministerial and party colleagues kept the issue alive merely to win bihar elections.
he also agreed with the suggestion that modi and bjp chief amit shah were pitting one community against another in bihar and cited a pakistani analyst to say that while the neighbouring country was trying to get out of the pit, india was slowly going down its way.
the former bjp insider attacked finance minister arun jaitley's defence of modi that he was the worst victim of intolerance since 2002, saying this was the worst defence he had heard and modi in his mind will get the fullest justification for being vengeful.
coming out in support of writers, authors and artistes returning their awards against the climate of intolerance, he told karan thapar on india today channel that they are conscience-keepers of the country and their motives cannot be questioned.
praising scientists like p m bhargava and infosys founder n r narayana murthy, who have expressed concern over these incidents, shourie questioned how these people can be called rabid, a term used by jaitley.
these people have contributed immensely to the country and those who attacked them have not read a book in the last 20 years.
those who cannot write two paragraphs are sitting in judgement over writers.
rejecting bjp leaders' oft-repeated statements that the prime minister cannot be expected to speak on any and every issue, shourie said he was exactly doing that and not speaking on issues he should.
prime minister is not a section officer of the homoeopathy department.
he is not head of a department.
he is the prime minister.
he has to show the country the moral path.
he has to set moral standards, he said.
shourie referred to modi's tweets on issues like union minister mahesh sharma's birthday soon after dadri lynching james cameron's birthday, the stampede in mecca and the blast in ankara.
but he kept silent on the dadri incident and incidents like killing of two dalit children (in haryana) while his men.
he is keeping silent while his party colleagues and ministers are keeping the issue alive, he said, asserting that modi's silence was more deliberate than ignoring them.
asked if modi's silence was political, he said i think so.
you can't have it both ways.
you are a very strong leader but cannot control your members.
referring to sharma's controversial comments on former president abdul kalam being a nationalist despite being a muslim, he said allotting him the house in which kalam lived was like spitting in the face of people.
this is really symbolic.
to a question, he said it was all intended to win bihar elections at any cost.
modi does not realise the consequences of his silence and this fire will not only burn him but the whole country, he said, adding these issues will strain the social fabric of the country.
with his speeches in bihar in which he accused grand alliance leaders of plotting to steal the quota for obcs, scs and sts and hand it over to muslims, modi had lowered himself to the level of lalu prasad while nitish kumar looked like a statesman, shourie said.
he also rejected shah's statement that crackers will be burst in pakistan if bjp loses in bihar and said in fact things were different now.
in this context he quoted a pakistani analyst to say crackers were already being burst there as modi was the best thing to have happened to it.
referring to the killing of a kashmiri truck driver in the jammu region on suspicion of cow smuggling, shourie said unnecessarily such incidents gave a handle to secessionists.
jethmalani slams jaitley's move on black moneynew delhi:oct 24, 2014, dhns: 2:26 istprominent lawyer ram jethmalani, an expelled bjp mp, has shot off an angry letter to finance minister arunjaitley saying that he should not take any steps to investigate black money account holders without providing information to the supreme court-appointed special investigation team (sit).
in a three-page letter sent on thursday, jethmalani said the governments action in approaching the supreme court with the kind of petition that you have filed is one of the most ill-advised steps taken.
jethmalani's petition had led to the supreme court direction in 2011 for the disclosure of the names of black money account holders.
referring to the nda government's stand in the court last week that it cannot make public the names of black money account holders in foreign banks due to the confidentiality clause under the double taxation avoidance treaty (dtat) with some countries, he said the dtat or any equivalent document is not to be used and cannot be used.
the letter, signed by jethmalani as an expelled member of bjp, alleged that arunjaitley was exposing prime minister narendra modi to the charge of having misguided the nation.
the congress had described the governments stand as sheer hypocrisy as the bjp had made bringing back black money and disclosing names of such account holders as its main poll plank.
jethmalani said arunjaitley was opposition leader in the rajya sabha when germany had announced that it was willing to share the names of black money account holders with any friendly country.
no one from the government moved for the obvious reason that in all likelihood, according to me, bigwigs in the ruling party were involved, he claimed.
the germans never spoke of dtat.
our people deliberately brought it in as a certain method of rendering the entire investigation futile and making our corrupt rulers escape arrest and prosecution, he said.
davos, jan 21, 2015, (pti) 11:24 istindia today said it has independent evidence of indians having black money in swiss accounts and switzerland has promised expeditious sharing of information in this regard.
switzerland has promised it will take expeditious action on the cases.
jaitley said switzerland has agreed to share information expeditiously on black money cases where independent evidence is furnished and said that automatic exchange of details would help in curbing the menace of illicit funds.
he said both of them discussed about the parameters based on which switzerland can provide details on unaccounted money parked in swiss bank accounts once independent evidence is furnished.
in october last year, both countries had inked a joint statement of understanding with regard to cooperation on tax matters.
however, switzerland has a clear position that information based on stolen data would not be shared with another country but such requests would be looked into in case of independent evidence on the same being made available.
of course, our tax officials are working round the clock.
they are trying to finish all the assessments and they are trying to collect evidence.
several people in that list have already admitted to the fact that they had accounts.
now we do have independent evidence and material available.
so, now we have to come back to switzerland with that material on the basis of which we can get (the information), the finance minister said.
according to arunjaitley , switzerland has assured that on the basis of such independent information they will cooperate.
switzerland has decided to become an early bird to join that grouping.
there were some issues related to india due to the supreme court.
now i think that has been resolved and we are also moving in the direction of joining that group.
once both of us join that group, then we are supposed to join in a bilateral agreement with regard to automatic exchange of tax information.
once we do such bilaterals with various countries, i think that would be the long term solution to check this menace, the minister said.
switzerland has been evolving its position all these years and therefore they have started cooperating with various states, he added.
in october last year, revenue secretary shaktikanta das had led a team to switzerland and both sides signed a joint statement of understanding.
the swiss have a clear position that we will not give you any information on the basis of stolen data.
.
.
if you come with stolen data, we will not cooperate.
we are eager to give you independent evidence, independent of the fact that names of these people figure in a stolen list.
now on the basis of this independent evidence will you give us information that is what we asked switzerland, he said.
these were the subjects that i discussed with them (swiss delegation).
the swiss minister also discussed the issue of economic cooperation, he said.
centre, oppn slug it outlast updated: 09 september, 2011new delhi, sep 9, dhns: 1:03 istmore emails claim onus, warn of attackthe terrorrist-engineered blast in delhi sparked off a war of words on friday between home minister p chidambaram and his bjp bete noire arunjaitley over security issues, even as investigators found no effective leads to arrest the guilty.
while a breakthrough eluded the investigators two days after the blast that took 13 lives, two more emails received by the media claimed responsibility for the terror attack at the delhi high court on wednesday and warning of another cruel attack.
with security at courts coming into focus, prime minister manmohan singh asked chidambaram and law minister salman khursheed to take steps to provide security to the supreme court while the home ministry asked state governments to enhance security to high courts.
launching a tirade against upa government, opposition leader in rajya sabha arunjaitley said that just before the monsoon session of parliament there were serial blasts in mumbai and towards the end of the session there was a blast in delhi.
saying we have zero tolerance for terrorism is not enough.
bringing it to zero level is important, he said.
after the 26/11 mumbai terror attack, the government announced that new systems were being put in place, but such steps had failed to prevent big terror attacks, and referred to relatives of victims booing chidambaram and rahul gandhi at the hospital.
chidambaram hit back saying he was not heckled.
i was at the hospital and i was not heckled.
people and relatives of injured were asking for information on various things.
jaitley has been out of office for a long time.
he also called the bjp immature for blaming the government for failing to prevent terror attacks.
there are promising leads but i cannot call them conclusive leads.
they are being pursued round the clock, chidambaram told reporters about the progress of the probe into the blast.
informed sources said the third email was sent to delhi polices official email id on thursday night.
the sender of the third mail identified himself as ali saed el-hoorie.
the mail was sent from the id kill.
india@yahoo.com.
this is to inform you that the india mujahideen claims the terror attack on delhi high court.
i just want you to pass a message to the indian government that next blast will be so cruel that you people wont be able to forget it for decay (sic), the e-mail read, according to the sources.
.
.
.
and if you are willing to know the next attack, it is 1,8,5,13,4,1,2,1,4 till you come to know what it stands for the next blast will be done.
if you have any questions because we dont have time for anything, the e-mail was understood to have said.
chidambaram described the email as amateurish in nature.
the fourth mail said the third mail was sent by im.
earlier, emails claiming responsibility for the blast were attributed to the pakistan-based harkat-ul-jehadi islami (huji) and the home grown terror group indian mujahideen.
interestingly, the huji email tracked to an internet cafe in kishtwar district of jammu and kashmirs threatened to carry out similar attacks if the death penalty to afzal guru, convicted in 2001 parliament attack was not immediately repealed.
the investigators have arrested a man from kishtwar town of jammu and kashmir for allegedly sending the email claiming that september seven blast was carried out by the huji.
the man, identified as mohammad sayeed, was arrested from kishtwar, about 230 km from jammu by state police on friday afternoon.
he is being questioned.
prime minister narendra modi has spoken repeatedly on the subject, said the bjp leader while participating in a discussion in the rajya sabha on the motion of thanks to president pranab mukherjee's address to a joint session of both houses of parliament.
the prime minister spoke in this house in the last session.
.
.
he has spoken outside also.
there will be no compromise on that, he said.
the minister's comment came a day after leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad slammed the government for not mentioning minorities and issues related to communalism in the president's speech.
judicial activism, a dangerous trendmay 21, 2016, dhns 0:00 istunion finance minister arunjaitley is not the first politician to raise the issue of judicial overreach which is upsetting the constitutional balance among the three organs of state  the legislature, the executive and the judiciary.
nor are politicians the only sections of people who are concerned with the increasing trend of the judiciary encroaching into areas where it has no mandate to enter and taking decisions and issuing orders which are for others to take.
the idea of judicial activism, when it emerged in the public realm some decades ago, gained currency and some acceptance because it was considered necessary to correct the failings of the legislature and the misdeeds of the executive.
but it has now grown into a situation where the idea of separation of powers, which should be considered a feature of the basic structure of the constitution, is challenged.
it is not good for the smooth functioning of parliamentary democracy.
the immediate issue which raised arunjaitley hackles was the supreme courts directive to the government to create one more national fund to deal with the drought situation in the country.
this amounts to taking over the budget-making powers of parliament.
there have been too many such orders in the recent past.
courts ordered the shifting of ipl matches out of maharashtra and an increase in the environmental tax in delhi and told air india to consider resumption of flights between delhi and shimla.
even a positive view of judicial activism cannot justify such orders.
activism can deteriorate into overreach if the judiciary considers itself the sole custodian of public interest, interprets public interest in its own fashion and seeks to force the legislature and the executive to implement its version of it.
strictly, it is not its remit to define public interest.
it has only got to interpret the laws and decide whether they conform to the constitution.
it is the judiciarys erroneous view that it is an autonomous system that made the supreme court invent the collegium mechanism for appointment and transfer of judges.
it may be noted that judicial overreach gained more momentum and strength since the creation of the collegium mechanism.
parliaments move to restore the legitimate role of the executive in judicial appointments and transfers was wrongly thwarted by the supreme court, and this was in defence of the newly acquired powers which were not always well used.
judiciary, like all institutions in a democracy, should be accountable and know its own limits.
it should not become a super parliament that frames laws and a super executive that seeks to implement them.
he said the government aimed at encouraging taxpayers to fill their pockets with money as it might lead to spending.
it would also help the government collect more indirect taxes.
the government, faced with the daunting task of bringing back black money stashed away abroad,  is having a re-look at some of the bilateral tax treaties signed with foreign countries .
our volume of consumption may be different.
so everybody is paying indirect taxes.
and literally almost half your taxes are indirect taxes today.
now, as far as income tax is concerned, to bring those who evade tax is widening the tax net, i am all for it.
jaitley, who will present his first full-fledged budget in february, said in his last budget he had increased the tax exemption limit from rs 2 lakh to rs 2.
5 lakh.
he would raise it further if he had more money.
after all, we are talking about what rs 2.
5 lakh means today, taking all the deductions which we have given, somebody up to rs 4 lakh does not have to pay tax.
if someone earning rs 35,000-40,000 per month puts some money away for savings, (he) wont have to pay tax.
but people falling in this bracket say they dont save anything with the present cost of living, he said.
therefore, he is against reducing the exemptions to widen the tax net.
but its all right to bring those who evade tax under the net.
and they (team members) had come back with some positive movement.
we have to furnish evidence independent of the hsbc list.
i cant go to them (the foreign countries) and they say the hsbc list is stolen, i wont cooperate.
but if i present to you some independent evidence about names which happen to come on the stolen list, will you provide me the evidence, he said when asked about discussions with the swiss government.
the cooperation is increasing.
now, if you see the us laws, they want more and more countries to accept the law that provides for automatic exchange of information, he said:to a question whether india would sign such a treaty, he said: our application is precisely that.
the supreme court's earlier judgment needs clarification.
so, the special investigation team (sit) is looking into it.
new delhi: dec 22, 2015, dhns 1:55 istthe controversy over alleged financial bungling in ddca resonated in parliament on monday with bjp member kirti azad embarrassing the ruling side by demanding a time-bound sit probe and congress pressing for resignation of finance minister arun jaitley.
congress, led by party president sonia gandhi, staged a walkout in lok sabha while the rajya sabha witnessed repeated adjournment over the issue.
kirti azad, a known arunjaitley detractor, in lok sabha egged on the congress to seek a time-bound sit probe.
congress members were already shouting slogans in the well of the house, demanding resignation of arunjaitley , who formerly headed the ddca.
jaitley, on his part, said, the charges (against me) are baseless and wrong.
this is all i have to say.
govt to bring 11 official amendments in land acquisition billnew delhi, mar 10, 2015, (pti) 18:53 istfacing flak for amending upa's land acquisition law, government today reached out to allies and opposition promising to bring 11 official amendments in the bill introduced in lok sabha to take concerns on board.
government has decided to bring 11 official amendments such as limiting the industrial corridor to one kilometre on both the sides of the highways and railway lines, compulsory employment to one member of the affected family of farm labourers, hearing and redressal of grievances at the district level, acquisition of bare minimum of land, a source in the government said.
earlier in the day, finance minister arunjaitley , parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu and rural development minister chaudhary birender singh briefed leaders of the nda allies on the land bill and the amendments moved by the government to address their concerns.
indicating the government's willingness to incorporate more changes into the land bill in order to address the concerns raised by opposition parties, the rural development minister told pti, after consultations with the cross section of society, including political parties, farmer organisations and various other agriculture-related organisations, we have brought these amendments.
still, we are open to more suggestions -- suggestions which are in the interest of the farmers and agriculture.
but this should also be seen that development continues.
the government has already circulated a list of nine amendments it plans to bring in the bill proposal, including putting in place a hassle-free mechanism for grievance redressal and removing the exemption to social infrastructure projects in public-private partnership (ppp) mode.
the original act required the consent of at least 70 per cent of land owners in the area where land is to be acquired for such projects.
asked whether the government was ready to make further changes in the bill, the minister said that a number of opposition parties have already moved amendments.
yes.
.
.
some of the amendments have already been move by the opposition.
if something comes out, we have to see that.
but the legislation should be passed, he said, expressing confidence that the bill would clear lok sabha.
the bill, which was debated in lok sabha yesterday, is being taken up for voting today.
government has proposed substantial changes to the controversial land acquisition bill to seek wider support from an agitated opposition which has slammed the amendments to the 2013 act, calling it anti-farmer.
meanwhile, government sources said that all eight allies of nda have expressed solidarity with the government on land issues.
n. srinivasan wants to return as bcci presidentfeb 5, 2015, agencies: 8:10 istformer bcci president n. srinivasan, who is caught amidst ipl betting and spot fixing controversies, wants to return as bcci president, according to ndtv.
srinivasan wants to contest the bcci elections to get his chair back.
he will be holding a meeting with his loyalists on saturday.
the former bcci president met finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday.
jaitley made it clear to srinivasan that he cannot go against the orders of the supreme court.
thus, srini can contest the bcci elections only if he sells out his ipl team chennai super kings (csk).
the csk owner is quite hopeful of getting support from bjp.
if things doesn't work in his favour, then srini may propose the name of one of his loyalists for the post of bcci president.
the election is scheduled for feb 12.
the supreme court of india asked n. srinivasan to step down as bcci president on march 25, last year, after his son-in-law and csk team principal gurunath meiyappan was implicated in the 2013 ipl betting and spot fixing case.
new delhi: jan 31, 2016, dhns 2:12 isturges cong to see rationale behind uniform tax lawbarely a month ahead of the budget session of parliament, finance minister arunjaitley on saturday again pushed for the passage of goods and services tax (gst) bill, pending since 2007.
the government and the opposition congress are on virtual war of words on the gst with congress blaming the government for not being serious about its passage and the government saying the author of gst is turning against its own script.
i have reached out to them (congress), i have spoken to them.
i have explained to them and i hope they will see reason.
.
.
gst is the important reform of the upa.
if i have to credit the authorship of it, i have to give credit to them.
now, if the author turns against his own script, what do i make?
the minister added.
indirect taxesthe gst bill, indias biggest revenue shake-up since independence, seeks to bring a number of indirect taxes into one fold, giving a 2 per cent boost to indias $2.
06 trillion economy.
the congress, the original author of the bill, has opposed it on the ground that the latest version of the bill, now before parliament, is flawed.
the congress, due to its numbers in the rajya sabha, has been able to block the bill in the upper house.
the bjp, too, has been trading similar charges and calling congress version of the bill a flawed one.
the government is using optics of meetings and is not serious about gst, senior congress leader kapil sibal recently said on behalf of the party.
the congress has been demanding three amendments: cap on gst at less than 20 per cent, scrapping of proposed state levy and creating an independent mechanism to resolve disputes on revenue sharing between states.
i dont see a reason why they (congress) should have a rethink on the bill.
if there is a discussion on a particular idea in the bill, i am willing to discuss with them.
.
.
certainly, we cant bound future generations to a flawed legislation, said jaitley.
the minister also claimed support of all upa allies like the rashtriya janata dal, nationalist congress party and the janata dal(united).
jaitley said even the congress-ruled states were in favour of the uniform tax regime.
former players welcome bcci's decision on ipl fixing scandalnew delhi, june 30, 2012 (pti) 18:07 istformer cricketers today welcomed the bcci's decision to slap life ban on t p sudhindra and varying degrees of sanctions to four other players caught in the ipl spot-fixing scandal, saying that anybody found guilty of corruption should be handed deterrent punishment.
former opener arun lal said that no sympathy should be shown to these players who were found guilty of indulging in shadowy deals in the indian premier league and other matches.
no sympathy should be shown to these players.
those engaging in such corrupt practices should be handed exemplary punishment, he said.
sudhindra received life ban as he was actually involved and it's the right decision by the bcci.
but some are having just the intent and not actually doing and so they got lesser punishment.
we cannot let anybody unpunished for damaging the image of the game which has survived for so long.
i am happy with the decision of the bcci, he added.
the bcci's disciplinary committee, headed by president n srinivasan, today handed the punishments on the five players after a meeting in mumbai.
apart from the sanction on sudhindra, bcci slapped a five-year ban on shalabh srivastava while mohnish mishra, amit yadav and abhinav bali were banned for a year each.
former wicket-keeper batsman syed kirmani agreed that exemplary punishment should be given to cricketers found guilty of corrupt practices but felt that all those involved in the scandal should have been handed life bans.
anybody found guilty of such corrupt practices should be handed exemplary punishment so that other cricketers deter from doing these acts.
but the punishments should have been same whether the offence was grave or lighter, kirmani said.
it should have been life bans for all of them whether one did the actual thing or others were having just the intent.
it should not have been life ban for one and other lighter punishments for others, added kirmani.
meanwhile, bali, who was present to express his view before the disciplinary committee, said that he would accept the decision and would not make a legal challenge.
i have been held guilty of only loose talks on tv.
i will not go for any legal action, he said.
the five uncapped players were allegedly caught indulging in corrupt practices, including spot-fixing, by a tv channel which conducted a sting operation during this year's ipl.
bcci had then asked its anti-corruption unit chief ravi sawani to conduct a probe into the matter and he submitted his report to srinivasan a few weeks back.
the bcci disciplinary committee, whose other members are vice-presidents arunjaitley and niranjan shah, perused the report and took the decision today.
no sena minister before trust vote: fadnavismumbai, nov 5, 2014, pti: 18:59 istshiv sena representatives will not be inducted into maharashtra's bjp-led government before it wins the trust vote, chief minister devedndra fadnavis said today, in comments that have not gone down well with sena and highlighted continued differences between the two parties over power-sharing.
pehle vishwas phir vistar (first the trust vote and then expansion, fadnavis told reporters when asked if shiv sena ministers would be inducted before his government seeks a trust vote in the assembly on november 12.
fadnavis said talks about sena's participation in the government were on at an appropriate level and the announcement regarding it will be made in delhi.
party sources said union ministers arunjaitley and dharmendra pradhan were holding discussions with sena interlocutors.
fadnavis' statement has peeved sena with a party mp saying bjp was not interested in getting it on board with respect and that shiv sena would sit in the opposition if no respectable solution to end the uncertainty over its participation in the government was found by saturday.
after hearing fadnavis, the feeling amongst us has only got stronger that they (bjp) are not really interested in getting us on board with respect.
he being the cm can say what he wants to.
but if they do not come up with a respectable solution by saturday, we would have to sit in the opposition, he told pti, requesting anonymity.
he, however, said the final call will be taken by sena chief uddhav thackeray.
uddhav has, meanwhile, called a meeting of newly-elected sena legislators and other leaders on sunday to nominate the leader of the 63-member shiv sena legislature party.
the new mlas have authorised uddhav to nominate their leader.
uddhavji will chair the meeting at 4 pm on sunday where he will nominate the new leader of the legislature party in the assembly, a confidante of the sena chief told pti.
he added that the outcome of discussions with bjp by saturday will decide if sena's group leader will hold a 'key position' in devendra fadnavis government or be the leader of opposition in the state assembly.
let us see if we can get to a conclusion by saturday.
that will decide what post will our group leader occupy, he said.
the final decision, he said, will rest with the sena president.
with 63 mlas, shiv sena is the second largest party in the 288-member assembly after bjp's 121.
one of the major sticking points in sena joining fadnavis government has been its demand for the post of deputy chief minister.
the party also wants some important portfolios for its ministers.
several key porfolios like home, finance, revenue and urban development have already been allocated to the existing members of fadnavis ministry.
sources in bjp said the party wanted shiv sena to back its government unconditionally during the trust vote before discussing portfolios.
the 41-member ncp has already declared outside support to bjp government and said it will abstain during the confidence vote if sena were to sit in opposition, paving the way for a facile victory for the new dispensation in the floor test in which independents and mlas of smaller parties are likely to back it.
though uddhav's presence at the swearing-in of fadnavis government on october 31 had revived hopes of coming together of the estranged hindutva co-travellers, there has been hardly any forward movement toward reunion ever since.
mallya arrest: centre, opposition claim creditnew delhi, dh news service, apr 18 2017, 22:42 istlaw minister ravishankar prasad said india had put up a strong case against mallya.
the modi government on tuesday projected liquor baron vijay mallya's arrest in london on india's request for extradition as a major boost to its fight against corruption.
mallya's arrest is also expected to take some sheen off the opposition attack on prime minister narendra modi of being pro-corporate by waiving off rs 1.
14 lakh crore loans taken from public sector banks.
it (mallya's arrest) is a big success of the indian government and the finance ministry, minister of state in the prime minister's office (pmo) jitendra singh told reporters here.
bjp spokesman g v l narasimha rao said the mallya's arrest was a demonstration of the prime minister's committement to bring the corrupt to book.
law minister ravishankar prasad said india had put up a strong case against mallya.
modi, during his talks with his british counterpart theresa may in november last year, had flagged the issue of mallya's extradition.
finance minister arunjaitley followed it up during this discussions with british leaders during a recent visit to london.
the congress accused the modi government of hood-winking the country over mallya's arrest.
it claimed that mallya's arrest was a result of the relentless campaign carried out by rahul gandhi against modi's pro-corporate policies.
will it take another dozen years, 15 years, 30 years or our entire lifetime before mallya is brought back and rs 9,091 crore of people's money is recovered, randeep surjewala, in-charge of the aicc communication department said pointing out that mallya was released on bail within hours of his arrest.
we will consider it as a success only when all the money (mallya owes to banks) is recovered, mallikarjun kharge, leader of the congress in the lok sabha said.
surjewala demanded that the government spell out a timeline for the recovery of rs 9091 crore that mallya owed to banks in india.
he noted that arrest was the first of nine steps of extradition with three possible appeals.
when will we have his custody?
why did the bjp government not move for mallya's deportation instead of extradition?
deportation would have led to immediate custody to india, surjewala said.
the congress sought answer from the bjp over its support to mallya in getting elected as rajya sabha mp from karnataka in june 2010.
liquor baron mallya, who is facing legal proceedings for alleged loan defaults by his group, left the country on march 2, even as banks have approached the courts to seek orders restraining him from going abroad.
opposition leaders have raised questions about how he was allowed to leave the country despite a 'lookout' notice by cbi.
let the bankers take all steps to recover their money.
if somebody is responsible of inaction.
.
.
he was responding to a query with regard to the congress vice-president rahul gandhi's charges that the government took no action to stop mallya from moving out of the country.
jaitley said, there is a legal process to stop somebody (from going abroad).
either your passport is impounded or there is an order of a court.
otherwise, nobody can stop you.
banks went to court for seeking an order.
in this anticipation, he (mallya) left earlier.
he further said: it would have been better had banks started the process earlier.
rahulji must remember that there is a difference between mallya going abroad and (ottavio) quattrocchi going abroad.
i want to explain him that when switzerland official informed that quattrocchi is one of the beneficiaries of bofors deal, at that time cbi investigation team head k madhavan had written a letter for impounding his passport.
but nobody stopped him.
that was a criminal case, the finance minister said.
he said total dues in mallya cases including interest amount to rs 9,091.
40 crore as on november 30, 2015.
the loans to companies promoted by mallya were sanctioned in 2004 to 2007 and those turned into bad loans in 2009.
the npas were restructured in 2010.
jaitley said, there has to be a process.
there is a law called the passport act under which an appropriate order has to be passed by the passport authority.
on cancelling of mallya's rajya sabha membership, he said, there is a process under the constitution for cancelling the membership of the rajya sabha.
it cannot be done through a press conference.
the 5.
7  growth in gdp during the april-june quarter is the lowest in the last three years and is cause for concern over the prospects of the economy  which has been on a steady decline over the past five quarters.
the 5.
7  growth is quite a fall from the 7.
9  recorded in the same quarter in the previous fiscal.
that drop of over 2  means a loss of rs 3 lakh crore to the economy, which could have a crippling impact on investment and jobs.
a breakdown of the data is even more disconcerting.
most sectors with a high employment quotient have been badly hit.
manufacturing, which was expected to get a boost from the make in india programme, barely rose by 1.
2 .
in fact, private sector manufacturing actually decelerated by 0.
9 .
although hopes were pinned high on agriculture, thanks to a good monsoon, it, too, was a letdown with a 2.
3  growth, against 2.
5  in the year-ago period.
last years demonetisation exercise and the uncertainties associated with the transition to the gst system from july 1 have done much to dampen economic activity.
the actual slowdown may have started in 2016 and demonetisation may have accentuated it.
private investment has been low in the last few quarters as the corporate debt burden remains high.
there were problems with capacity utilisation.
banks, under the stressofnon-performing assets, continue to be wary of extending credit to the industry, although the interest rate regime itself is not unfavourable.
floods and drought in some parts of the country may have had an impact.
farm incomes and revenues were stressed.
there was lower demand in the economy and external demand was weak.
some states resorted to fiscal tightening, which added to the problem, although some others went to the other extreme, with measures like farm loan waivers whose consequences will be felt in the coming quarters.
finance minister arunjaitley and others in the government have finally conceded the slowdown, although they still wont accept the part that demonetisation has played in it.
the economic survey had earlier noted that deflationary pressures are present in the economy and the annual growth target is likely to be missed.
the consumer sentiment is still weak.
a likely good harvest augurs well but that may not be enough.
the data showed that the services sector had reasonably good growth but the performance may not be sustained.
jaitley has said that there is a need to take more policy measures to boost growth and investment.
reviving demand and investment is key to improving growth, and the government may have to increase its capital expenditure.
over all, there is much to be done to reverse the economic slide.
new delhi: march 6, 2016, dhns: 0:48 istprime minister narendra modi is understood to have asked finance minister arunjaitley to conduct a detailed examination of the amendments proposed in the budget under which employees provident fund (epf) withdrawal will be taxed.
modis directive to arunjaitley comes after an uproar over the proposed 60  tax on epf withdrawal, sources said.
opposition leaders, including rahul gandhi and sitaram yechury, and nda allies have spoken out against it while nearly a lakh of people signed an online petition rejecting the move altogether.
even rss-affiliated bharatiya mazdoor sangh openly criticised it.
besides, with the election dates announced for five states, the bjp has also conveyed to arunjaitley that it did not want the issue to come in the way of the party's campaign efforts.
consequently, arunjaitley is likely to announce a deferment  if not an immediate rollback  of the proposal in parliament next week when he moves two appropriation bills relating to demands for grants on account (general) for 2016-17 and supplementary demands for grants (general) for 2015-16.
jaitley had in his budget proposed taxing 60  of withdrawals from epf on contributions to be made after april 1, unless the sum is reinvested in a pension product such as an annuity.
if the government decides to tax only the interest on the withdrawal, it would need to issue a clarification of intent in parliament but a rollback may need an amendment which may be moved when the budget is taken up for passage in the lok sabha.
initially, the finance ministry officials had indicated that the government will notify categories of employees who will be excluded from the tax proposal.
the excluded employees would primarily be the ones drawing statutory wages of up to rs 15,000 per month.
it was also stated that the government may propose to tax only the returns on withdrawal.
two days ago, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das had stated that the epf has been exempt at all three stages  contribution, interest and withdrawal  and was originally meant for employees whose salaries are rs 15,000 or below per month.
but over the years, the benefit has also been utilised by people who are in much higher income brackets.
new delhi, jun 26, 2016 (pti) 20:22 isthitting back at prime minister narendra modi over his remarks on emergency, congress today alleged that there is an undeclared emergency in the country under his rule.
party spokesperson tom vadakkan also attacked the centre over its role in arunachal pradesh and uttarakhand saying these were examples of subjugation of democracy.
we have this discussion initiated by the current government today on emergency.
let me at the outset say that this country is going through an undeclared emergency.
this is an undeclared emergency.
i am also reminding you when advani ji had talked about the proviso of emergency that exists, he was clearly hinting at the fact that this dispensation is capable of declaring emergency, vadakkan said.
he was referring to bjp veteran l k advani's remarks made a year ago that forces that can crush democracy are stronger now and emergency was possible.
alleging that an unwritten, undeclared emergency was prevailing, the congress spokesperson said that there is disrespect for constitution, subjugation of democracy by bringing down elected governments, right of dissent being taken away under the current regime.
vadakkan said that subjugation of democracy can be highlighted by examining what happened in congress-ruled states of arunchal pradesh and uttarkhand.
we have a government led by an autocratic prime minister.
the ministers are in suspended animation.
the foreign minister of this country has no role, the finance minister is called a waiter by the unofficial spokesperson of the bjp.
can you call him his master's voice.
may be he is the unofficial spokesperson of the pm indeed, vadakkan said referring to recent spat between finance minister arunjaitley and bjp mp subramanian swamy.
vadakkan also targeted the government over issues like the suicide of dalit scholar rohith vemula in hyderabad university, jnu row, controversy in iit chennai over ambedkar periyar study circle and ftii agitation, saying these are examples of undeclared emergency.
recalling the black night of emergency imposed on this day 39 years back, modi today asserted that democracy is the country's strength and said this commitment needs to be taken further.
jaitley also took swipes at congress and blamed it for delaying economic reforms by two decades, transforming india into a 'dynastic democracy' and bringing in corruption.
the minister targeted his guns on the congress in his facebook post - 'constitutional dictatorship imposed by mrs indira gandhi forty-one years ago'.
pm launches stand up india to promote financial inclusionnoida, apr 5, 2016 (pti) 21:07 istgiving a push to government's financial inclusion programme, prime minister narendra modi today launched the stand-up india scheme under which 1.
25 lakh bank branches will provide loans up to rs 1 crore to sc/st and women entrepreneurs.
at a function, which was organised to mark birth anniversary of dalit leader and former deputy prime minister babu jagjivan ram, modi flagged off 5,100 e-rickshaws.
explaining the contours of stand-up india programme, modi said this will help in creating 2.
5 lakh entrepreneurs throughout the country as every bank branch will be required to provide two such loans ranging from rs 10 lakh to rs 1 crore without collateral for setting up a new enterprise.
stressing that it is not possible for the government to provide jobs to everyone, the prime minister said the scheme will convert job-seekers into job-creators.
.
.
this scheme is going to transform the lives of people from dalit and tribal communities.
stand up india, he said, aims to empower every indian and enable them to stand on their own feet.
the scheme was announced by modi in his independence day address.
modi also took a dig at the congress by pointing out that no previous government had organised any function on the birth anniversary of jagjivan ram, who as agriculture minister did a lot to usher the green revolution and was defence minister at the time of 1971 war.
it is unfortunate that contribution of such people is being ignored, he said.
he recalled various schemes of the government like jan dhan yojana, insurance and pension and mudra yojana to promote financial inclusion with the view to empower the poor.
jaitley further said that banks have given loans to 3.
26 crore beneficiaries totalling rs 1.
35 lakh crore under prime minister mudra yojana in 2015-16, which is more than the target of rs 1.
22 lakh crore fixed by the prime minister.
modi, who entered the launch venue on a decorated e-rickshaw, distributed keys to some beneficiaries and flagged of 5,100 e-rickshaws.
the prime minister appealed to e-rickshaw owners to educate their children especially the girl child saying that the country cannot progress unless poor and dalit get an opportunity to come up in life.
he said the e-rickshaw scheme is environment friendly as there will be a provision for recharging the battery from solar-powered battery station.
e-richshaw will help in fighting global warming, he said.
although up chief minister akhilesh yadav was absent, the function among others was attended by state governor ram naik, culture minister mahesh sharma, minister of state for finance jayant sinha and mps.
the state government was represented by food and civil supplies minister kamal akhtar.
under the scheme, sc/st and women entrepreneurs who will avail loan would be given a rupay debit card for withdrawal, besides comprehensive support like pre-loan training, facilitating loan, factoring and marketing.
there would be a rs 10,000 crore refinance window through small industries development bank of india (sidbi) and the national credit guarantee trustee company ltd (ncgtc) will create a corpus of rs 5,000 crore.
sidbi would engage with the dalit indian chamber of commerce and industry and various institutions.
the offices of sidbi and national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) shall be designated stand up connect centres.
oppn parties feel govt may name acceptable candidatedh news service, new delhi, jun 13 2017, 0:45 istthey believe the constitution of the committee with rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu as members is a positive sign.
dh file photowith the bjp setting in motion the process to select a presidential candidate, a section of the opposition parties now feel that the government may come up with a name acceptable to them.
they believe the constitution of the committee with rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu as members is a positive sign.
the moderate panel, as some of the opposition leaders put it, is expected to come up with a moderate candidate whom the opposition could also support.
sources said the congress could also agree if the bjp-led nda comes up with a candidate from the dalit or tribal communities.
the opposition camp feels that the bjp may look for candidates like a former chief justice.
the opposition expects that the bjp panel could throw names like that of jharkhand governor draupadi murmu, former governor s c jamir and even kerala governor and former chief justice of india p sadasivam as the presidential candidate.
however, this may not mean that there will be no contest as the left parties may field their own candidate in a redux of 2002 when it fielded captain laxmi against a p j abdul kalam, who got support from the then ruling nda and most of the opposition, including congress.
though the ruling side have enough numbers, the entire socialist parties may break ranks with the opposition to vote if bjp fields former socialist hukumdev narain yadav as its vice presidential candidate.
the government will take special efforts to ensure adequate credit flow to underserved areas -- the eastern states and j&k, he added.
the government provides short-term crop loans up to rs 3 lakh at subsidised interest rate of 7 per cent per annum.
an additional incentive of 3 per cent is provided to farmers for prompt repayment of loans within due date, making an effective interest rate for them at 4 per cent.
the finance minister noted that the agriculture sector is expected to grow at 4.
1 per cent during the current fiscal on good monsoon.
sowing of both kharif and rabi crops has been higher.
jaitley said the allocation for new crop insurance scheme 'pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana', which was launched last year, has been increased to rs 13,240 crore this fiscal from budgeted rs 5,500 crore.
the allocation for the next fiscal has been earmarked at rs 9,000 crore.
the coverage of this scheme will be increased from 30 per cent of the cropped area in 2016-17 to 40 per cent in 2017-18 to 50 per cent in 2018-19, he said.
the finance minister said that dedicated micro-irrigation fund will be created with a corpus of rs 5000 crore.
stating that dairy is an important source of additional income for farmers, he said the government will set up a dairy processing fund of rs 8,000 crore over three years with initial corpus of rs 2,000 crore.
jaitley also said the government will prepare a model law on contract farming which will be circulated to state governments.
