with rainfall recorded at 23.
7mm, thursday was the wettest republic day in delhi in the last six years.
the city experienced almost non-stop rain during the course of the day.
the only other time in the six year period that it had rained on republic day was in 2015.
this year it was almost 20 times more than 2015, when rainfall was recorded at 1.
4mm.
despite the rain, the temperature in the capital never went over 18.
1c and the minimum temperature was recorded at 16c.
the maximum temperature was 4 degrees below normal, while the minimum was 7 degrees above normal.
it felt colder in the city, because of the winds that kept blowing at speeds around 5-10 kmph, according to officials at the regional weather forecasting centre (rwfc).
it is expected to get drier and cooler on friday, with the rwfc expecting the maximum and minimum temperatures to be 17c and 14c respectively, and winds to be blowing at similar speeds.
read: pink revolution, for women: twitter reacts to pm modis turban on republic daythe met department has not predicted any rain on friday, but the day will remain partly cloudy.
if somebody switches on the fan in a room, we feel colder, even though the temperature does not change.
something similar happens when wind starts blowing in the winter.
and just like the fan, the stronger the wind, the colder we feel, explained a weather expert.
however, neither the cold, nor the rain dampened the spirits of those at the republic day parade, as thousands braved cold winds, and the drizzle to attend the parade.
at homerains played spoilsport for president pranab mukherjees last at home programme of his tenure as heavy downpour forced change of the venue from majestic mughal gardens in the open to the confines of durbar and ashoka halls.
with around 3,000 guests descending for the at home function hosted by the president on the 68th republic day, rashtrapati bhawan had thrown open its banquet hall and upper loggia to accommodate everyone.
the president along with the crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan and prime minister narendra modi were seated in the ashoka hall while the remaining guests were accommodated in other three places.
read: delhis republic day tableaux: a story of rejection and acceptanceamong vvips present at the occasion were vice president hamid ansari, chief justice of india j s khehar, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley and ravi shanker prasad, former mrime minister manmohan singh and congress president sonia gandhi.
the vice president was seen greeting 97-year-old marshal of the indian air force arjan singh, who has been attending the function on wheel chair.
after the national anthem was played, the president, whose term comes to an end this july, went around meeting the guests in all the three halls before taking his seat, the prime minister was seen chit-chatting with the crown prince of abu dhabi, who was the special guest at the republic day parade.
gandhi and mahajan were seen holding each others hands and having a word with smile on their faces.
the delhi high court on friday sought response from chief minister arvind kejriwal and suspended bjp mp kirti azad in a civil defamation suit filed by ddca for their alleged remarks against the cricket body regarding its functioning and finances.
joint registrar anil kumar sisodia, after perusing the suit filed by delhi and district cricket association (ddca), held that the petition is maintainable, so the defendants (kejriwal and azad) need to clear their stand.
the registrar said that the defendants will file their response before march 2.
the courts order came on the plea by ddca that kejriwal with prior motive, has recently indulged in certain false, shocking, scandalous, defamatory, baseless, slanderous, malicious, disgraceful and outrageous statements which are defamatory against them.
advocate sangram patnaik, appearing for ddca, said that kirti azad has also indulged in making such statements, which were made solely with an agenda to defame and cause harm to the plaintiff (ddca), for self-serving and motivated reasons.
he said that the allegations against ddca regarding financial irregularities and corruption in selections at the junior level were maligning the image of the cricket body.
consequently, even the conservatively, ddca has suffered a loss of more than rs 500 crore.
however, ddca is choosing to file the present suit for the damages arising out of the said defamation by the defendants, in the sum of rs five crore (rs 2.
5 crore each).
in addition to this, a public apology is also demanded by ddca from kejriwal and azad, the complaint said.
kejriwal and five others of his party have already been dragged to the high court by finance minister arunjaitley for issuing allegedly false and defamatory statements against him and his family members.
jaitley has sought damages of rs 10 crore from them.
apart from this, the six aam aadmi party (aap) leaders are also facing a criminal defamation case filed against them in the trial court by the minister.
ddca and its treasurer ravinder manchanda, who filed theddca and its treasurer ravinder manchanda, who filed the suit, have alleged that kejriwal, without having any justifiable, substantial and/or on cogent evidence in his possession, has made the statement which was reported across the country, tarnishing the image of the cricket body and its members.
they have asked why azad chose to remain silent for almost eight years without initiating any concrete steps to bring to the knowledge of ddca about the alleged incidents in order to bring end to such practices.
the defendant number 2 (azad) has chosen this very moment to wake up from his self-induced deep slumber in order to cast such scandalous and defamatory aspersions against ddca, makes it obvious that the intention is to lower and damage the reputation of ddca, for self-serving and motivated reasons, the complaint has said.
ddca has said that the action of defendants have severely damaged the credibility and reputation of the cricketing body in eyes of thousands of cricket lovers, citizen of india as well as internationally.
it is matter of deep shame that unauthenticated, false, scandalous and defamatory allegations have been made against ddca which has led to the sullying of the reputation of not only ddca, its officials and staff associated with it, but have even tarnished the image of a cricket-worshiping nation by the casting of such false, baseless and motivated aspersions, the suit has said.
it has also said that kejriwal and azad have flagrantly violated all principles of responsible behavior and ethics.
the move will also facilitate banks to reduce interest rates, he added.
2 , while in china it is 4.
7  and in most other developing and developed economies, it was much lower at 2-5 .
replying to a question, the minister said the pile of non performing assets (npas) in the banking system at present was a legacy problem.
most large ticket size loans that have turned npa were given to big companies between 2007 and 2009.
this is your legacy we are paying the interest, he said.
jaitley added that the problem was not with the nda governments management of public sector banks but the over-management of banks in upa era.
hinting at recent reports suggesting that there was interference from north block in helping loan defaulter vijay mallya, promoter of the now defunct kingfisher airlines, get money from banks, the minister said not a penny was provided to him since the nda government assumed office.
jaitley said the problem of npa is partly because of the slowdown and partly due to interferences from erstwhile authorities.
jaitley, and by extension the ruling party, received flak from the congress when former finance minister p chidambaram accused the government of fumbling, bumbling, scrambling and inventing a new narrative every day on the issue of demonetisation.
initiating the discussion on general budget in the rajya sabha, chidambaram termed the budget a great disappointment, and estimated that 2016-17 will see a hit on gdp by 1-1.
5 .
if very unlucky, he said it could even be 2 .
the former finance minister warned that this trend will spill over into 2017-18.
shares of public sector banks ended with up to 6.
5  gains today after finance minister arunjaitley promised a solution to the growing problem of npas or bad loans within next few days.
bank of india jumped 5.
02 per cent, bank of baroda surged 4.
26 , pnb (3.
61 pc), union bank of india (3.
29 pc) and allahabad bank (3.
02 pc) on bse.
oriental bank of commerce was up 6.
45 per cent.
buying was also seen in private lenders, with icici bank rising 2.
90  and axis bank 0.
23 .
hdfc bank was however down by 0.
53 the bse bank index rose by 1.
23  to settle at 24,061.
02.
the gross non performing assets (npas) of public sector banks have risen to rs 6.
06 lakh crore in december 2016, from rs 5.
02 lakh crore at the end of march 2016.
the bjp top brass set the tone for the 2019 lok sabha polls at its parliamentary party meeting on thursday with prime minister narendra modi asking party leaders to reach out to the youth.
bjp chief amit shah said the parliamentary elections are the next big challenge for the party following its win in the recently concluded state polls.
the first bjp parliamentary party meeting after the announcement of the assembly polls results was an occasion for celebration, thanksgiving and mapping out the path ahead for the party.
keeping up with its outreach to dalits, a substantial chunk of whom is believed to have voted for the bjp in the uttar pradesh polls, it has decided to launch various week-long events from bhim rao ambedkars birth anniversary on april 14.
the party will observe the week-long exercise in every panchayat and ward.
it will also celebrate its foundation day on april 6 during which its leaders and workers will take part in swachh bharat campaign.
modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of bhim app, a digital payment application, by educating the masses about it and helping them download it, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar told reporters after the meeting.
they were also asked to publicise ambedkars works and contributions.
the prime minister said the youth should be made ambassadors of the union governments public welfare works and good governance.
modi said youngsters depend on mobile phones more than on newspapers and tv channels to get information and stressed on the need to use this medium of communication to tap them.
he also asked the party leaders to contact them while they are in class xii.
shah said the partys win in the assembly polls was an outcome of the peoples vote against casteism, family rule and corruption and in favour of modis leadership under which public welfare and good governance is the agenda.
noting that the five-state elections were cited as the bjps biggest electoral challenge following 2014 lok sabha polls victory, he asserted that the next parliamentary elections in 2019 is the next big challenge and asked the party leaders to make preparation for it.
the bjps win underlined peoples support for the welfare schemes launched by the central government and a brave decision like demonetisation, shah claimed.
the bjp parliamentary party also passed a resolution thanking voters for their support and also partys workers for their efforts under the leadership of modi and shah.
it also expressed hope that the bjp governments in these states will provide good governance and run public welfare programmes.
home minister rajnath singh proposed the resolution and finance minister arunjaitley supported it, which was passed unanimously, kumar said.
the party leaders were also distributed prasad of the tirupati temple.
finance minister arunjaitley , currently on a visit to the us, will take up with the american administration the matter of restrictions on h-1b visas, the government said on thursday.
speaking to media in new delhi on the executive order signed by us president donald trump on h-1b visas, commerce minister nirmala sitharaman said the us had committed certain number of these visas to india at the world trade organisation (wto) and we would definitely want america to honour that commitment.
it is not just the us, but several countries now adopting such (restrictive) measures, she said.
the restrictive visa regime would also impact the us companies operating in india, the minister said.
so it is not a unilateral (issue) where indian companies would have to face this.
.
.
there are several us companies in india which are doing business for years here, she said.
while the us is reviewing its visa programme for foreign workers, australia has recently abolished a temporary work visa programme -- the 457 visa.
citing the examples of these countries tightening their visa regime for movement of skilled professionals, sitharaman said: countries are now very clearly raising protectionist walls as regards service trade.
i protest comparison of asylum-seeking migrants with skilled professionals.
to a question whether india would take the us and australia to the wtos dispute resolution mechanism, she replied: at this stage, we will engage constructively.
at the same time, india will ensure that it will not accept unfair treatment.
in this connection, sitharaman said india has submitted a proposal to the wto for an agreement on trade facilitation in services (tfs)it is time that we have a global framework within which trade in services can happen.
we will be actively pursuing our proposal in the wto, she said.
india has presented a concept note at the wto for a tfs agreement, which proposes a way forward on comprehensively addressing the numerous border and behind-the-border barriers on the lines of the historic trade facilitation agreement in goods.
the tfs proposal aims at liberalising rules for movement of professionals, liberalised visa regime and long-term business visas.
india is pushing for a tfa in services at the wto as this sector has huge potential and contributes significantly to the countrys economy.
pointing out that the indian services sector contributes over 55 per cent to the countrys gross domestic product, sitharaman earlier said india was unable to leverage its strength in services to get the necessary benefits in the tfa in goods signed with the asean group, for instance.
meanwhile, indias paper for a proposed tfs agreement has been well received by many member countries, wto director general roberto azevedo told reporters here during a visit last month.
finance minister arunjaitley will on monday attempt to break the deadlock over distribution of powers between centre and states to administer gst, an issue that is holding up launch of the new national sales tax from april.
the all-powerful gst council, headed by arunjaitley , will meet for the ninth time on monday with the issue of who gets to administer the goods and services tax (gst) being the single biggest issue on agenda.
the council has been deadlocked in the last four meetings, the last one being on january 4, with states seeking sole powers to control assessee with annual turnover of up to rs 1.
5 crore.
centre, however, is not in favour of a horizontal split as it feels states do not have the expertise to administer levies like service tax.
jaitley is also not favour of dual agencies auditing and scrutinising each taxpayer as he reckons multiple authorities could end up acting at cross-purposes.
read: wont be bound to a timeline on gst: arun jaitleyjaitley had last week hoped to resolve the pending issues to get the new indirect tax regime rolling from april 1.
most of the issues have been sorted out, some critical issues remain and these critical issues over the next few weeks we will try and solve out, he said last week.
we would want it to be implemented from april if all issues are resolved.
the gst council is also to discuss the taxation of trade in territorial waters.
also the corpus to be created for compensating states for loss of revenue from gst rollout may figure in tomorrows meeting, sources said.
the council had in previous meeting agreed on most of the clauses of the draft igst law, which along with central-gst (cgst) and state-gst (sgst) have to be passed by the parliament and state legislatives respectively before the new tax regime can be rolled out.
interated-gst or igst deals with levy on inter-state supply (including stock transfers) of goods or services.
read: to implement gst, modi must now rekindle the spirit of team indiagst will subsume a host of indirect taxes levied by the centre and the states, including excise duty, value-added tax, service tax, entry tax, luxury tax and entertainment tax.
the parliament passed the landmark constitutional amendment in august last year and more than half of state legislatures ratified it by mid-september.
according to arunjaitley , gst needs to be rolled out latest by september 16, 2017.
under the constitutional amendment passed by parliament for the gst implementation, some of the existing levies would expire after september 16.
gst would transform india into a single market, boost revenues through better compliance and simpler procedure.
finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday ruled out tax on farm income, as proposed by the governments think tank niti aayog in its long term vision document.
i have read the paragraph in niti ayog report entitled income tax on agriculture income.
as per the constitutional allocation of powers, the central government has no jurisdiction to impose tax on agricultural income, he added.
presenting hits vision document to prime minister narendra modi on sunday, the niti aayog projected an annual average growth of 8  with faster reforms.
the think tank proposed bringing agricultural income within the personal income tax net, to broaden the tax base and thereby enable the government to reduce the tax rate.
it however clarified that since taxing agriculture income was politically sensitive, the think tank will finalise the draft document only after it received responses from the state governments.
excluding income from farming, which accounts for about 15  of indias $2.
2 trillion gross domestic product, out of the tax net forces the government to keep personal income tax rate high.
besides, taxing farm income above a threshold will also prevent evasion of taxes misusing the exemption given to farm income.
the finance minister also said achieving a growth rate of 7-8  is plausible and if economies pick up globally then the countrys growth rate can go up further.
the biggest taxation reform what we are trying to implement from july 1 is goods and services tax .
.
.
he said the tax department is trying to make the i-t backbone so strong so that evasion becomes difficult and hence only limited number of cases are taken up for scrutiny.
the union cabinet this week cleared four supplementary gst legislations that will be introduced in parliament in the ongoing budget session.
jaitley said india would continue to remain among the fastest growing economies of the world.
for the last three years we have been the fastest growing major economy, we will continue to be in that phase.
i think for india to achieve the growth rate of 7-8  is reasonably logically plausible.
the four crucial bills  central gst bill, integrated gst bill, union territory gst bill and gst (compensation to the states) bill  have already been cleared by the union cabinet.
the current session of the parliament will end on april 12 and there is a constitutional compulsion for the government to rollout the new tax structure before september 2017.
underlining the need to take up the four bills on an immediate basis, the finance minister said that the gst constitutional amendment bill has no provision for an extension of gst deadline beyond september.
speaking in the rajya sabha, the finance minister said the government was keen to stick to the july 1 deadline for the implementation of gst.
the bjp leader said other concerns like bringing petroleum and land under the ambit of the tax net will be considered after the first year of gsts implementation.
petroleum is part of gst, however, gst will apply on petroleum only after all the states, through the gst council, agreed on it.
.
.
and till then states will continue to tax petroleum products, the minister said in the upper house during a budget discussion.
a ministerial group is working on removing bottlenecks on tolls to ensure smooth flow of goods and services, arunjaitley added.
the finance minister is on a five-day visit to britain, during which he will meet his british counterpart, the chancellor of exchequer, interact with over 100 business leaders from the uk-india business council (ukibc) and attend a round-table with prospective issuers, leading investors and fintech leaders, among others.
on sunday, arunjaitley will attend a reception organised by federation of indian chambers of commerce and industry (ficci), the british council and indian high commission.
on february 27, he will perform market opening ceremony at london stock exchange followed by the roundtable meeting with prospective issuers and leading investors and fintech leaders among others.
later in the day, he will interact with over 100 senior business leaders from the ukibc followed by meeting with british foreign secretary boris johnson.
he will also attend a reception hosted by queen elizabeth ii at buckingham palace in the evening on that day.
on february 28, arunjaitley will meet the chancellor of exchequer.
thereafter, the finance minister will meet the ceos at a meeting being organised by the confederation of british industry before leaving back for home in the evening on the same day and arriving in the national capital early morning on march 1.
there is an atmosphere of fear in the country and the situation was similar to that in pakistan or under dictatorship, congress president rahul gandhi claimed on thursday, referring to the political developments in karnataka following a hung verdict in the assembly elections.
the constitution was under severe attack, with even the institutions such as the judiciary and the press being suppressed and threatened, he said in chhattisgarh, where he launched his partys election campaign.
his remarks came hours after bjps b s yeddyurappa was sworn-in as the chief minister of karnataka.
while the congress-jd(s) combine in the state has been claiming majority with the support of 117 mlas, the bjp, which won 104 seats, was invited to form the government by the governor vajubhai vala.
the constitution is under severe attack in the country.
.
.
in karnataka, the mlas are on one side and the governor on the other and you know what attempt is being made, gandhi said.
the jd(s) leader has said its mlas were offered rs 100 crore, the congress president said, apparently referring to h d kumaraswami who had made the allegation.
gandhi said, one after another, you can see in every democratic institution in the country,.
.
the rss is trying to induct its people.
fear everywherethere is fear in the judiciary, there is fear in the press, and even the bjps members of parliament are scared as they cannot speak a single word before the prime minister, he said.
in the last 70 years, it was generally seen that the people approached the judiciary for seeking justice, he said.
but for the first time it was seen that four judges of the supreme court appeared before the press and sought support from the public, saying they were being suppressed and not allowed to perform their duties.
such a thing was witnessed for the first time in a democratic country.
it definitely happens under dictatorships, it happens in pakistan, it happens in different african countries, (where) a general comes and suppresses the court and the press.
but in india, it has happened for the first time in last 70 years, gandhi said.
he was apparently referring to the unprecedented press conference by four senior judges of the supreme court in january this year to express their grievances against the chief justice of india.
bjp, rsss aim to capture everythingin his address at a jan swaraj sammelan here on the occasion of the silver jubilee of 73rd and 74th amendment in the constitution related to local self-governance, the congress leader accused the bjp and the rss of capturing every democratic institution in country.
he said the congress had ruled the country for several years but never tried to capture the democratic institutions.
gandhi also alleged that the rss and the bjps aim was to suppress the voice of dalits, tribals and women and distribute the countrys wealth to a select people.
but in the last one year, rs 2.
5 lakh crore loan of 15 rich people was waived.
he (jaitley) doesnt speak on it because its in their policy, the congress chief said.
he said that if the bjp wanted to talk about corruption, then its leaders should speak about the rafale fighter deal, bjp chiefs son and (union minister) piyush goyals company.
however, he did not elaborate on it.
gandhi alleged the bjp government has snatched the rights of farmers, villagers and poor and diluted the law.
during the interaction with the representatives, gandhi said if the congress comes to power at the centre, its focus will be on education, health and employment sectors in which the modi government has completely failed.
he said his partys government would waive farmers loans within 10 days of coming to power in 2019.
accusing the modi government of considering farmers as a burden, he said the congress considers them as its strength.
if the narendra modi government can waive loans of 1520 rich industrialists worth rs 2.
5 lakh crore, why cant farmers loans be waived?
he asked.
that amount is equivalent to rs 35,000 crore that the upa spent to implement the mnerga scheme in the country, he said.
he said, modi calls mehul choksi as mehul bhai.
he knows choksi and nirav modi well.
modi did not respond to my request to waive farm loans in the entire country.
the congress government had brought the land acquisition bill, in which it was clearly mentioned that panchayats permission should be mandatory for acquiring land in a village, gandhi said.
the attack on me (by the bjp) was launched since the day i visited bhatta parsaul (in 2011 in noida in up).
there i had raised questions and from that day, they have been trying to corner me, he said.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday threw an open invitation to the opposition in the lok sabha for suggestions to make electoral funding cleaner and transparent.
jaitley said the opposition, which is against the provisions of the electoral bond-related provisions of the finance bill, has not come out with a single suggestion to deal with the issue.
i am only hearing adjectives like it must be clean, it must be transparent.
please give me ideal combination of the two.
we are willing to consider it.
i will wait for a specific suggestion, he said, replying to a debate on amendments proposed by the rajya sabha to the finance bill 2017.
these were later rejected by the lower house.
i have an open invitation to all, please suggest to me a better system which will ensure clean money and transparency to the extent possible.
but the opposition accused the government of running roughshod by opening doors for political extortionism and passing draconian provisions in the finance bill.
among the amendments approved by the rajya sabha and rejected by the lok sabha was a provision for a company to disclose the name of the political parties that received its contributions.
for its part, the congress called for an all-party meeting on electoral reforms by forming a committee.
it also demanded a political funding bill be brought and debated extensively in parliament.
i have an open invitation to all, please suggest to me a better system which will ensure clean money and transparency to the extent possible.
---arun jaitley.
.
.
the time has come for cleaner and transparent political funding and for all these measures to be discussed, debated, analysed and then crystallised in the form of transparent political funding bill that is brought in, debated and voted on in both houses of parliament, subject to scrutiny by the appropriate standing committee, congress spokesperson rajeev gowda said.
with the amendment finance minister arunjaitley has brought in, the limits on corporate funding and corporate donations have been removed.
with the new introduction of the electoral bonds where donations can be made through cheques, corporates can also buy these electoral bonds in designated banks and give those bonds anonymously to political parties, he said.
in the lok sabha, arunjaitley pointed out that at present, political parties collect most of the funding in cash.
this is tax evaded money and there is no transparency.
the purchaser of electoral bond has to use cheques to pay, and the party that receives it has to deposit it in a notified bank account.
only the bank knows who has bought the bonds and the donor knows who he or she has gifted them to, he said.
so this system will ensure clean money.
i concede it is only partly transparent.
but those who want full transparency have the cheque option (of receiving political donations).
but that full transparency and clean money option is a tried, tested and failed system.
it has not worked in this country, he said.
finance minister arunjaitley on friday introduced a bill in lok sabha to amend the customs and excise acts to make them compliant with the new gst regime.
the amendment seeks to include warehouse in the definition of customs area to ensure that an importer is not asked to pay integrated goods and services tax (igst) at the time of removal of goods from a customs station to a warehouse.
the proposed bill also seeks to abolish the cess levied on water consumed by certain industries and by local authorities under the water (prevention and control of pollution) cess act, 1977, the statement of objects and reasons for the bill stated.
jaitley brought the taxation laws (amendment) bill, 2017 to further amend the customs act, 1962, the customs tariff act, 1975, the central excise act, 1944, the finance act, 2001 and the finance act, 2005, within days of the lok sabha passing four gst legislations.
as the goods and services tax is to be introduced with effect from the july 1, 2017, the four legislations of the central gst bill 2017, the integrated gst bill 2017, the union territory gst bill, 2017 and the gst (compensation to states) bill, 2017 are in the process of being enacted, it said.
as a result, central excise duty on goods other than crude oil, petrol, diesel, atf and natural gas, service tax on taxable services and vat on sale or purchase of goods will be subsumed in the gst.
therefore, it requires certain consequential amendments in the customs act, 1962, the customs tariff act, 1975, the central excise act, 1944, the finance act 2001 and the finance act 2005 and repeal of certain enactments, it said.
the amendment is to provide for levy of igst and gst compensation cess on imports goods as to provide a level playing field to the domestic industry.
also, certain consequential amendments are proposed to made in the excise act relating to certain definitions, charging sections, provision of deemed manufacture and insertion of emergency powers to increase the rate of duty.
microsoft ceo satya nadella called on union information technology minister ravi shankar prasad on tuesday to discuss the it majors projects with the government and the issues regarding the united states immigration policy.
prasad said that nadella shares the concerns of the indian it sector when it comes to the us immigration policy.
the it ministry is working with the mea to sort things out.
the microsoft ceo also endorses the contribution of the indian it firms and professionals in the us, the it minister said.
read | microsoft ceo satya nadella pressed trump on h-1b visas at tech summita delegation of eighth us lawmakers are expected to meet prasad later in the day.
digigaon projectglobal it firms are making a beeline to india after prime minister narendra modi unleashed the multi-billion dollar digital india initiative.
microsoft is involved in one of the digigaon project, which was announced in the union budget, prasad said after the meeting.
read | nadella echoes gates concern about ai, says reskilling needed to prevent job lossthe government plans to step up the allocation for bharatnet project to rs 10,000 crores in 2017-18.
by the end of 2017-18, high speed broadband connectivity on optical fibre will be available in more than 1,50,000 gram panchayats, with wifi hot spots and access to digital services at low tariffs.
microsoft has already helped in the spread of aadhaar project.
the company founded by bill gates is also running a pilot on tv white space technology which will enable it to offer internet facilities at very low frequency in rural areas.
worldupdated: sep 02, 2019 07:57 isttim roemer, former us ambassador to india who was responsible for broadening and deepening the us-india partnership, has accused pakistan pm imran khan of increasing the volatility of the region and urged that the us policy should remain steady towards strategic ties with india, and push pakistan for real results on anti-terror cooperation.
in a tweet, tagging imrans opinion piece in the nyt where he has threatened the world with the spectre of a nuclear war over kashmir, roemer said: pakistan pm imran khan hypes the kashmir situation, personally attacks pm modi, and increases the volatility in the region.
us policy should remain steady toward strategic relations with india, emphasize ct cooperation, and push pakistan for real results.
a few days ago, roemer had condoled the passing away of former finance minister arun jaitley.
he tweeted: recent passing of my friend, finance minister of india arun jaitley.
he was a bridge builder, brilliant lawyer, and huge cricket fan.
the people of india will miss a dedicated public servant.
he was american ambassador to india from 2009 to 2011 during the presidentship of barack obama.
he oversaw the implementation of several key policies and initiatives, including increasing cooperation, technology transfer and commercial sales in the defence and space industries.
he also oversaw signing of the counterterrorism cooperation initiative with india to further expand cooperation in areas such as intelligence and homeland security, border security, money laundering and terrorist financing; and working with the united states to assist india on its global center for nuclear energy partnership.
he also stressed on commerce and exports, helping move india from americas 25th-largest trading partner to 12th.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
finance minister arunjaitley electoral bond scheme will up-end how corporate india routes donations to political parties, with profound implications for democracy; yet the opposition and the election commission  the primary check on executive overreach  are yet to muster a response.
in finance bill 2017, ratified by parliament in this budget session, the government lifted a long-standing cap on the amount of money a single company can contribute; removed provisions that required companies to disclose the recipients of their political donations, and introduced electoral bonds - a new financial instrument, issued by the reserve bank of india, which can be bought and deposited in the account of a beneficiary political party without disclosing the donors identity.
the government then asked parties to submit suggestions on how to implement the scheme, yet none have responded thus far.
ht spoke to the congress, samajwadi party (sp), janata dal (united), trinamool congress and communist party of india (cpi)  to find out their position on the matter.
no, said a former congress minister when ht asked him if the party had discussed the proposed changes in political funding rules.
interactive | electoral trusts: how some of indias biggest companies route money to political partieswe are totally opposed to corporate funding.
what we need is state funding of elections, cpis d raja said, adding poll bonds sounded ad hoc and the government was not clear on them.
regional players such as the trinamool and the biju janata dal, too, favour state funding.
we are in favour of clean and transparent system but we cannot overlook the fact that a donor would want to remain anonymous for various reasons  primarily because they dont want the government or the opposition to arm twist them, said a senior bjp leader on why government was still allowing cash donations.
representatives of other major parties said they were yet to consider the matter.
in march, chief election commissioner nasim zaidi told ht that the proposed bonds are a good initiative, but the commission has not received any formal communication from the government.
the ec did not respond to concerns the new scheme might give corporations and rich individuals undue influence over the democratic process.
we will be able to comment only when we receive the scheme, said a senior ec official on the condition of anonymity.
but former chief election commissioner sy qureshi was critical of the government move.
the removal of the cap on donation has serious implications.
the more money companies put into politics, the more they will play politics.
this is detrimental to democracy, qureshi said.
let companies donate to a national electoral fund that will disburse money as per a transparent formula.
with the bill ratified by parliament, qureshi said, the only hope was that opposition parties would push the government to implement the scheme in a transparent matter.
yet, past precedent suggests his hope is misplaced.
in 2013, for instance, the 20th law commission sought suggestions from citizens, the ec and political parties on issues such as de-criminalising politics, state funding of elections and political donations.
the congress and the little-known welfare party of india were the only political parties to respond.
streamlining the funding will need political will, former chief election commissioner hs brahma said, adding norms should be laid out for collection and spending of money.
jagdeep chhokar of the association for democratic reforms agreed with brahma.
he said the lack of a cohesive stand was in sharp contrast to the unity political parties had shown in demanding a rollback of electronic voting machines.
the enforcement directorate (ed) chief on saturday batted for allowing the agency to independently register and pursue anti-money laundering cases so that its probe is not impacted even if the courts junk the first fir by any other agency.
the ed is in a three-legged race and many courts feel that if the case of the scheduled agency is thrown out, then the ed case automatically fails, enforcement directorate chief karnal singh said and added this should change as the rules of the game are different under the pmla.
his remarks comes in the backdrop of the courts recently discharging the maran brothers (aircel-maxis 2g spectrum case) and arms dealer abhishek verma in separate cbi cases, based on which the ed had registered criminal cases under the prevention of money laundering act (pmla).
the ed can, at present, file a case only on the basis of an fir by agencies like cbi and cannot take up an anti-money laundering investigation independently.
the court had held that as the scheduled offence registered by cbi in aircel-maxis case is no more valid, the ed case too becomes groundless and that nothing survived in it.
the ed has appealed against the order.
calling such developments as bottle necks in its effort to curb the menace of black money and corruption, singh said that the undertsanding of law sometimes creates problems.
he was delivering the inaugural speech at the enforcement day event, where finance minister arunjaitley was the chief guest along with revenue secretary hasmukh adhia.
our legs are tied with the scheduled agency (cbi in these cases).
it is like in sports where we have the three- legged race.
.
.
our one leg is tied with them (scheduled agency like police or cbi) and many courts feel that the other case fails then the ed case automatically fails.
we have gone (in appeal) to the supreme court in such a case for a decision, the ed director said.
the rules of game are different in predicate offence investigation and the ed investigation, he said.
the ed, sources said, wants legal amendments in the pmla so that it can register criminal cases on its own rather than forming basis of any other agencys fir.
the ed chief listed some points that differentiate pmla from other laws.
whenever there is investigation by police, the statement given before police is not admissible in court while statement given before a directorate (ed) officer is admissible in court.
appreciation of evidence is also different.
these issues have to be resolved with the passage of time, singh said.
talking about eds achievements, the director said the agency has attached, under pmla, assets worth over rs 22,000 crore till now, and half of it has been done in last year alone.
a good number of attachments under anti-money laundering laws came as a result of the eds probe in black money cases which were registered post demonetisation.
prime minister narendra modi had declared demonetisation of two high value currencies of rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination on november 8 last year.
the last financial year was full of challenges for ed be it the case of vijay mallya, agustawestland, bank fraud cases, the demonetisation issues.
.
.
officers of the agency performed to their best with their diligence and hardwork, he said.
he said the agency filed 76 charge sheets under pmla last year, while it filed 104 such complaints in the courts this year.
the total cases under trial are 353, he said adding first two convictions under pmla were obtained this year.
singh said cases related to bank frauds, corruption and those related to shell companies are a priority for the agency.
analysis of cases being investigated by ed shows that 27  of total cases are bank frauds or other frauds.
.
.
and it is the area of concern.
the second area of concern, about 20  of the cases, are related to corruption.
if we see how money is laundered then the most important laundering process is by the shell companies which we can say is done by accommodation entry operators, he said.
he also drew an analogy between money laundering and washing clothes at a dhobi ghaat.
it (money laundering) is like suppose you have to wash your clothes.
.
.
dhobi ghaat only washes them but who uses the clothes?
somebody else.
if any country is prone to money laundering it becomes like a dhobhi ghat, he said.
the people of various countries would come, clean their money and go back and take their money back and we are never benefited out of that, singh said.
he also urged professionals like chartered accountants and others to desist from doing wrong things.
we did some searches (against cas and other professionals).
.
.
we arrested one ca.
they should have a clear message that they should work for the country and not for the offenders, the director said.
the ed chief added there are certain other bottle necks being faced by it like misunderstanding of legal procedures (by its officials), implementation of law and shortage of manpower.
the agency, he said, is in the process of establishing five more cyber labs in addition to the one it has at its headquarters here, so that digital evidence is quickly retrieved and used for investigation purposes.
our endeavour is to improve professionalism in the ed and i can assure that we will work with utmost sincerity, integrity and professionalism to give results to the country, he said.
former union finance minister arunjaitley died at delhis aiims on saturday.
he was 66.
jaitley was admitted to aiims on august 9, after he complained of uneasiness.
a press release by aiims media and protocol division said arunjaitley died at 12:07 pm on saturday.
also read| when arunjaitley spent rs 35,000 to prep for rajya sabha debateread updates here:7:55 pm ist arunjaitley stood by me in all my troubles: amit shah whenever i faced trouble in my life, arunjaitley ji stood by me.
today he is not with us anymore, i pray to the almighty to give peace to the departed soul and give strength to his family and bjp workers, to cope with this loss, said amit shah.
7:45 pm ist sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi pay tribute to arunjaitley former pm dr manmohan singh, congress interim president sonia gandhi and congress leader rahul gandhi, pay tribute to former union finance minister arunjaitley who passed away earlier today.
7:34 pm ist unbearable loss to the bjp: amit shah union home minister amit shah: arunjaitley demise is an unbearable loss to the workers of bjp.
as a student leader, he was jailed for 19 months during the emergency.
as a member of parliament, he always raised the voice of the people and acted as a crusader against corruption.
7:15 pm ist he was an asset to the party: rajnath singh the nation will never forget his contribution, he was an asset to the party, the government when he was part of it, and the country.
he is not with us anymore, i pay tribute to him, said rajnath singh.
6:55 pm ist nirmala sitharaman pays tribute to arunjaitley finance minister nirmala sitharaman pays tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley.
6:35 pm ist naveen patnaik at jaitleys residence to pay his last respects odisha chief minister naveen patnaik and biju janata dal (bjd) mp pinaki misra pay tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley.
6:25 pm ist lk advani visits jaitleys delhi home, pays tribute veteran bjp leader lal krishna advani pays tribute to former union finance minister arunjaitley , who passed away at all india institute of medical sciences, earlier today.
6:15 pm ist us mission in india grieves with people of india: us embassy us embassy issued a statement today: us mission in india grieves with people of india on demise of former minister arun jaitley.
hell be remembered for his long & distinguished service.
especially notable was his introduction of gst, efforts to improve ease of doing business,&measures to combat corruption.
:ani6:00 pm ist yogi adityanath, ravi shankar prasad also pay their last respects uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath, union minister ravi shankar prasad pay tribute to former finance minister arun jaitley.
leaders at arunjaitley residence.
( ani twitter )5:50 pm ist jyotiraditya scindia, arvind kejriwal pay tribute to arunjaitley congress leader jyotiraditya scindia along with his family, delhi cm arvind kejriwal and deputy cm manish sisodia, paid tribute to former finance minister arunjaitley , who passed away earlier today.
:ani5:35 pm ist a big loss for bjp: j-k governor sp malik j-k governor sp malik on arun jaitley: its a big loss for bjp,country and for me personally.
he was a very talented person, brilliant people like him are rarely seen in politics.
i pray to the almighty to give peace to his soul & give strength to his family at this moment of grief.
:ani5:25 pm ist s jaishankar pays tribute to arunjaitley external affairs minister subrahmanyam jaishankar pays tribute to former union finance minister arunjaitley , who passed away at all india institute of medical sciences, earlier today.
:ani5:05 pm ist president ram nath kovind pays tribute to arunjaitley president ram nath kovind pays tribute to former union finance minister arun jaitley.
3:49 pm ist mortal remains of arunjaitley brought to his residence mortal remains of former union finance minister arunjaitley brought to his residence in delhi from all india institute of medical sciences, where he passed away, earlier today.
3:24 pm ist jp nadda and harsh vardhan laid wreaths on mortal remains on arunjaitley bjp working president jp nadda and union health minister dr. harsh vardhan laid wreaths on mortal remains on arunjaitley , on behalf of bjp president amit shah and pm modi, respectively.
bjp working president jp nadda & union health minister dr. harsh vardhan laid wreaths on mortal remains on #arunjaitley, on behalf of bjp president amit shah & pm modi, respectively.
pic.
twitter.com/93y7ogrelo  ani (@ani) august 24, 20193:16 pm ist he was always available for all of us with his sage advice: piyush goyal union minister piyush goyal on arunjaitley : i am deeply pained at the sad demise of my brother and my mentor.
he was always available for all of us with his sage advice.
it is a great personal loss for me and my family.
union minister piyush goyal on #arunjaitley : i am deeply pained at the sad demise of my brother and my mentor.
he was always available for all of us with his sage advice.
it is a great personal loss for me and my family.
pic.
twitter.com/mwet4eku49  ani (@ani) august 24, 20193:15 pm ist mortal remains of former union finance minister arunjaitley being taken to his delhi home delhi: mortal remains of former union finance minister arunjaitley being taken to his residence from all india institutes of medical sciences, where he passed away, earlier today.
delhi: mortal remains of former union finance minister arunjaitley being taken to his residence from all india institutes of medical sciences, where he passed away, earlier today.
pic.
twitter.com/lbfxddidsr  ani (@ani) august 24, 20192:59 pm ist personally, deeply saddened by passing away of arun jaitley: cji ranjan gogoi i am personally, deeply saddened by passing away of arun jaitley: cji ranjan gogoi, reports pti.
2:46 pm ist arunjaitley to be cremated at nigambodh ghat on sunday former finance minister arunjaitley will be cremated on sunday afternoon at the nigambodh ghat, bjp leader sudhanshu mittal said, reports pti.
2:43 pm ist as a finance minister arunjaitley ji steered landmark reforms: yogi adityanath yogi adityanath tweets: as a finance minister shri @arunjaitley ji steered landmark reforms- gst and the insolvency and bankruptcy code his passing away is very saddening.
it is a big loss to the nation and to the party and a personal loss to me.
2:35 pm ist arunjaitley , a cultured gentleman: tamil nadu cm k palaniswami praising arunjaitley as a cultured gentleman who had cordial ties with all cutting across party lines, tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami on saturday said he was grieved to learn of his death, which was a huge loss for the country.
arun jaitleys passing away is a huge loss not only for his family but also for his party and the entire indian nation, he said expressing shock and grief in his condolence, reports pti.
2:20 pm ist truly cherish many years of friendship shared with a humble leader: chandrababu naidu chandrababu naidu tweets: devastated to learn about the passing away of arunjaitley ji.
truly cherish the many years of friendship shared with a humble leader who was also a great statesman.
my deepest condolences to his family.
2:13 pm ist nirmala sitaraman and jitendra singh reach delhis aiims nirmala sitaraman and jitendra singh reach delhis aiims.
2:04 pm ist arunjaitley was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity: venkaiah naidu vice-president, m venkaiah naidu on arun jaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
vice-president, m venkaiah naidu on #arunjaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
pic.
twitter.com/hjx18wlzyz  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:57 pm ist arunjaitley was a superhuman, devoted life to service of the nation: shivraj chouhan former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan on saturday condoled the demise of former union finance minister arun jaitley.
he was a great man and superhuman.
this is not just the loss of bjp, it is the loss for the entire country and the entire world.
he devoted his life for the service of the country, he said while talking to reporters in bhopal, reports news agency ani.
1:53 pm ist his contributions to public life will forever be remembered: sonia gandhi on arunjaitley demise congress president sonia gandhi has expressed deep pain and distress at the untimely passing away of arun jaitley.
condoling his death she said that shri arunjaitley had a long innings as a public figure, parliamentarian and minister and his contributions to public life will forever be remembered.
1:50 pm ist his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also: venkaiah naidu vice-president and bjp leader, m venkaiah naidu on arun jaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
vice-president and bjp leader, m venkaiah naidu on #arunjaitley: his death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
pic.
twitter.com/zcak61ey93  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:50 pm ist all programmes of jharkhand chief minister raghubar das scheduled for today and tomorrow, have been postponed all programmes of jharkhand chief minister raghubar das scheduled for today and tomorrow, have been postponed in view of former union finance minister, arunjaitley demise, reports news agency ani.
1:46 pm ist bjp family has lost one of its integral members today: jharkhand cm raghubar das jharkhand chief minister raghubar das tweets, saddened by arunjaitley jis demise, bjp family has lost one of its integral members today.
i pray to the almighty to give peace to the departed soul and give strength to his family at this time of grief.
1:43 pm ist saddened to know about the demise of shri arun jaitley: randeep singh surjewala randeep singh surjewala tweets: saddened to know about the demise of shri arun jaitley.
my deepest condolences to his family.
an astute parliamentarian, hell always be remembered.
may his soul rest in peace.
1:38 pm ist deeply pained and anguished on the sad demise of our old friend: shatrughan sinha shatrughan sinha tweets: deeply pained & anguished on the sad demise of our old friend, friend & guide of the society, veteran stalwart leader #arunjaitley.
the whole nation grieves his loss.
he led over four decades in public life effectively & satisfyingly.
he had enormous leadership qualities & was a great multi tasker, taking charge of many ministries with complete ease, with tremendous administration abilities.
he stood tall among others as a tall, fierce leader, a warm human being, intellectual par excellence & a wonderful gentleman.
he will be remembered for his leadership & wisdom.
prayers with his family, friends & supporters.
may they find the strength in these difficult times.
your absence will be truly missed.
may his soul rest in peace.
1:35 pm ist arunjaitley was an asset for the country, for the government, and for the party: rajnath singh defence minister rajnath singh in lucknow: just got to know of the passing away of arunjaitley ji.
he was an asset for the country, for the government, and for the party.
i will leave for delhi to pay tributes to arunjaitley ji.
defence minister rajnath singh in lucknow: just got to know of the passing away of arunjaitley ji.
he was an asset for the country, for the govt, and for the party.
i will leave for delhi to pay tributes to arunjaitley ji.
pic.
twitter.com/qytavzsj4e  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:34 pm ist on behalf of france, i offer our heartfelt condolences to the family and loved ones of arunjaitley ji: french ambassador to india alexandre ziegler french ambassador to india alexandre ziegler: on behalf of france, i offer our heartfelt condolences to the family and loved ones of arunjaitley ji.
france stands with india and its people in this time of deep grief.
1:28 pm ist arunjaitley jis demise is an irreparable loss for all of us: piyush goyal piyush goyal tweets: shri arunjaitley jis demise is an irreparable loss for all of us.
he was an outstanding statesman & administrator who devoted his life to public service & nations growth the nation is in mourning.
my deep condolences to his family in this moment of grief.
om shanti.
1:26 pm ist his intelligence, sagacity, astuteness have no match: nirmala sitharaman on arunjaitley death nirmala sitharaman tweets: no words can describe the loss of shri @arunjaitley.
a mentor to many of us, a guide and a moral support and strength.
have learnt so much from him.
a fine large-hearted person.
always ready to help anyone/everyone.
his intelligence, sagacity, astuteness have no match.
1:22 pm ist extremely saddened by the passing of arunjaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity: ram nath kovind president ram nath kovind: extremely saddened by the passing of arunjaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
a brilliant lawyer, a seasoned parliamentarian, and a distinguished minister, he contributed immensely to nation-building.
president ram nath kovind: extremely saddened by the passing of arunjaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
a brilliant lawyer, a seasoned parliamentarian, and a distinguished minister, he contributed immensely to nation-building.
pic.
twitter.com/erfxgk37kw  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:21 pm ist with the demise of arunjaitley ji, i have lost a valued friend: pm modi with the demise of arunjaitley ji, i have lost a valued friend, whom i have had the honour of knowing for decades.
his insight on issues and nuanced understanding of matters had very few parallels.
he lived well, leaving us all with innumerable happy memories.
we will miss him!
: pm modi1:20 pm ist bjp and arunjaitley ji had an unbreakable bond: pm modi bjp and arunjaitley ji had an unbreakable bond.
as a fiery student leader, he was at forefront of protecting our democracy during the emergency.
he became a much liked face of our party, who could articulate the party programmes and ideology to a wide spectrum of society: pm modi1:20 pm ist arunjaitley ji held multiple ministerial responsibilities, which enabled him to contribute towards indias economic growth: pm modi during his long political career, arunjaitley ji held multiple ministerial responsibilities, which enabled him to contribute towards indias economic growth, strengthening our defence capabilities, creating people friendly laws and enhancing trade with other nations: pm modi1:19 pm ist arunjaitley ji was admired by people across all sections of society: pm modi full of life, blessed with wit, a great sense of humour and charisma, arunjaitley ji was admired by people across all sections of society.
he was multi-faceted, having impeccable knowledge about indias constitution, history, public policy, governance and administration: pm modi1:18 pm ist arunjaitley ji was a political giant, towering intellectual and legal luminary: pm modi pm modi tweets: arunjaitley ji was a political giant, towering intellectual and legal luminary.
he was an articulate leader who made a lasting contribution to india.
his passing away is very saddening.
spoke to his wife sangeeta ji as well as son rohan, and expressed condolences.
om shanti.
1:16 pm ist pm modi has spoken to arunjaitley wife and son, and expressed his condolences pm narendra modi has spoken to arunjaitley wife and son, and expressed his condolences.
both of them insisted that pm does not cancel his current foreign tour, reports news agency ani.
1:15 pm ist a great loss for india: shashi tharoor on arunjaitley demise shashi tharoor tweets: deeply saddened by the tragic passing of my friend&delhiuniv senior @arunjaitley.
we first met when he was at dusu& i was president of ststephenscollegeunion.
despite political differences we enjoyed a healthy mutual respect&debated his budget often in ls.
a great loss4india1:13 pm ist his contribution to build our nation is immense: hd kumaraswamy hd kumaraswamy tweets: deeply saddened by the demise of former union minister shri.
@arunjaitley.
his contribution to build our nation is immense.
let god give strength to his family and well-wishers to bear this loss.
#arunjaitley1:10 pm ist my thoughts are with his family in this time of grief: capt amarinder singh on arunjaitley demise captain amarinder singh tweets: sad to hear that former union minister #arunjaitley ji has passed away.
my thoughts are with his family in this time of grief.
may his soul rest in peace.
1:09 pm ist untimely demise of former finance minister and senior leader arunjaitley is a huge loss to the nation: arvind kejriwal arvind kejriwal tweets: untimely demise of former fm and senior leader sh arunjaitley ji is a huge loss to the nation.
a legal luminary and an experienced political leader known for his governance skills will be missed by the country.
thoughts and prayers with his family in this moment of grief.
rip1:06 pm ist vice president venkaiah naidu cuts short his visit to andhra pradesh following demise of arunjaitley vice president m. venkaiah naidu who was to leave from chennai for nellore in andhra pradesh, has cut short his visit and is returning to delhi following the demise of former finance minister arun jaitley.
vice president m. venkaiah naidu (in file pic) who was to leave from chennai for nellore in andhra pradesh, has cut short his visit and is returning to delhi following the demise of former finance minister arun jaitley.
pic.
twitter.com/yy30wyd7sm  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:05 pm ist deeply pained by demise of arun jaitley; its like a personal loss: amit shah home minister amit shah: deeply pained by the demise of #arunjaitley ji.
it is like a personal loss for me.
i have not only lost a senior party leader but also an important family member who will forever be a guiding light for me.
hm amit shah: deeply pained by the demise of #arunjaitley ji.
it is like a personal loss for me.
i have not only lost a senior party leader but also an important family member who will forever be a guiding light for me.
(file pic) pic.
twitter.com/bka1nevxlo  ani (@ani) august 24, 20191:04 pm ist arunjaitley served the nation and sangathan with dedication and zeal: smriti irani smriti irani tweets: a stalwart who paid tribute to his simple beginnings by helping those with meagre means .
orator par excellence, legal luminary @arunjaitley ji served the nation and sangathan with dedication and zeal.
my tributes to him.
condolences to loved ones.
om shanti.
1:02 pm ist could never forget him and his contribution: suresh prabhu on arunjaitley demise suresh prabhu tweets: extremely sad to hear about passing away of our dear friend,legal brain,sharp mind,astute strategist,seasoned politician,exemplary parliamentian,exceptional communicator,sr leader,colleague of years #arunjaitley will always feel void,could never forget him&contribution om shanti12:57 pm ist our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief: inc congress tweets: we are deeply saddened to hear the passing of shri arun jaitley.
our condolences to his family.
our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief.
12:56 pm ist as leader of opposition he was without match: kapil sibal on arunjaitley congress leader kapail sibal tweets: very sorry to learn that arunjaitley is no more .
an old friend and a dear colleague will be remembered for his seminal contributions to the polity and as fm of india .
as leader of opposition he was without match .
he always stood steadfastly for his friends and for his party .
12:55 pm ist arunjaitley contribution to indian polity will be remembered: mamata banerjee west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee tweets: extremely saddened at the passing away of arunjaitley ji, after a battle bravely borne.
an outstanding parliamentarian & a brilliant lawyer, appreciated across parties.
his contribution to indian polity will be remembered.
my condolences to his wife, children, friends & admirers12:53 pm ist arunjaitley ji was an asset to the government: rajnath singh rajnath singh tweets: arunjaitley ji served the nation in several capacities and he was an asset to the government and the party organisation.
he always had a deep and clear understanding of the issues of the day.
his knowledge and articulation won him several friends.
finance minister arunjaitley today on monday the unique india-africa partnership model can shape the future of the world as he stressed on increasing the cooperation between the two sides.
speaking at the opening session of the african development banks (afdb) annual meeting here, arunjaitley -- who also holds the portfolios of defence and corporate affairs -- said cornerstone of the india-africa partnership is voluntary without any imposition on partner and the partner is free to decide what is best for them.
india and africa together can shape the future of the world, he said.
on the high 5 agenda of the afdb, the finance minister said it is not different from the indian policy.
if india is a bright spot, then africa is not very far away, he said.
afdb has adopted a strategy called high 5s, which focuses on five major developmental priorities comprising agriculture, energy, industrialisation, regional connectivity, and improved quality of life through access to social and economic opportunities.
prime minister narendra modi will tomorrow inaugurate the five-day annual meeting of the afdb group.
it is for the first time that the meeting is being held in india.
during india-africa forum summit 2015, the announcement of a $10 billion line of credit by the prime minister marked a new beginning in indias approach to engage with african countries in a more constructive manner.
on the occasion, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das stressed that africa is a continent of immense opportunities and said india and africa should focus on reviving global growth.
rakesh bharti mittal, president designate of industry body cii, said indian investments in africa in areas like telecom, it, automotive, infrastructure and construction and connectivity could boost and strengthen economic partnership.
calling the congress party the cry baby of this election, finance minister arunjaitley tuesday said the model code of conduct cannot encroach the right to free speech.
he said that political parties have developed a new tendency to excessively allege violation of the model code of conduct (mcc) by their opponents.
those complaining to the election commission about violation of model election code must keep in mind that right to free speech has not been diluted by the mcc in any way, arunjaitley noted.
the mcc cannot encroach the right to free speech.
the two have to exist harmoniously, arunjaitley wrote in a blogpost titled model code of conduct does not take away the right to free speech.
any power exercised by the election commission under article 324 cannot relate to areas which are covered by the legislation or regulation but will be confined to areas where legislation does not occupy any space, he said.
article 324 of the constitution gives to the election commission the power to take all necessary steps in order to ensure the conduct of free and fair elections.
of late, a tendency has developed amongst the political parties to excessively allege violation of the mcc by their opponents.
he said that while submitting memorandums on violation of the mcc with regard to political speech, the parties must bear in mind that the mcc cannot dilute the right to free speech.
modi, during an election rally in maharashtra on april 9, had said, can your first vote be dedicated to those who carried out the air strike.
i want to tell the first-time voters: can your first vote be dedicated to the veer jawans (valiant soldiers) who carried out the air strike in pakistan.
can your first vote be dedicated to the veer shaheed (brave martyrs) of pulwama (terror attack).
the election commission did not find any violation of its instructions on invoking armed forces in poll campaigns under the mcc in modis speech.
if such speeches are considered by anyone as violative of the mcc, that may actually run the danger of the mccs constitutionality in relation to free speech being called into question.
to avoid such a situation, the memorialist must keep in mind that the right to free speech has not been diluted by the mcc in any way, he said.
the congress had last month approached the ec seeking action against modis divisive speech in wardha on april 1 where he had reportedly said the opposition party was scared to field its leaders from constituencies where the majority dominates, indicating that the keralas wayanad constituency had more voters from the minority community.
he made the remark in reference to congress chief rahul gandhis decision to contest from a second lok sabha seat wayanad in kerala, in addition to his traditional constituency of uttar pradeshs amethi.
the election commission has given a clean chit to modi for his comments on demographic composition of wayanad.
they can call even an honest prime minister a chor.
others dont possess that right, he said.
at a rally in uttar pradesh on saturday, modi in his speech attacked rahul gandhi by invoking his father former prime minister rajiv gandhi.
your father was termed mr clean by his courtiers, but his life ended as bhrashtachari no 1, modi had said, drawing sharp criticisms from opposition leaders.
i have explained what the government has in mind with regard to the electoral bonds.
now the whole scheme itself .
.
.
will be after discussing with the rbi as to which is the designated bank, what is the duration of the bond, at what period of time, for how long it should be open before every election, he said after addressing the rbi board meet here.
now these are all minor details which will form part of the scheme that will come out after a detailed discussion, he added.
in budget 2017-18, the government proposed amendment to the rbi act to enable issuance of electoral bonds.
the government will amend the representation of people act to ensure secrecy of the electoral bond buyers, and soon notify the banks that will be eligible for issuing such bonds, besides coming out with guidelines for the same by march.
the bonds, which will resemble a promissory note and not an interest-paying debt instrument, will be sold by authorised banks and can be deposited in notified accounts of political parties within the duration of their validity.
so, every political party recognised by the election commission will have to notify one account in advance to the election commission and bonds can be encashed and redeemed in that one account.
delhi deputy chief minister manish sisodia said the national capital had been again deprived of its due share in the union budget, which was presented by finance minister arunjaitley in parliament on wednesday.
an allocation of rs 758 crore was made to delhi for the financial year 2017-18, which is the same as 2016-17.
read more| finance minister arunjaitley philosophy for budget 2017: spend more on success storiesdelhi has been deprived of its due from central share in this years budget too.
delhis share in central taxes remains stagnant for the 17th year at rs 325 crore, sisodia, who is also the finance minister of delhi, said.
in the pre-budget consultations of the centre with the finance ministers, sisodia had demanded that its share in central taxes be raised to rs 5,000 crore, besides suggesting that the centre compensate the state governments for their revenue losses due to demonetisation.
read more| budget 2017: can lower cash limit make political funding transparent?
critics mixedthe budget of nct of delhi has increased from 8,739 crore in the year 2001-02 to 46,600 crore in 2016-17, whereas the share in central taxes has remained frozen at 325 crore since 2001-02.
however, states are getting a share in central taxes every year based on the annual increase in collection of central taxes, an official said, adding that delhis contribution in central taxes is currently over 1 lakh crore.
the aap government also criticised the centre for not providing any separate allocation for the local bodies in the capital.
citys municipal corporations, especially the east and north civic bodies, have been facing acute cash crunch leading to regular strikes by the municipal staff over delay in payment of salary and arrears.
both the delhi government and the bjp-ruled civic bodies have been engaged in war of words over disbursal of adequate funds to the municipal corporations.
the allocation under share of central taxes has not changed for delhi for close to two decades.
the aap government has been vocal about an increase in the central share, even as the arvind kejriwal government has been on the warpath with the bjp government at the centreover a host of issues.
read more| budget 2017: arunjaitley halves income tax for those earning rs 2.
5l-rs 5lthe state government said not a single rupee has been enhanced in the budget 2017-18 for delhi by the centre.
the government of india has not earmarked any funds to local bodies in nct of delhi, although we had requested for allocation of 4,087 crore for the same, the government said in a statement.
officials said the government had requested an increase in the normal central assistance to at least rs 1,000 crore as revised estimate in the current year and 1,500 crore in 2017-18s budget estimate.
however, rs 412.
99 crore has been proposed by the centre under its normal central assistance, which is same as it is in the current year 2016-17.
sisodia also criticised the decision to cap cash donations to all political parties at 2,000.
post-demonetisation, even vegetable vendors have had to go cashless for transactions as small as 20.
why should political parties get a relaxation of up to rs 2,000?
the deputy cm said.
it will not be possible to achieve target of tax revenue in the current financial year and as a result all developmental works may suffer, sisodia had said.
withdraw central excise duty on busesdeputy chief minister sisodia had also suggested withdrawal of service tax at 15  which is applicable on 40  of the total revenue collected from air conditioned bus service imposed by the government of india.
finance minister arunjaitley presented the union budget 2017 in parliament today.
the main highlights of this years budget are higher allocation for rural, agricultural and allied sectors, giving a push to digital economy, increased funding for scheduled castes, affordable housing and a cap on political funding from a single source, among other measures.
there was no separate railway budget this year as arunjaitley presented both together.
markets reacted favourably to jaitleys speech and the sensex gained more than 300 points.
opposition parties, however, dismissed jailteys announcements as routine, with congress vice-president rahul gandhi calling it a damp squib.
read the full text of this years budget speech here:for latest updates, follow @httweets.
click here for full coverage of union budget 2017.
finance minister arunjaitley today reiterated that the centre is still aiming to roll out the goods and services tax (gst) regime from april 1 if all pending issues are sorted out.
gst, which is to subsume most of central and state taxes like excise, service tax and vat, needs to roll out by latest september 16, 2017, he said.
this because, under the constitutional amendment passed by parliament for the gst implementation, some of the existing levies would expire after september 16.
jaitley said the government was aiming to implement the new sales tax from april this year.
we would want it to be implemented from april if all issues are resolved.
there is a provision for gst implementation because constitutional amendment has been passed.
so its constitutional necessity that before september 16 it should be rolled out, he said on the sidelines of the vibrant gujarat global summit here.
gst, or a national sales tax, will replace a jumble of levies to create one of the worlds biggest single market.
a single tax will make it easier to do business in the worlds seventh-largest economy as also help combat evasion, boost revenue for the government.
but the rollout is struck because of differences between the centre and states over control and administration of the tax as also on how the states that face revenue shortfall because of the gst rollout would need to be compensated.
jaitley is hoping to resolve the issue of dual control of tax payers at the next meeting of the gst council on january 16.
we would want it to be implemented from april if all issues are resolved.
but implementing before september 16 is a necessity, he said.
the finance minister said the digitisation that got a leg up post demonetisation of old 500 and 1,000 rupee notes, together with gst will lead to expansion of formal economy and boost growth.
the two steps together will lead to a larger economy and a cleaner gdp.
i am hopeful that we will see the two this year, he said.
tourism is a big employment generator and has a multiplier impact on the economy.
the incredible indias second campaign will be launched across the world, he added.
november and december figures cannot be the representative period of this year.
what was available in december was that the remonetisation was still in initial stages.
at the same time, an integration of informal with formal had just began to expand.
i think in the subsequent months, you probably would see a greater indication of expansion of the formal economy, he added.
a month after the government went in for demonetisation, indias factory output contracted by (-)0.
4  during december, official data showed on friday.
the factory output, as per the index of industrial production (iip), had risen by 5.
7  in november 2016.
earlier, it encountered a (-)0.
9 per cent slide in the corresponding month of the previous year.
as per the iip data released by the central statistics office (cso), the contraction was mainly on account of a 2  decline in manufacturing output, which has the maximum weight in the overall index.
the data reflects the impact of the governments demonetisation drive which was launched on november 8, 2016.
the department of financial services is collecting details about money in atms. there might be a few operational issues in some locations.
.
.
i get report on a daily basis.
.
.
we are monitoring it so that these kinds of situations do not arise.
currency as of now is in surplus, there is no shortage, the minister said.
he was replying to queries on several atms, including in delhi, running dry.
financial services secretary anjuly chib duggal said her department is monitoring the situation on a daily basis on how much money was loaded in atms and how much is remaining that can be used further.
echoing arunjaitley , she said: as of now, there is no currency shortage or shortage at atms. it might be in cases of offsite atms because they are being loaded by the agents so there might be some gap in such cases.
post demonetisation there was a cap on withdrawal from atms, but gradually it has been eased.
however, there still exists a weekly cap of rs 24,000 on withdrawal from atms, in line with the ceiling on savings bank accounts.
rbi has announced that the rs 24,000 weekly cap will be enhanced to rs 50,000 from february 20.
all the limits on cash withdrawal will be removed on march 13.
indiaupdated: aug 06, 2019 21:29 istthe lok sabha on tuesday has vetted the governments move to immediately scrap article 370, a historical provision that had extended a special status to jammu and kashmir for nearly seven decades, and carve two union territories out of the himalayan state.
the two changes that would bring the state under the direct control of the centre, the government insists, would help curb terrorism backed by pakistan and fast track development.
the resolution to end special status for jammu and kashmir and the bill to split j&k into two centrally-administered territories were passed by more than 351 votes in favour of the motion, 72 against.
shah withdrew a third bill to extend 10 per cent quota in jobs and education for the poor to people in kashmir, pointing that this reservation would now extend to the people in j&k automatically.
home minister amit shah who led the governments move in parliament, described article 370 as a provision that had created a barrier between kashmir and the rest of the country.
this is why everyone keeps on repeating that kashmir is an integral part of india why dont we say that for tamil nadu or uttar pradesh.
.
.
.
because article 370 created suspicions, said shah.
watch: will embrace kashmiris: amit shah as ls passes bifurcation bill, scraps 370once this law and resolution on article 370 are passed, this hurdle would disappear, shah said in his response to a day-long debate in the lok sabha on the two provisions.
that the proposals would be passed by the lok sabha was never in doubt.
the bjp-led ruling coalition nda has an overwhelming majority in the lower house.
in the rajya sabha where it is still short of majority, the bill was passed by a two-third majority.
in a blog, former finance minister arunjaitley has suggested the public mood in favour of prime minister narendra modis kashmir policy had compelled many opposition parties to support the bill.
shah elaborated this point in lok sabha, stressing that expect for a handful of lawmakers, most opposition leaders who demanded continuation of article 370 did not spell out even one benefit that would accrue on account of this provision.
under article 370, laws by parliament do not automatically apply to jammu and kashmir, according to conditions under which it acceded to india, something governed by the so-called instrument of accession.
shah said the only purpose that article 370 served was to keep out 106 laws enacted by parliament for the benefit of people.
laws such as the one that empowers agencies to investigate corruption, guarantee right to education to children, the one that bans marriage of children or requires the government to take steps for the disabled.
turning to the people of kashmir, the home minister asserted that the government firmly shut the doors on the possibility of talks with the separatist hurriyat conference.
but people of the valley are our own.
we will embrace them and keep them with love.
if they have any doubts about this, we are ready to discuss with them, amit shah said.
the home minister also promised that the government was open to revisiting the union territory status for jammu and kashmir and restore statehood once normalcy returns.
to a demand by a opposition member by amit shah spell out a timeline, the home minister reminded the house that former prime minister jawaharlal nehru had promised that article 370 was being added as a temporary measure.
it has taken 70 years to remove this provision, shah said, adding that the nda surely did not have that kind of a time frame in mind.
over rs 16,200 crore in black money has been detected by the government after investigations on global leaks about indians stashing funds abroad, the parliament was informed on tuesday.
as a result of systematic investigations, undisclosed income of about rs 8,200 crore (including protective assessment of income of rs 1,497 crore) has been brought to tax in last two years on account of deposits made in unreported foreign bank accounts in hsbc.
there is no official estimation of quantum of black money stashed abroad by indians, he said.
the government is, however, committed to taking all possible measures to bring back black money stashed by indians in foreign countries, he said.
the black money (undisclosed foreign income and assets) and imposition of tax act, 2015 (the bm act) was enacted to specifically and effectively tackle the issue of black money stashed away abroad, the minister said.
the bm act provides for more stringent provisions of penalties and prosecutions in respect of black money stashed away abroad, he said.
further, under this law, for the first time the offence of wilful attempt to evade tax, etc.
in relation to undisclosed foreign income/assets has been made a scheduled offence for the purposes of the prevention of money-laundering act, 2002 (pmla), he added.
jaitley also listed a number of measures that have been put in place by the government to curb the menace of black money.
asserting that adequate capital will be made available for state-owned banks, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das today said every amount of tax payers money given would be linked to their performance.
acknowledging non-performing assets of banks as one of the challenges for the economy, he said, the easier solution people have been talking about the problem of balance sheet of the banks, the problem of npa is to provide more capital, inject more capital into the banks.
as on september 30, 2016 gross npas of public sector banks rose to rs 6,30,323 crore as against rs 5,50,346 crore by june end.
this represents an increase of rs 79,977 crore on quarter on quarter basis.
to clean up balance sheet, the government has announced plans to recapitalise the psu banks.
das wondered, are we going to inject simply more capital and encourage inefficiency or are we going to link up capital infusion with improvement in efficiency, with resolution of stressed asset.
the government has already announced fund infusion of rs 22,915 crore, out of the rs 25,000 crore earmarked for 13 psbs for the current fiscal.
of this, 75 per cent has already been released to them.
the first tranche was announced in july with the objective of enhancing their lending operations and enabling them to raise more money from the market.
i think every amount of tax payers money that goes into the bank will have to be performance linked.
that is precisely what the government is doing, he said at the launch of the oecd economic survey here.
while it continues to be on recapitalisation that need to be capitalised, the emphasis is perhaps more on linking it to performances, linking it to outcomes of the efforts taken by the banks, he said.
under indradhanush roadmap announced last year, the government will infuse rs 70,000 crore in state-owned banks over four years, while they will have to raise further rs 1.
1 lakh crore from the markets to meet their capital requirement in line with global risk norms basel-iii.
in line with the blueprint, rs 25,000 crore earmarked for the psbs in each fiscal, 2015-16 and 2016-17.
besides, rs 10,000 crore each would be infused in 2017-18 and 2018-19.
he also said the outcome of demonetisation has proved critics wrong as neither the gdp nor agricultural output suffered.
appreciating the rural masses for being flexible in adapting to technologies, the finance minister said, one great advantage of this whole exercise (demonetisation) was the movement towards digitisation.
and movement towards digitisation itself has created newer technologies, newer form of electronic modes of payments.
noting that there has been a debate going on for the last 26 years as to whether economic reforms have a political cost, he said it is being realised that reforms are benefiting rural population and have-nots.
i think one of the learning experiences has been that the advantage of that reform will reach the rural people.
thats the fundamental change taking place today, he said while dedicating 100 icici digital villages to the nation.
the advantages of the additional resources available with the state and of the entire economic activity also is reaching the village itself and therefore when that segment of society feels that they have been included in the process, the whole debate that the reform has political cost itself is dissipating, he said.
on demonetisation, the finance minister said india proved critics wrong as there was no 2  dip in gdp.
there was no disappearance of demand.
there was no agrarian crisis.
in fact, the agriculture sowing went up.
and suddenly you found the whole debate in this country taking a new turn.
i am personally very glad that some obsolete ideas are clashing with some newer ones, he said.
citing an example, he said, if somebody would say that electronic (voting) machines are terrible and we must go back to paper, we will eventually (know) what the conclusion of this debate is going to be.
or that cash currency is superior to any form of digitisation or for that matter arbitrary selection of individual is better than unique identity.
it would not be hard to guess who eventually will be the winner in this argument, he added without elaborating.
on the icici bank initiative, arunjaitley expressed hope that many other banks will emulate this experience.
icici bank has created 100 digital villages across the country.
the project, which also includes imparting skill training and providing credit linkages to people living there, was taken up by the bank after noticing that minimum inconvenience was caused to people living in a model digital village in gujarat during the demonetisation period.
government is mulling the merger of about half a dozen state-owned consultancy firms like engineering projects (india) ltd with engineers india ltd (eil) to create a mega consultancy firm that can take on the might of global giants like bechtel.
shares of eil rallied 6  on the back of this news.
there are close to a dozen psus that provide range of consultancy services - from education to epc -- and there is a scope of merging some of them to create a company of global standards, a senior government official said.
finance minister arunjaitley in his budget for 2017-18 has spoken about mergers and consolidation in the public sector.
we feel there should be one mega consultancy company providing services across portfolios, the official said.
while eil is the biggest state-controlled consultancy firm providing engineering consultancy and epc services principally focused on the oil and gas and petrochemical industries, engineering projects (india) ltd also provides turnkey execution of projects in the infrastructure space.
then there is mecon ltd that provides technical consultancy and project implementation in infrastructure and services sector.
in the telecom space, there is telecommunications consultants (india ltd) whereas wapcos provides consultancy and engineering, procurement and construction (epc) for water, power and infrastructure projects.
there is a case for merging the array of consultancy companies into engineers india ltd to create a mega company that will provide consultancy across the spectrum of projects, the official told pti.
the new company, as and when it emerges, can take up projects across sectors and compete with the likes of bechtel of the us and domestic majors like larsen & toubro (l&t).
we see opportunities to strengthen our central public sector enterprises (cpses) through consolidation, mergers and acquisitions.
by these methods, the cpses can be integrated across the value chain of an industry.
the official said that a merged entity would have opportunities to save on costs and improve operational efficiency.
it can also diversify into sectors not touched so far.
the merger could reduce inefficiencies across the sector.
it would also create an entity that is better placed to compete globally, he said adding such a consolidation would give the new entity much stronger bargaining power for projects.
shares of eil were trading 0.
37 per cent down at rs 150.
05 on bse.
plagued by huge bad loans problem, the government on monday said the reserve bank of india (rbi) is in an advanced stage of preparing a list of debtors whose cases will be taken up through the insolvency route for a speedy resolution.
rbi has constituted a committee which is working on resolution of npas.
there are 81 cases that have been filed under ibc.
of these, 18 cases have been initiated by financial creditors.
these are already before the national company law tribunal (nclt) and since the bulk of npas, about 70 per cent, are either in consortium or multiple banking arrangement, a speedy resolution is required, he said.
rbi deputy governor ss mundra, who was also present at the meeting, said rbi has already collected information of bad loan accounts from banks.
right now, the rbi is discussing on it.
information has already been collected on such accounts from banks, mundra said.
jaitley said that at the review meeting, various challenges to credit growth and their resolution were considered as the public sector banks state finances continued to be the major concern.
challenge with regard to credit growth was discussed and resolution also came up for consideration.
in the morning session, the most important item was with the state of finances of public sector banks (psbs) and npa resolution, he said.
in the detailed presentations made at the meeting, it emerged that in 2016-17, psbs have made a stable operating profit of rs 1.
5 lakh crore.
subject to various provisioning requirements, their net profit stood at rs 574 crore.
further, a review of financial inclusion schemes like mudra yojana, stand up india and cyber security was also done at the meeting here.
detailed discussions on movement towards digitalisation were also held and a presentation was made in this regard.
consolidation was not on agenda in todays meeting.
but we are actively working in that direction.
i cant give further details.
the income tax department has seized cash and valuables totalling rs 600 crore in search and survey operations post demonetisation of high value currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1000.
during the same period, more than 5,100 notices were issued for verification of suspicious high value cash deposits made in bank accounts, he said, adding that these actions led to seizure of cash and valuables of more than rs 610 crore.
he further said that the information collected was shared with other law enforcement agencies including the enforcement directorate and the cbi for appropriate action.
about 18 lakh persons have identified for such online verification and more than 12 lakh online responses from 8.
38 lakh distinct pans/persons have been received, he said.
in cases where explanation of source of cash is found justified, the verifications are to be closed.
the verifications are also to be closed if the cash deposit is declared under pradhan mantri garib kalyan yojna (pmgky).
enforcement actions in non-compliant cases are being taken as part of the on-going drive against tax evasion, which includes searches, surveys, verifications, assessment of income, levy of taxes, penalties and filing of prosecution complaints in criminal courts, wherever applicable, said jaitley.
the government scrapped the high value currency notes of rs 500/1000 with effect from mid-night of november 8 and permitted people to exchange and deposit scrapped notes in banks till december 30, 2016.
he also attributed the rise in the quantum of the npas to bringing on record the losses that were not being shown by the banks in their account books.
jaitleys statement came in response to a poser during the question hour in rajya sabha by congress leader and former finance minister p chidambaram, wanting to know how many loans given to banks after may, 1, 2014 have become npas.
it is absolutely clear that the bulk of the npas today have arisen out of loans which were given prior to 1.
4.
earlier, samajwadi party mp, neeraj shekhar sought the governments reply on why the npas that were termed as a scam during the upas tenure had risen from rs 2 lakh crore to rs 9 lakh crore.
jaitley informed the upper house that the rise in the quantum was on account of an exercise carried out by the government while examining the npas and found out that several banks had extended their loans.
rbi found out that in the books these were loans, but were assets that were non- performing.
on the action being taken by the government to fix responsibility, jaitely said the government is taking the necessary steps by fixing criminal cases and initiating recovery processes.
only when a loan remains non-performing after four years, and the bank feels that the chances of its recovery are slim, it changes the category of the loan.
but the debtors responsibility is to pay back remains.
the bank does this provisioning to get relief in the income tax, he said.
the finance minister said that in the asset quality review undertaken by the reserve bank of india (rbi) in 2015, it found that in the non-performing loans there were cases where the banks did aggressive lending, or did not do proper risk assessment and there were also cases of wilful default.
jaitley on cryptocurrenciesthe finance minister also informed the rajya sabha that bitcoins and other forms of cryptocurrencies are not legal tender in the country and this has been the governments stated position since 2013.
the government has as latest as december 29 cautioned investors to be wary of virtual currencies he said.
these (currencies) operate online and are of various kind, there are 785 virtual currencies identified world wide and 11 such in india.
on the actions being taken by the government to crackdown on the use of cryptocurrencies he said, an inter-departmental committee has been set up under the chairmanship of the secretary, department of economic affairs, the report of which is awaited.
he, however, said the idea of ubi does not seem to be a feasible policy option at this point of time given the political limitations.
while inaugurating the one-week teachers workshop at the indian institute of technology (iit), delhi, the minister also emphasised policy makers to continuously upgrade their knowledge on different subjects.
i think its equally meant for policy makers because they should also be acquainted with the facts for informed policy making, he noted.
on innovative ideas of the survey, he said it remains a challenge on how to allocate subsidies in a targeted manner.
this year also it (survey) initiated a very important idea as to how do we subsidise.
.
.
substitute the entire set of subsidies.
.
.
we want to replace it by a universal basic income (to a defined section of poor) and that ubi expedites their pulling out of the present state of poverty that they live in.
the survey, prepared by chief economic adviser arvind subramanian, also strongly pushed for a bad bank in which all non-performing assets of the banks are vested so that the rest of the banking system could carry on with its own activities, he said.
i have been having debates with him on both his current suggestions.
im fully supportive of his idea (ubi) but realising limitations of indian politics, i have always expressed to him the fear that once he moots ideas like the ubi, we will be landing in a situation where people will stand up in parliament and demand continuation of the present subsidies and over and above that lets have the ubi, something that the budget will not be able to afford, he said.
the finance minister said that the economic survey, which precedes budget by a day, is not a propaganda material but highlights the stark reality of the economic situation.
the document had traditional format, but in the past two years dr subramanian and his team have deviated from the traditional format.
its drafted differently.
in addition to analysing present state of affairs, it also always contains a chapter or two which are provocative, he said.
indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 14:43 istarun jaitleys death on saturday plunged his friends and opponents in politics commoners alike into mourning.
president ram nath kovind led the country in paying tributes to the former finance minister and bjp stalwart.
extremely saddened by the passing of shri arunjaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
a brilliant lawyer, a seasoned parliamentarian, and a distinguished minister, he contributed immensely to nation building.
his passing leaves a huge void in our public life and our intellectual ecosystem, president kovinf tweeted.
shri arunjaitley possessed a unique ability of discharging the most onerous responsibility with poise, passion and studied understanding.
his passing leaves a huge void in our public life and our intellectual ecosystem.
condolences to his family and associates #presidentkovind  president of india (@rashtrapatibhvn) august 24, 2019prime minister narendra modi who is in dubai said he had lost a valued friend.
jaitley who had been battling a series of illnesses had opted out of the government in the ndas second term earlier this year.
he died of multiple organ failure at the all india institute of medical sciences in delhi on saturday, two weeks after he was admitted on august 9.
vice president m. venkaiah naidu described arunjaitley as an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrity.
outstanding parliamentarian, legal luminary, towering intellectual, an able administrator & a man of impeccable integrity, shri arunjaitley distinguished himself by effectively handling important portfolios as union minister in the cabinets of shri.
a. b vajpayee & shri narendra modi  vicepresidentofindia (@vpsecretariat) august 24, 2019union home minister amit shah who was closely associated with arunjaitley cut short his visit to hyderabad to return to delhi.
he described the former finance minister as a family member.
deeply pained by the demise of #arunjaitley ji.
it is like a personal loss for me.
i have not only lost a senior party leader but also an important family member who will forever be a guiding light for me, shah tweeted.
defence minister rajnath singh said arunjaitley was an asset to the government and the party organisation.
arun arunjaitley ji served the nation in several capacities and he was an asset to the government and the party organisation.
he always had a deep and clear understanding of the issues of the day.
his knowledge and articulation won him several friends.
rajnath singh (@rajnathsingh) august 24, 2019the congress also tweeted its condolences.
we are deeply saddened to hear the passing of shri arun jaitley.
our condolences to his family.
our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief, it said.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal who lost a defamation suit to arunjaitley said his death was a loss to the nation.
untimely demise of former fm and senior leader sh arunjaitley ji is a huge loss to the nation.
a legal luminary and an experienced political leader known for his governance skills will be missed by the country.
thoughts and prayers with his family in this moment of grief.
rip  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) august 24, 2019congress mp shahshi tharoor said despite political differences he had arunjaitley enjoyed a healthy mutual respect.
deeply saddened by the tragic passing of my friend&delhiuniv senior @arunjaitley.
we first met when he was at dusu& i was president of ststephenscollegeunion.
despite political differences we enjoyed a healthy mutual respect&debated his budget often in ls.
a great loss4india pic.
twitter.com/rzxo1v6ntv  shashi tharoor (@shashitharoor) august 24, 2019another congress leader, kapail sibal said as leader of opposition arunjaitley was without matchvery sorry to learn that arunjaitley is no more .
an old friend and a dear colleague will be remembered for his seminal contributions to the polity and as fm of india .
as leader of opposition he was without match .
he always stood steadfastly for his friends and for his party, tweeted.
former karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy said the bjp leaders contribution to nation building is immense.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee who is a bitter opponent of the bjp said she was saddened jaitleys death.
extremely saddened at the passing away of arunjaitley ji, after a battle bravely borne.
an outstanding parliamentarian & a brilliant lawyer, appreciated across parties.
his contribution to indian polity will be remembered.
my condolences to his wife, children, friends & admirers  mamata banerjee (@mamataofficial) august 24, 2019union minister smriti irani described the late leader as a stalwart who paid tribute to his simple beginnings by helping those with meagre means.
holding of more than 10 scrapped notes of rs 500/1000 denomination will be punishable with a minimum fine of rs 10,000, according to a new bill introduced in the lok sabha on friday with an aim of eliminating the possibility of running a parallel economy using these.
the bill, to replace the ordinance promulgated on december 30, also provides for a minimum fine rs 50,000 for false declaration by persons who were abroad during the demonetisation period (november 9 - december 30, 2016) and given time to deposit the scrapped notes with rbi till march 31.
once passed by parliament, possession of more than 10 pieces of the old notes by individuals and more than 25 pieces for study, research or numismatics purpose will be a criminal offence attracting fine of rs 10,000 or five times the cash held, whichever is higher.
the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, which seeks to end the liability of rbi and the government on the currency notes demonetised in november last, was introduced by finance minister arunjaitley amid stiff opposition by trinamool congress, which called it illegal and anti-national.
giving rationale behind the legislation, the document placed before lok sabha says it is aimed at eliminating the possibility of running a parallel economy using the scrapped notes.
there is a possibility of running in a parallel economy by unscrupulous elements with specified bank notes unless the possession of such notes is declared illegal, it said.
the bill states that the government took the demonetisation decision on the recommendations of the rbis central board to eliminate unaccounted money and fake currency notes from the financial system.
the bill prohibits the holding, transferring or receiving of such notes from december 31, 2016 and seeks to confer power upon the court of a first class magistrate to impose penalty.
introduction of the bill was opposed by trinamool congress leader saugata roy, triggering a banter between him and arunjaitley who questioned the ground on which roy was opposing the move.
roy then took a jibe at arunjaitley , saying the minister was not aware of the lok sabha rules as he was never its member.
jaitley is a member of the rajya sabha.
the jibe evoked strong objections from the treasury benches with parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar saying the finance minister is an esteemed member of the cabinet and adjudged outstanding parliamentarian.
allowed by speaker sumitra mahajan to express his objection, roy said the bill is illegal as the demonetisation statement made by prime minister narendra modi was without any notification and it should have come from the rbi as it is the central bank which promises to pay the bearer of a currency note its real value.
it is outside the ministers legislative competence.
it (bill) is anti-national.
.
.
having never been a member of this house, he does not understand its rules, he said.
jaitley said roy was incorrect in several aspects and cited the law under which the demonetisation notification was introduced to asset that the due process was followed.
he then took a counter dig at roy, saying it will add to his parliamentary experience as now he is getting to learn.
the issue of demonetisation had virtually washed out the winter session.
there were signs of anxiety in the market as the sensex today slumped 194 points ahead of the budget -- to be presented on wednesday -- to a one-week low of 27,656 and the nifty slipped below 8,600 after the economic survey projected a lower growth of 6.
5 per cent for 2016-17.
the recently introduced immigration restrictions by us president donald trump and the new legislation that aims to rework the h1-b visa programme dealt a blow to it stocks, which saw a big fall.
tcs, wipro and infosys dropped by up to 4.
47 per cent, dragging down the bse it index by 2.
96 per cent, followed by technology that tanked 2.
49 per cent.
the economic survey for 2016-17, tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley today, underscored the need for more reforms.
its gdp growth forecast for this fiscal is lower than the 7.
1 per cent put out by the central statistics office earlier this month.
the sensex closed down 193.
60 points, or 0.
70 per cent, at 27,655.
96, its lowest closing since january 24 when the figure was 27,375.
58.
it had lost 33 points in the previous session.
the broad-based nse nifty, which hit a low of 8,552.
40 intra-day, managed to cut down losses and ended lower 71.
45 points, or 0.
83 per cent, at 8,561.
30.
the risk-averse behaviour was on display as participants took cues from global stocks that remained on the backfoot following trumps controversial crackdown on immigration.
the economic survey failed to impress investors who opted for keeping their commitments at a low ebb and wait for the the budget, said manoj choraria, a delhi-based stock broker.
gail, adani ports, sun pharma, tata motors, coal india, lupin, axis bank and ntpc were among those that weighed.
sectoral indices such as oil and gas (1.
64 per cent), psu (1.
39 per cent), healthcare (1.
38 per cent), infrastructure (1.
31) per cent and metal (1.
01 per cent) all turned weak.
selling activity also extended to the broader markers, with the bse midcap falling 1.
10 per cent and the smallcap 1.
03 per cent.
according to provisional figures, foreign investors bought shares worth rs 607.
36 crore yesterday.
there were a few that went up cushioning the fall, which include itc, powergrid, bajaj auto, ongc and hdfc bank.
in asia, most markets were closed today for a public holiday.
japans nikkei ended lower by 1.
69 per cent.
european markets, however, were trading higher as major indices in france, germany and the uk moved up.
prime minister narendra modi has asked taxmen to take necessary steps against those with benami properties and focus on broadening the tax net.
in a review meeting with officials of the tax department on tuesday, the prime minister, sources said, also underlined the need to reduce human interface and adopt measures that do not lead to harassment.
on november 8, 2016, the government had demonetised rs 500 and rs 1000 notes with a stated purpose of cracking down on black money.
they came under severe criticism from the opposition parties that claimed that large chunk of black money was in the form of benami properties.
it was a good meeting and presentations were made on the actions taken after demonetization to address the issue of black money.
.
the meeting was to take stock of the situation and review the overall functioning of the department, said a senior government official, who did not wish to be identified.
the government, which launched the pradhan mantri garib kalyan yojanathe second and a more stringent income disclosure schemehas got tepid response with only about 24,000 declarations coming in this time against around 65,000 in the earlier scheme.
there has also been some cause for concern due to this and this was also reviewed, the official said.
last month, the income tax department unveiled a one-page income tax return form unveiled by the government on friday includes a separate section for cash deposits of rs 2 lakh and more between november 9 and december 30.
the income tax department, which already has exhaustive information on deposits made by the citizens between november 9 and december 30, 2016, would also check the amount of money deposited by their spouses and other members of the family.
besides, modi also took stock of the preparedness for the implementation of the nationwide goods and services tax.
the government intends to implement the goods and services tax (gst) from july 1.
according to sources, finance minister arunjaitley , along with revenue secretary hasmukh adhia and other senior revenue officials, were present in the meeting with the prime minister.
finance minister arunjaitley has favoured disinvestment of the loss-making air india, saying the airlines market share is just around 14  whereas the debt burden is rs 50,000 crore.
this is the clearest indication yet from the current nda regime on possible stake sale in air india, which is staying afloat on taxpayers money.
to run air india, around rs 50,000 crore have been put in and that money could have been used for promoting education, the minister added.
in this country, if 87 or 86 per cent flying can be handled by the private sector.
.
.
according to him, of the total debt, around rs 20,000- 25,000 crore are related to aircraft valuation.
what to do with the remaining amount.
.
.
air india also has some assets, he said even as he emphasised that the civil aviation ministry is making all efforts to explore all the possibilities.
jaitley further said that when he was civil aviation minister for a brief period during 1999-2000, he pitched for disinvestment of air india arguing that if it was not done, nothing will be left to disinvest.
that was around 18 years ago.
air india, which is surviving on a rs 30,000-crore bailout package spread over 10 years announced by the manmohan singh government in 2012, is working on ways to improve its financial position.
in 2015-16, the airline posted operational profit of rs 105 crore on account of low fuel prices and increased passenger numbers.
last fiscal, the airline is estimated to have earned a total revenue of rs 21,000 crore while passenger revenue stood at rs 16,500 crore.
while rumours of the government selling stake in the national carrier have been doing the rounds, there has been no official word on the same.
the civil aviation ministry has been maintaining that it wants the airline to survive.
in the past also, there have been at least two significant attempts for disinvestment of air india, but those efforts did not materialise.
last week, civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju said air indias books are bad, and business as usual is not going to help it, but the government wants the airline to survive.
he had also said the airline was grappling with legacy issues.
canadas defence minister harjit sajjan, the highest-profile indo-canadian in the justin trudeau government, is expected to travel to new delhi this month.
with sajjans trip, all the four indian-origin members of the canadian cabinet would have visited india since their appointment as ministers.
the last one to come calling was small business and tourism minister bardish chagger, who completed her official visit to india last week.
sajjans visit and schedule have yet to be formally announced, but if it does occur, he will also be the fifth canadian minister to be in india just this year, and the eighth within the span of only nine months, upping the intensity of the bilateral dialogue process.
canadian ministers who visited india in 2017 minister of infrastructure and communities, amarjeet sohi, led a business delegation to the vibrant gujarat summit 2017minister of international trade, franois-philippe champagne, travelled to new delhiminister of agriculture and agri-food lawrence macaulay led a delegation of over 20 canadian companies and associations active in the agriculture, agri-food and seafood sectors.
bardish chagger, canadas minister of small business and tourism and leader of the government in the house of commons, travelled to new delhi and mumbai.
indias defence ties with canada are at a nascent stage, but it could benefit from the north american nations technological skills, cold climate expertise, and even explore the possibility of canadian defence manufacturers becoming part of the make in india initiative.
while he would not comment on or confirm any forthcoming visits, indias high commissioner in ottawa, vikas swarup, was delighted with this rising engagement.
weve had a lot of activity between the two countries and this augurs well really for the future of the india-canada partnership.
it shows the tremendous interest on the part of canada in deepening the ties with india and making it as broadbased as possible.
those who are engaged in the partnership welcome the attention canada is paying to india.
kasi rao, president and ceo of the canada-india business council or c-ibc, said, the number of ministers and the diversity of portfolios represents the need for a broad country-to-country relationship.
and the rise of india, in that sense, is deeply relevant to canada.
all of this speaks to the widening scope of the relationship.
in an earlier statement announcing chaggers visit, the canadian high commission in new delhi noted that it was the seventh in the last eight months by a cabinet minister of prime minister justin trudeaus government, a reflection of the importance of canadas relationship with india.
rao also stressed that this phenomenon wasnt about government leaders alone, as he said the combined attention of leaders from various sectors, business, government and academia, speaks to both the potential and how we can realise it in the coming years.
canada may also seek to diversify its relationships, given the uncertainty surrounding the policies of the trump administration in washington.
rao asserted, the united states will always be our primary market and we should be very clear about that, but he added that in a world which is sort of more inward looking, the canada-india relationship is ready for some important breakthroughs.
meanwhile, as the visits multiply, there could be reciprocal visits to canada by indian ministers to add to those by finance minister arunjaitley and commerce minister nirmala sitharaman last autumn.
we do expect a packed schedule this summer as well, swarup said.
of course, the single-most anticipated item on the calendar will be trudeaus visit to india, which is likely in the second half of this year.
primarily, we discussed issues relating to markets .
.
.
subjects related to future agenda, some of which are sebis own agenda because of various evolutions in markets and technologies and some of which are necessitated by budget announcements.
.
.
it is those subjects which we have discussed at the meeting today, the minister said.
minister of state for finance arjun ram meghwal and sebis chairman designate ajay tyagi, currently additional secretary in finance ministry, were also present.
sebis current chairman u k sinha was present in the meeting along with other board members and top officials of the regulatory body.
sinhas term would end on march 1, after which tyagi will take over.
besides chairman, sebis board comprises whole-time members, independent directors and nominees from finance ministry, corporate affairs ministry and the reserve bank.
sebi was established in 1992 in accordance with the provisions of the securities and exchange board of india act, 1992.
it was set up with a mandate to protect the interests of investors in securities and to promote the development of, and to regulate the securities market and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto.
besides regulating stock exchanges and other market infrastructure institutions, sebi also regulates and supervises various kinds of market entities including brokers, mutual funds, fiis, rating agencies and investment bankers, as also thousands of listed companies.
sebi has also been given charge of regulating commodity derivatives market after merger of erstwhile forward markets commission (fmc) with it.
i guess it was bound to happen.
arun jaitleys steps to clean up political funding have met with a sharply polarised response.
his admirers claim they are a far-reaching first step worthy of praise.
his critics believe he is effectively pulling the wool over our eyes.
so where does the truth lie?
perhaps its easier to answer that question if you examine mr jaitleys measures in terms of two criteria: do they make political funding cleaner, in other words with a great proportion of legitimate tax-paid funds?
and do they make political funding more transparent, that is to say known to all of us?
the decision to reduce the amount of money a political party can receive in cash from any one source from rs 20,000 to rs 2,000 looks like a major step that should make funding cleaner.
after all this is what the election commission asked for.
but think carefully and the answer could be somewhat different.
read: cleaning up poll funding should not remain a sloganpolitical parties can still receive donations of up to rs 2,000 and remember they are anonymous.
no names need to be declared.
so if cash donations above that sum are received all that political parties need to do is claim they came in smaller lots of rs 2,000 or less.
because donations in cash have not been made illegal and because the veil of anonymity continues its quite possible, indeed likely, that the amount of money received in cash will remain unchanged, except it will now be claimed it came in donations of no more than rs 2,000.
i dont see much cleaning up here nor any transparency.
the other big step is the decision to create electoral bonds, issued by the reserve bank on cheque or digital payment, which can be credited to the authorised accounts of political parties whilst retaining the anonymity ofthe donor.
again, at first sight, this sounds like a great idea.
but is it?
read: cash donation limit, bonds to reform polls fail to impress experts, partiesfirst, to be honest, mr arunjaitley has ensured a 100  cleaning up.
because the bonds will be bought by cheque or digital payment they can only be bought by tax-paid and not black money.
alas, the second half of the story is very different.
because the anonymity of donors is guaranteed there will be no transparency.
this breaches the principle that in a democracy we have a right to know who is funding political parties and with what amounts.
in fact, the sad truth is by this measure mr arunjaitley has actually diminished the transparency that used to exist.
up till now all donations above 20,000 had to be declared, which means the names of the donors were made public.
now, through these electoral bonds, the names of individuals or companies that make donations  be they rs 2001, rs 2 lakh, rs 20 lakh or rs 20 crore  will not be disclosed.
this is undoubtedly a retrograde outcome.
read: not consistent with indian reality: govt, oppn differ on state funding of pollsperhaps the worst part is this is not something mr arunjaitley accidentally overlooked but, i believe, his actual intention.
as his budget speech said: donors have  expressed reluctance in donating by cheque or other transparent methods as it would disclose their identity.
so hes chosen to protect their identity at the cost of transparency.
one last point: why has the provision by which political parties are exempt from income tax payment not been repealed?
quite simply, why should political parties be treated differently to the rest of us?
bharatiya janata party president amit shah admits that there is no soft side to him and says that national politics is serious business, which he doesnt do for fun.
the 54-year-old gandhinagar lok sabha candidate has canvassed for his party in no less than 290 constituencies to date in this election season.
in the past five years, shah has also visited almost all districts in india save a couple of remote ones in arunachal pradesh and has stayed a night in as many as 212 districts.
hindustan timess shishir gupta spent a day on the campaign trail with the bjp president in sonepat, panipat, pathankot, chandigarh and patna and asked him a range of questions on the prospects of his party, the nda and about the performance of the narendra modi government.
edited excerpts:q : in 2014 lok sabha elections, the bjp alone won 282 seats.
will this number increase or go down?
what is your assessment after five rounds of polling?
the 282 number will be breached by a large margin by the bjp; even the tally of the nda will go up.
our analysis of the rounds of voting complete shows that not only the number of seats but also the winning margin will increase and the spread of the bjp/nda will increase in terms of area.
also watch | congress versus bjp | should sc intervene over alleged ec bias?
q: why do you think people will vote for the bjp?
firstly, the public has faith and confidence in prime minister narendra modi.
we can perceive the enthusiasm among the electorate in making modi pm again.
secondly, the modi government has done all-round development.
this is matched by taking india up the global ladder in terms of gdp growth and making the country proud.
besides, pm modi has assured 125 crore indians that his government is committed to national security, which is the topmost priority of his regime -- whether it is taking tough decisions on jammu and kashmir or being the most successful government in handling international diplomacy and challenges.
in all these issues, the public has seen sweeping positive change from the past.
i feel that in pm modi, people have found a leader who can be sensitive, yet has the capacity to take tough decisions.
q: as evident in your rallies today, you have made national security a major election issue.
do you really believe that national security is a vote catcher?
since the 1990s, the public has wanted national security to be a priority.
they were longing for a focused strategy, where, diplomatically, india could boldly present its views to other countries and at the same time strike at the source of terror.
till recently, all the wars against terror were fought on indian soil.
we have suffered on this count.
it is only under modi that india has struck twice at the place of origin of terrorists in form of the 2016 surgical strike and 2019 airstrike at balakot.
when the surgical strike happened, defence experts from all over said that it was a fluke and not policy.
after the airstrike, the same experts agree that this is the defence policy of india and narendra modi.
for the first time since independence, the countrys diplomatic policy has been separated from its defence policy.
this is why national security is an important issue.
not that other issues have been side-lined.
the 22 crore beneficiaries of the bjp government know that it is modi who has given them their due.
they also know that only modi can give their due to those who are left behind.
besides, there have been agricultural reforms with increased rate of growth, increased coverage of irrigation, faster infrastructure development with 2.
5 times increase in road and 2.
25 times increase in railroad construction.
q: the congress says that even it conducted six surgical strikesnobody says this except congress president rahul gandhi.
q: but former prime minister manmohan singh has also said the same?
congress has to follow the footsteps of rahul gandhi.
q: the opposition has questioned the timing of un designation of jaish-e-mohammed (jem) chief masood azhar as a global terrorist in the midst of general electionsyou mean to say that uns 1267 committee should have postponed the meeting and waited for the 2019 lok sabha elections to get over.
the terror tag on masood azhar is the biggest diplomatic victory of narendra modi and it comes after the world community recognised indias right to self defence after the february 14 pulwama suicide attack and the balakot retaliation.
it has also recognised that pakistan is sheltering terrorists and terror groups.
q: will the masood listing help you in the 2019 elections?
it is an achievement of the modi government, so why should we not take electoral advantage of it.
q : in the 2014 elections and all through the assembly elections since, we heard the term social engineering when it came to wining elections.
the term seems not so much in vogue now?
it is not that the term is missing but bjp does not need to do social engineering frequently as the party has become inclusive -- all sections of society finds representation in our party.
in the past five years there has been a development that will strengthen democracy  elections are no longer a prisoner of caste, dynasties and appeasement.
narendra modi, through his politics of performance has got rid of these ulcers.
q : do you think politics of performance or development will work in a country where people vote in the name of caste and religion ?
there are many examples to counter this -- for instance assam, manipur and most importantly uttar pradesh where bjp got 325 assembly seats without projecting any caste leader.
we got good results in those states as we worked towards solving grievances of the people without keeping caste, creed or religion in mind.
q: so you think that caste equations will not matter even in up and bihar in the on-going election?
i have not said that.
i am saying this time voting in these states is not predominantly on caste.
caste-based parties are losing influence.
today, the public understands that caste based parties will help only their caste.
in up for instance, when samajwadi party comes to power, one caste gets a boost, similarly bsp majority helps only its supporting caste.
the remaining 80 castes remain neglected.
bjp with its saabka saath, sabka vikas mantra has been able to transcend castes by doing development work without asking caste of the beneficiary.
also read: lok sabha elections 2019: diplomacy and defence policy are not linked now, says amit shahq: tell me three reasons why people should vote for bjp?
first, bjp has a strong leader, while the opposition leadership is in tatters.
the public wants to know the leader or pm candidate of the diverse parties opposing modi.
in contrast, we have given a strong, decisive leader, the most popular indian mass leader since independence.
to add to this, the nda recognises and accepts the leadership of modi.
second, we have made the 50 crore poor in this country realise that they have a stake in the country.
these 50 crore did not have a house, electricity, drinking water, cooking gas, toilets for women and health benefits.
today, every poor person has these facilities in 165000 villages due to the bjp government at centre.
there are 22 crore beneficiaries whose life has been positively impacted by this change.
third, as opposed to indecisive or leaderless governments in the past, our decisive leadership has addressed the challenges related to economy, defence, infrastructure, agriculture, or poverty alleviation on every platform or level.
q: there is one school of thought that says the bjp will end up with 180 seats in 2019 elections leaving the space for opposition to cobble up an alternative.
this theory was active in the run-up to the 2014 results.
first, they said the bjp will not make modiji a pm candidate, then they said lack of full majority will block modi as pm, then they said modi will not be able to form a stable government.
the same people said bjp will lose gujarat and up.
this time also, the public will smash all their illusions.
q: the bjp announced a farm pay out.
the congress has promised a nyay scheme.
can we say that india is slowly moving towards a cash transfer/payout system like universal basic income when it comes to welfare?
to link the bjps scheme with a vote catching plan of the opposition, to my mind is due to lack of proper information.
in this country, there are 15 crore farmers who have small to large holdings.
out of these 15 crore, only three crore get loans and remaining get nothing as they do not have requisite holding to qualify for loan.
these are marginal farmers, who take loans from money-lenders on very high interest rates.
this is one of the reasons for farmer suicides.
a committee set up by nabard found that the input cost for small and marginal farmers was rs 6000 per year for two crops.
just as new industry is promoted by viability gap funding, we decide to respect the farmer by giving him rs 6000 per year so that he/she did not have to go to the money-lender.
this is not a gift.
this is just a tonic for the farmer to keep tilling his small piece of land.
you will be committing a big mistake if you compare this with cash transfer.
modi government schemes are not doles for votes but serious attempts to lift the status of the beneficiary.
q: data shows that the increase in minimum support prices (msps) has not really helped the farmers.
not enough is being procured.
what do you see as a long term sustainable solution?
your information is half baked on this issue.
wheat and rice constitute 60  crop in india.
today, the procurement of these two staple crops is done at 1.
5 times its input cost.
we have added 24 new crops, eight months ago but the full implementation of this novel scheme requires 1.
5-2 years with the help of centre-state governments.
my firm belief is that the farmers will be able to get 1.
5 times input price for 24 crops, rabi and kharif crops.
this is just a beginning.
we have told the farmer that government is with you as 70  of crops such as dal from gujarat, bajra from maharashtra, ragi in karnataka are being purchased by centre and states.
i believe that media should play a positive role in taking this modi initiative to farmers.
q: you have talked about getting rid of article 370, 35a in order to integrate jammu and kashmir?
are your nda allies on board with this?
bjp is totally committed on getting rid of these two articles.
we are firm.
we will take our allies on board by explaining to them.
this is our concrete promise to indian public.
the same applies to our uniform civil code promise.
q: how committed are you to women reservation bill, ram temple and citizenship amendment bill (cab)?
for women reservation bill, we need consensus among all political parties.
it will not happen till this agreement is reached.
but we will make all attempts to get all political parties on board.
we will definitely bring the cab and get it cleared through rajya sabha too.
q : when will it happen?
one more round of up/bihar of rajya sabha polls and things will change in favour of the bjp (in the upper house).
q : on ram mandir?
the supreme court has ordered eight weeks of mediation, which will end in june 2019.
the case will be taken up after vacation.
we will wait for the results.
i have firm belief that the supreme court will take the route taken by allahabad high court.
q: sadhvi pragya thakur was a terror accused, she is on bail, yet you chose her to contest lok sabha elections from bhopal?
why?
please study the charge sheet of sadhvi pragya.
she has not been accused of planting a bomb but being part of a conspiracy meeting for malegoan, samajhauta express and mecca masjid blasts.
the judgment in mecca masjid and samajhauta express blast has come.
court has dismissed the conspiracy meeting as imagination, bereft of any evidence.
the conspiracy theory has been rejected by two indian courts and they have said that there is no such thing as hindu terror.
since two courts have rejected the conspiracy, there is no need to count sadhvi as an accused.
sadhvi got a lok sabha ticket as a riposte to congress vote bank politics by defaming the hindu religion by adding the word terror to it.
and to expose this, there was no better seat as hindu terror is the brainchild of congress leader digvijaya singh (the candidate from bhopal).
sadhvi pragyas candidature is bjps satyagraha against fake hindu terror.
i believe let the people also give their judgement after the courts have given it.
q: since you say that the nda/bjp is coming to power in 2019, what role in future you envisage for yourselves?
you are a very successful party president and have been a state home minister for six years in the pastas far as i am concerned, i am a log in a river that is bjp.
it is for the party to decide, as a log will get swept away if it tries to forge its own course.
in my party, individuals dont take decisions .
q : if you come to power again, will you address the perceived weak bench strength of the cabinet?
i dont believe that a very good performance of modi government could have been possible if we had a weak bench.
strength of ministers should not be judged on their accessibility to media but on their performance.
union cabinet is a prerogative of the pm.
changes in the new government should not be seen in the context of success or failure but representation of states in the new elected members.
q: you did not give lok sabha tickets to the former chief ministers of chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan?
why?
there was no such proposal from the state unit.
and all three are putting their energies into making the party win from their respective states.
all three are vice president in the central bjp and contributing to the electoral might of bjp.
q: the opposition has been relentlessly targeting the modi government about a lack of jobs?
some say the numbers have gone down to the lowest in 45 years.
there is confusion as we are trying to analyse our data with the same parameters used in small countries.
giving permanent jobs to all 125 crore indian is impossible.
the government has come up with innovative schemes for self-employment.
through mudra bank, 18 crore loans were given out as loan this year.
opposition tries to laugh away some of this, saying 12 crore of these were small loans of rs 50,000 and less.
it is another matter that an individual can be gainfully employed even with rs 50,000 as seed money.
of the remaining six crore, three crore were for loans of more than four lakhs each.
if three crore get loans of more than four lakh rupees, then it is safe to presume that at least one more person would get employed in each of these cases.
mamata bannerjee said that she gave employment to over 60 lakh individuals but the total figure of india is not 60 lakhs.
this leads to the question of whether west bengal is part of india or not?
up has also given jobs.
job data analyses for a 125 crore country cannot be done on the parameters used in netherlands and england.
and then there is common sense.
if roads are getting laid at 2.
5 times the speed in the past then are robots making the roads?
railroad work is increased by 2.
25 times, so is a super human making our rail network?
optical fibre has been laid in 100,000 villages, then who is doing the manual work?
is jobless growth rate possible when indian was the fastest growing economy in the past five years?
manmohan singh left the indian economy at number 11 position among the biggest economies of the world, we took it to number 6 and i believe we will overtake uk once the march data is out.
will this not generate jobs?
i am not an economist like (former finance minister) p chidambaram but a layman with common sense enough to tell you that this canard is being spread as they have no real issue to tackle narendra modi.
q : while on controversies, congress president rahul gandhi has publicly stated that his slogan is still chowkidar chor hai in the context of rafale dealonly yesterday, finance minister arunjaitley , in a press conference, accused a partner of rahul gandhi of getting defence contracts.
he should answer those allegations first as there is documentary evidence.
you are accusing the government on the rafale deal, which is neither concurred by the sc, the cag or documetary evidence.
and if rahul gandhi had documentary evidence or facts, he should have put it up before the court when the rafale case was being heard.
he is relying only on press conference and blatant accusations.
unsubstantiated allegations do not stick to leaders, particularly narendra modi whose life has been of an honest politician.
public knows modiji as well as the gandhi family.
gandhi family has to answer a whole lot of questions.
they are on bail and have been served an it notice for showing less income to the tune of 400 crores.
q: how do you read the elections in west bengal?
we will definitely cross the halfway mark of lok sabha seats in west bengal.
there is a huge change happening in bengal with people upset with appeasement vote bank politics of didi.
not only is the democracy being throttled in bengal, but its culture is being destroyed.
q : political analysts believe that maha gathbandan will affect the bjps electoral arithmetic in up.
what do you feel?
i firmly believe that bjp will improve on its past tally of 73 in up.
we will be 74 from 73 not 72 in up.
time has passed when voters followed two leaders shaking hands in a drawing room.
today voter decides on who to vote.
you watch the results, bjp will improve its position.
finance minister arunjaitley on friday hit out at congress chief rahul gandhi saying his revenge against modi may not succeed, and will end up as revenge against his own party.
can image be destroyed by a person who belongs to a family which has been tainted through generations with charges of corruption?
he asked.
he does not gauge public opinion.
his revenge against prime minister modi may not succeed.
it may well turn out to be revenge against the congress.
jaitley said it was clear that rahul concocts falsehood, as in the rafale case, starts believing his falsehood to be true and eventually dreams that the falsehood has destroyed his opponent.
jaitley called rahul a dynast who buys his own propaganda even if there are not too many others willing to accept it.
he said dynasts have a sense of entitlement and they believe that they were born to rule.
gandhis, he said, suffer from this sense of entitlement.
dynasts have self-illusory opinion about themselves.
they create a disproportionate image about their own abilities in their own mind and believe that the universe around them thinks alike.
rahul gandhi is no exception.
the senior bjp leader said rahul announced four months ago that narendra modi will lose in varanasi and that the bjp will be reduced only to a couple of seats.
with prime minister modis personal acceptability ratings today being close to 70 , rahul proclaims that he is dead sure that modi is very unpopular, he said.
jaitley took a swipe at rahul gandhi saying he has a disproportionate impression about his oratorical skills when he challenges modi, whom he called one of the greatest communicators of his times.
rahul, arunjaitley added, comes out with outrageous ideas about security, economy and social issues and believes that his views have found mass acceptability.
the bjp leader argued that the 2014 election was an utter shock to the congress and losing to a person of modest origins and being reduced to the lowest ever strength in history, became unacceptable to the dynasty.
it took them more than three years to get out of the shock of the 2014 rout, he said, claiming that strategy devised was that modi had to be fought and removed.
finance minister arunjaitley has set a march 2019 deadline for the railways for establishing an accrual-based accounting system and has underlined the need for the state-owned transporter to take transformative measures in the way it conducts its business.
the policy announcements are in line of the nda governments philosophy of formulating an integrated transportation policy including the roads, rail, aviation and the shipping sectors.
the 92 year old practice of a separate rail budget has been done away with this year.
he also hinted that a rail tariff authority  called the rail development authority  would shortly be set up to take decisions on freight and passenger tariffs by taking into account factors such as the cost of providing the service, quality of services offered and the social obligation needs.
the finance ministers announcements indicate that there is likely to be little let-up in the ministrys ongoing restructuring and reform programme.
the private sector finds several positives emerging from the finance ministers speech.
he announced that stocks of three rail public sector undertakings would be listed on the various stock exchanges and also defined sectors and activities that would benefit from private participation.
these include providing end-to-end services in freight transportation and rolling stock manufacture.
the set of initiatives announced seem to acknowledge the challenge that railways is losing share in both freight and premium passenger services to alternate modes of transport, and hence an integrated approach to improving safety, cleanliness and passenger comfort, and higher levels of service to freight customers, said biswanath bhattacharya of kpmg india.
currently, the size of the indian economy is about usd 2.
9 trillion, he said while addressing students of the shri ram college of commerce here.
we keep oscillating between fifth and the sixth largest economy, depending on the dollar rate.
as we look at the years ahead, we would be usd 5 trillion by 2024 and usd 10 trillion by 2030 or 2031.
thats when we will be amongst first three - us, china and india and then of course, we would in the rat race of the big three wanting to catch up with much mightier competitors.
so the sheer size and opportunities is going to expand, he said.
talking about avenues of growth for the next 20 years, the finance minister listed infrastructure creation, rural expansion and gender parity, among others.
jaitley, himself an alumnus of the college, said the 2011 census showed that 21.
9 per cent of indias population lived below the poverty line (bpl) and with the present rate of growth, this might have further reduced to 17 per cent today.
it should shrink to 15 per cent by 2021 and further down to single digits by 2024-25, he said.
at the same time, the middle class population would increase to 44 per cent from 29 per cent in 2015, he said citing a study.
therefore as you look ahead you would see poverty deplete, you will see an exponential growth of middle class and probably by 2030 almost half of india would be in that category (middle class), he said.
going by the data, the size of india middle class would be four times the size of bpl when 2024 general elections takes place and therefore we have to see (whether) public discourse is still behind the curve or it takes the curve further, he said.
so, consumption will get a boost with rising number of middle class, he said, adding that infrastructure creation, both rural and urban, would also help accelerate the growth process.
he also said some sectors like infrastructure and railways need further fillip.
the government is expected to soon announce relaxations in the foreign direct investment (fdi) policy in certain sectors, including single brand retail.
the further liberalisation in the fdi policy is aimed at providing better business environment by removing impediments, an official said.
the easing of the policy will be on the lines of the announcements made by finance minister arunjaitley in the budget for 2017-18.
the government last year relaxed fdi norms in over a dozen sectors, including defence, civil aviation, construction and development, private security agencies, real estate and news broadcasting.
union minister harsimrat kaur badal recently stated that the government will consider the demands made by foreign retailers for allowing non-food items such as homecare products under the policy.
the government is also considering a proposal to increase fdi limit in print media to 49  from 26 .
besides, a proposal to allow 100  fdi through the automatic route in single brand retail is also under consideration with a view to attracting more global players in the sector.
foreign investments are considered crucial for india, which needs around $1 trillion to overhaul its infrastructure such as ports, airports and highways to boost growth.
foreign investments will help improve the countrys balance of payments situation and strengthen the value of the rupee against global currencies, especially the us dollar.
fdi inflows into india firmed up by 22  to usd 35.
85 billion during april-december 2016.
patna: bihar can benefit from union finance minister arunjaitley emphasis during his budget speech on eliminating five chronic diseases that afflict india.
while tuberculosis (tb) is one of them, the others are kala azar, filariasis, leprosy and measles.
the state has seen an upsurge in the number of tb patients in the last three years.
it had 217 cases per lakh population in november 2016 against 203 in 2014 and there are indications to suggest that the number of patients is increasing with each passing day.
to eliminate tb by 2025  the deadline  the number of cases has to fall to 10 per one lakh population in the next nine years.
experts believe it is an uphill task for bihar as it has missed many such targets in the past because of poor implementation of tb eradication programmes.
the most alarming aspect of the story is that the number of multiple drug resistant (mdr) tb is also on the increase.
as per official records, 2091 mdr-tb patients were diagnosed in bihar last year, whereas 2056 such cases were detected in 2015.
despite their condition, a majority of patients drop off the radar without adherng to the full regimen, a sure recipe for extremely drug resistant (xdr) tb.
notably, mdr -tb is resistant to the two best known first line drugs: isoniazid and rifampicin.
xdr is resistant also to the best second line medicines.
dr rajiv ranjan, a physician, said while the recovery rate of mdr cases was about 60 , it was abysmally low in xdr cases.
he said both the conditions could be prevented provided all cases of tuberculosis were treated properly with full regimen.
mdr and xdr are caused by poor quality of health system, substandard drugs, lack of accessibility to treatment and failure to complete the therapy, he added.
however, state tb officer dr kn sahay told ht that the situation of tb in bihar was not alarming.
because of the increased surveillance, more and more cases are diagnosed, he claimed.
to ensure uninterrupted administration of anti-tubercular drugs, the government would provide medicines to patients on a daily basis from february 15, 2017, he said.
as per existing provisions, patients are given drugs thrice a week.
notwithstanding the claim made by sahay, in bihar tb continues to affect the lives of thousands of people with 64078 patients officially registered for anti-tb therapy in 2016, which is almost 5  of the total cases registered in the country.
bihar ranks 8th among the states in terms of number of patients registered for treatment.
indiaupdated: aug 25, 2019 16:33 istcongress interim president sonia gandhi on saturday condoled the death of former finance minister arunjaitley saying that he attracted friends across the political spectrum and fought the cruel illness with indomitable spirit till the end.
in a letter to jaitleys wife, sangeeta arunjaitley , sonia gandhi said, i am very sad to learn of the passing away of your beloved husband.
she said, arunjaitley was a person who attracted friends and admirers across the political spectrum and every walk of life.
also read: farewell, arun jaitley: one of indias tallest leaders cremated with state honourshis sharp intellect and ability and his communication skills were evident in every cabinet position he held, in his role as leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, and as a senior advocate at the supreme court, the united progressive alliance (upa) chairperson said.
she said, arunjaitley fought his cruel illness with great courage till the end.
his passing is all the more tragic because he was so young, when he had so much more to contribute to national life.
words are little consolation at this time of grief, but i wanted you, your son and your daughter to know that i share your pain.
may arunji find eternal peace, she added.
also read: we will remember his presence: rahul gandhis tribute to arun jaitleyjaitley, 66, passed away on saturday afternoon at aiims where he had been admitted since august 9.
union minister m venkaiah naidu on thursday spoke to ncp chief sharad pawar, who is part of the opposition bloc, and tdp chief n chandrababu naidu, a bjp ally, over the presidential poll.
while chandrababu said he would support prime minister narendra modis call on the presidential nominee, pawar offered no assurance and said he would be in the national capital in a few days for further talks on the matter.
the three-member committee, of which naidu besides rajnath singh and arunjaitley are members, formed by bjp chief amit shah to consult political parties has so far reached out to congress, bsp, ncp, tdp, cpm and ainc (nr).
formal consultations begin on friday with naidu and singh scheduled to meet congress chief sonia gandhi and cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury.
a group of nine opposition parties, including the congress, the left and the ncp besides the likes of the sp, bsp, jd(u) and rjd, has maintained that they will finalise their stand only after the bjp-led nda discloses its candidate.
many of them have made it clear that they will put up a joint candidate if the bjp nominee is seen as someone with strong hindutva background.
are reports of the slowing down of the economy post-demonetisation anecdotal, as the union finance minister has claimed?
or are they substantial and credible?
seventy-five days after demonetisation was announced this question needs to be answered.
arun jaitleys confidence is based on direct tax collections rising by 12  and indirect tax collections by 25  in the first three quarters of this financial year.
but look a little deeper and the picture is different.
april-december saw indirect tax growth of only 25  compared to nearly 34 last year.
second, indirect tax growth decelerated from 30.
5  in october to 23.
1 in november and 14.
2 in december.
no doubt direct tax collection has accelerated but that is, at least, partly due to a change in the advance tax payment schedule.
however, the real reasons for questioning jaitleys statement are a series of recent surveys.
their findings are worrying and cannot be taken lightly.
the society for automobile manufacturers says sales of cars, two-wheelers and commercial vehicles has fallen by 18.
7 , the biggest drop since 2000.
knight frank india says home sales in eight major cities have fallen by 44 .
the all india manufacturers organisation says small and medium enterprises (8  of gdp and 45  of manufacturing) have cut their workforce by 35  whilst their revenues have dipped by 50 .
finally, the state bank says bank credit off-take has declined to a historic low.
surely these are not anecdotes but real facts?
you cant ignore or dismiss them.
read: demonetisation: a virtual nuclear strike to tackle a mosquitogoing further and possibly building on this, the centre for monitoring the indian economy says the average daily value of new investment proposals announced since november 8 has slumped by nearly 60 .
its managing director, mahesh vyas, now expects gdp growth of just 6  this year  compared to last years growth of 7.
6  and it will stay at that level for the next five years.
if that turns out to be the case, it could be very depressing.
however, there are a few reports and statistics that point in the other direction.
contradicting the bad news, the recent industrial production (iip) figure shows an increase of 5.
7  in november, the highest for 13 months.
with regard to agriculture, niti aayog claims its growth story is intact.
in a recent report it says: demonetisation is found to have had insignificant effect on output growth as well as farmers income.
however, the iip figure could be misleading because of whats called the base effect.
in november 2015 it fell by 3.
4  which could make this years rise seem bigger than it is.
and niti aayogs confidence is questioned by reports (indian express 9/1) that the average daily demand for nrega recorded a 60  increase in december.
read: resale realty market hit hardest by demonetisationas i am not an economist im not sure what conclusion to come to.
the iip figure is the only indication that industry is unaffected.
all the others convincingly suggest otherwise.
on the agriculture front we may well perform better than 2015-16 but that was a second consecutive drought year.
so let me end with a note of caution: the economic suffering may be exaggerated by some but its not anecdotal and it would be unwise to dismiss it.
finance minister arunjaitley on saturday saw an alliance of subversion on university campuses, whereby separatists and ultra-left elements were speaking the same language , and said the idea of free speech could not extend to assaulting indias sovereignty.
on a four-day visit to london, mainly to represent the nation at a reception at buckingham palace on monday to mark the uk-india year of culture, arunjaitley spoke on historical and contemporary developments in indias economy and said the country is now clear about the path ahead.
referring to the incidents at ramjas college, he said: i dont think there is or could be any space for violence.
i personally believe this whole issue has to be debated, whether free speech permits you to assault the very sovereignty of the nation.
if somebody speaks about breaking india into pieces and thinks that is part of free speech  dont forget under article 19 (2) sovereignty is an exception to free speech  but assuming you wanted that right, be liberal enough to believe that within the democratic framework a large majority will stand up to you and counter your free speech.
in a response that was met with applause from students in the audience, he added, then dont say that my free speech is being hindered.
i find it strange that an argument is being raised that i have free speech to advocate that india should be broken into pieces but those who oppose me are hindering my free speech.
they also have a right of free speech to oppose what you are saying.
according to arunjaitley , there is an alliance of subversion taking place in india, with separatists and the ultra-left speaking the same language on certain university campuses.
they must be willing to allow other figures to put the counter viewpoint, he said.
just as the earlier normal was to transact in cash and evade taxes, many thought that when you take advances from banks the monies need not be repaid.
if you dont repay them, you come back to london and settle down here.
democracy is liberal enough to permit defaulters to stay here (laughter).
that normal needs to be cracked.
jaitley said that strong action is being taken by india for the first time.
it has never happened that the defaulters are on the run.
the fact that they are on the run and their properties are being attached to the last penny, is a signal which india is sending for the first time.
otherwise we had learnt to live with defaulters.
according to arunjaitley , the demonetisation drive was the smoothest possible replacement of high denomination currency notes anywhere in the world.
the process, he said, is almost complete, and the new gst regime will lead to a bigger gdp in the long run.
india had become impatient, he said, with a large middle class and a larger section below it that is aspirational.
today there is huge public support for economic reform.
there is competitive federalism in which states are vying to attract investment, some states want to grow faster than the national average.
decision-making is now more effective, discretion of the state is being reduced and corruption is frowned upon, he said.
the event, titled transforming india: a vision for the next decade, was organised by the 100 foot journey club, an initiative of the lse south asia centre and the indian high commission.
it is so named because of the 100-foot physical distance between the two in aldwych, central london.
bank stocks were in the limelight today, surging by up to 9  on the governments decision to put in place a mechanism to effectively deal with the problem of mounting bad loans in the sector.
in this regard, a proposal to amend section 35 a of the banking regulation act through the ordinance route was approved by the cabinet yesterday.
reacting to the development, shares of iob zoomed 9.
12 , bank of maharashtra surged 6.
2  and union bank of india rose by 4.
7  on bse.
among others, pnb climbed 3.
21 , andhra bank went up by 2.
82 , bank of baroda (2.
68 ) and sbi (2.
57 ).
the amendment to the banking regulation act will empower the rbi to issue direction to banks to recover non-performing assets (npas) from loan defaulters.
public sector banks (psbs) are saddled with npas or bad loans to the tune of a staggering rs 6 lakh crore.
bad loans rose by over rs 1 lakh crore in the first nine months of the last fiscal to rs 6.
07 lakh crore by december 31, 2016.
gross npas of psbs stood at rs 5.
02 lakh crore at the end of march 2016, up from rs 2.
67 lakh crore at the end of march 2015.
heres a list of the top public sector bank gainers on bse:iob: 9.
12 bank of maharashtra: 6.
2 union bank: 3.
5 union bank of india: 4.
7 pnb: 3.
finance minister arunjaitley in his budget has reiterated the governments commitment to job creation and identified several sectors - textiles, leather, tourism, transportation and affordable housing - that he said will open up employment opportunity.
in his speech on wednesday, arunjaitley described energising youth through education, skills and jobs as one of the governments 10 important focus areas.
the centre, which has promised 100 million jobs by 2022, has decided to replicate the special scheme it had launched for the textile sector in the leather and footwear industries as well.
for transportation sector as a whole, including rail, roads, shipping, i have provided rs 2,41,387 crore in 2017-18.
this magnitude of investment will spur a huge amount of economic activity across the country and create more job opportunities, the finance minister said on wednesday.
read: budget will stimulate growth in zari sectortourism, said to be a big employment generator with a multiplier impact on the economy, is another sector which the centre lays special emphasis for generating employment.
jaitley announced that five special tourism zones, anchored on spvs, will be set up in partnership with the states.
incredible india 2.
0 campaign will also be launched across the world in order to encourage the sector.
experts said the decision to accord industry status to the affordable housing sector also seems to have aimed at providing mammoth job and entrepreneurship opportunities.
with the mission of providing 20 million houses across india, the centre has announced skilled development plans for youths for making them employable in this sector.
the budget lays special focus on the youth in the context of skill development, and it recognises the issue of job creation as well opportunities for boosting entrepreneurial skills.
for example, the budget proposes training for masons for providing a workforce for housing sector with a major focus on the affordable housing, cii director general chandrajit banerjee said.
this sector will also create micro-entrepreneurs.
the industry, which has come out of the effects of demonetisation, is there to support the government in this sector, he added.
the private sector, too, is upbeat about the budgetary announcements.
read: budget 2017: poll-bound goans happy, but tourism industry left disappointedthe budget gives a great thrust to the skill india initiative.
the governments enhanced focus on youth learning and skill development (via schemes like pradhan mantri kaushal vikas yojana), upliftment of women (through schemes like mahila shakti kendra and anganwadi initiatives) are notable moves, arjun pratap, founder and ceo of edge networks - an hr tech startup - said.
pratap added that women empowerment has been given special attention in this budget which will resonate well for indias economic growth.
jaitley said in his speech that the total funds allocated for the welfare of women and children across all the ministries will rise to rs 1,846 billion from rs 1,565 billion the previous year.
if executed well, these initiatives could bring in significant transformation across rural india.
we hope that the investment in youth and education through the skill india initiative will lead to a more employable population  and bridge the demand and supply gap, he added.
employment generation has been the key electoral promise of the national democratic alliance government, which is midway through its five-year term.
also read: affordable housing given infra status to encourage investmentstens of thousands of people, mostly in the informal sector, lost their jobs after the governments demonetisation drive and affected the economy, which was already hurting from slowing demand and investments.
jaitleys budget was being seen as an opportunity for the modi government to ease the pain of people hit hard by the shock recall 500-and 1000-rupee banknotes in his fight against black money.
the reserve bank of india on saturday said it needs to be careful on divulging the post-demonetisation deposit amount as the figure needs to be verified first and should not be just an estimate.
the number that we should now divulge should be a verified number and congruent with the complex accounting, governor urjit patel said here post the rbi board meet with finance minister arun jaitley.
there are tens of thousands of bank branches and 4,000 currency chests.
we need to be careful and try that this is a number which is not a mere estimate but a verified number both physically and in the accounting sense, patel added when asked about the estimated amount of old currency notes that have come back.
rbi had earlier said that notes worth rs 12.
44 lakh crore have been deposited till december 10, 2016.
there were 17,165 million pieces of rs 500 notes and 6,858 million pieces of rs 1,000 notes in circulation on november 8, 2016, the day prime minister narendra modi made the announcement of demonetising the two high denomination notes.
the total amount of high denomination currency circulating in the system on that day was, thus, rs 15.
44 lakh crore (rs 8.
58 lakh crore in rs 500 notes and rs 6.
86 lakh crore in rs 1,000).
jaitley said the meeting with the rbi was to discuss the various budget suggestions and the current economic situation.
when asked about rbi not going for a rate cut in its latest monetary policy review on february 8, he said: all finance ministers have the perpetual desire, but at the end we all respect the decision that the rbi takes.
jaitley was delivering a keynote speech at nepal investment summit- 2017 on thursday.
he also held talks with president bidhya devi bhandari, prime minister pushpa kamal dahal prachanda, and his counterpart, krishna bahadur mahara.
investment and development bring political stability, he said.
he also said india was committed to partnering nepal in its aspirations for growth and investment in the hydropower, irrigation, health and education sectors, as well as transmission lines, roads and bridges.
prachanda thanked arunjaitley for the support to nepal for constructing postal roads, extension of cross border transmission lines, bridges and the recent indian approval for arun iii project, where the government has decided to put in 57 billion.
he further urged india to invest in nepals hydropower, tourism and agriculture, according to a statement from the nepal prime ministers office.
they briefly touched upon the political development of nepal, where prachanda apprised about his governments bid to implement the constitution and steps it has been taking in the last seven months.
he also said india was committed to connecting nepal to indias rail network.
jaitleys remarks assume significance as railway minister suresh prabhu had said last month that india was keen to link nepals capital of kathmandu with new delhi and kolkata through a railway network in a bid to strengthen cross-border connectivity.
finance minister arunjaitley on friday introduced a bill on demonetisation in the lok sabha to formally make the banning of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes a law.
the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, 2017, seeks to replace the ordinance on demonetisation promulgated by the government in december, 2016.
as the finance minister stood up to introduce the bill, he was opposed by trinamool congress member saugata roy, who termed the bill illegal.
read: demonetisation: govt says rbi may lift limits on atm cash withdrawal soona war of words was witnessed in the house as arunjaitley and the trinamool congress leader attacked each other over the issue.
roy said he was questioning jaitleys right to speak, adding, let him go to the rajya sabha and speak.
in response, the minister questioned the members right to oppose the bill and said: his objection is something other than legislative competence.
his objection is this is not a good bill.
roy said: he (jaitley) is not even a member of this house.
he is not aware of the rules of the house.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar defended arunjaitley and said: he (jaitley) has been a distinguished parliamentarian, and has also been adjudged best parliamentarian.
he is well within his knowledge of both houses.
roy then said the question of legislative competence will arise later and that any member has the right to object to introduction of a bill.
this bill is actually illegal because the basic statement by the prime minister (on demonetisation), without any notification on november 8 was illegal.
no reference was made to the parliament.
.
.
roy said.
the reserve bank writes on currency notes i promise to pay the bearer.
.
.
the notification (on demonetisation) should have been given by the reserve bank of india.
.
.
i think it is outside the ministers competence, and legislative competence to bring this bill, the trinamool member added.
this bill, and the ordinance are illegal.
the government has imposed a disruptive step on the whole countrys economy.
i am told even the finance minister did not know about the demonetisation move till the evening before.
i oppose introduction of this bill, roy said.
jaitley, however, said the member was wrong on several accounts.
a bill can be opposed only on two grounds -- that the house does not have legislative competence or it is unconstitutional.
his objection is not on either grounds.
he said the government was well within its right in bringing in demonetisation.
the november 8 notification was under section 26-2.
.
.
rbi had the competence to pass the order.
he also took a dig at the trinamool congress member and said: it will add to his long parliamentary experience; he will get to learn.
roys objection was overruled by speaker sumitra mahajan, and the bill was then introduced in the lower house.
in a counter-attack, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday accused former prime minister manmohan singh of leaving behind an economy in slowdown, after singhs criticism that the indian economy is in dire straits under pm modi and also predicted that it is headed for a slowdown.
in a series of tweets, arunjaitley pointed out that it was manmohan singh who left behind an economy in slowdown in 2014.
he further said policy paralysis and corruption were also manmohan singhs gifts to the modi government.
jaitley also credited the former pm of bringing down the congress party to its lowest tally in parliament in the last lok sabha elections.
when an economist turns into a politician, he looses sense of both economy and politics, tweeted jaitley.
the comments came after manmohan singh, in an interview to pti, found fault with pm modis five-year rule, describing it as most traumatic and devastating.
singh, known as the architect of indias economic reforms in 1990s, felt the country is headed for a slowdown and accused the modi regime of leaving the countrys economy in dire straits.
in one of his most fierce attacks on the modi dispensation, singh alleged that the past five years only witnessed stench of corruption peaking to unimaginable proportions, adding demonetisation was perhaps the biggest scam of independent india.
singh dismissed the notion that there was a wave in favour of modi and asserted that the people have made up their minds to vote out the government that does not believe in inclusive growth and is only worried about its political existence at the altar of disharmony.
finance minister arunjaitley played down the impact of demonetisation on growth saying that a 7-8  growth is very reasonable, he clarified that global factors were responsible for a gdp growth of 6.
1  in the three months of january to march.
there are several factors which affect gdp.
even before demonetisation, there was some slowdown.
i do believe, that in the current global situation, a 7 to 8  growth which is at the moment an indian normal, is a reasonable growth, said jaitley.
the finance minister was addressing a press conference on the narendra modi government completing 3 years in office and highlighted the key achievements of his ministry.
asias third largest economy was on the path of deceleration since the july-september period of 2016-17, but it was sharper during demonetisation in the third quarter where gdp stood at 7  and in the january-march phase, when growth dropped to 6.
1 .
this is the slowest quarterly gdp growth in three years, say experts.
to be fair, the economy was in a slowdown mode from the second quarter of 2016-17, and only accelerated in q3 and q4.
on the other hand, the distinct slowdown in q4 could be explained partly by the price impact.
.
.
in a nut shell, the gdp slowdown is both a pre and post demonetization phenomenon, said soumya kanti ghosh, group chief economic advisor, sbi.
but economists such as kaushik basu and former prime minister manmohan singh had warned that sucking out 86  of indias currency would send shock waves through the economy that is heavily cash reliant.
but finance minister arunjaitley had at the time dismissed these claims.
the steps taken by the government were the right ones and will have a positive impact on the economy, arunjaitley had remarked.
demonetisation impacted the informal sector greatly, maybe temporarily.
but the informal sector contributes 30-40  of the gdp, so it is not correct to brush away the impact of demonetisation on the latest gdp number, said economist ajit ranade.
experts said that once the impact of demonetisation pales, the challenges for india to accelerate growth would be to pump life into the construction sector that contracted in the fourth quarter of 2016-17.
the importance of this sector apart from being a growth propeller is that it is labour-intensive.
the government also has to find a solution to the investment to gdp ratio, which determines future expansion of the economy.
this ratio has been on the decline for the past few years.
referring to the challenges, arunjaitley noted the issues of bad loans in the banking sector and kick-starting private sector investment.
when arunjaitley had taken over in 2014, india had multiple economic battles to fight.
from policy paralysis, tottering growth to high inflation, arunjaitley had a tough task ahead of him.
and he listed decisive policy making, crackdown on black money and check on corruption by changing government rules as important factors that restored indias economic credibility.
we set a new normal after demonetisation.
it is no longer safe to deal in cash.
we have shown decisiveness in policy making,said jaitley.
the finance minister rubbished claims of jobless growth as oppositions propaganda.
people need some issues for propaganda.
jobs dont get created outside economic sector.
if growth increases, jobs will also grow,jaitley said.
india on wednesday pitched for higher loans from the world bank at lower interest rates to fund social and infrastructure projects as the fund requirement is going up in a fast growing economy.
world bank ceo kristalina georgieva called on finance minister arunjaitley to take stock of the banks projects and other issues such as capital expansion at the bretton woods institution.
india seeks assistance from the world bank through ibrd.
the ibrd is the first of five member institutions that compose the world bank group and is headquartered in washington d.c.world bank now lends $2-3 billion annually to india.
jaitley stressed on the need for capital increase in the world bank group.
the finance minister also pressed for lowering the effective rate of interest on world bank loans by removing the commitment charges levied on the undisbursed loans.
he also pitched for exploring innovative financing options and relaxing the requirement of sovereign guarantee for loans to aaa rated organisations.
georgieva, who is on a 2-day official visit to india, has met the chief minister of maharashtra, devendra fadnavis, rbi governor urjit patel and officials of world bank to get a firsthand experience of the implementation of the banks projects in india.
finance minister arunjaitley released tax collection numbers on monday, to show that the governments currency recall didnt hurt economic activity  a claim several economists and state officials have doubted.
indirect tax collection is the measure of a countrys economic activity and comprises levies such as central excise, service tax and customs duty.
data shows a big increase in central excise collection, but that does not tell you anything about sales.
vat and sales tax numbers in states show the real picture about the spending by common people.
it has taken a big hit, said one of the finance ministers, who did not wish to be quoted.
central excise duty is levied on the production of goods, while sales tax and vat collections in states reflect the actual sale of these goods.
there is usually a lag of one or two months before state sales tax or vat reflect the actual sale of goods produced in the economy, said another finance minister who requested anonymity.
the central excise collection showed the highest upward spike at 31.
6  in december 2016 over the same period last year.
the tax collection data is real and not estimation, said arunjaitley , rubbishing fears of economic contraction after the currency squeeze.
top sources in non-bjp ruled states point at tax data to explain that the real picture of demonetisation will be reflected in the sales tax and vat collections for december 2016 which will be available by the end of this month.
there are five states that show slump in indirect tax collections in december 2016, data that is reflective of the november economic activity.
once the december numbers come in more states will be in the negative, said a state government source, who did not wish to be quoted.
economists also question whether these positive tax figures will be reflected in the revised gdp numbers, to be released at the end of next month.
these numbers are likely to be revised down when the second estimate is released in end february, singaporean multinational banking and financial services corporation, dbs, wrote in a report after gdp estimates were released last week.
finance minister arunjaitley raised the issue of tightening of the h-1b visa regime with his us counterpart steven mnuchin during their first meeting and highlighted the contribution of indian companies and professionals to the american economy.
this was the second time arunjaitley raised the h-1b visa issue with the american side during his visit here to attend the annual spring meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank.
he had also raised the issue with us commerce secretary wilbur ross earlier.
during their meeting on saturday, arunjaitley and mnuchin discussed a wide range of bilateral issues, in addition to the international cooperation against terror financing.
jaitley highlighted the notable progress made in the indo-us relations over the last few years and indias ambitious reform agenda which was creating new opportunities towards a deeper economic engagement between the two countries, a finance ministry statement said.
critical economic issues like indo-us investment initiative, infrastructure collaboration and niif (national investment and infrastructure fund), collaboration with the us for smart cities development were deliberated upon during the meeting, it said.
jaitley raised the issue of h-1b visas for skilled professionals from india and highlighted the contribution which indian companies and professionals are making to the us economy, the statement said.
us president donald trump last week signed an executive order for tightening the rules of the h-1b visa programme to stop its abuse and ensure that the visas are given to the most-skilled or highest paid petitioners, a decision that would impact indias $50 billion it industry.
the indian it industry expressed serious concerns over this as these visas were mainly used by domestic it professionals for short-term work in america.
the h-1b is a non-immigrant visa that allows us companies to employ foreign workers in speciality occupations that require theoretical or technical expertise in specialised fields.
indian technology companies depend on it to hire tens of thousands of employees each year for their us operations.
the us market accounts for about 60  of the revenue of the indian it industry.
reforming the h-1b visa system was one of the major election promises of trump.
as per several us reports, a majority of the h-1b visas every year are grabbed by indian it professionals.
india accounts for the highest pool of qualified it professionals, whose services go a long way in making american companies globally competitive.
last month, nasscom president r chandrashekhar had said the indian it industry actually contributes immensely to the us economy in terms of jobs that are created in america, both directly and indirectly.
close to half a million jobs have been supported in the us as of 2015.
the number of jobs have also been growing at 10 per cent per year as against a two per cent growth in the rest of the job market, he had said.
issues related to terror funding were also discussed during jaitleys meeting with the us treasury secretary, who appreciated indias role, including the indo-us cooperation in financial action task force.
jaitley also held bilateral meetings with the finance ministers of sweden, france and bangladesh.
the discussions covered a wide spectrum of bilateral collaboration to strengthen the cross-country relationships.
he also held a bilateral meeting with world bank group president jim yong kim among others.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das held bilateral meetings with new development bank (ndb) president kv kamath and international fund for agricultural development (ifad) president gilbert f houngbo separately.
various policy issues regarding ndb and ifad were discussed during the meeting.
jaitley is accompanied on the us trip by rbi governor urjit patel, das and chief economic adviser arvind subramanian among other officials.
the government announced a wide-arching plan on wednesday to bolster cashless transactions and digital literacy among the rural and poor with a slew of measures but many were disappointed with no substantial tax breaks.
finance minister arunjaitley budget speech made repeated references to the importance of a digital economy for speed, accountability and transparency.
india is now on the cusp of a massive digital revolution, he added  this was one of the 27 times he mentioned the word digital.
the government has repeatedly pushed for digital transactions  especially after the junking of rs 1000 and rs 500 notes last november  and increase in digital literacy in far-flung areas.
keeping in line with the move, the finance minister stepped up the allocation of the bharatnet project by rs 10,000 crore in 2017-18, which will connect 150,000 gram panchayats with high-speed broadband.
the other thrust area of the budget was bhim, the aadhaar-based mobile wallet with 12.
5 million downloads that arunjaitley hopes would play a critical role in making india cashless.
the finance minister announced two new schemes to promote bhim  a referral bonus scheme for individuals and a cashback scheme for merchants.
he also proposed aadhaar pay, a payment system for merchants, especially for those who do not have debit cards, mobile wallets and mobile phones.
he added that a mission would be set up with a target of 2,500 crore digital transactions for 2017-18.
banks, too, will focus on expanding the cashless economy by adding one million new point-of-sale terminals by march 2017, and two million aadhaar-based pos by september 2017.
these digital transaction machines also got an adequate tax boost from jaitley.
to complete the digital cycle, arunjaitley wanted to facilitate loan disbursement based on digital transaction history, and this is where the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) would play an important role.
government will encourage sidbi to refinance credit institutions which provide unsecured loans at reasonable interest rates to borrowers based on their transaction history, he said.
the government will review the payments and settlement act and make amendments to institute a payments regulatory board under the reserve bank of india, he said.
the amendments are proposed in the finance bill 2017.
mobile wallet entrepreneurs say the move would go a long way in promoting the ambitions of non-banking payment firms, as the board is likely to have equal representation from banks and mobile-wallet companies.
a digital economy has been the stated ambition of the modi-government, and expectations were running high in the digital ecosystem of tax sops for the digital ecosystem.
but arunjaitley left this sector wanting with little announcement of any relief.
while small merchants expected tax breaks for adopting digital transactions, wallet companies sought government support at a time many of them are reeling under heavy losses.
jaitley raised the issue at his meeting with commerce secretary wilbur ross and outlined the significant contributions the skilled indian professionals have made to the us economy, the indian embassy in dc said in a statement.
and, the statement added, he expressed the hope that the us administration will take this aspect into consideration while taking any decision.
india has been alarmed by president donald trumps buy american, hire american executive order issued earlier this week directing federal agencies to review the h-1b temporary visa programme to end fraud and abuse and ensure only the most-skilled or highest-paid foreigners qualified, with the overarching goal of protecting american jobs.
indian it companies such as tata consultancy services, infosys and wipro are among the heavy users of h-1bs, using them to bring workers from india for their operations in the united states, mostly involved in outsourcing business.
a large number of indians also get get hired by american firms, specially in the it sector, such as facebook, microsoft and google, and they are the highest recipients of h-1b as a group defined by country of origin  around 70  in 2015.
critics of the programme in the us have said this visa programme was being used by companies to bring foreigners on lower wages to replace local workers, and president trump and some of his key advisers agree.
right now, widespread abuse in our immigration system is allowing american workers of all backgrounds to be replaced by workers brought in from other countries to fill the same job for sometimes less pay, trump had said at the signing of the order.
this will stop.
american workers have long called for reforms to end these visa abuses.
and today, their calls are being answered for the first time.
that includes taking the first steps to set in motion a long-overdue reform of h1b visas.
india has pushed back since.
this is not an immigration issue as we have said earlier, it is basically a trade and services issue, gopal baglay, spokesperson for the ministry of external affairs, has said, adding india will keeping a close watch on the issue.
the united states grants 85,000 h-1b visas under a congressionally mandated annual cap  65,000 to foreigners hired outside the us, and 20,000 to foreigners enrolled in advanced degree courses in american colleges.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday ruled out the possibility of state funding of polls, a suggestion floated by various political parties.
but your optimism is based on the fact that when state funding starts, then only such funds will be used in polls and nobody will use private funds in the elections.
so your optimism is based on this one belief which is not consistent with indian reality.
pm narendra modi has reignited the debate on electoral reforms by pushing for simultaneous elections.
his views have been echoed by president pranab mukherjee.
many people donating to a political party usually dont like to disclose their identity as they fear repercussions from rival political parties.
the minister also said electoral bonds will be bearer bonds with a tenure of few days.
the bonds will resemble a promissory note and will be sold by authorised banks.
these bonds can then be deposited in notified accounts of political parties within a particular time frame.
opposition parties and election watchdogs had expressed concerns that the move will not check the inflow of black money.
jaitley, however, said people prefer to give donations in cash because it has anonymity.
we have made a major serious effort to legitimise this.
we have said that you pay by cheque, then donor and donee both will get tax advantage.
we have said pay by digital mode, he said in his reply to the budget discussion.
the government may cut back some of the plethora of socio-economic schemes that have outlived their utility as it uses outcome budgeting to assess the impact of central sector schemes, a top official said.
in a bid to improve quality of public expenditure, the finance ministry has asked every ministry to prepare outcome budget statement linking outlays against each scheme with deliverables achieved and their impact on economy and citizens.
the move is part of the budget overhauling exercise to make every penny spent count.
outcome budgeting essentially means that the investments which are made in any particular scheme or project must have a well-defined outcome.
we had requested the ministries and they have given us an outcome budget which has been finalised after consultation with niti aayog and that outcome is what will measure the impact of that scheme, finance secretary ashok lavasa told pti here.
while the impact of some schemes may come in one year, in others, it may take a bit longer for the impact to be seen.
but the important aspect is all schemes must have an outcome.
it should be measured, it can be monitored, he said.
niti aayog will monitor the outcome.
asked if this would lead to pruning of schemes, he said: certainly.
it will mean that the schemes are assessed based on their efficiency.
and already, we in 2017-18 dropped a number of schemes (central sector) which the ministries thought have outlived their utility.
finance minister arunjaitley , he said, had last year announced that all schemes should have a sunset clause.
so, the intention of the government is that every ministry should be conscious that any scheme or project which is implemented will have a life, he said further.
during that period, they should be able to define what they want to achieve on completion of the scheme and if the ministry thinks that it is now complete, then it (scheme) should be dropped and we move on to the next scheme, unless they have good reasons to say that these schemes need to continue.
outcome-based budgeting is part of the overhaul of budget making exercise that also saw the classification of government spending in plan and non-plan categories making way for a division on the basis of revenue and capital expenditure.
revenue expenditure refers to routine expenses such as those on salaries and pensions while capital expenditure refers to spending on long-term investments such as infrastructure.
the outcome-based one will outline what can be achieved with what is being spent and will involve the process of defining the desired long-term outcome of schemes of various ministries.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday introduced the gst and related bills in the lok sabha amid objections by some opposition members over the manner the government had moved the proposed legislation.
opposition leaders kc venugopal (congress) and saugata roy (trinamool) sought a ruling from lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, claiming that the government had not given the members enough time to study the bills.
though the opposition members maintained that they were not opposed to the introduction of the bills, their objections were on the ground of procedural matters, saying these were not listed in monday's agenda for the house.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs ss ahluwalia said the bills were uploaded on the government website on friday midnight, a remark that enraged the members.
the opposition mps asked how could the government expect the members to check the website at midnight and why the issue was not discussed at last week's meeting of business advisory committee.
congress leader mallikarjun kharge and hyderabad mp asaduddin owaisi were among those who opposed the way the gst bills were introduced.
dismissing the objections, the speaker said the bills were circulated to the members on saturday morning and there was nothing wrong in these being tabled.
she later gave the permission to introduce the bills.
finance minister arunjaitley defended searches at the homes of his predecessor p chidambarams son karti chidambaram and rjd chief lalu prasad, saying the day of reckoning has come for many and they will be held accountable for their misdeeds.
jaitley said the tax department or the central bureau of investigation (cbi) do not act unless there is a substantial basis and a reason to suspect that there is a tax evasion or a crime has been committed.
now people in high positions acquiring assets through shell companies is not a small matter and i think the day of reckoning has come for many, they will all be held accountable, the finance minister told reporters.
he was asked about the opposition charge against the government of using cbi and i-t department to go after opposition leaders.
unless there is a substantial basis and a reason to suspect that either there is evasion or a crime has been committed, these departments dont act.
because ultimately whatever action that is taken has to bear some results, he said.
the cbi searched the homes of chidambaram and his son karti in a probe into alleged criminal misconduct in giving approval in 2007 for the sale of stakes in inx media pvt ltd to offshore entities.
separately, the income tax department conducted raids and surveys on at least 22 locations in delhi and adjoining areas on charges of alleged benami deals worth rs 1,000 crore linked to rjd chief lalu prasad and others.
the measures may include continuing with a scheme to give concessional loans to farmers, incentives for states to computerize primary agricultural credit societies (pacss) and higher allocations to the national bank for agriculture and rural development, the official said, requesting anonymity.
the measures are likely to provide relief to farmers, especially those engaged in floriculture and the cultivation of vegetables and plantations, who have had to face disruptions in the supply chain and depressed prices for their produce following prime minister narendra modis 8 november surprise announcement to withdraw high-value banknotes.
the cancellation of currency notes with effect from 9 november led to a severe cash shortage, especially in rural areas.
in his new years eve address, modi announced measures for farmers including smoother access to loans from cooperative societies, providing rupay debit cards to 30 million people holding kisan credit cards and an interest waiver for two months for those who had taken loans for their rabi crops from district cooperative banks.
public investment has to be stepped up.
long-term irrigation fund has been set up last year.
the investment is required not only for creation of structures or completion of irrigation projects but should also focus on irrigation efficiency, said the official cited earlier, who declined to be named.
the government had last year announced a long-term irrigation fund with a rs20,000 crore corpus.
although all district cooperative societies are computerized, pacss, which form the lowest tier, are still to go online, the official said.
ideally, it should be taken care of by state governments but probably some kind of incentives needs to be given, he said.
the scheme for concessional crop loans is likely to continue this year as well.
the government had allocated rs15,000 crore for the year ending 31 march for providing crop loans at subsidized interest rates and is expected to allocate at least a similar amount or higher for the next fiscal year.
under this so-called interest subvention scheme, banks extend loans up to rs3 lakh to farmers at a concessional interest rate of 7 .
the farmers get a further 3-percentage point discount for timely repayment, making the effective interest rate 4 .
the sops for the farmers in the union budget to be presented on 1 february will come weeks before crucial state elections in uttar pradesh, punjab, goa, uttarakhand and manipur.
from a consumption-driven story, indias growth narrative has suddenly changed with the demonetization exercise, indranil pan, chief economist at idfc bank, said in a 20 january note.
anecdotal evidence shows that consumption and production has been hit sharply, especially in sectors that have been heavily reliant on cash.
earlier this month, the government estimated that farm growth will quicken to 4.
1  in 2016-17, compared with 1.
2  in 2015-16 and a contraction of 0.
2  in 2014-15.
to be sure, the growth estimates do not factor in the impact of the note ban on agriculture.
union finance minister arunjaitley has assured punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh to clear a cash-credit limit (ccl) of rs 20,683 crore for wheat procurement to the punjab government by march 25.
amarinder, who met arunjaitley in new delhi on wednesday, was told that directions have been issued to the reserve bank of india (rbi) to ensure all arrangements for wheat procurement.
the state government had sent a proposal to the centre seeking ccl two months back.
timely procurement was one of the key promises of the congress during the poll campaign.
i am sure that there would no problem in the release of the ccl because we have squared the ccl taken by punjab in the previous rabi season which is pre-requisite to get limit for the current season, said chief principal secretary to the punjab cm suresh kumar, who also accompanied amarinder and state finance minister manpreet badal to delhi.
procurement in punjab would begin from april 1 and state government is expecting arrival of 120 to 125 lakh tonnes of grain in the mandis, out of which states five agencies would procure 100 lakh tonnes and the rest would be procured by the food corporation of india (fci).
reworking of term loan after cabinet approvalthe punjab government has decided to take up reworking of rs 31,000 crore term loan with the centre.
last month, the centre and state government agreed to convert the mismatch of rs 31,000 crore of the ccl taken in previous procurement seasons.
the principle amount of the term loan is rs 12,500 crore and rs 18,500 crore is the interest.
we would take the cabinets approval before approaching the centre, suresh kumar told ht.
the narendra modi government is expected to bite the bullet on contentious economic reforms, including those in labour and banking & financial sectors, after a ringing endorsement of its policies from voters in assembly polls on saturday.
the bjp registered a resounding victory in uttar pradesh elections which were billed as a referendum on demonetisation, a controversial decision by prime minister modi last november that forced people to spend hours at atm kiosks and banks to withdraw money as a cash crunch hit hard.
the poll outcome belied apprehensions in the sangh parivar and a section of the bjp about the political fallout of the centres decision.
the concerns were accentuated by a concerted attack on the government by opposition parties, which sought to make political capital of peoples hardships.
with his demonetisation gamble paying off electorally, modi is expected to push reforms including those perceived to be politically unpalatable.
the opposition parties will see the writing on the wall that india is supporting modis economic policies in a big way.
it will now be easier for the government to secure a broader political consensus on restructuring the banking and financial sector, said nk singh, former parliamentarian and revenue secretary.
the reforms he expects the government to initiate include permission for banks to raise money from the market and tackle the problem of non-performing assets of public-sector banks by opting for a haircut.
writing off a big chunk of bad loans could be a politically contentious decision but saturdays verdict could give the government the required political heft and moral courage to go for it.
with a demoralized opposition in parliament, the two enabling legislations for the rollout of the goods and services tax (gst) are likely to have a smooth passage.
though the opposition has a majority in the upper house, they couldnt block money bills and after the state election results, they are unlikely to even put up a resistance.
the government can also be expected to stand its ground within the sangh parivar on labour reforms concerning wages and industrial relations among others.
while modi government seemed to have developed cold feet on land reforms, saturdays poll verdict might give it enough political heft and confidence to re-visit the issue.
poll results are set to whet the bjps ambition for further expansion of its national footprint.
while it has already reduced its chief political rival, the congress, to a travesty of a pan-india partyruling in just half-a-dozen seatsthe bjp could now aim to capture the space occupied by regional parties in different regions.
the bjp recently made huge gains in odisha panchayat polls and could emerge as a serious threat to friend-turned-foe bjd.
in tamil nadu, j jayalalithaas demise has left a political vacuum as the aiadmk does not seem to have a popular and charismatic leader of her stature to provide stewardship to the party.
given modis popularity in tamil nadu, the bjp might have an opportunity to fill up this vacuum.
in the immediate context, the bjp has its task cut out in the prime ministers home state of gujarat and congress-ruled himachal pradesh that are scheduled to go to polls in november this year.
saturdays poll results also came as an endorsement of finance minister arunjaitley budget that avoided populism, stuck to fiscal prudence and focused on long-term measures to insulate the economy from the disruptive impact of demonetisation.
he had enough reasons to smile on saturday.
the minister also said he hoped that the drafts of the remaining igst (integrated gst) and cgst (central gst) laws will be passed in the councils next meeting slated for march 4-5 in the national capital.
the gsts compensation law states that if any state suffers loss it will be covered in first five years.
in the budget sessions second half, all enabling laws under the gst constitutional amendment should get approved, he added.
the government is keen to roll out the new regime from july 1 but for that, it will have to get two laws - the central gst (cgst) act and integrated gst (igst) act -- approved by parliament and each of the state legislatives have to pass the state gst (sgst) act.
the model gst law provides a common draft of cgst act, sgst act.
besides, there is an igst law and compensation law.
finance minister arunjaitley addressed a press conference on monday, a day after asserting that indias economy is getting back to normal two months after the scrapping of high-value banknotes.
in a facebook post, he also attacked opposition parties for siding with what he called a black money-friendly status quo.
jaitley said the long-term gains of the governments demonetisation move would outweigh the pain when the exercise was being implemented.
the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1000 banknotes  which made up 86  of indias economy by value  saw a nationwide cash crunch and millions of people line up outside banks and atms to deposit, exchange or withdraw money.
the move was aimed at draining illegal cash from the economy, but opposition parties and some economists have argued that the move has adversely affected farmers and the poor with large-scale job losses and a hollowing-out of the rural economy.
follow the live updates here:* this data is real, not an estimation, the fm says.
* for most states, vat collections have increased, says jaitley.
* in december --- compared to last december, the customs has declined because the gold imports have come down, says jaitley.
* overall increase in indirect taxes for the month of april to december compared to same figures last year is 25 , says jaitley.
* central excise increased 31.
6  in december 2016 as compared to december 2015, the fm says.
* the big picture is direct taxes have increased in the first three quarters, indirect taxes too significantly moved up, says jaitley.
finance minister arunjaitley vowed on saturday to make an example of money launderers and tax evaders, saying penalising powers of economic crime-fighting agency enforcement directorate should be used expeditiously in cases of non- compliance.
speaking at the enforcement day in new delhi, he called on ed to strictly enforce law to help the exchequer raise legitimate revenue.
he felt that non-compliance of tax laws has always hit the larger public and national interest.
and that is why the revenue department and the ed have a very important role to play, he emphasised.
there is an expectation of compliance and in the event of non-compliance, there is the power of penalising that the ed has.
this power has to be expeditiously used whenever violations are detected.
stating that the government has given citizens the right to deal in foreign exchange with a sense of trust, he said serious offence of money laundering, including using hawala channels, flight of capital out of the country, round tripping of funds and creation of shell companies to avoid taxes have become a very standardised practice.
jaitley said these violations are not difficult to detect and scrutiny of filing with registrar of companies can also lead to the detection.
the entire route of multi-layering through which the money laundering takes place.
.
.
it is matter of a few minutes to detect how the violation takes place, he cautioned.
the finance minister termed money laundering, round tripping, tax evasion and creation of shell companies as a serious offence as the money meant for eduction, healthcare, rural development is being taken away.
our target has to be to make sure india as it evolves from a developing to developed economy (also changes) from a tax non-compliant society to a highly-compliant society.
once that were to happen, i think the fear of the law and the fear of the consequences visiting us itself will ensure compliance takes place, he said.
jaitley referred to technological advances, saying technology has provided tools to detect violations and provisions under the pmla and the fema have rules of evidence that can help take cases to the logical conclusion.
once we are able to make an example of some of these offenders, i think others then will realise the benefits of compliance of law, he added.
he hoped the ed will strictly enforce the law in our endeavour to raise legitimate revenue, which is in larger public interest which can only be achieved by ensuring voluntary compliances of people.
jaitley also called for introspection, saying that as india evolves, the compliance level too should rise.
legal compliances of taxation and currency laws have been a feature of the developed states.
if you go to the developed world, violations are rare, but those who violate are strictly called upon and answerable to the law.
there are strict penal consequences, he pointed out.
despite being conventional in their societal attitude, indians have never considered non-compliance with taxation and currency law as morally improper and instead it was considered as a smart act.
and that is what leads to excessive dealing with cash economy, excessive non-compliance, the minister noted.
jaitley said the total budgeted tax revenue collection of over rs 19 lakh crore would have gone up if there were compliance in india and this money could have been used for funding education, healthcare, the poor and in betterment of infrastructure.
with india remaining in the limelight over its reform push and rapid economic growth, world banks chief executive officer, kristalina georgieva is scheduled to visit india to take stock of the bank-funded projects and meet policymakers including finance minister arunjaitley and reserve bank of india governor urjit patel.
georgieva visit comes at a time when the countrys economic growth is one of the bright spots in the global economy.
india is our biggest middle income client.
georgieva said in a statement ahead of her visit.
its economic growth influences global growth.
its achievements in health and education contribute to the world achieving the sustainable development goals.
i am keen to learn more as india is a laboratory for the world to learn about what works in development and to find new ways to collaborate.
georgieva will hold discussions with arunjaitley and other key policymakers.
she will also meet with the chief minister of maharashtra, devendra fadnavis, and rbi governor, a world bank press statement said.
georgieva will be accompanied by annette dixon, world bank vice president for south asia.
in mumbai, the world bank ceo will take stock of the operations of the world bank-supported suburban rail system, which transports about 8 million commuters every day.
she will also visit a school serving low-income households, and children with special needs as part of the government of indias sarva shiksha abhiyan program, which is also supported by the world bank.
world bank has so far lent $27 billion for 95 projects.
the abolition of the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) announced by finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday was widely welcomed in london, a major source of foreign investment as well as a destination for indian companies seeking to raise funds.
industrialist swraj paul and financial experts told hindustan times that doing away with fipb would help generate more confidence among foreign investors in the indian market.
measures to stop corruption would also generate investor confidence, they added.
the government is now getting a grip on the demonetisation process.
lowering taxes for the low income group and for the elderly is the right thing to do.
abolishing fipb is one of the measures that will bring more confidence in india, paul said.
anuj chande, head of the south asia group at consultants grant thornton, said: from the uk perspective, the abolition of fipb is a very welcome step and is in the right direction of cutting bureaucracy and unnecessary hurdles which have always been a concern for uk investors.
similarly, the continued steps to cut corruption through restrictions on cash funding for political parties helps give investors confidence that india is changing and is becoming a more level playing field, he added.
the budget, which was keenly monitored in london, will give further evidence to london-based investors that india continues to change in the right direction and allow for investor confidence in the broader business environment, chande said.
an interactive session on post-budget analysis has been organised at the indian high commission here on february 6, to be attended by representatives of ficci, companies and london-based consultants.
the process of filing nominations for the july 17 presidential poll began on wednesday with the election commission issuing a notification in this regard.
the nomination process will continue till june 28.
the ruling nda and a loosely knit group of opposition parties have intensified efforts to zero in on a mutually acceptable presidential candidate.
but they would go their separate ways if a consensus proves elusive.
after a prolonged silence on the issue, bjp chief amit shah has constituted a three-member committee comprising union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu which will hold consultations with the nda allies and the opposition on the issue.
leaders of opposition parties will hold their meeting wednesday afternoon to chalk out their joint strategy and come up with a consensus candidate.
the 10-member sub-group of the opposition is meeting for the first time after its constitution recently.
sources said the opposition leaders will try and come out with some possible names for the post of president, but will await the government initiative in this regard.
in a bid to ensure that non serious candidates do not file nomination for the prestigious election, laws were amended a few years ago.
now, a candidate who is supported by 50 electors and seconded by another 50 can file nomination.
elected members of the lok sabha and the rajya sabha and elected members of state legislative assemblies are the electors.
if the elections are held in case both the nda and the opposition field their candidates, then the results will be announced on july 20.
the term of present incumbent pranab mukherjee comes to an end on july 24.
finance minister arunjaitley monday took dig at congress leaders rahul gandhi and digvijaya singh saying fear of backlash has prompted majority bashers to proclaim themselves as proud hindus.
elections, after all, are a convenient season for all the neo-converts, the senior bjp leader said stressing that aspirational middle-class, which is religiously inclined without being communal, will not accept majority bashing as the definition of secularism.
during elections, even atheist are wearing their religion and caste on their sleeves, he said.
he has now been declared as shiv bhakt.
he does not miss an opportunity to visit temples and makes an event out of each such programmes.
his religious orientation was not visible in either 2004, 2009 or 2014, he said as the general elections entered the crucial phase.
parties such as congress, bsp, sp and tmc have accused the ruling bjp-led nda of communalising the elections to seek votes.
they have also accused the bjp of sidelining key issues like unemployment and farm distress in the name on nationalism.
in a blog post titled a convenient season for being a proud hindu, he further said digvijaya singh, the congress candidate from bhopal, is a well-known majority basher.
he even visited azamgarh to meet the relatives of the deceased or arrested terrorists.
he holds the patent for manufacturing the theory of hindu terror.
he took it to illogical conclusion till the whole theory was busted.
today, realising the wrath of the electorate, he has become proud of his hindu credentials, said jaitley.
he noted that the socio-economic profile of india changed in slowly consolidating and enlarging indias middle-class.
the middle-class is aspirational.
it has strong concern on national security.
it is religiously inclined but not communal.
at the same time, it will not accept majority bashing as the definition of secularism.
the attitude of this class towards national security-related issues such as terrorism and a special status of jammu & kashmir, is extremely strong, he said.
also, reaction of the middle-class on both ayodhya and sabarimala is self-evident, he said.
this has created fear of the backlash in the minds of those who conventionally indulged in majority bashing and were compromising on issues of national security, arunjaitley added.
he also took on the aam aadmi party saying the hypocrisy of the aap climaxed when, in the last few days, its only lady candidate atishi marlena from delhi, shed her family legacy of ultra-left leaning parents, who were important interlocutors seeking a pardon for afzal guru, and started wearing not only her religion but her caste, her fathers caste and her husbands caste on her sleeve.
i was wondering as to why those brought up in atheist environment, for political convenience, start displaying their religion and caste publicly, he said.
he further said india is a land of patriotic people and the contrarians are merely a fringe.
the fringe can be a disgruntled lot getting a disproportionate voice on electronic and social media, one cannot belong to the fringe can win elections, he added.
this is the power of democracy.
religiosity is suddenly being discovered.
majority bashing has been replaced by a self-proclaimed title of a proud hindu or even a punjabi hindu kshatriya.
today, even atheist will wear their religion and caste on their sleeves.
the seven phase elections will be completed on may 19.
counting of votes will take place on may 23.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
tensions run high in madhya pradeshs mandsaur a day after five farmers were killed in police firingthe government struggled to tamp down tensions on wednesday in madhya pradeshs mandsaur district a day after police firing killed five farmers during protests in an incident that has snowballed into a nationwide political storm.
tensions ran high in the town of pipalia as shops and markets remained closed and internet services suspended, with scores of police personnel patrolling the streets.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi is likely to visit the spot today.
curfew has been imposed across the district.
angry farmers have said they will not cremate the five bodies unless chief minister shivraj singh chouhan visited the district, and have called for a strike supported by the opposition congress.
read the story here.
apathy, heavy losses: why farmers in madhya pradesh are on warpath against shivraj singh chouhan govtabout one-tenth of the farmer suicides in the past 16 years in madhya pradesh took place in a year, between february 2016 and 2017, telling a distressing story about farm despair in the state where agriculture growth had clocked 20  since 2014-15.
chief minister shivraj singh chouhan has celebrated farm sector success claiming five national krishi karman awards, ignoring farmers crying hoarse over poor remunerative price for their crop and increasing stranglehold of commission agents.
the situation is bad in the malwa-nimad region, which comprises 15 districts, including mandsaur, where five farmers reportedly died in police firing on tuesday.
farmers are angry because the government neither made arrangements to procure the crop on time nor intervened to ensure a reasonable price.
read the story here.
army major, three militants killed in nagaland encounteran army officer and three militants were killed in an encounter in nagaland, the force said on wednesday.
the encounter on tuesday night at tijit near lappa of mon district, nearly 340 km north of the state capital kohima also left three soldiers injured.
unconfirmed reports said a civilian had been killed but the army refused to confirm.
the militants were believed to be from the national socialist council of nagaland (khaplang) and the united liberation front of asom (independent).
read the story here.
govt abandons goal of training 500 million people in new skills by 2022the government has abandoned its goal of training 500 million people in new skills by 2022, in a clear shift in strategy.
skill development ministry officials, at a press conference in new delhi on tuesday, also refused to spell out a new number that the union government and its 22 departments and ministries will chase.
we dont want to chase any number.
whether it is 150 million by the national skill development corporation (nsdc) and 350 million by ministries  we are delinking it, not attaching any number, said rajesh aggarwal, director-general of training and a joint secretary in the skills ministry.
skill development minister rajiv pratap rudy agreed.
it will be demand driven than supply driven, he said.
read the story here.
arun arunjaitley on a four-day visit to paris, to sign oecd tax pactfinance minister arunjaitley is in paris on a four-day visit during which he will address foreign investors and sign the oecd pact that aims to check cross border tax evasion by mncs.
the union cabinet had last month approved signing of the multilateral convention of the organisation for economic cooperation and development.
the convention aims to tackle base erosion and profit shifting (beps) which is resorted to by mncs through tax planning strategies by exploiting gaps and mismatches in tax rules.
jaitley will deliver the keynote address at the oecd meeting today and participate in a panel discussion on stocktaking on globalisation.
he will also call on the french ministers of economy and defence during his visit.
russian hackers planted false news story that led to qatar crisis: reportus intelligence officials believe russian hackers planted a false news story that led saudi arabia and several allies to sever relations with qatar, prompting a diplomatic crisis, cnn reported on tuesday.
fbi experts visited qatar in late may to analyse an alleged cyber breach that saw the hackers place the fake story with qatars state news agency.
saudi arabia then cited the false item as part of its reason for instituting a diplomatic and economic blockade against qatar.
qatars government said the may 23 news report attributed false remarks to the emirates ruler that appeared friendly to iran and israel, and questioned whether us president donald trump would last in office, according to cnns report.
read the story here.
us military praises qatar as trump tweet applauds arab nations for severing tiesthe pentagon on tuesday renewed praise of qatar for hosting a vital us air base and for its enduring commitment to regional security, sticking to a message of reassurance even as president donald trump, via twitter, applauded a decision by arab powers to cut ties to the gulf ally.
it was the latest example of the tightrope that us officials are walking as trumps tweets raise questions about existing us policy and the carefully scripted talking points used to explain it.
in the case of qatar, the stakes are high.
more than 11,000 us and coalition forces are deployed to or assigned to al udeid air base, from which more than 100 aircraft operate.
read the story here.
trade, immigration, desi politicians: the india angle to uks brexit electionsthe focus of thursdays mid-term election in the united kingdom is supposed to be brexit  the decision to leave the european union  but it connects with india and the 1.
5 million-strong indian community here at various levels.
the shape that brexit takes under the new government is of much interest to nearly 800 indian companies that use united kingdom as their base to operate across the european union and beyond.
the uks membership of the eu gives them several benefits that they may lose; some have already postponed expansion and other plans, or partly relocated in the eu.
india is one of the key markets that britain hopes will compensate for the loss of access to the european single market after brexit.
read the story here.
champions trophy: pakistan face south africa challenge in must-win matchembarrassed by india in their opening match, pakistan will strive to stay alive in the competition as they take on a confident south africa in a must-win group a icc champions trophy match in birmingham today.
the two teams are approaching the encounter with contrasting results in their tournament openers.
pakistan received a severe 124-run hammering from india while south africa outclassed sri lanka by 96 runs.
finance minister arunjaitley set aside in his budget for the next fiscal about rs261 crore for travel expenses, salary and allowances of union ministers  an allocation that overshot by 73  in the current financial year.
in the previous budget, the government allocated a little more than rs274 crore for the ministers and former prime ministers.
but revised figures show above rs455 crore was spent during the period.
besides pay and travel expenses, the allocation includes funds for maintenance of aircraft for vvips.
jaitley also made a more than 10-fold hike in the budgetary allocation for the national security council secretariat .
the increase  from rs33.
17 crore last year to rs333.
58 crore in the next fiscal  indicated an enhanced role for the national security council (nsc), which is part of the three-tier structure for a national security management system.
read: budget 2017 decoded: who gained and who lost in jaitleys tax proposals | tablethe nsc, headed by the prime minister, is the apex body and the national security adviser is its secretary.
the group is responsible for policy-making and for follow up action in matters of national security.
on the other hand, the advisory board consists of senior retired officials and experts in internal and external security.
the office of the principal scientific adviser will also get a substantial budget hike.
jaitley announced rs34.
83 crore this year, much more than his previous budgets rs4.
60 crore.
revised figures show that it spent rs5.
19 crore in 2016-17.
launching a new website on operation clean money, a programme to bring illegal wealth on books, he said the fallout of the november 8 decision to demonetise higher denomination currency has increased movement towards digitisation, number of assessees going up and tax revenue jumping as also fear of dealing in cash being installed.
post demonetisation, there has been a hike in collection of personal income tax, the finance minister said, adding that the new portal will help honest taxpayer.
cbdt chairman sushil chandra said there was 22  growth in e-filed returns post demonetisation.
as many as 17.
92 lakh people were identified for unexplained deposits post demonetisation, he said, adding the tax department has identified one lakh suspected tax avoidance cases.
he also said that an undisclosed income of rs 16,398 crore was identified post demonetisation.
we identified around 17.
92 lakh persons in whose case the cash transactions did not appear in line with the taxpayers profiles.
and online verifications of these transactions are underway, chandra said.
of the 17.
92 lakh, so far 9.
72 lakh individuals responded to smses and e-mails sent by the income tax department.
the 10th council meeting of the goods and services tax (gst) to vet the draft supporting legislations crucial for its implementation has begun at udaipur here today.
the meeting is being chaired by the gst council who aim to get clearance on a number of issues, including the formation of a gst appellate tribunal, which will discuss matters related to gst implementation and suggestions.
earlier, the ninth council meeting saw no consensus being made on levying and collection of integrated gst, a special privilege given to the central government with regards to imposing gst on inter-state supply of goods and services.
this issue has been incorporated for discussion in this meeting.
additionally, the council is expected to throw light on the implications of cgst and sgst as well, while initiating the approval of the compensation law.
furthermore, as per reports of the previous meeting, the scheduled date for gst was postponed to july 1, 2017, which was earlier april 1, 2017.
this has been re-affirmed during the announcement of the union budget 2017-18 on february 1, 2017, by finance minister arun jaitley.
the gst proposal is one that has been deemed as much-awaited by industry analysts on several occasions.
it has been glorified as an amalgamation of all indirect taxes to be paid on sale, manufacture and consumption of goods and services on a national level.
additionally, it is said to be an initiative that would simplify monitoring and collecting indirect taxes, owing to the fact that post its incorporation, indirect taxes would all fall under a single bracket.
the constitutional amendment containing the gst was passed in august 2016.
to boost slowdown-hit real estate sector, the government on wednesday announced infrastructure status to affordable housing to encourage investment in this segment and offered tax sops for developers sitting on completed unsold inventories.
the national housing bank will refinance individual housing loans of about rs 20,000 crore in 2017-18.
to promote affordable homes, the government also proposed to amend the section 80-iba, relaxing the condition of period of completion of the project for claiming deduction from the current three years to 5 years.
we propose to facilitate higher investment in affordable housing.
read: union budget 2017: read the full text of fm arunjaitley speechwith surplus liquidity created by demonetisation, he said the banks have already started reducing their lending rates, including those for housing.
interest subvention for housing loans has also been announced by the prime minister.
stating that affordable housing is one of the thrust area of tax proposals, he said: in my budget proposals last year, i had announced a scheme for profit-linked income tax exemption for promoters of affordable housing scheme which has received a very good response.
to make this scheme more attractive, arunjaitley proposed certain changes in the scheme.
first of all, instead of built up area of 30 and 60 sq meter, the carpet area of 30 and 60 sq meter will be counted.
in order to be eligible, the scheme was to be completed in 3 years after commencement, he said, and proposed to extend this period to 5 years.
read: budget 2017: small taxpayer gets a break, but little else to cheer aboutthe government also announced tax sops for builders sitting on a huge unsold stocks amid multi-year slowdown in the real estate sector, particularly housing segment.
at present, the houses which are unoccupied after getting completion certificates are subjected to tax on notional rental income.
the finance minister also proposed to make a number of changes in the capital gain taxation provisions in respect of land and building.
the holding period for considering gain from immovable property to be long term is 3 years now.
this is proposed to be reduced to 2 years.
also, the base year for indexation is proposed to be shifted from april 1, 1981 to april 1, 2001 for all classes of assets including immovable property, he said.
gst council clears law for compensating states for loss of revenue from gst implementation in a council meeting on saturday, in udaipur.
the newt meeting on the matter is due on march 4 and 5.
the gst council is likely to finalise the draft model gst law including final drafting of the anti-profiteering clause to ensure benefit of lower taxes gets shared with consumers.
the council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising representatives of all states, is also likely to finalise the definition of agriculture and agriculturist as well as constitution of a national goods and services tax appellate tribunal to adjudicate disputes.
the law ministry has sent the approved language and draft of the model gst law, which outlines how the new national sales tax will be levied on goods and services.
the law ministry-approved draft and the language have been discussed today by the councils sub-committee comprising central and state officials.
the vetted draft will then be put up before the council at its 10th meeting scheduled to be held in udaipur tomorrow.
the government intends to introduce the model gst law in parliament in the second half of the current budget session beginning next month, officials said.
the government is keen to roll out the new regime from july 1 but for that, it will have to get two laws - the central gst (cgst) act and integrated gst (igst) act -- approved by parliament and each of the state legislatives have to pass the state gst (sgst) act.
the model gst law provides a common draft of cgst act, sgst act.
besides, there is an igst law and compensation law.
officials said that the government is keen to pass benefit of lower taxes to consumers and so an anti-profiteering measure has been incorporated in the draft law.
it provides for constituting an authority to examine whether input tax credits availed by any registered taxable person, or the reduction in the price on account of any reduction in the tax rate, have actually resulted in a commensurate reduction in the price of the said goods and/or services supplied by him.
for example, a good or service is to be levied with a gst of 5 .
but in course of supply, a 20  tax is paid, whose input credit is taken.
so, the final consumer will be levied only 5 per cent tax and not 25 , as the input credit of 20  is already taken, an official explained.
this has to be declared at the time of filing returns by the taxpayer, the official said.
the taxable event under gst is supply of goods and services.
the place of supply of goods is the place where the goods are delivered, except in few cases.
finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday gave marginal relief to the countrys taxpayers in the 2017 budget but disappointed those who expected big breaks to cushion the demonetisation blow.
jaitleys biggest tax announcement was halving of the lowest rate of personal tax to 5  for annual incomes between rs 2.
5 lakh and rs 5 lakh.
this would reduce the tax liability of all persons below rs 5 lakh income either to zero (with rebate) or 50  of their existing liability, said jaitley.
he left the exemption limit unchanged at rs 2.
5 lakh.
with the reduction, those earning rs 3 lakh will continue to be exempt from paying taxes, as the government provides rs 5,000 rebate under the income tax act to all those earning up to rs 5 lakh.
as of now, the tax on rs 3 lakh income is rs 5,000 but after the rebate of rs 5000 the effective tax is nil.
with the reduction in the slab, all taxpayers earning more than rs 5 lakh will get a benefit of rs 12,500.
while the taxation liability of people with income upto rs 5 lakh is being reduced to half, all the other categories of tax payers in the subsequent slabs will also get a uniform benefit of rs 12,500 per person, he said.
but, those earning between rs 50 lakh and rs 1 crore will now have to pay a surcharge of 10 .
the surcharge of 15  will continue for people with an income of rs 1 crore and above.
fiscal prudence has prevailed over populism budget continues the agenda of growth for all and focus on global and india realities, sonu iyer, tax partner and people advisory services leader, ey india, said.
jaitley recognised the contribution of the salaried class to the tax revenues but didnt meet the expectation of standard deduction of tax payers, he said.
to simplify the procedure and encourage compliance, he announced a simple one-page form for individuals with taxable income of up to rs 5 lakh.
those with a taxable income of rs 5 lakh and filing returns for the first time would be exempt from scrutiny in the first year unless there is specific information available with the (it) department regarding his high value transaction, the minister said.
in india only about 1  out of 1.
25 billion people pay taxes.
among the 37 million individuals who filed tax returns in 2015-16, 9.
9 million showed income below the exemption limit of rs 2.
5 lakh.
around two 19.
5 million showed income between rs 2.
5 lakh and rs 5 lakh.
while 5.
2 million showed income between rs 5 lakh and rs 10 lakh, and only 2.
4 million declared income above rs 10 lakh.
of the 7.
6 million individual who declared income of above rs 5 lakh, 5.
6 million are the salaried class.
we can contrast this with the fact that in the last five years, more than 1.
25 crore cars have been sold, and number of indian citizens who flew abroad, either for business or tourism, is 2 crore in the year 2015, he said.
the minister said data received post-demonetisation would be used to expand the tax base.
after demonetisation, the preliminary analysis of data received in respect of deposits made by people in old currency presents a revealing picture.
this data mining will help us immensely in expanding the tax net as well as increasing the revenues, he said.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) in delhi wants uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath as its star campaigner for the april 23 municipal elections.
the election management committee has listed 53 party leaders, including adityanath, who they want to canvass support in delhi next month.
the list of star campaigners sent to central leadership, however, does not contain the name of prime minister narendra modi.
apart from up cm, the delhi bjp wants chief ministers of all party-ruled states-- manohar parrikar (goa), trivendra singh rawat (uttarakhand), devendra fadnavis (maharashtra), manohar lal khattar (haryana), shivraj singh chauhan (madhya pradesh), vasundhara raje (rajasthan), raman singh (chhattisgarh), raghubar das (jharkhand), and sarbananda sonowal (assam) -- to campaign during the elections.
rajiv babbar, vice-present of delhi bjp and convener of the media committee, said the state unit has requested for a few union ministers too.
the names of star campaigners have been suggested by our party workers.
they want leaders from other states.
now, the central leadership will check with them and apprise us about their availability.
then, we will prepare a schedule for their rallies accordingly, he said.
significant number of voters in delhi are from other states.
therefore, to establish a connect with them, the party has decided to bring leaders from other states for the campaigning, he said.
babbar said all state party leaders were of the view that the union ministers will be the best persons to tell people of delhi about various schemes specially launched for the city by the bjp-led nda government since 2014.
they know better than us.
if they tell citizens about the work being done by the centre, it will be good.
they can explain those schemes better.
delhi bjp president manoj tiwari will lead the campaign, he said.
union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley , m venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, ravi shankar prasad, smriti irani, jitendra singh, kalraj mishra, radha mohan singh, giriraj singh, dr harsh vardhan, vijay goel and sanjeev balyan will campaign for party candidates in delhi.
all possible alternatives are being considered to make air india viable, the civil aviation ministry said on tuesday, even as it asserted that the clock cannot be put back on the indian airlines merger.
days after finance minister arunjaitley pitched for air indias disinvestment, civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju said no option has been closed for the airline.
niti aayog has made recommendations for making air india strong and viable.
all courses of action are being examined.
we have not closed any option, raju told reporters here.
asserting that the government is proud of air india, raju said the ministry would cooperate with the cbi in respect of cases related to alleged irregularities at the airline in the past.
air india, which is surviving on a rs 30,000 crore bail- out package spread over 10 years announced by the manmohan singh government in 2012, is working on ways to improve its financial position.
in 2015-16, the airline posted operational profit of rs 105 crore on account of low fuel prices and increased passenger numbers.
minister of state for civil aviation jayant sinha said whatever that would be done for air india will be in national interest.
we are considering all possible alternatives (for air india).
.
.
we are discussing (what can be) the winning strategy for the airline, sinha said.
asked about air india and indian airlines merger that happened in 2007, which is seen as a reason for the problems of the national carrier, raju said the clock cannot be put back on the deal.
the cbi has decided to probe the controversial merger besides alleged irregularities in purchase and lease of aircraft by the two state-run carriers under the upa government which caused huge losses to the exchequer.
the probe agency has registered three firs and a preliminary enquiry (pe) to go into the controversial decisions made by the erstwhile upa government with regard to the carriers, including surrender of profitable routes to favour private airlines.
the cases have been registered against unidentified officials of air india, ministry of civil aviation and others under charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and corruption, cbi spokesperson r k gaur said on monday.
the cag had in 2011 questioned the rationale behind the governments decision to order 111 airplanes for ai and indian airlines -- 48 from airbus and 68 from boeing -- for about rs 70,000 crore in 2006.
the government has set a target of $45 billion exports from the countrys textile and garment sector in 2017-18, lower than the $48 billion set for the last fiscal which was missed by a huge margin.
the countrys overall textiles and garments exports during 2015-16 stood at $40 billion, mainly because of less demand in major markets such as the us, eu and china, and stiff competition it faced from countries like vietnam and bangladesh, which enjoy an edge over india.
we have set a target of $45 billion for textiles and garment exports in the current fiscal, a top official told pti.
besides, the textiles ministry plans to unveil a package for the knitwear sector, which is grappling with enormous financial stress due to lack of automation leading to much lower productivity than countries like china.
we will announce a big package for the knitwear industry which is facing several challenges in the next one month or so, union textiles minister smriti irani said while addressing a press conference here.
however, irani did not provide a timeline for the unveiling of the much-awaited new national textiles policy.
the minister also said that roadshows have been held in six countries including the uk, us, china, russia, south korea and uae to attract the industry and potential investors for the textiles india event, to be inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi in gandhinagar on june 30.
the three-day mega event plans to showcase india as a global sourcing hub and will be attended by several union ministers including finance minister arunjaitley and irani, and provide a platform to connect and collaborate with global manufacturers, investors and buyers in the textiles sector.
asked about violation of norms by some special purpose vehicles operating in textile parks and a report commissioned by the textiles ministry concluding that the scheme for integrated textile parks (sitp) has failed to achieve its objectives, irani said if violations come to light, the office of the textiles commissioner takes positive or punitive steps to ensure that there is no anomaly or transgression.
she said the textiles commissioners office has confirmed that around rs 3,000 crore have been approved as additional investments in the apparel segment, which will generate more employment in the entire sector.
the government in june 2016 had approved a rs 6,006 crore special package for textiles and apparel sector to create one crore new jobs in 3 years, attracting investments of $11 billion and generating $30 billion in exports.
the minister informed that funds to the tune of over rs 1,900 crore have been given to the apparel industry under the rebate of state levies to boost exports from the sector.
besides, she said under the pradhan mantri paridhan rozgar protsahan yojana, over 1.
4 lakh workers have registered themselves for provident fund.
here are the top news stories of the day to look out for:1) babri masjid demolition case: sc revives charges against advani, joshi and bhartisenior bjp leaders lk advani, murli manohar joshi, uma bharti and others will be tried for conspiring to bring down 16th century babri mosque in ayodhya 25 years ago, the supreme court said on wednesday.
accepting the cbis plea for restoration of criminal charges against these leaders and others, a bench of justice pc ghose and justice rf nariman ordered day-to-day hearing in the case, setting a two-year deadline for the trial to be completed.
the case will be heard by a lucknow court.
for live updates, click here2) china renames 6 places in arunachal pradesh on its official map after dalai lamas visitchina has unilaterally renamed six places in arunachal pradesh in standard chinese in what appears to be the first sign of retaliation against the 14th dalai lamas visit to the northeastern state earlier this month.
calling the indian state as part of the border dispute with india, beijing says arunachal pradesh is part of south tibet with close buddhist links with the tibet autonomous region (tar) in the mainland.
official chinese maps show the state as part of south tibet.
read the story here.
3) h1-b visa: more indians in us seek jobs back home as trump order says buy american, hire americanmore indians living in the us want a job back home after donald trump became the president of the worlds largest economy.
the number of indians in the us searching for jobs in india has gone up more than 10-fold between december and march, according to an analysis by consulting firm deloitte touche tohmatsu pvt ltd, shared exclusively with mint.
there were approximately 600 us-based indians seeking jobs in india in december 2016.
by the end of march 2017, the number had gone up to approximately 7,000, deloitte analysis said.
read the full story here.
4) top 16 decisions in 30 days: yogi adityanaths first month as uttar pradesh cmyogi adityanath, who completes one month as uttar pradesh chief minister today, has hit the ground running, grabbing headlines with a series of decisions ranging from banning paan and gutkha at government offices to cracking down on illegal slaughterhouses and setting up anti-romeo squads.
read the story here.
5) bjp president amit shah to address rally to mark centenary of gandhis visit to champaranbjp national president amit shah will address a rally of farmers at motihari in east champaran district today to mark the centenary of mahatma gandhis visit to champaran in april 1917 to join the struggle of local farmers against the exploitative indigo planters.
the bjp has given the name kisan kumbh to the proposed gathering of farmers that was being organized under its aegis.
union minister for agriculture and farmers welfare radha mohan singh, who is also the partys mp from purbi champaran (motihari), has been camping there since april 12 to oversee the preparations being made for the kisan kumbh.
6) sc to hear telangana governments plea on krishna river watersthe supreme court will today hear the telangana governments plea for a fresh consideration of allocation of krishna river water among all four riparian states  telangana, andhra pradesh, maharashtra and karnataka.
telanganas counsel has submitted that the krishna water disputes tribunal should re-hear the case on allocation of the river water taking into consideration the separate rights of the newly-formed telangana.
the court had earlier categorically refused  without prejudice to any other writ or special leave petitions filed by telangana  to interfere with the decision of the krishna water dispute tribunalii to confine the question of re-allocation of river water to the two successor states of telangana and andhra and not all the four riparian states.
7) arunjaitley leaves for us to attend wb, imf, g20 meetsfinance minister arunjaitley leaves on a five-day visit to the united states to participate in the spring meetings of the world bank and international monetary fund as well as deliberations of g20 nations.
during his stay in washington and new york, he will hold meetings with american ceos and institutional and pension fund investors.
8) non-fossil fuels will form over half of indias energy capacity in 10 years, says govtnon-fossil fuels -- renewables, nuclear and large hydroelectric power plants -- will account for more than half (56.
5 ) of indias installed power capacity within the 10 years to 2027, according to a draft of the third national electricity plan (nep3) released in december 2016.
the draft notes that if india achieves its target to install 175 gigawatts (gw, which consists of 1,000 megawatts) of renewable energy capacity by 2022 -- as it has committed to under the 2015 paris agreement -- it will not need to install, at least until 2027, any more coal-fired capacity than the 50 gw currently under construction.
read the story here.
9) simply reviewing h-1b programme is too little too late, say us lawmakersthe executive order signed by president donald trump calling for a review of h-1b visas is too little and too late, us lawmakers said, even as more half a dozen legislations on reforming the programme are pending in the house of representatives and the senate.
we already know h-1b visa abuse hurts american workers.
simply reviewing the program is too little, too late, senator dick durbin said after trump signed the order directing his administration to review the functioning of the system.
many of the proposals pending in congress are discriminatory and targeted towards indian it companies, according to industry body nasscom.
read the story here.
10) us experts surprised by what they saw at north koreas nuclear test siteus experts who have been forecasting an imminent north korean nuclear test said on tuesday they were surprised when they viewed their latest satellite images of the countrys punggye-ri nuclear test site and saw volleyball games underway.
an expert offered two possible explanations -- that the test site could be going into a standby mode or that the games were intended to confuse observers, given north korea knows that punggye-ri is under constant observation.
read the story here.
11) adidas apologises for insensitive email saying you survived boston marathonadidas has apologised for sending out a marketing email praising customers it said survived this years boston marathon.
the subject line of the email sent tuesday by adidas running read: congrats, you survived the boston marathon!
on social media, customers quickly reminded the company about the real survivors of the 2013 boston marathon bombing.
three people were killed and more than 260 others were wounded when two bombs exploded near the finish line in that attack.
the sports company quickly apologised, saying it was incredibly sorry for the insensitive subject line about mondays race.
read the story here.
the rajya sabha today took up the four bills related to the gst, with the opposition questioning the governments preparedness to implement the indirect tax regime and urging for a mechanism to insulate taxpayers from harassment by tax authorities.
initiating a debate on the bills, deputy leader of congress anand sharma said, it is important that as you go for implementation, both the centre and the state governments should create an institutional mechanism which protects or insulates the taxpayers from harassment.
he said the government should not create multiple windows of tax harassment, search, seizure and arrests which is already happening.
if it leads to that situation, then surely you will not be helping the economy and the industry nor the consumers, the former union minister said while speaking on the debate on the central gst bill, 2017; the integrated gst bill, 2017; the gst (compensation to states) bill, 2017; and the union territory gst bill, 2017 which were passed by the lok sabha last week.
sharma urged finance minister arunjaitley and the gst council to keep most of the goods, which are used by the common man, at the tax rate of 5 per cent.
he said the government should resist the temptation to bring maximum goods and services under the rate of 18 per cent, cautioning that such a move will be inflationary.
a moderate rate would facilitate compliance, he said.
are we actually going to create an efficient tax structure, reduce the burden of compliance, ensuring that the final gst rate will not be too high?
i have my doubts.
it is because multiple gst rates have been introduced, he said.
he also raised concerns about the governments preparedness to implement the gst in the midst of the financial year, saying there is hardly any time left now as the government is keen to roll out the indirect tax reform from july 1.
he also asked whether the government will subsume all the multiple cesses that have been imposed in the past into the gst, terming these as an additional tax burden.
when we look at the global scenario, the gst rate is below 18 per cent, sharma said.
he said there is no safeguard clause and no proposal on how the government will address inflation arising out of the implementation of the gst.
if the government keeps the service tax at the model gst rate of 18 per cent, it will translate into a 3.
5 per cent increase, which will be hugely inflationary, he said.
sharma said the gst negates the ease of doing business environment as businesses will need to acquire registration in every state they wish to operate in.
he suggested the government to set up a comprehensive registration authority.
he said the harsh provisions related to the recovery of tax should not be implemented during the transition phase of the gst.
sharma also sought to know what will happen to the exemptions given to north east and special category states and the special economic zones.
hitting back at finance minister arunjaitley for advocating repeal of special status of jammu and kashmir, pdp president mehbooba mufti said on saturday that the relationship between the union and the state would be over if article 370 of the constitution is revoked.
jaitley must understand this.
it is not an easy thing to say.
if you scrap (article) 370, your relation with j-k will be over, mehbooba told party workers at her residence here.
jaitley had on thursday advocated repeal of jammu and kashmirs special status and said article 35a, which restricts non-permanent residents to buy property in jammu and kashmir, is constitutionally vulnerable and also hampering economic development of the state.
mehbooba said article 370 was a bridge between the union and the state and if the special provision of the constitution was revoked, then new delhi would have to renegotiate its relationship with jammu and kashmir.
the former chief minister has said in case article 370 is revoked, jammu and kashmir will have to rethink whether it wants to stay with india.
because if you have given us a special position in the constitution of india and you break that position, then we will have to rethink whether we would even want to stay with you without conditions, she said.
earlier, national conference leader mohammad abdullah wani and awami insaf party chief ghulam ahmad sheikh saloora joined the pdp, along with their supporters.
wani and saloora were welcomed into the party fold by mehbooba and party patron muzaffar hussain beigh.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
buckingham palace in london is set for a historic taste of indian flavours as queen elizabeth ii hosts the launch of the uk-india year of culture.
the day begins with the band of the grenadier guards playing a r rahmans oscar-winning jai ho among other indian-themed music at the traditional changing of the guard ceremony to crowds of tourists outside the palace in central london.
later in the evening, the 90-year-old queen will be joined by husband duke of edinburgh prince philip, grandson prince william and his wife kate as they host a first-ever reception to celebrate uk-india cultural ties.
the reception will bring together the best of british and indian culture and creativity, represented through a range of high profile guests with an interest in both countries, a buckingham palace statement said.
finance minister arunjaitley will be representing the indian government at the reception alongside special guests from the fields of performing arts, fashion, food, literature and sport.
some of the guest list revealed by the palace includes actors kunal nayyar, neha kapur and ayesha dharker, sports stars kapil dev and rio ferdinand and sitar maestro anoushka shankar.
a host of designers and cultural ambassadors from india will also be among the 200 special guests at the gala event.
a highlight of the evening will include a special indian themed menu of canapes prepared by royal chefs working alongside chefs from veeraswamy, the uks oldest indian restaurant.
there will also be a display from the royal collection including items from previous royal visits to india, and indian gifts and manuscripts from the royal library, the palace said.
the 2017 uk-india year of culture was announced during prime minister narendra modis visit to the uk in november 2015 as a celebration of the deep cultural ties between india and the uk and the 70th anniversary of indias independence through a year-long programme of events and exhibitions in india and the uk.
the events are being organised by the british council, together with the indian high commission in london, uk cultural institutions and their indian counterparts.
this is not just a one year wonder.
we hope it will trigger better and meaningful connections on both sides for the future, said baroness usha prashar, deputy chair of the british council, at a curtain raiser event.
finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday expressed optimism over an improvement in tax collections after the roll out of goods and services tax hopefuly from july 2017.
in the last two years, tax buoyancy has improved.
for 2016-17, the budget estimate was rs 16.
25 lakh crore.
we revised it up to rs 17 lakh crore.
it is possible to surpass even the revised target as well.
for 2017-18, the target for tax collection is set at rs 19.
we expect a big change in tax collection from july.
the gst council has finalised the legislation after arriving at a consensus of all issues in the last 12 meetings, he said adding the government is trying to implement the gst.
the last date for gst roll out is september 15 but we are trying it from july, he said.
the cabinet recently approved the four crucial billscgst, igst, ut-gst and compensation ruleneeded to roll out gst.
the gst council has already finalized a four-slab gst structure of 5 , 12 , 18  and 28 .
earlier, arunjaitley highlighted that the gst will help lower prices and make tax evasion difficult.
the biggest taxation reform what we are trying to implement from july 1 is goods and services tax.
he said the tax department is trying to make the i-t backbone so strong so that evasion becomes difficult and hence only limited number of cases are taken up for scrutiny.
the union cabinet this week cleared four supplementary gst legislations which will be introduced in parliament in the ongoing budget session.
for the last three years we have been the fastest growing major economy, we will continue to be in that phase.
i think for india to achieve the growth rate of 7-8 per cent is reasonably logically plausible.
what strikes us today is two important factors - unpredictable global slowdown and the rhetoric of protectionism in developed economies - have not affected india, he said at make in india-karnataka conference here.
not a single sound or even a whisper of protectionism is being heard in india and such talk is there only in the developed economies, he said, adding that this itself is a tribute to the fact that the country is willing to accept investments and tune its policies.
jaitley said there is tremendous pressure on government policy makers because of peoples impatience to see india grow at a faster rate and get rid of poverty, among other things.
he said the environment supporting reform has never been as supported in the past as today and so it is the responsibility of both the central and state governments to put themselves together and look at the road map of continuing this path of growth.
the minister also said that in spite of indias growth being pegged at 7  to 7.
5  growth rate, it is not a satisfied nation and has hunger to grow even faster.
we are not satisfied with the tag of being the fastest economy in the world.
we think we have a potential to do better, he said.
jaitley lauded karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah, his ministers and civil servants for working with a positive frame of mind for implementation of gst by the middle of this year, which, he said, would bring a transformational change.
he said once the gst regime is implemented, the whole country will become one big market with easy flow of goods and services, with the help of good taxation system and one assessment system, instead of multiple ones.
so on the one hand, you have a system where evasion becomes difficult and on the other, generation of shadow economy through taxation system becomes more difficult, he added.
jaitley said government has taken a series of steps to integrate the informal economy with the formal one, which could increase revenue for states as well as the centre.
the government has chosen to invest in agriculture, infrastructure and social sectors, he said.
we have chosen to invest in agriculture where a larger purchasing power is in existence, he said.
jaitley said it is only when karnataka achieves 2  to 3  higher than the national growth rate that its ability to lead india economically would become a reality.
you are one of the most innovative states.
you have a very progressive population, a progressive set of policies.
the conference was organised by the department of industrial policy and promotion, karnataka government and confederation of indian industry.
goods and services tax will usher in a very simple and less burdensome taxation regime as it will be a single rate indirect tax which can be paid by debit/credit cards, cheque and neft, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said today.
he said, gst will make it easier for traders and industry to access input tax credit and also ease compliance burden as the entire country will become a single market.
gst is a very very simple thing to follow, it is going to be very easy for all of you.
there will not be any border restriction when you move goods from one state to another.
and many of the small small taxes will go away.
it will be one unified tax, adhia said at the vibrant gujarat global summit here.
the government had planned to roll out gst, which will subsume excise and service tax and other local levies, from april 1,2017.
however, contentious issues like jurisdiction over assesses, remain to be resolved by the gst council chaired by union finance minister arun jaitley.
we are working overtime to make it a reality as early as possible.
our target date is april 1, 2017, and we will see to it that we try our best to bring it to people, adhia said, adding that taxes can be paid by way of neft, rtgs, cheque, and debit/credit cards.
explaining the procedure of tax payment under the new tax regime, he said gst is a single tax and integrated gst on cross border movement of goods and services is only an interim tax for which input tax credit can be claimed.
gst will indeed become a very simple and less burdensome tax for most of the people of the country.
be it manufacturers or traders.
simple tax, single compliance procedure, it will become very very simple for the people to pay taxes, adhia said.
the gst council has already reached an agreement on a 4-tier tax structure.
besides, a cess on demerit, luxury and some more goods would be levied.
as many as 156 senior officials of various state-owned banks have been suspended and 41 transferred after they were found involved in irregularities related to demonetisation, parliament was informed today.
certain bank officials have been found involved in irregularities relating to demonetisation.
on the basis of prima facie involvement in the irregularities, public sector banks (psbs) are so far reported to have placed 156 officials under suspension and to have transferred 41 officials, finance minister arunjaitley said in the lok sabha.
psbs are also reported to have filed 26 cases with the police or cbi wherever criminal cases are involved, he added.
rbi has further informed that the banks have initiated internal investigation and complaints have been filed with police/cbi, he pointed out.
rbi had advised the banks to take action to prevent/ detect/contain the malpractices or wrongdoing by staff in branches exchange/deposit of sbns.
in the said circular, banks were also advised to strengthen the internal/concurrent audit process including random visits/scrutinies so as to detect and avoid any malpractice in the exchange/deposit of sbns in the branches.
following the decision of the government to demonetise old rs 500 and rs 1000 notes from mid night of november 8, people had deposited invalid notes into banks.
finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday given the additional charge of the defence ministry after manohar parrikar resigned to take on the new role of goa chief minister.
a rashtrapati bhawan communique said that the resignation of parrikar as the defence minister, on advice of prime minister narendra modi, has been accepted with immediate effect.
further, as advised by the prime minister, the president has directed that arunjaitley , cabinet minister, shall be assigned the charge of the ministry of defence, in addition to his existing portfolios, the communique said.
parrikar submitted his resignation after bjp staked claim to form an alliance government in goa.
he will be sworn in as the chief minister of goa tomorrow heading the bjp-led ministry which has the support of regional outfits and independents.
this is the second time that arunjaitley is holding the additional portfolio of defence ministry during the present nda government.
he was incharge of the ministry earlier from may 26 to november 9 in 2014.
state-owned oil and natural gas corporation (ongc) may acquire indias third-biggest fuel retailer hpcl in an about rs 44,000 crore (usd 6.
6 billion) deal as part of the governments plan to create an integrated oil giant.
following up on finance minister arunjaitley budget announcement of creating an integrated oil company, indias biggest oil and gas producer ongc may buy all of the governments 51.
11  stake in hindustan petroleum corporation ltd (hpcl).
this will have to be followed by an open offer to acquire additional 26 per cent from other shareholders of hpcl.
the government is looking at creating an integrated oil company and the idea is to merge an oil producer with a refiner, a top source said.
there are only six major companies in the sector - ongc and oil india ltd being the oil producers, indian oil corp (ioc), hpcl and bharat petroleum corp ltd (bpcl) in refinery business and gail in midstream gas transportation business.
the rest such as ongc videsh, chennai petroleum corp (cpcl), numaligarh refinery ltd and mangalore refinery (mrpl) are already subsidiaries of one of these six psus.
so, the options are very limited.
one option is to merge refiners hpcl and bpcl with ongc and merge ioc and oil.
now this would create two large vertically integrated oil companies.
but this would also mean limiting the choice for consumers to just two companies for buying fuel, he said.
the possible way out is to merge hpcl with ongc while keeping bpcl separate.
bpcl already has a flourishing upstream arm in bharat petroresources ltd which can be strengthened further.
this way consumers will continue to have three fuel retailers in ioc, ongc-hpcl combine and bpcl, he said.
hpcl will add 23.
8 million tonnes of annual oil refining capacity to ongcs portfolio, making it the third-largest refiner in the country after ioc and reliance industries.
ongc already is majority owner of mrpl, which has a 15-mt refinery.
the source said ongc buying hpcl will require two sets of cabinet approval - one where the government approves sale of its all or part of its 51.
11 per cent stake to ongc, and the other for allowing ongc to spend the money on stake buy.
considering todays trading price of rs 561, ongc will have to pay the government rs 29,128 crore for 51.
11 per cent stake.
it will then have to buy another 26 per cent from the open market for rs 14,817 crore, taking the total acquisition price to about rs 44,000 crore.
the merger will help the worlds third-largest oil consumer better compete with global majors in acquiring foreign assets.
more than 12 years after a proposal to merge oil psus was first mooted by the then oil minister mani shankar aiyar, arunjaitley in his budget for 2017-18 proposed to create an integrated public sector oil major which will be able to match the performance of international and domestic private sector oil and gas companies.
the behemoth so created will not just compete globally, but withstand oil price volatility by using profits the refining business make in low oil prices to make up for losses in upstream and vice versa.
response to the pradhan mantri garib kalyan yojana (pmgky) has not been so good, with only rs 5,000 crore unaccounted income being declared under the amnesty scheme, the government said today.
the scheme was launched in december last year to enable people with black money to come clean by paying tax and penalty of 50 .
the response (to the pmgky) has not been so good.
.
.
about rs 5,000 crore of income was declared in pmgky.
there are mainly two factors for it.
one, even before the scheme was announced people had tried to put their cash into different accounts.
second was the (tax and penalty) rate, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia told reporters.
keep in mind that pmgky in that financial year was not an isolated scheme.
you first had the ids, then you had people depositing cash in banking system knowing it would incur a tax liability and pmgky was over and above that.
when you look at the total amount of disclosures made, you have to look at all three of them collectively, the minister said, adding the government is continuing the drive against black money under the benami law.
besides, in the four-month window provided under the income disclosure scheme (ids) between june-september 2016, as much as rs 67,382 crore worth illicit wealth was declared.
offering one last window to black money holders post demonetisation, the government had come out with pmgky giving them time until march-end to come clean by paying tax and penalty.
it provided for payment of 49.
9  tax, surcharge and penalty.
also, a mandatory deposit of 25  of the black money was to be made in a zero-interest bearing account for four years.
the bharatiya janata party has won stunning election victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, a personal triumph for prime minister narendra modi that could now ensure his partys near-domination of politics in india.
the bjp registered the biggest-ever victory by any political party in uttar pradesh since indira gandhi led the congress to 309 seats in 1980 before the state was divided.
the results routed the samajwadi party-congress alliance, as well as the bahujan samaj party, once a dominant power in a state where the bjp last ruled in 2002.
the bjp wrested uttarakhand from the congress.
the two were neck-and-neck in manipur and goa, where smaller parties will now hold the balance of power.
catch live updates from the day after the assembly election results were announced:9.
55pm: venkaiah naidu and bhupendra yadav are observers for uttar pradesh, narendra tomar and saroj pandey observers for uttarakhand.
piyush goyal and vinay sahasrabuddhe are observers for manipur, says union minister jp nadda, during a press conference in delhi, following the bjps parliamentary board meet.
amit shah has been authorised by the parliamentary board to make the final decision (of who will become cms) after observers submit their respective reports.
9.
45pm: sources say the lone all india trinamool congress legislator t robindro singh has also extended support to the bjp coalition in manipur.
read | bjp gets the numbers, stakes claim to form govt in manipurdespite coming second with just 21 seatsbjp managed to get support of 4 mlas each from npf and npp and also from the lone lok janshakti party legislator karam shyam.
9.
12pm: union transport minister nitin gadkari confirms manohar parrikar as the bjps chief minister candidate in goa.
he also said the bjp has staked claim to form the government with the support of mgp, gfp and othersshri @manoharparrikar will be the chief minister candidate for the @bjp4india led government in the state of goa  nitin gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) march 12, 20179.
00pm: meanwhile, in manipur, bjp mlas and its supporting mlas meet governor najma heptulla8.
35pm: definitely, it was difficult as it was a new department but i am happy that no corruption allegations were levelled against our government, says parrikar on heading the defence ministry.
when asked about what he regards as achievements, he lists, boosting morale, better procurement.
read | bjp secures support of regional parties, all set to return to power in goa8.
25pm: congress mla shyamkumar singh from andro assembly constituency, manipur defects from congress; joins bjp, reports ani.
8.
20pm: parrikar begins speaking, thanks gadkari for coming to goa in such short notice.
he also thanks bjp leaders for showing trust in him.
this is a mandate given by the people, though we fell short of majority.
together we have reached the magic figure of 21.
we met the governor, expecting an invitation.
once we receive it,we will consult our colleagues and decide the date for swearing in, says parrikar.
vijai sardesai of the goa forward party says: we will be watchdogs.
our party colleagues have reservations about this tie-up.
but in political life there are some hard choices.
we will not betray the cause of the party.
eventually everyone will be happy and everyone will go forward.
8.
10pm: union minister nitin gadkari begins press conference in goa on formation of government.
ive been told by other parties that they will extend support to bjp only if parrikar becomes the chief minister of the state.
parrikar has no resigned as the defence minister yet.
the bjp parliamentary board has agreed to allow parrikar to resign but there is a procedure that needs to be followed first.
if goa needs it, parrikar says hes ready to resign as defence minister.
we are in talks with independent mlas and other parties and respect their wishes for a stable government.
defence minister manohar parrikar, union minister nitin gadkari with bjp, mgp, goa forward party leaders and 3 independent mlas at the goa governors house, to stake claim to form government in the state.
(ani)8.
00pm: similar series of events unfold in manipur as the bjp, with other allies, seek an appointment with the state governor to stake claim to form the government.
the national peoples party has now extended support to the bjp, enabling it to reach the 31-seat-mark in the 60-member assembly.
the bjp won 21 seats in the assembly elections in manipur.
it has already been promised support by the naga peoples front which has four seats, the lok janshakti party (one) and one independent.
the npp won four seats in the recent assembly elections.
7.
50pm: manohar parrikar tells ani that he has not resigned from his post as defence minister.
7.
30pm: meanwhile, sudin dhavalikar of the maharashtrawadi gomantak party extends support to the bjp, with the three seats that his party won.
he dismisses allegations of horse-trading.
a self-described chanakya of goa politics, dhavalikar has been part of every state government, be it led by the bjp or the congress, since 1998.
sudin dhavalikar of mgp gives support of three seats to bjp.
half battle won for the party in goa @httweets pic.
twitter.com/n0x4hvzqnx  nida khan (@begamtalks) march 12, 2017vijai sardesai of the goa forward party has also pledged support to bjp, saying his party has a nationalistic agenda and that this is the options that would bring stability and development in the state.
his party holds three seats.
the bjp state high command in goa has left for the governors house with the support of both the goa forward and the mgp.
7.
20pm: ours is a government for everyone, says modi.
he thanks amit shah and those who campaigned in the five states and concludes his address with chants of bharat mata ki jai and vande mantaram.
7.
15pm: we aim to take 125 crore indians together in our efforts towards building a new india, says modi.
want to assure the people in the 5 states that we leave no stones unturned to fulfill your aspirations.
in 2022, we mark 75 years of independence, which will be a landmark moment for the nation.
i had said that we are new, have less experience and can make mistakes, but wont do anything with wrong intentions.
i am happy that people ask me: why do you work so much?
7.
10pm: through the membership drive, the bjp has been able to become the largest political party in the world.
we have never got anything for free or easily.
and we do not have any regrets.
we are ones who have always been working for people, says modi.
i am not someone who looks at things only from an election perspective.
i look at the well-being of the people.
7.
00pm: the poor are saying: i want to progress and i seek the opportunity from you.
this is the foundation of a new india, says pm modi to supporters.
with these wins we have the responsibility of being humble.
power is not about posts.
power is an opportunity to serve.
generations of individuals have given their lives to build this party.
they travelled all over india to make the party strong.
these elections are an emotional issue for us.
they come when we mark the centenary celebrations of pandit deen dayal ji.
antyodaya is integral to our work.
we understand the strength of indias poor.
the burden on the middle class should reduce.
this will enable our middle classes to shine.
the strength of the poor and the aspirations of the middle class will take india to new heights, says modi.
pm @narendramodi: will work to fulfill expectations of all.
this is an opportunity to serve the people.
burden on middle class should reduce pic.
twitter.com/gbj4bo216a  doordarshan news (@ddnewslive) march 12, 20176.
45pm: prime minister narendra modi begins speaking by wishing everyone a happy holi.
chorus of modi, modi from his supporters greets him.
there are many reasons for a win but such an empathetic win after such a record turnout is special and makes everyone think.
elections empower people to participate in nation-building, says modi.
it is a positive sign for democracy to see people coming out in large numbers to exercise their franchise.
a new india is emerging, says the pm.
it is a new india which encapsulates the aspirations of women.
a new india that is about opportunities for the poor.
.
.
.
.
the india of the dreams of indias yuva shakti.
6.
35pm: bjp leaders including rajnath singh, amit shah felicitate modi on stage, pm to speak shortly.
amit shah now addressing supporters who have gathered outside the party headquarters.
he wishes everyone a happy holi and calls this years festive season an auspicious time for country and party.
the mandate given by the people this time, is two steps ahead of the 2014 election mandate, says amit shah.
he talks about the unprecedented wins the party managed in both uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
it is bjps pro-poor policies that helped us win elections.
he talks about demonetisation and how the poor have followed modi and the partys vision for development.
6.
30pm: pm modi offers tribute to deendayal upadhyay at bjp headquarters.
6.
23pm: pm modi walks the last stretch to bjps headquarters at ashoka road in delhi:prime minister narendra modi arrives at bjp hq in delhi amid loud 'modi modi' chants #electionresults pic.
twitter.com/pguiglcp3l  ani (@ani_news) march 12, 2017madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and union minister ravi shankar prasad reach headquarters to celebrate the bjps win.
5.
45pm: reports now coming in that bjp mla pramod sawant says the party has received letters of support from mgp and two independent mlas in goa and that the party is now confident of forming the government.
meanwhile, in manipur, bjp seeks appointment with state governor najma heptulla.
5.
30pm: with the bjp needing eight seats to reach the magic figure of 21, and the congress four short of a majority, smaller parties and independents now hold the key to government formation in goa.
here is the list of possible kingmakers.
5.
15pm: samajwadi party leader mulayam singh yadav defends his son akhilesh yadav after the partys loss in uttar pradesh elections, saying no one person is responsible for the defeat.
5.
00pm: digvijay singh now accuses bjp of horse-trading to reach the majority mark.
the bjp has been involved in horse-trading, promising sums, ministries, corporations and suvs to the non-bjp mlas to get their support, congress general secretary digvijaya singh alleged.
i have never seen in any other state where a political party which has been rejected outright, where the cm has lost, six ministers have lost, yet they are staking claim to form the government, he told reporters in panaji.
4.
45pm: the naga peoples front has reiterated that they will support any non-congress party to form a new government in manipur.
the naga peoples front bagged four seats yesterday in manipur elections, which threw up a hung assembly with the ruling congress bagging 28 of the 60 seats and the bjp making giant strides to muster 21.
we are an alliance of nda and therefore we will support the north east democratic alliance, which comprises non-congress parties even in manipur, npf spokesperson achumbemo kikon said.
4.
35pm: meeting of congress mlas begins to discuss the head of the legislature in goa; meeting headed by congress leader digvijay singh, reports ani.
4.
00pm: bjp supporters throng outside the partys headquarters at ashoka road in new delhi.
prime minister narendra modis roadshow is expected to begin shortly.
@bjp4india workers at party headquarters.
@narendramodi to join soon.
@httweets pic.
twitter.com/xgq13a0yov  kumar uttam (@meetuttam) march 12, 20173.
50pm: congress amarinder singh says he has met the punjab governor and staked claim to form the government in the state.
march 16 has been fixed as the date of swearing in.
talking to media outside punjab raj bhawan here today, he said that he will go to delhi on march 14 to meet congress vice president rahul gandhi and discuss formation of the new government.
3.
00pm: congress spokesperson randeep surjewala alleges that the bjp is misusing cisf and airport authorities to detain and abduct independent mla asabuddin at imphal airport.
he says the mla was taken to calcutta.
federalism & rule of law being murdered in broad daylight by modi government, tweets surjewala.
2/n modigovt is playing a dangerous game of subverting democracy & abducting mla's by misusing cisf at imphal airport despite electoral loss  randeep s surjewala (@rssurjewala) march 12, 20171.
57pm: manipur: okram ibobi singh elected as leader of congress legislature party.
1.
52pm: parkash singh badal after tendering resignation: whatever they (congress) will do will come in front of you.
akali dal veteran parkash singh badal, along with sukhbir singh badal, during a meeting with punjab governor vp singh badnore to hand over his resignation letter after losing the punjab assembly election.
(pti)1.
36pm: congress spokesperson digvijaya singh: we are in touch with non-bjp mlas, we are confident we have numbers on our side (in goa).
.
.
is this a party of morals?
they have been defeated and doing horse-trading, promising ministries like distributing sweets.
.
.
go ahead if you (bjp) have support of more than 21, we are ready to sit in the opposition but it is a coup against peoples mandate.
1.
12pm: prime minister narendra modi may lead celebration procession from le meridien hotel to bjp headquarters in delhi ahead of parliamentary board meet.
1.
06pm: the partys legislature wing has decided that he (manohar parrikar) should head the legislature wing as cm candidate for bjp: michael lobo, bjp.
12.
47pm: maharashtrawadi gomantak party (mgp) leader sudin dhavalikar tells hindustan times his party is ready to support a bjp-led government in goa.
while the bjp has 14 seats, the mgp has won three seats in this election, meaning that an mgp-bjp alliance would still fall four seats short of a majority.
with the nda in power till 2019, we feel a bjp-led government in goa will be good for the state, dhavalikar said.
12.
31pm: yesterday, the prime minister talked to me.
he said whatever you require for punjab, i will be all willing to help.
12.
25pm: no calculation can make the bjp get the magic figure.
we request them to respect the democratic values of the country, says congress.
12.
22pm: prime minister narendra modi tweets: a new india is emerging, which is being powered by the strength & skills of 125 crore indians.
this india stands for development.
12.
20pm: no vendetta politics, no victimisation.
if name comes in investigation, we will see: amarinder singh on if there will be action on bikram majithia12.
17pm: i have already said two issues require immediate attention - one is health and one is educationif punjab has to progress, it has to be through peace and stabilitywe will reform the policepunjabs security lies in secure and friendly relations with neighbours and that is what we want12.
01pm: we are after the drug chitta (cocaine).
we will wipe it out in the state in for weeks: amarinder singh.
11.
40am: bihar cm nitish kumar congratulates bjp for up and uttarakhand victories, says rival parties ignored the fact that demonetisation gave satisfaction to poor.
i congratulate the congress for its victory in punjab.
i also appreciate that the congress turned out to be the largest party in manipur and goa elections, says kumar.
10.
53am: it was a big win (in constituency jaswantnagar), other things will be reviewed.
victory and defeat are constants in politics, says samajwadi partys shivpal yadav10.
08am: this is a victory of modi jis leadership and pro-poor policies.
the cm candidate for up will be decided by the bjps parliamentary board, says keshav prasad maurya7.
46am: not right, this is the worlds biggest democracy.
she lost because of wrong policies must accept: arunjaitley on mayawatis evm tampering allegations.
7.
42am: was popular among people and correct from economic point of view, bjp was set to benefit: finance minister arunjaitley on being asked whether demonetisation had an impact on election results7.
36am: it is a sign of change, shows that the country wants to walk with modi ji for development: union minister ravi shankar prasad on election results7.
20am: the bjps parliamentary board meeting to be held today.
meet to discuss chief ministers selection in states where the party has got majority to form the government.
pm modi to visit party headquarters.
the union cabinet will soon take a call on the winding up of the 25-year-old foreign investment promotion board (fipb), commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman said saturday.
a decision has been made for closure of the fipb.
necessary arrangements will have to be made on which discussions have happened among several ministries.
.
.
the cabinet has to take a call on it, she told reporters here.
she said this in a media briefing on initiatives and achievements of the ministry in the last three years.
finance minister arunjaitley in his budget for 2017-18 had proposed scrapping of the fipb -- an inter-ministerial body under the finance ministrys department of economic affairs that processes fdi proposals and makes recommendations for government approval.
the government is yet to announce the modalities of the new system of processing applications which fall under the approval route.
the fipb was initially constituted under the prime ministers office in the wake of economic liberalisation in the early 1990s.
sectors that are under the approval route for fdi includes defence and retail trading.
as per the proposed mechanism, respective ministries would take care of the fdi proposals.
asked about more liberalisaton in the fdi policy, sitharaman said the government has brought in a number of big-ticket reforms and the process will continue.
we will have a lot more discussions on easing up (fdi norms), she pointed out.
finance minister arunjaitley on monday made a strong case for sale of air india as he asked how fair it was to use rs 55,000-60,000 crore of tax payers money on the national carrier for having just 14  market share.
stating that the government should have exited air india 15 years back, the finance minister said he personally concurred with the niti aayogs view of privatising the debt- laden carrier, but the government will take a call on the issue.
he said civil aviation is turning into a good success story in india, with a lot of private sector players running very efficient airlines.
also, airports in the country are better than most in the world.
besides, there are more airports in india with the regional connectivity.
therefore, how fair is it for government to occupy 14  of the market share and then say some rs 55,000- 60,000 crore of tax payers money must get into this whole process, he told cnbc tv18.
air india has piled over rs 50,000 crore of debt mainly because of high maintenance cost and lease rent.
it barely made any operational profit in last decade except in fy16.
i think, therefore, sooner the government exits (better it would be).
the finance minister said he saw a great future for the aviation sector.
we have 500-600 aircrafts today.
china has 5,000 aircrafts flying.
therefore, over the next 10 years we are going to have huge number of aircraft capacity being added.
therefore, in addition to the existing players if private sector players come, participate in air indias proposed privatisation scheme, i think it will add to competition and add to quality, he said.
he, however, added that the pace and the manner in which privatisation is to be done would be decided by the civil aviation ministry.
also, the carrier operates on lucrative routes and has a lot of immovable properties.
let us see what the civil aviation ministry decides and the government will then take a collective view, he said.
refusing to comment on his last weeks meeting with civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju, where principal secretary to the prime minister nripendra mishra was also present, he said the meeting was to really to assess what is the level of immovable property air india has.
apart from considering the possibility of privatising air india, the union civil aviation ministry has asked sbi capital markets to submit a report in three months reviewing the 2012 turnaround plan (tap) and airlines inability to reduce loss.
a three-member bjp committee formed to evolve a consensus on indias new president will call on congress president sonia gandhi here on friday, informed sources said on wednesday.
this will be followed by the bjp panels meeting with cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury, the sources said.
the three members of the committee are union ministers rajnath singh, m. venkaiah naidu and arun jaitley.
when naidu on wednesday spoke to bsp leader satish chandra mishra and ncp leader praful patel over phone, he was told that the two parties will firm up their stand only after the bharatiya janata party panel meets them formally.
earlier in the day, rajnath singh and naidu met prime minister narendra modi.
in the clearest signal yet on the target of the us crackdown on alleged abuse of the h-1b temporary visa programme for foreign workers, senior trump administration officials named indian tech firms during a briefing on the presidents executive order issued last week.
you may know their names well, but like the top recipients of the h-1b visa are companies like tata, infosys, cognizant -- they will apply for a very large number of visas, more than they get, by putting extra tickets in the lottery raffle, if you will, and then theyll get the lions share of visas, an official had said.
asked why only three companies were named, the official had said, these are the top three recipients of h-1b visas.
and those three companies are companies that have an average wage for h-1b visas between $60,000 and $65,000.
by contrast, the median silicon valley software engineers wage is probably around $150,000.
so it just illustrates the point that i was walking you through about how h-1b visas are awarded.
in reply to a question if he was criticising the companies, he said, its a criticism of the way the h-1b visa program is run.
on april 18, president trump signed an executive order called buy american, hire american, directing federal agencies to review the h-1b visa programme with the aim to end fraud and abuse and ensure only the most-skilled and highest-paid applicants were successfully processed.
india has said h-1b was a trade and services issue and not one of immigration.
finance minister arunjaitley raised the matter of the review in his meetings with us commerce secretary wilbur ross and us treasury wilbur mnuchin during his visit this week to the us for the annual spring meetings of the world bank group.
the united states grants 85,000 h-1b temporary visas to high-skilled foreigners every year  65,000 hired from abroad and 20,000 from those enrolled in us colleges.
due to the heavy demand for these visa, the us citizenship and immigration services, which runs the programme, receives several time more applications than it can grant and uses an electronic lottery to pick the ones that will go through.
the administration believes the lottery system allows companies to game the system.
were going to switch away from a random lottery system in which its weighted toward the lowest wage workers towards a system that prioritises higher-skilled, higher-paid workers, which would make it much more difficult to use it to replace american workers.
american critics of the programme allege it is being abused by companies to bring foreigners, who are typically on lower wages compared to the median, to displace local workers.
the centre on wednesday released an amount of rs 17,994 crore towards cash credit limit (ccl) for punjabs wheat procurement subject to certain conditions as laid down by the reserve bank of india (rbi).
the union finance ministry and the rbi, in separate letters to principal secretary (finance) said the central government had decided to release the ccl immediately in view of the urgent need to procure wheat following early arrival of the grain in the mandis and the assurance of the state bank of india (sbi).
the ccl has been released up to the end of april on the condition that the state government would regularise, at the earliest, the outstanding balance in the food credit account of the kharif marketing season 2016.
the sbi will release funds on submission of letter of consent under article 293(3) of the constitution; the rbi informed the punjab government through its letter.
the rbi has directed the state government to ensure that all its food credit accounts are always backed by fully paid stock value as per norms.
the state government would also be required to route all its requests to the government of india for availing ccl through the state finance department.
punjab cm captain amarinder singh had met union finance minister arunjaitley on the issue and subsequently followed up through telephonic calls.
the sights, sounds and food of india will merge with royalty in the buckingham palace on monday as queen elizabeth prepares to welcome finance minister arunjaitley and a host of celebrities to launch the uk-india year of culture 2017.
the year was announced during the november 2015 visit of prime minister narendra modi, but the brexit vote six months later has prompted extra focus as india is among the top countries britain is courting to compensate for the loss of european market.
the change of guards at the palace  widely watched by tourists and others  will take place to the tunes of the song jai ho from slumdog millionaire, while chefs from veeraswamy, the oldest indian restaurant in london, will rustle up indian-themed menu in the royal kitchen.
jaitley, who is on a four-day visit mainly to represent india at the royal event, will be joined by celebrities such as kapil dev, katrina kaif, joe wright, anoushka shankar and rio ferdinand.
there will also be a display from the royal collection including items from previous royal visits to india, and indian gifts and manuscripts from the royal library.
buckingham palace noted queen elizabeth and her family have visited india several times.
her first state visit to india was in 1961, as the guest of the then president, rajendra prasad.
she then visited india in 1983 and 1997, and received three incoming state visits from india (1963, 1990 and 2009).
the most recent royal visit to india was by the duke and duchess of cambridge in 2016.
the india day at buckingham palace is part of a busy calendar of events that has been put together to celebrate the year, which also marks 70th year of indias independence.
it includes events by indian and british institutions such as the british film institute, british library, kew gardens, open university and the science museum.
copies of the magna carta and shakespeares first folio are being exhibited in india.
because of the massive devastation wrought by demonetisation of the already fragile and low-end livelihoods of informal workers, small farmers and petty businesses, many commentators anticipated that the budget would include some dramatic and high-visibility pro-poor declarations.
the high-stake political elections in five state assemblies created further incentives for populist announcements, if not substantial budget transfers, to indias impoverished workers and farmers.
however, there has been a consistent pattern with pro-farmer and pro-poor claims in past budgets of finance minister arun jaitley.
once these were scrutinised closely, we found that the promises were empty and misleading.
i expected that this was what we would see again in the 2017 budget.
i was surprised that there were surprisingly no big-ticket redistributive budget declarations.
one that did seem to carry some promise was what was touted to be the highest ever allocation of 48,000 crore rupees for the mahatma gandhi nrega.
this was of course the programme which prime minister modi had famously caricatured as a living monument to decades of congress misrule.
but i was not wrong about the economising with truth about what the budget actually delivered to the poor.
read: nrega falters as rural india suffers acute unemployment crisislast years initial budget allocation for nrega was rs 38,500 crore.
against this there seems at first a significant 25   rise.
however, the reality is that after a series of severe raps from the supreme court, during the course of 2016-17, the total allocations were raised to rs 47,500 crore.
therefore, it was a mere rs 500 crore that was added over the previous year, a rise of just 1  .
and if we factor in inflation, this years allocation does not even match that of the previous year.
what is more, as activists of the peoples action for employment guarantee calculate, 22 out of 34 states today have pending liabilities of pending wages, whereas this years allocations are almost exhausted.
with two more peak months of work still remaining, they estimate that the new financial year would begin with pending liabilities of at least rs 13,000 crore, reducing further the availability for next year.
the seismic distress created by demonetisation is likely to result in a continuing surge for wage work in nrega, and the government is bound by the law to provision as many resources as is required to fulfil this demand.
the truth of the government providing in real terms less than its expenditure in the past year leaves no scope for optimism.
as impoverished rural indians will struggle to survive recessionary conditions in the economy - comparable to a creeping famine - created by the policy of demonetisation, even the elementary social security extended by nrega will be not be available in sufficient measure to provide them succour.
read: black to white through mahatma gandhi job scheme?
fishy transactions in workers bank accountsi am anguished, but not surprised.
even with its back to the wall, i dont expect this government to muster the moral and political resolve required to undertake large redistributive expenditures for indias poor masses.
to do so would entail the government to tax big business more, with an inheritance tax, or higher corporate and wealth taxes, or to reduce significantly the many tax exemptions and subsidies to the rich.
but to do so would run entirely against its ideological grain.
about 900,000 registered companies do not file annual returns and are potential sources of money laundering, a top government official said on saturday, as finance minister arunjaitley pitched for the countrys top anti-financial crime agency to be used expeditiously against tax cheats.
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said the prime ministers office had set up a task force to monitor these companies and there is no reason for us to let such companies operate in india.
of 1.
5 million companies registered in india, about 600,000 file their returns, including annual audited reports, with the ministry of corporate affairs.
about half of them show zero income, official records show.
we have given notices to some of them, adhia said in new delhi at a function of the enforcement directorate (ed).
the bharatiya janata party government has intensified its drive against tax evaders since its november 8 decision to scrap old 500- and 1000-rupee notes, a move prime minister narendra modi said was aimed at breaking the back of indias black economy.
cracking down on domestic shell companies, the government decided in february to take harsh punitive action including freezing the bank accounts used to launder money or evade taxes.
shell companies are fronts used as conduits to convert illicit money into legal cash, and are central to money laundering operations.
there is an expectation of compliance (of tax rules) and in the event of non-compliance, there is the power of penalising that the ed has.
this power has to be expeditiously used whenever violations are detected, he said.
jaitley also said money laundering, round-tripping, tax evasion and the creation of shell companies had become a standardised practice that was not difficult to detect in the age of technological advancements.
our target has to be to make sure india as it evolves from a developing to developed economy (also changes) from a tax non-compliant society to a highly-compliant society.
adhia said the demonetisation of high-value banknotes had revealed the different ways people use to launder money, including through multiple entries in shell companies.
finance minister arunjaitley on monday introduced in lok sabha four crucial bills required to implement the goods and services tax (gst).
the legislation capped the maximum gst levy at 40 , tweaked the compensation formula while mandating an anti-profiteering authority and jail term for tax evaders.
the four bills moved in the lower house of parliament are the central goods and services tax (cgst) bill, integrated goods and services tax (igst) bill, the goods and services tax (compensation to states) bill and the union territory goods and services tax (ut-gst) bill.
the cgst, igst and sgst provide for a maximum tax of 20  each.
taken any of the two taxes together, the bills provide that the maximum tax burden in the gst regime at 40  as an enabling provision for financial emergencies.
the actual rates in the four-slab structure will be 5 , 12 , 18  and 28 , as approved by the gst council.
the gst (compensation to states) bill provides for mechanism for making good any loss of revenue of states from introduction of gst in first five years of rollout.
businesses in the northeastern and hill states with annual turnover below rs.10 lakh would be out of the gst net, while the threshold for the exemption in the rest of india would be an annual turnover of rs.20 lakh.
the gst will reduce the cascading impact of taxes, help shore up revenues, moderate inflation and spur economic growth by 1-2 percentage points.
the compensation law provides for levy of cess on top of the peak rate of approved tax on paan masala, tobacco, aerated waters, luxury cars and coal to create a fund for compensating states.
such cess has been capped at 135  in case of paan masala, rs 4,170 per thousand cigarettes sticks or 290  on value (ad valorem), rs 400 per tonne on coal and 15  on aerated water and luxury cars.
the compensation to states will be paid bi-monthly and the amount due would be calculated after considering a 14  growth rate in taxes over the base year of 2015-16.
the gst legislations will be taken up as money bills in parliament this budget session, which restarted on march 9 after a month-long recess.
the rajya sabha cant reject money bills as it only has powers to make recommendations on such legislation, which the lok sabha can choose to accept or reject.
the narendra modi government is racing against time to roll out gst from july, after successive governments have missed deadlines.
with the introduction of the bills in parliament, the government is in the last lap of the tax reform that will integrate india as one market with one rate of tax replacing multiple state and central levies.
finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday moved the finance bill in parliament to get the budget for 2017-18 passed by this week.
lok sabha has listed just the finance bill for discussion on tuesday as it will take time for lawmakers from all political parties to debate the budget proposals.
sources say there may not be major changes in the finance bill and will be passed after discussion.
there may be hardly any changes in indirect taxes as the government is set to roll out the goods and services tax from july.
2  of gdp during 2017-18 from 3.
5  in this financial year.
here are the five things to watch out for in the finance bill:1.
income tax ratesthe budget has proposed some relief for the middle class by halving the income tax rate for those having income of rs 2.
5-5 lakh to 5  from the present 10 .
tax payers above the rs 5 lakh bracket will get a maximum rs 12,500 benefit for the tax cut.
a surcharge of 10  will be imposed on income between rs 50 lakh to rs 1 crore while it will be 15  above rs 1 crore.
2.
corporate tax ratethe budget also proposed slashing corporate tax rate to 25  from 30  for companies with turnover up to rs 50 crore.
mat will not be abolished but extended credit period to 15 years from the 10 years.
3.
cap on political donationsthere might be a political debate over the budget proposal for capping cash donation by an individual to a political party at rs 2,000, one-tenth the present level of rs 20,000 amount.
jaitley has ruled out rolling back the proposal and said political parties can take donations from donors through cheque and digital payments.
the government also proposes to amend the rbi act for issuing electoral bonds.
4.
higher investment in infrastructurethe governments capital expenditure will be hiked by 25.
4  in 2017-18, which will lead to faster economic growth.
jaitley has allocated rs 3.
96 lakh crore for infrastructure including rs 2.
41 lakh crore in transport sector.
the government plans to spend rs 1.
31 lakh crore for railways and rs 64,000 crore investments in roads.
the government proposed creation of a rail safety fund of rs 1 lakh crore over the next five years.
5.
psu share sale, etfsthe government targets rs 72,500 crore from disinvestment of public sector companies including listing of railway psus--irctc, ircon and irfc.
the finance ministry is also expected to come out with a procedure for a time-bound listing of cpses.
jaitley also indicated to consolidation option for psus and a new cpse exchange traded fund (etf) in 2017-18.
rajya sabha on friday passed a bill to amend a 49-year-old law to guard against claims of succession or transfer of properties left by people who migrated to pakistan and china, amid a walkout by the entire opposition.
the enemy property (amendment and validation) bill, 2016, which amends the enemy property act, 1968, was passed by voice vote in the rajya sabha despite the opposition demanding deferring of the debate on the draft legislation for a threadbare deliberation next week.
the measure was passed by the lok sabha in march last year.
after this, the rajya sabha had sent it to a select committee, following whose recommendations, the government had moved a number of amendments to it.
after the amended bill was passed by a voice vote by the rajya sabha on friday, it was returned to the lok sabha for final passage just before it was adjourned for the day.
earlier when the bill was taken up in the upper house for consideration and passage, congress leader jairam ramesh said many senior members including the leader of opposition are not present in the house for a variety of reasons.
therefore the bill should be taken up for discussion and passage on the next working day.
rameshs views were echoed by other members including javed ali khan (sp) and sukhendu shekhar roy (aitc) who also sought taking up the bill for discussion next week.
however, the government decided to take up the bill for discussion today itself and later got it passed by a voice vote after the entire opposition, angered over the governments insistence, walked out of the house.
explaining the rationale for urgency to get the bill passed, finance minister and leader of the house arunjaitley said the ordinance effecting the amendments in the act would lapse on march 14, 2017 and this was a security issue also.
elaborating on the measure, he said it was a principle that government should not allow commercial interests or properties of an enemy country or its citizens.
jaitley said the right of the enemy property should vest in the government of india and not in the heirs of the citizens of the enemy countries.
despite repeated requests by opposition members, the government took up the bill, which was passed after a brief discussion in the absence of any opposition member.
the government was so determined to pass the bill today that over half dozen ministers were present in the house to ensure its smooth sail.
home minister rajnath singh, who was supposed to reply to the debate on the bill, did not say much observing that the leader of the house has already explained about it in detail and there was no need for his explanation.
the presentation of the union budget is often followed by discussions on what it has done to push economic reforms.
the focus of the discourse this time, however, has been on political reforms  triggered by the finance ministers announcement to ban cash for donations exceeding rs 2,000 and introduce electoral bonds that can be purchased and traded in the marketplace.
there is a reason why the proposal relating to funding of political parties has overshadowed other budgetary measures.
in the wake of demonetisation, prime minister narendra modi and his government have been under pressure to do more to curb black money.
no campaign against illegal wealth, many have argued, will be effective unless it addresses the lack of transparency and regulation in relation to funding of political parties.
political donations not only offer an easy channel to evade taxes, but also undermine the basic tenets of our democracy.
under the law, these payments are exempt from taxation for both the donor and the recipients.
there is no system in place for adequate scrutiny of the end use of these funds.
a majority of donations come in the form of cash and are from unidentified sources.
in 2014, the election commission ordered only donations made in cheques or bank transfers to be exempted from taxation, but that hasnt deterred people from helping political parties with cash.
according to the association of democratic rights, an advocacy group, 69  of the total income reported by the countrys six national and 51 regional parties, which filed their returns for the period between 2004-05 and 2014-15, came from unknown sources.
only 16  came from named donors, while the remaining 15  accrued from other sources such asset sale, and membership fees.
this is only one side of the spectrum.
on the other side, around 1,500 parties  more than three-fourth of the 1,900 parties registered with the election commission havent contested elections for years.
each of them is a possible platform to launder illegal money.
read | cash donation limit, bonds to reform polls fail to impress experts, partiesthe lack of transparency and accountability in relation to political donations also breeds the ground for rent-seeking and corruption.
businesses, small and big, contribute funds to a political party or its candidate with the expectation that the favour would be returned.
they influence policy and government actions when their friendly political party comes to power.
this is not unique to india, but unlike many mature democracies there is no institutional framework to deal with the problem.
that is why finance minister arunjaitley budget proposal has come under criticism, because it doesnt address the issue of anonymous donors.
nor does it answer the question as to why it cant be made mandatory for political parties to adhere to the same auditing principles that apply to any other economic entity or public institution and make their financials public.
that said, there is a bigger objective that any electoral reform initiative ought to address  ensuring a level playing field for all stakeholders in a multi-party democracy such as ours.
the more competitive a democracy gets, the better it is for the people of the country.
it is time, therefore, to revisit the idea of a national election fund, which has been in the works for more than two decades.
such a fund could be declared as the only channel through which businesses and individuals can contribute to political parties.
just as the finance commission decides how to distribute central transfers to states, the election commission or any institution created for the purpose of administering the fund can decide how the donations are shared among parties.
of course, such an initiative will have to be supported by other measures such as stricter audits for books of accounts maintained by political parties and cracking down on parties that exist only on paper.
finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday expressed optimism over improvement in tax collections after the roll out of goods and services tax (gst).
the states deadline for the roll out of the new tax is july 1, 2017.
in the last two years, tax buoyancy has improved.
for 2016-17, the budget estimate was rs 16.
25 lakh crore.
we revised it up to rs 17 lakh crore.
it is possible to surpass even the revised target as well.
for 2017-18, the target for tax collection is set at rs 19.
we expect a big change in tax collection from july.
the gst council has finalised the legislation after arriving at a consensus of all issues in the last 12 meetings, he said adding that the government is trying to stick to the deadline for gst implementation.
the cabinet recently approved the four crucial billscgst, igst, ut-gst and compensation ruleneeded to roll out gst.
the gst council has already finalized a four-slab gst structure of 5 , 12 , 18  and 28 .
finance minister arunjaitley decision to introduce electoral bonds through this years budget, as a move to help weed out black money, has once again put the spotlight on transparency in political funding.
while, over the past week, parliament and the media have extensively debated the efficacy and implications of the proposed electoral bonds, both have conveniently glossed over a key concern: do voters have a right to know about the finances of political parties?
or how does the worlds largest democracy empower its voters with information that they ought to have on the vote seekers?
in 2013, the central information commission (cic) ruled that political parties are public authorities as defined in the right to information (rti) act and are, therefore, liable to information that the public might seek from them.
this quasi-judicial order was hailed by as a victory for rti activists, who saw it as an important step toward bringing transparency in political funding and strengthening the nations democratic fabric.
four years on, however, political parties have refused to comply with the cic order and the government has told the supreme court  where a petition on this subject is being heard  that political parties should be kept out of the purview of the rti.
the resistance on the part of the political parties, or the stand taken by the government, is not entirely unjustifiable.
to begin with, the cic equated a political party with a public authority because the former performs public duties, enjoys constitutional and legal rights and receives substantial government funding.
the rti act, however, provides for only one of these three conditions to deem a non-government organisation as a public authority  substantially financed, directly or indirectly, by funds provided by the appropriate government.
also, neither the act nor the cic ruling offers any measurement of what qualifies as substantially financed.
hence, the cics argument for bringing political parties under the rti act becomes legally untenable, unless the law is amended to make way for a wider definition of public authorities.
political parties also have a genuine concern when they say they might not have the resources to cater to rti queries, which will likely flood them if they were to accept the cic ruling.
it is also not clear what is the nature of information the public can seek if parties are brought under the rti purview.
unless there is clarity, the provision is more likely to be misused by political parties against each other and trigger a political war that does no good to democracy.
notwithstanding all that, the political class must reckon with the growing distrust and disillusionment among voters over lack of accountability and transparency in the actions of what they perceive as public institutions.
political parties may not be bound by constitutional obligations, but, as one analyst commented, they are important instrumentalities that enable democratic participation in the governance process.
voters do have a right to know how the political parties are financed and governed.
many democracies in the world have found a way to empower their voters with that right.
while some have taken the rti route, others have brought laws to ensure that political organisations make adequate disclosures to the public.
india would do well to learn from their experiences.
whether through amendments to the rti act, or through other laws applicable to organisations engaged in public activities, it is time the government and the political parties stopped stonewalling on the issue and found a resolution that has been long overdue.
rajesh mahapatra is chief content officer, hindustan times.
indiaupdated: aug 05, 2019 19:18 istthe withdrawal of article 370 of the constitution, which gives special status to jammu and kashmir, apart from being a project executed by home minister amit shah, also saw the active involvement of former finance minister arunjaitley , who has been working on this since last year.
the governments explainer note circulated to the media today also quoted arunjaitley arguments on article 370, signalling that though he may have opted out of government in modi 2.
0 due to health reasons, he was still actively involved in executing major decisions.
also read:pm modi to address nation to explain big kashmir moveleaders in the know told hindustan times that when arunjaitley was recuperating last year from his kidney transplant, he had time to focus on some reading and research.
at that time, he re-read `my frozen turbulence in kashmir (1986), a book penned by sanjay gandhis handpicked bureaucrat who was the governor in j&k jagmohan during 1984-1990.
jagmohan, who later won the national elections from the new delhi seat, had written against article 370 in the book saying: article 370 is nothing but a breeding ground for the parasites at the heart of the paradise.
it skins the poor.
it deceives them with its mirage.
it lines the pockets of the power elites.
follow live updatesinformed leaders told ht that the idea of taking the route of section 3 of article 370, whereby the president may, by public notification, declare that this article shall cease to be operative or shall be operative only with such exceptions and modifications and from such date as he may specify: provided that the recommendation of the constituent assembly of the state referred to in clause (2) shall be necessary before the president issues such a notification, was being worked on for the past two months.
also watch| article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi, shah and doval orchestrated movewhile many legal opinions were taken, arunjaitley also provided his own backing of the theory that the article 370 was temporary and could be reversed with a presidential order.
photos: a week of speculation and the scrapping of article 370 in kashmirand clause 3 of article 370 makes it clear that article 370 can be revoked if a constituent assembly of jammu and kashmir is convened and willing to recommend its revocation, said the governments note.
in this case, the state is now under governor satyapal maliks rule.
in two tweets, arunjaitley also complimented prime minister narendra modi and home minister amit shah for correcting the historical blunder.
a historical wrong has been undone today.
article 35a came through the back door without following the procedure under article 368 of the constitution of india.
it had to go, he tweeted.
central bureau of investigation (cbi) raided the homes of former finance minister p chidambaram and his son on tuesday.
sources said the raids were in connection with foreign investment clearances given by the erstwhile upa government, in which p chidambaram was then the finance minister.
the cases include the deal between telecom players aircel and maxis, and investments received by inx news.
a total of at least 14 locations in chidambarams home city of chennai were searched by the cbi, indias main federal crime-fighting agency, tv news channels reported.
here are the live updates:7pm: finance minister arunjaitley defends searches at the homes of p chidambaram, his son and rjd chief lalu prasad.
he says the tax department or cbi do not act unless there is a substantial basis and a reason to suspect that there is a tax evasion or a crime has been committed.
3.
20pm: cbi searches house of former media baron peter mukerjea in mumbai as part of investigations over alleged favours granted in foreign investment clearance to inx media.
2:47pm: it is a day of accountability for the government and also the corrupt, says union minister piyush goyal, attacking lalu prasad and chidambaram: pti2:45pm: bjp leader and union minister piyush goyal says the issue is why beneficiaries of fipb approval gave money to firms owned by p chidambarams son: pti1.
45pm: karti says the filing of cases against him and raids on his properties were being done out of political vendetta and to muzzle his fathers voice against the central government.
have done nothing wrong.
they could not prove allegations against me, they want to silence our voice: karti chidambaram on cbi raids pic.
twitter.com/pth5bnuoie  ani (@ani_news) may 16, 20171pm: an fir has been lodged against former union minister p chidambarams son karti, indrani mukherjea, unknown officers of fipb unit of ministry of finance and others over alleged financial misappropriation over foreign investment promotion board (fipb) clearance to peter and indranis media company inx media in 2008.
12.
10pm: cbi registered the case against inx media through its director indrani, peter, karti, chess management services (a company of karti), advantage strategic consulting limited through its director padma vishwanathan.
10.
50am:they just want to damage p chidambaram's reputation because he is a voice against modi govt: karate r. thiagarajan,congress pic.
twitter.com/ov4ohtxwyn  ani (@ani_news) may 16, 201710.
10am: strongly condemn raids against chidambaram and karti chidambaram .
political vendetta of the worst kind, congress leader digvijay singh tweeted on tuesday.
10am: the raids are a consequence of pressure from cbis sister agency, the enforcement directorate (ed), which said in a status report submitted to supreme court in april that it has included p chidambaram as an accused in their investigation into aircel-maxis case.
aircel was sold to maxis, a malaysian company, in a deal that allegedly contravened protocol for foreign investments.
9.
50am: should i stop writing against the government: p chidambaram tells pti after the raids.
govt wants to stop me from writing,as it has tried to with leaders of oppn parties,journalists,columnists,ngos and civil society:chidambaram  ani (@ani_news) may 16, 20179.
45am: govt using cbi to target my son and his friends, wants to silence me: ani quotes p chidambaram9.
20am: chidambaram has done nothing wrong, these raids are politically motivated: kr ramasamy,congress.
9am: tv reports said at least 14 locations in chidambarams home city chennai, gurgaon, mumbai and delhi were searched by the cbi.
8.
45pm: the raids are also taking place at the nungambakkam residence of p chidambaram in chennai, a senior police official told pti.
8.
30am: cbi raid former union minister p chidambarams residence in chennai.
the band of the grenadier guards played indian themed music near the buckingham palace on monday during a ceremony to mark the start of uk india year of culture.
the change of guards at the palace  widely watched by tourists and others  took place to the tunes of ar rahmans song jai ho from the oscar-winning film slumdog millionaire.
chefs from veeraswamy, the oldest indian restaurant in london, rustled up indian-themed menu in the royal kitchen to mark the event.
the year of culture was announced during the november 2015 visit of prime minister narendra modi, but the brexit vote six months later has prompted extra focus as india is among the top countries britain is courting to compensate for the loss of european market.
finance minister arunjaitley is on a four-day visit mainly to represent india at the event, joined by celebrities such as kapil dev, katrina kaif, joe wright, anoushka shankar and rio ferdinand.
the india day at buckingham palace is part of a busy calendar of events that has been put together to celebrate the year, which also marks 70th year of indias independence.
it includes events by indian and british institutions such as the british film institute, british library, kew gardens, open university and the science museum.
copies of the magna carta and shakespeares first folio are being exhibited in india.
finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday reduced tax for smaller businesses that took a big hit following the governments decision to recall high-value notes.
presenting the 2017 budget, arunjaitley reduced the corporate tax from 30  to 25  for units with an annual turnover of less than rs 50 crore.
these businesses saw a 60  drop in workforce after demonetisation.
this will make our msme sector more competitive compared with large companies.
the minister said the reduction in the tax for smaller companies was necessary after demonetisation as they were the major job creators.
post-demonetisation, i had a promise to keep to help the micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes) sector.
msmes are the job creators, he said.
this 5  tax respite will make a huge difference in the revenue chains of the msmes and we will also witness a significant shift from proprietorship registrations to private limited/ llp registered firms creating a more favourable working environment for msme players, said r narayan, founder and ceo, power2sme.
jaitley also said startups could carry forward losses despite change in shareholding.
however, there are caveats on promoter shareholding.
for startups, clamouring for tax incentives, the finance minister said they would pay taxes for three out of seven years -- up from five last year -- only if they make profits.
these steps are in addition to what prime minister narendra modi said on december 31.
he announced an increase in the credit guarantees for this sector from rs 1 crore to rs 2 crore.
this cash-based informal sector constitutes over 90  of all enterprises and is the largest job provider.
besides, the msme sector is not yet ready for the goods and services tax and with the new tax regime expected to kick in later this year, it could compound their woes.
the mat carry forward for 15 years and the extension to seven years for availing the three-year tax holiday shall leave some much needed cash in their coffers.
the 5  tax rebate will also benefit asset management companies, said sunil k goyal, founder and ceo, yournest india vc fund.
predictability shall lead to better inflow of capital in vcf and aif and will also encourage fdi.
the 12th five year plan had said rs 24,000 crore was required to be directed to the sector for healthy growth.
public sector banks that are mandated to lend a certain proportion of their loan kitty to the micro, small and medium enterprises have urged the reserve bank of india to relax the credit-rating parameters for these entities.
credit flow towards the msme sector has been thinning due to a surge in banks non-performing assets.
most banks have been shying away from financing these businesses due to stringent norms and default rate among the msmes has been rising.
commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman, too, has been drawing attention to the problem.
the budget, however, did not highlight any measures to ease funding.
no steps were spelt out for banks worried about loan defaults.
with the nearing of the july deadline for implementing goods and services tax, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia will visit north eastern states this week to review the gst preparedness.
adhia will reach guwahati on april 13 where he will meet the state government officials to review it preparedness for the goods and services tax (gst).
the revenue secretary will also meet representatives of trade, industry and business to explain in detail issues surrounding the new indirect tax regime and remove doubts and confusion, if any, concerning gst and related legislations, the finance ministry said in a statement.
adhia will also visit arunachal pradesh where he will hold meetings with the state government officials to review its it preparedness for gst.
the centre has already passed the central gst (cgst), integrated gst (igst), union territory (ut-gst) and compensation to states law in parliament.
now, states will have to pass the state gst (sgst) bill in their assemblies.
the gst council, comprising union finance minister arunjaitley and state representatives, has decided on a four-tier tax structure5 , 12 , 18  and 28 .
on top of the peak rate, there will be a cess on demerit and sin goods.
the council will meet on may 18-19 and decide on the fitment of goods and services in these tax slabs.
finance minister arunjaitley is presenting the 2017 union budget in parliament.
there is no separate rail budget from this year, as it has been merged with the general budget.
the government has advanced the date of budget presentation so as to complete the entire process before the end of financial year.
the first part of the budget session has been kept brief in view of ongoing assembly polls in five states.
jaitleys comments came a day after data showed that annual economic growth unexpectedly slipped to 6.
1  in the january-march quarter, its lowest in more than two years.
prime minister narendra modis shock decision last november to outlaw high value old banknotes took 86  of currency out of circulation virtually overnight.
the move was aimed at flushing out money indians hide from the tax authorities, but pounded consumer demand as most people live in the cash economy.
there was some slowdown visible, given the global and domestic situation, even prior to demonetisation.
asias third-largest economy had clocked annual 7.
5  growth in july-september before modi removed the oxygen of cash.
even in the october-december quarter, when the cash crunch was at its peak, growth was 7 , letting india remain the fastest growing major economy.
economic expansion in the latest quarter, lower than chinas 6.
9 , was hurt by a slowdown in farming, manufacturing and services.
construction activity contracted from a year earlier.
the biggest disappointment was a sharp fall in capital investments.
investment gridlocksince coming to power in may 2014, modi has ramped up public spending, hoping to boost weak private investments.
yet recovery remains elusive.
jaitley conceded that getting higher corporate spending remained a challenge, but said that was partly due to the inability of a debt-laden banking sector to fund investments.
saddled with $150 billion of sour debts, banks have been slow to grant loans, especially to businesses perceived as riskier.
new delhi recently gave more powers to the reserve bank of india to push reluctant lenders towards writedowns and errant borrowers into insolvency.
but bankers say the measure is not enough to draw a line under soaring debts.
its a major challenge because it also impacts the capacity of the banking system to support growth.
while risk aversion is choking off new credit, corporates are struggling with idle capacity and stretched balance sheets, and have little appetite for fresh investments.
jaitley didnt offer any solution to break the investment logjam.
he said the planned july 1 launch of gst would boost economic growth and the government was in a state of preparedness for the rollout.
however, some analysts say the launch might hurt near-term growth as businesses could delay production until they have clarity on gsts impact on existing stock.
jaitley dismissed those concerns as erroneous.
he lauded the economys performance in the fiscal year that ended in march.
gdp growth was 7.
1 , slower than the previous years 8.
0 .
given global conditions, 7-8  growth, which at the moment is the indian normal, is fairly reasonable and by global standards very good, he said.
finance minister arunjaitley on monday rejected criticism from congress leader p chidambaram on his alliance of subversion remark about the turmoil in ramjas college and said the latter had his history and facts wrong.
on chidambaram reminding arunjaitley of his own role as a student leader in du in the mid 1970s, the latter told ht: he belongs to a political party which subverted democracy in 1975.
i went to prison for 19 months opposing the congress autocracy.
if fighting for democracy is chidambarams definition of subversion, he really has to redefine his grammar of politics, arunjaitley added.
he criticised congress leaders supporting these elements.
i expect political parties to oppose this idea of subversion.
some have jumped to support them without application of mind or thinking of consequences, he said.
read more: buckigham palace guards band plays jai ho as india, uk launch year of culturein an event in london on saturday, arunjaitley commented on the recent turmoil in ramjas college, delhi, saying there was no space for violence, but there needed to be a debate whether assaulting the countrys sovereignty should be permitted under the idea of free speech.
read more: venkaiah naidu slams chidambaram for india nearly lost kashmir remarkaccording to him, there is an alliance of subversion between separatists and ultra left-wing elements on university campuses.
if somebody speaks about breaking india into pieces and thinks that is part of free speech  dont forget under article 19 (2) sovereignty is an exception to free speech  but assuming you wanted that right, be liberal enough to believe that within the democratic framework a large majority will stand up to you .
.
.
.
then dont say that my free speech is being hindered.
i find it strange that an argument is being raised that i have free speech to advocate that india should be broken into pieces but those who oppose me are hindering my free speech.
they also have a right of free speech.
.
.
jaitley is due to meet chancellor of the exchequer, philip hammond on tuesday, among meetings with other business leaders.
he is on a four day visit to london mainly to represent india at queen elizabeths reception in buckingham palace on monday evening to launch the uk-india year of culture.
authorities have detected 18 lakh cases after demonetisation where the income profiles of people do not match their bank account profile, the lok sabha was informed today.
preliminary information has been sought from such people and many have responded.
responding to supplementaries, he said there was an extended footprint of digitisation in the banking sector.
with digitisation, the risk of tampering of technology also increases.
he also said that risk assessment was a continuous process for banks who do it individually and collectively.
a variety of factors have a bearing on an account being inoperative.
these may include factors like opening of a new account with change of residence or office, death of the account holder or the relative convenience of operating different accounts, he said.
government today introduced in lok sabha a bill that provides for holding, transfer and receiving of old rs 500 and rs 1000 currency notes a criminal offence, punishable with a minimum fine of rs 10,000.
the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, which seeks to end the liability of rbi and the government on the currency notes demonetised in november last, was introduced by finance minister arunjaitley amid stiff opposition by trinamool congress, which called it illegal and anti-national.
once passed by parliament, the bill will replace an ordinance promulgated on december 30 last which provides for a fine of rs 10,000 or five times the cash held, whichever is higher, on holding of more than 10 banned 1,000 and 500 rupee notes.
the bill states that the government took the demonetisation decision on the recommendations of the rbis central board to eliminate unaccounted money and fake currency notes from the financial system.
apart from aiming at ceasing the liability on old notes, the bill also provides that an indian citizen, who was outside the country between november 9 and december 30, will be entitled to tender the demonetised noted within the grace period under rules provided by the rbi.
it also prohibits the holding, transferring or receiving of these notes from december 31, 2016.
it also seeks to impose penalty for contravention of the ordinance, which it will replace, and to confer power upon the court of a first class magistrate to impose penalty.
the ordinance provided for amending the reserve bank of india (rbi) act, 1934 to provide legislative support for extinguishing the central bank and governments liability on the demonetised banknotes that are not returned.
the main objectives of the ordinance are to provide clarity and finality to the liability of the rbi and the government of india for the specified bank notes (of 1,000 and 500); to provide an opportunity to those persons who were unable to deposit the sbns within the time provided; and to declare holding, transferring or receiving sbns as illegal, with provisions for penalty for contravention of any of the provisions of the ordinance, it said.
those keeping the junked notes for study, research or numismatics purposes would be exempt from penalty provided they hold not more than 25 number of such notes irrespective of the denomination.
with hardly 20 days left for the assembly polls, congress is yet to come up with its list of star campaigners even as the bjp has released a heavyweight list of over 40 star campaigners including prime minister narendra modi and partys national president amit shah.
the list of star campaigners submitted by bjps national general secretary arun singh to the election commission on january 24 for poll-bound uttarakhand also include union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley , manohar parrikar, nitin gadkari, ravi shankar prasad, uma bharti and smriti irani among others.
it features at least 15 prominent bjp leaders from uttarakhand like former chief ministers bhuwan chandra khanduri, bhagat singh koshyari and ramesh pokhriyal nishank.
the list also includes three former congress leaders who are now in the bjp - ex cm vijay bahuguna and former cabinet ministers yashpal arya and harak singh rawat.
the saffron party will also bring two film celebrities  hema malini and manoj tiwari  both of whom are actors-turned-parliamentarians.
largely dependent on the gandhi family for its campaigning, congress is yet to announce its star campaigners for the february 15 polls.
mathura dutt joshi, state congress chief spokesperson, said the party had drawn up a draft list of around 31 leaders whom it wants to bring to uttarakhand as its star-campaigners.
we have sent the list to our central leadership for their consent.
.
.
some more names may be added (to the list) by them.
we hope to release the names soon so that campaigning can start in a big way, joshi told ht.
besides sonia and rahul gandhi  congress national president and vice president respectively  the partys list is likely to include all india congress committee general secretary ambika soni (who is also the partys state in charge), besides politicians jyotiraditya scindia, sachin pilot and manish tewari and also leaders from uttarakhand.
the bjp is trying to take undue political advantage by bringing its union ministers to uttarakhand as it is desperately looking to seize power in the state, joshi alleged.
the opposition bjp, however, retorted by alleging that congress party was bereft of leadership.
we have taken a clear lead over the congress, right from announcing our candidates to our star campaigners.
we have many stalwarts so we are utilising them.
.
.
what does congress have?
they do not have many options (for star campaigners) and their allegation is only a case of sour grapes, state bjp spokesperson vinay goyal told ht.
rocking the youngest of his five children in his arms, street vendor daata ram watches his wife tend to two sick cows whose milk once supplemented their meagre income.
the 66-year-olds family of seven survives on what he now makes by selling small quantities of puffed rice in pandra sikanpur, a one-street, hardscrabble town of 5,000 in uttar pradesh.
i took a loan of rs 30,000 to buy those cows but i think they are no good now, says ram, who uses a fourth of his monthly earnings of rs5000-6000 to repay the local moneylender.
across the street from rams thatched hut is the sprawling house of neeraj kumar singh, a well-off sugarcane farmer who lost multiple crops to back-to-back droughts three years ago, and then suffered when farm prices crashed last year.
it takes two harvesting seasons to recover the loss of one, says singh who wants his sons to find jobs outside farming so that their lives wouldnt be held ransom to the vagaries of nature.
but his four children have found no jobs, and the 60-year-old farmer is angry that he must now divide his 10 acres of cropland to secure their future.
daata ram and singh sit on different points on the countrys income spectrum but, in their collective discontent, the two symbolise the rising pressure on prime minister narendra modi to deliver on his emotive election vow to bring achhe din, or good times, to indians.
the feb.
1 budget was a chance for modi to unveil measures that would fulfil his 2014 guarantee of growth and more jobs, a task made all the more tough by his abrupt decision to drain out 86  of all cash in the economy in his fight against illicit wealth.
its also a challenge that is urgent, given that modi has already crossed the halfway point of his tenure.
read | budget 2017: akhilesh says bjp could not fulfil promise of achhe dinto his admirers, though, modi has already made great strides  from reinvigorating the ossified hand of a government system that hobbled progress to biting the bullet on tough decisions needed to pull indias economy out of a dangerous morass.
many of his moves on inclusive, accountable governance and a freer hand to bureaucracy have resonated well with indians tired of a rudderless government mired in corruption scandals and whose indecisiveness had left more than 700 major industry projects in limbo.
rambir rathi , a uttar pradesh farmer at home (vipin kumar/ht photo)growing economysome of that good work is showing.
the countrys annualised retail inflation is below the mid-point of the central banks target; public finances are better than before with higher income from taxes, monsoon-sown grain production is the highest in at least 14 years and the economy is more open to business than it has ever been.
in its first two years, the government cleared more economic reforms  including deregulating diesel prices, cutting cooking gas subsidy and making it easier for companies to exit business  than in the last five years of the previous government.
millions more have been brought into the countrys banking system and the government has pushed digitisation.
in the latest budget, the government also announced incentives to labour-intensive sectors such as clothing and leather along with spending more on projects like roads, railways, low-cost housing and irrigation.
i will give the prime minister two out of 10.
even 2 seems two much.
i feel like giving only one.
modis foreign policy is good .
the one point is just for that.
but modis critics say much of this is old wine in a new bottle, minor cosmetic tweaks that havent put india on the path of a paradigm shift the prime minister had promised.
economic growth hasnt created enough jobs because of lack of investment, income inequality has grown, farm distress has soared and the cash ban has only worsened the economic outlook in the immediate term.
credit to industry remains flat and, despite higher farm credit target, disbursement levels have dipped as banks seek to avoid bad loans.
even for some modi fans like rambir rathi, a sugarcane farmer in uttar pradeshs baghpat, the dream of achhe din is coming unstruck.
i voted for modi.
farmers like us were promised rs 500 for a quintal of sugarcane instead of the rs 315 we were receiving then.
i believed in him, says the father of two.
they told us our dues would be paid by the sugar mill owners but look what has happened.
the rate is the same.
our dues remain unpaid.
asked to rate modis governance of more than two years, rathi gives the prime minister two on 10.
do bhi jyada hai.
mann toh nahin karta hai ek bhi dene ko (even two is too much.
i dont feel like giving him even one), he says, adding modi had only done well on dealing with pakistan.
but farms in distresswith mounting debt, poverty, increasing health cost and other ballooning farming-related expenses, farm incomes dropped 50 -70  over the past years.
and just farmers hoped to claw back from two years of back-to-back drought, the government ordered a disruptive currency ban that squeezed the largely cash-only agriculture sector.
farm prices crashed as farmers dumped tomatoes and potatoes onto the streets, fed unharvested crop to cattle and farm hands sat idle.
a farm loan write-off for two months after demonetisation hardly helped, some economists say.
februarys budget raised the farm credit target to by 11.
1  to rs 10-lakh crore in 2017-18 but, in reality, bank lending to farmers has dropped and the distribution of credit has focussed on a handful of relatively better-off states.
expenditure on agriculture is seen rising marginally to rs 2.
06-lakh crore in 2017/18, but this in real terms might signal a decline.
fewer jobssigns of distress are clear in cities as well.
sharp rises in education and healthcare costs in the last two years have hit indias burgeoning middle class hard, denting modis popularity among the relatively well-off.
today, india stands before a unique moment in history: it could choose to squander its immense potential with its antiquated socio-political system, corruption and flighty business rules or build on its cultural heritage, democratic values and a young demography to transform the lives of its 1.
25 billion citizens.
to begin with, two decades on, nothing less than a $10 trillion economy will secure indias future, says a recent study by pricewaterhouse coopers( pwc).
it will have to create jobs on a scale that can absorb 10-12 million people who join the workforce every year, including members of the emerging middle class  a billion strong by 2034.
read | achhe din will come only after 2019, cong working on it: rahul gandhibut only 135,000 jobs were created in 2015 -- the lowest total in seven years and 67  lower than the number created in the last year of the previous government.
in one quarter of 2016-17, for which official data is available, only 77,000 jobs were created  and of these 50,000 were government jobs.
the gloom is affecting the youth.
chartered accountant omprakash sethia in bhopal.
(mujeeb faruqui/ht photo)nothing has changed.
it seems there is nobody to follow modijis principles of hard work and integrity.
corruption is rampant .
it seems there is no monitoring system in the country.
i am hugely disappointed, says omprakash sethia of bhopal.
i thought there would be a boom on the job front but despite emphasis on digital india i dont see many job avenues, says subhanshu sethia, a commerce student in bhopal.
the demonetisation move worsened the plight of the vulnerably placed in the labour market in several ways, the most stress arising out of closure of establishments in the informal sector.
back in pandra sikanpur, singh says he will think twice about voting for modis bharatiya janata party (bjp) at the next general elections scheduled for 2019.
that view is far from universal, but is already on the radar of a government, which swept to power with promises of economic reforms and pro-business policies that appealed to aspirational indians living in big towns and cities.
modi has already started turning his attention to the hinterlands.
but singh is unimpressed.
narendra modi stressed on jobs during his speeches in general election.
where are those jobs?
he asks.
i know how i feel is how many many more indians feel.
finance minister arunjaitley on saturday kick-started the governments ambitious start-up india mission, which envisages technology business incubators and research parks, at vigyan bhavan in new delhi.
he also announced that the upcoming budget will include start-up friendly tax measures.
pms own idea was that start ups need to be encouraged.
both the banking system and government will make the resources available.
we ostensibly broke away from license raj in 1991, conceived with idea that government will decide which businesses can run.
our effort over last few years was to restrict role of states in policy domain, he added.
he also said that the world universally recognizes india as probably the fastest growing major economies, but we have our own challenges to work on.
we are fully conscious of the adverse situation in which we are struggling to keep respectable growth rates in indian economy, he said.
the finance minister further said that it was the prime ministers own idea to encourage the start-ups need.
both the banking system and government will make the resources available, he added.
read more: pm to unveil start up india today: key facts about the grand melalater in the day, prime minister narendra modi will release the start-up action plan, visit a virtual exhibition and interact with start-up entrepreneurs at the eventwill join the programme to commence the start-up india movement this evening.
looking forward to interacting with start-up entrepreneurs, modi tweeted.
in another tweet, he said: start-up india movement begins today (saturday).
this movement celebrates the energy and enterprising spirit of our youth.
the launch event is aimed at celebrating the entrepreneurship spirit of countrys youth and will be attended by ceos and founders of top start-ups from across the country and abroad, the prime ministers office (pmo) said in a release.
the function is being attended by ceos and founders of top start-ups from across the country and abroad.
the prime minister will visit a virtual exhibition and interact with start-up entrepreneurs.
he will release the start-up action plan, and address the gathering.
the objective is to reinforce commitment of the government towards creating an ecosystem that is conducive for growth of start-ups.
the event also features interactive talks with global leaders and venture capitalists such as masayoshi son, founder-ceo of softbank, and adam nuemann, founder of wework.
investors association tie silicon valleys president venktesh shukla said a large number of start-ups were failing and we should allow them to open and close their units in an easy way.
it is extremely critical because a lot of their energy is wasted in unproductive work.
norms should also be eased for indian start-ups to raise money, he said.
raising concerns on taxes in india, kanwal rekhi, managing director of inventus capital, said: investment through mauritius is not taxed, but those from the united states come under the tax ambit.
we dont want to invest through an indirect route, we want to make investment directly from the silicon valley there is an incentive to invest in stock markets but disincentive to invest in startups.
why so?
vinod dham, regarded as the father of the pentium chip, said jobs in india will be created by start-ups, so why give them step-mother ly treatment?
meanwhile, in a private survey by a social networking site, 98  of the respondents said the movement should cover all industries, not just digital.
finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday sought to ramp up rural and infrastructure spending and handed out marginal tax relief to the middle-class and small businesses in his budget proposals for 2017-18.
the governments decision to ban currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 denomination on november 8 last year sent ripples through the economy that was already battling slowing demand and sluggish investment.
the budget proposed to halve the rate for taxpayers in the lowest slab of up to rs 500,000  from 10  to 5   and cut it from 30  to 25  for enterprises with a turnover of less than rs 50 crore.
jaitley said the foregone revenue would be made up with a surcharge of 10  on the tax paid by individuals whose annual income is between rs 50 lakh and rs 1 crore.
the 15  surcharge on tax paid by individuals with income above rs 1 crore remained unchanged.
there werent many changes in other taxes as the government hopes to soon roll out a unified goods and services tax (gst) to replace existing indirect taxes such as excise duties, customs duties and service tax.
jaitley strongly reiterated the new july 1 deadline for implementing gst.
the focus of this budget, however, was on the rural economy and the need to step up public investment to help overcome the impact of demonetisation and revive growth.
jaitley announced several measures in this regard, but was cautious enough to not let up too much on government spending.
my approach in preparing the budget is to spend more on rural areas, infrastructure and poverty alleviation with fiscal prudence, he told parliament, adding that the impact of demonetisation would not spill over to the next financial year.
he pegged the fiscal deficit target at 3.
2  of gdp (gross domestic product) for 2017-18, slightly higher than the earlier aimed-for 3 .
out of the rs 21.
5-lakh crore budget, arunjaitley plans to spend rs 3.
9 lakh crore, or 18 , on infrastructure, rs 1.
9 lakh crore, or about 10 , on rural, agriculture and allied sectors and transfer rs 4.
1 lakh crore, about 19 , to state governments for their projects.
jaitleys budget also appeared to keep an eye on a string of state elections beginning this week, where the so-called demonetisation move is likely to influence the vote, among other things.
he increased funds allocated for the scheduled castes by a third to rs 52,000 crore, saying that many new enterprises had been set up under the stand up india programme, aimed at helping women, dalit and tribal entrepreneurs.
the increased allocation could help the bjp, especially in punjab, where dalits are a third of the population, and in uttar pradesh, where scheduled castes can make a difference in at least 100 seats.
the two states are among the five that will vote to elect a new government this month.
the finance minister also used the occasion to strongly defend his governments move to demonetise and push digital transactions.
we are moving from informal to formal economy and the government is now seen as a trusted custodian of public money, he said.
but the digital ecosystem was left wanting, as they were expecting sops to incentivise cashless transactions.
while arunjaitley removed service charge on rail ticket bookings through irctc, doled out tax exemptions of manufacture and import of digital payment devices, what the sector remained waiting for were tax breaks for merchants accepting cashless payments.
several mobile wallet companies said that they expected government support to help them survive fierce competition and low margins in the sector.
finance minister, arunjaitley made a large number of announcements to push the digital economy of the country in his budget 2017 speech.
digital economy helps in cleaning up the system, has transformational impact, energises private investment through low cost credit, and benefits the common man, said jaitley.
after prime minister narendra modi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
jaitley announced cash back schemes for merchants using the government-aided bhim aadhar-based mobile wallet.
there will be special bonus schemes for the consumers using it.
he said that 12.
7 million bhim apps have already been downloaded.
to make citizens internet friendly, all government receipts will be generated on the internet.
the government has allocated rs 2,500 crore benefits for upi based payments and other digital payments.
jaitley said that by march 2017, there will be 10 lakh point-of-sale (pos) machines in the country, and 20 lakh aadhar-based pos.
this will be focussed at rural and semi-rural india.
the government will also work with various stakeholders and the prime ministers committee on digital payments to make new regulations.
while presenting the rail budget, during his speech, jaitely also added that service charges have been withdrawn on reservations through irctc and e-tickets.
in the last one year cashless reservations have gone up from 58  to 68 .
the bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led government in maharashtra on wednesday welcomed the union budget tabled by union finance minister arunjaitley as `transformational and `all inclusive, claiming it would take the country to the next level of development.
chief minister devendra fadnavis said budget 2017 had focused on all the vulnerable sections  including the poor, farmers, women, youth, dalit and tribals - ringing true prime minister narendra modis mantra of sab ka saath, sab ka vikas.
finance minister sudhir mungantiwar also praised the budgets focus on four sectors  farmers, poor citizens, women and youth.
while maintaining financial prudence, the budget has made way for a substantial jump in quality increase in spending.
this has been possible due to the positive impact of demonetisation.
capital expenditure has been enhanced by 25 , expenditure on infrastructure is pegged at rs 4 lakh crore, said fadnavis.
both fadnavis and mungantiwar praised the radical reforms in political funding that they said would usher in transparent politics and help in ending black money.
the bjp government is expected to leverage some of the incentives and spending introduced in the budget in the upcoming civic body elections across the state.
this includes increased spending for dalits, 25  hike in farm investment and the hike in rural employment scheme expenditure.
the state will hold what is being described as mini-assembly polls next month with elections scheduled in 10 of its biggest cities and 25 district councils.
but the opposition criticised the budget, saying it left a lot to be desired.
people were expecting big relief in terms of income tax after facing ill-effects of demonetization, but the budget wasnt up to the mark.
whatever relief announced in the budget speech is minimal, nationalist congress party spokesperson nawab malik said.
the shiv sena was equally critical.
when last years promises have not yet been fulfilled, what is the point of this budget?
if the government is not going to meet its budget assurances, why even announce a budget every year?
the government has claimed to have recovered large amount of money in old notes but this has been from pockets of the common man, while majority of black money hoarders have remained unharmed  said uddhav thackeray, shiv sena party chief .
finance minister arunjaitley has banned all cash transactions exceeding rs 3 lakh from april 1, a move that is expected to give another push to digital transactions and help his government in its fight against corruption.
the sit set up by the government for black money has suggested that no transaction above rs 3 lakh should be permitted in cash.
the government has decided to accept this proposal, the finance minister told parliament.
prime minister narendra modis government has said it is committed to rooting out graft, as part of a clampdown on corruption that modi promised during his election campaign.
after coming to power, it quickly implemented a supreme court directive to set up the high-powered sit to look into the issue.
last november, modi banned rs 500 and rs 1000 banknotes, a move he said was aimed at eliminating corruption.
the decision sparked chaos and confusion across the country, with millions of consumers queued outside banks and atms to change a limited number of old notes for new ones or withdraw cash.
ministers, however, have asserted the decision will yield long-term gains, and batted for digital transactions and the idea of a less-cash society.
chief economic adviser arvind subramanian said the demand for cash should essentially determine the extent of remonetisation, or the replenishment of cash needed in the economy after the note ban exercise.
what you hope is that the economy will voluntarily want less cash than it used toyou dont want to force people to use less cash, you need to create that environment for moving towards digital you want to make the conditions such that people use less cash, subramanian said.
businessupdated: aug 21, 2019 13:43 istparle products pvt ltd, a leading indian biscuit maker, might lay off up to 10,000 workers as slowing economic growth and falling demand in the rural heartland could cause production cuts, a company executive said on wednesday.
a downturn in asias third-largest economy is denting sales of everything from cars to clothing, forcing companies to curtail production and raising hopes that the india government will unveil an economic stimulus to revive growth.
a sharp drop in parles biscuit sales means the company may have to slash production, which may result in layoffs of 8,000-10,000 people, mayank shah, category head at parle, said in a telephone interview from mumbai.
the situation is so bad, that if the government doesnt intervene immediately .
.
.
we may be forced to eliminate these positions, he said.
parle, founded in 1929, employs about 100,000 people, including direct and contract workers across 10 company-owned facilities and 125 contract manufacturing plants.
shah said demand for popular parle biscuit brands such as parle-g had been worsening since india rolled out a nationwide goods and services tax (gst) in 2017, which imposed a higher levy on biscuits costing as low as 5 rupees, or 7 cents a pack.
the higher taxes have forced parle to offer fewer biscuits in each pack, hitting demand from lower-income consumers in rural india, which contributes more than half of parles revenue and where two-thirds of indians live.
consumers here are extremely price-sensitive.
theyre extremely conscious of how many biscuits they are getting for a particular price, shah said.
parle, which has an annual revenue of above $1.
4 billion, held talks over the past year with the governments gst council as well as former finance minister arunjaitley , asking them to review tax rates, shah added.
once known as parle gluco, the mumbai-headquartered companys flagship biscuit brand was renamed as parle-g, and became a household name in india through the 1980s and 1990s.
in 2003, parle-g was considered the worlds largest selling biscuit brand.
the slowdown in indias economic growth, which has already led to thousands of job losses in its crucial automotive industry, was accelerating the drop in demand, shah said.
market research firm nielsen said last month indias consumer goods industry was losing steam as spending in the rural heartland cools and small manufacturers lose competitive advantages in a slowing economy.
parle is not the only food product company to have flagged slowing demand.
varun berry, managing director of britannia industries ltd, parles main competitor, said earlier this month that consumers were thinking twice about buying products worth just 5 rupees.
obviously, there is some serious issue in the economy, berry had said on a conference call with analysts.
shares in britannia were down 1.
5 , as of 0620 gmt, having fallen as much as 3.
9  earlier on wednesday.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
all finance ministers have a perpetual desire (of lower rate) but at the end of the day we all respect the decision that the rbi takes, he said after addressing customary board meeting post budget.
jaitley said that he explained the board on economic situation and various budget suggestions.
one of the board members did ask some question with regard to clarification on what government had in mind.
and i have explained what the government has in mind with regard to the electoral bonds, he said.
rbi for the second time in a row in its review earlier this week opted for a status quo awaiting more clarity on inflation trend and impact of demonetisation on growth even as it hinted at no interest-rate cut in immediate future by shunning its long-held accommodative monetary policy stance.
rbi governor urjit patel said there is no change in monetary policy as far as inflation targeting is concerned.
so, it is not a change of stance with respect to that at all, just a comment that since september cpi inflation ex-fuel and food has been difficult to bring down and going forward to go towards 4 per cent and away from 5 per cent on a durable basis requires that cpi ex-food and fuel to also come down, patel said.
the government has made no provision for its ambitious india aspiration fund (iaf), part of startup india initiative, for the next financial year and has reduced the allocation to rs 100 crore from rs 600 crore made earlier for the current fiscal.
in order to provide support to startups through fund of fund operations, iaf, with a corpus of rs 2,000 crore, was launched by finance minister arunjaitley in august 2015 to enhance the equity availability to msmes.
lic was also made partner and co-investor in the india aspiration fund managed by sidbi.
as per the budget 2017-18 document, the government had made allocation of rs 500 crore for 2015-16 when the fund was launched.
in the following year, a provision of rs 600 crore was made but reduced significantly to rs 100 crore as per the revised estimate announced in the budget 2017-18.
the budget, announced earlier this month, has not made any allocation under this head for the next fiscal.
iaf is a good initiative of the government to support msmes and startups in india, anshuman verma, founder and managing director at m1l said.
instead of or in addition to disbursing part of the allocated money to venture capital funds operating in india, government should think about cutting inefficiencies and bringing more clarity by way of forming an expert panel that disburses funds directly to startups, he said.
finance minister arunjaitley today ruled out farm loan waivers by the centre but said states can utilise their own resources in this regard.
he clarified that the centre will not adopt a selective approach by helping one state and not the others.
this issue (loan waiver) has cropped up in several states.
the centre has its policies for agriculture sector under which we provide interest subvention and other support.
we will continue to give all that.
if a state has its own resources and want to go ahead in that direction, it will have to find its resources.
agriculture minister radha mohan singh had said that the bjp government in uttar pradesh will waive off loans of small and marginal farmers as has been promised in partys state election manifesto in the recent assembly polls.
the congress had demanded that the government announce a loan waiver for farmers across the country as was done by the upa in 2006 and not just for uttar pradesh where the bjp has returned to power with a major mandate.
jaitley told hindustan times the drive to scrap high-value banknotes laid the groundwork for the lowering of interest rates and propelled the lending capacity of banks.
he also said the government of prime minister narendra modi was taking steps to ensure incentives for those who entered the tax net.
here are excerpts from the interview with the finance minister:q) electoral bond and streamlining of political funding is one of the big announcements inthis budget.
how do you foresee this measure helping in cleaning up the present system?
when i was the law minister, i conceived a scheme where people donated to a political party in cheque; there is 100   rebate to donor and tax exemption to parties.
pranab babu (pranab mukherjee) improved it, allowing people to pay it to a trust and then to party, but it has not worked perfectly.
all donors that we spoke to said they hate to pay in cash but the identity should be concealed.
we have to create a new system.
so we have created a new scheme.
encapsulating the sentiments of donors and the governments determination to clean up the funding process, the electoral bond scheme will help conceal the identity, at the same time the donor pays by cheque and parties get the payment in white in a previously operated account so that election commission can keep a track.
like the obama campaign, rather than taking donations from a handful, let a million people pay digitally.
q) do you think the political parties are prepared for this?
parties would love it.
a large part of spending by political parties nowadays is through cheques.
they have to maintain an office, pay salaries, advertisements, hiring aircraft and choppers; all theseinvolve white money.
however, for this scheme to truly succeed, it will also have to involve mass digital collections.
q) do you think the relief on personal taxation may have fallen short of peoples expectations?
tax net has to be expanded, not shrunk.
the vulnerable have to be helped, not so much the affluent.
all the measures we are taking, we have to make sure that we provide a great incentive for the people to enter the tax net.
if the people declaring in the first bracket realise that by paying nominal tax and half-a-page of filing and no scrutiny in the first year can create capital, its a great incentive.
also, coupled with the pressure from the government to come clean, especially after demonetization, this is a great opportunity.
the larger philosophy of the tax scheme is the following: the goods and services tax (gst) will make cash generation difficult.
the rs 3 lakh limit on payment by cash we have put along with pan card limits on unaccounted expenditure de-incentivises the use of cash.
large deposits during demonetisation had removed the veil of anonymity on cash holders, so for the tax payer, it is better to enter the tax net.
simplification of tax filings and a nominal tax advantage to the first bracket will also go to the rs 5 lakh and rs 10 lakh category.
the peculiarity of this budget is that after demonetization  and it has affected the economy marginally -- nobody pays more and everyone gets tax advantage, except those with incomes in the range of rs 50 lakh- rs 1 crore range.
q) you have set an ambitious target for personal income tax collections, but same is somewhat conservative for corporate taxes.
why?
i have brought down the tax rate for companies with rs 50 crore turnover.
in fact, 96  of the companies fall in this category.
i am also incentivising firms to become companies and pay less.
what this means is some revenue will be foregone in the immediate context, but there will be more transparency of accounting and regulatory filings with the registrar of companies.
q) you are forgoing about rs 20,000 crore in direct taxes.
how do you plan to make up for this?
my direct tax collection has grown at 17  consistently in last two years because of the governments efforts to bring more people under the tax net and better revenue collection.
this year, my projection is 12  growth.
i will cover up on that count.
q) the budget is silent on gains from demonetisation.
can you tell us how has it benefitted the economy?
the banks lending capacity went up -- that is because of demonetisation.
the lower interest rates are due to it.
q) but demonetisation has adversely impacted the informal credit system, how do you address that challenge?
we have refurbished credit with rural cooperatives.
entry of payment banks will revolutionalise credit systems.
except increasing the tax exemption limits of provisioning for non-performing assets (npa), the subject did not get as much attention it deserves.
what do you have to say to that?
raising the exemption level will benefit the banks only marginally.
it gives some relief in their balance sheet.
the recapitalisation of banks is going as planned.
we have made rules tougher for those who flee countries by defaulting.
this will ensure more compliance.
listing and trading of security receipts issued by a securitisation company or a reconstruction company will be permitted in sebi registered stock exchanges.
this will enlarge capital flow into the securitisation industry and will particularly be helpful to deal with bank npa.
q) how much of a difference did donald trumps protectionist policies and the state assembly elections bring to the budget?
not too many.
except one or two tax reforms, which we can revisit during the course of time, nothing really.
q) what is in there for the voters in poll-bound uttar pradesh and punjab?
farmers and traders are beneficiary of this budget.
there are no regressive taxes, rural credit has been reinforced.
they will benefit from the overall economic growth.
q) there was a lot of focus on the universal basic income, but no mention in the budget.
where are you on this?
our country suffers from the lack of mature political debate.
politics has to mature to realise that direct transfer to a focused beneficiary is a better alternative to scattered and untargeted subsidies.
rich are getting those subsidies that they dont deserve we could actually channelise it to the needy.
in the economic survey, we have floated a very good idea and hope the political parties rise above politics for the larger good of the poor.
q) what is the benefit of listing some of these public sector enterprises (pse) listed in stock exchange?
how does the government stand to gain from it?
firstly, the pses gain.
their compliance level goes up.
mandatorily, 26  has to be held by public, so that money comes to the government.
so this is in a way strategic disinvestment.
q) what is the larger philosophy of the budget?
first of all, spend more on identified success stories.
like rural roads, bima yojana, infrastructure projects, irrigation projects, rural electrification, highways, rural and social sectors.
secondly, carry on with campaign against black money and bring more people into the tax net.
q) would you count mnrega on that list?
under the present circumstances, yes.
but you have not really increased the budget allocation.
it is almost flat.
if you look at last years revised estimates, it is rs 47,499 crore.
you have only increased it by 550 crore.
i have not been dogmatic about it.
i have increased the allocation in the previous financial year and i will increase it, if need be.
finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday sought to ramp up spending on rural areas and infrastructure as well as hand out marginal tax relief to the middle-class and small businesses in his budget proposals for 2017-18, which he said will help beat the fallout of demonetisation.
(full video: budget 2017 | read full budget speech here)the budget saw arunjaitley moving to ease back on cutting the deficit as he announced increases in allocation across sectors, including a 24  hike in spending on rural india and a 35  raise in allocation for dalits.
his infrastructure outlay for the financial year starting april 1 was pegged at a whopping rs 3.
9-lakh crore.
budget 2017: arunjaitley halves tax for those earning between rs 2.
5 lakh and rs 5 lakhhere are the days highlights on the union budget 2017/18:5.
50pm: finance minister arunjaitley has pledged relief for middle-class taxpayers and small and medium-sized companies in his budget.
here are the important number from this years budget:5 : income tax for people with incomes between 2.
5 lakh -5 lakh, down from 10 income tax for people with incomes between 2.
5 lakh -5 lakh, down from 10  rs 2,000: maximum donation political parties can receive in cash from one sourcemaximum donation political parties can receive in cash from one source 35 : increase in personal income tax because of scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1000 notesincrease in personal income tax because of scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes 25 : tax rate for companies with an annual turnover up to 50 croretax rate for companies with an annual turnover up to 50 crore rs 3 lakh: maximum quantum of cash transaction allowedmaximum quantum of cash transaction allowed 17 : growth in tax revenuegrowth in tax revenue 3.
2 : fiscal deficit as a percentage of indias gdpfiscal deficit as a percentage of indias gdp 24 : increase in rural spendingincrease in rural spending 35 : increase in funds allocation for scheduled castesincrease in funds allocation for scheduled castes 6 : increase in defence spending finance minister arunjaitley unveiled sweeping measures in his budget speech on wednesday that ranged from boosting farm growth to easing the burden on the salaried middle class.
here are the big 10 numbers from his speech:5.
50pm: to find out what the government has done with the most important budget schemes, visit the hindustan times dashboard5.
41pm: we are looking at non-transitory impact of demonetisation.
who is the government trying to fool?
dont duck the issue: shashi tharoor to cnn news 18.
5.
34pm: congress leader anand sharma: the budget is lacking in direction and has no proposal for accelerating manufacturing or job creation.
5pm: railway minister suresh prabhu: there is no mention of new trains.
new trains have nothing to do with the budget.
we are already working on coach mitra, bio-toilets, dedicated trains for pilgrimage and track innovation for safety4.
45pm: union minister dharmendra pradhan: proposal to constitute integrated companies in petroleum market and reduction of basic customs duty on lng are big steps.
4.
09pm: if tax returns are filed, both the donor and the donee will get exemption on tax in political donations.
costlier cigarettes, pan masala, cigar, cheroots, bidis, chewing tobaccoled lamp componentscashew nuts (roasted and salted)aluminum ores and concentratespolymer coated ms tapes used in manufacturing of optical fibressilver coins and medallionsprinted circuit board used in making mobile phones cheaper booking railway tickets onlinero membrane elements for household usagelngsolar tempered glass used in solar panelsfuel cell-based power generating systemswind operated energy generatorvegetable tanning extracts used in making leather productspoint of sale (pos) machines card and fingerprint readersgroup insurance for defence services4.
07pm: finance minister arun jaitley: employment not a separate chapter, many measures in budget 2017 to increase job creation.
4.
02pm: finance minister arun jaitley: the present status quo has failed, electoral bonds a new system for cleaner political funding.
hindustan times dashboard on budget schemes4pm: finance minister arun jaitley: electoral bonds to be redeemable only in notified accounts of political parties.
the present status quo has failed, electoral bonds a new system for cleaner political funding.
3.
59pm: finance minister arun jaitley: mass donations more preferable than single big donations.
3.
54pm: finance minister arun jaitley: we have made an effort to honour honest taxpayers.
3.
51pm: finance minister arun jaitley: there has been a strong focus on rural and infrastructure sectors.
3.
48pm: finance minister arunjaitley addresses the media.
3.
35pm: sensex up by 485.
68 points; currently at 28,141.
64.
nifty at 8,716.
40.
3.
32pm: power minister piyush goyal: budget 2017 recognised benefits of demonetisation and passed it on to people of india.
3.
27pm: it is a budget of sabka sath sabka vikas; it keeps every sector under consideration: chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh.
3.
14pm: its a very well-rounded budget that seeks to address requirements of various segments in the economy: chanda kochhar, ceo, icici.
3.
03pm: its a brilliant idea that merits thinking and whose time must come: fm arunjaitley on universal basic income.
3.
01pm: kiran mazumdar shaw: i would say its a safe budget.
2.
32pm: congress leader mallikarjun kharge: the identity of rail budget was lost by merging it with the main budget.
2.
20pm: bjp chief amit shah: this budget is women- and poor-friendly budget.
pm modi has fulfilled his promise made in 2014 to bring in transparency in politics.
2.
10pm: union minister nitin gadkari: it will bring our economy to the no.
1 position; its revolutionary change.
this budget will bring transparency in politics.
1.
48pm: prime minister narendra modi: this budget will help small businesses to become competitive in the global market.
prime minister narendra modi: the commitment to eliminate corruption and black money is reflected in the budget1.
43pm: prime minister narendra modi: the housing sector stands to gain immensely.
1.
42pm: prime minister narendra modi: special emphasis has been given to women empowerment.
#watch: pm narendra modi shares his views on #budget2017.
pic.
twitter.com/cbgoxtzkju  ani (@ani_news) february 1, 20171.
39pm: prime minister narendra modi: the aim of the government is to double the income of farmers.
1.
38pm: prime minister narendra modi: the merger of the railway budget with the general budget will give an impetus to the transport sectors growth.
1.
37pm: prime minister narendra modi: the finance minister has presented an uttam budget, devoted to strengthening the hands of the poor.
key figures from #budget2017 : budget at a glance#budgetforbetterindia pic.
twitter.com/2couryifmk  pib india (@pib_india) february 1, 20171.
33pm: how are they fighting up elections?
did they get donations in cheques or digital payment: congress leader renuka chowdhury.
1.
26pm: what is the need to present the budget every year?
were all announcements of last years budget fulfilled: shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
1.
25pm: former rbi governor c rangarajan describes budget 2017 as fairly routine.
1.
20pm: congress vice-president rahul gandhi: there have been accidents.
did he (jaitley) say anything about rail safety?
1.
19pm: congress vice-president rahul gandhi: any step to clean political funding will be supported by us.
1.
19pm: congress vice-president rahul gandhi: sher-o-shayari ka budget hai, kisaano ke liye kuch nahi kia, yuvaon ke liye kuch nahi kiya.
we were expecting fireworks, instead got a damp squib.
1.
they are:1.
passenger safety2.
capital and development work3.
cleanliness4.
financial and accounting reforms1.
08pm: the budget numbers dont seem to add up, as there is huge expansion on government spending on schemes.
the budget is rhetorical, but in actually creating jobs there is precious little.
railways got a cursory mention: congress spokesperson manish tewari.
1.
08pm: jaitleys budget speech has concluded.
he unveiled sweeping measures that ranged from boosting farm growth to easing the burden on the salaried middle-class.
here are the big 10 numbers from his speech:5 : income tax for people with incomes between 2.
5 lakh -5 lakh, down from 10 rs 2,000: maximum donation political parties can receive in cash from one source35 : increase in personal income tax because of scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes25 : tax rate for companies with an annual turnover up to 50 crorers 3 lakh: maximum quantum of cash transaction allowed17 : growth in tax revenue3.
2 : fiscal deficit as a percentage of indias gdp24 : increase in rural spending35 : increase in funds allocation for scheduled castes6 : increase in defence spending1.
05pm: sensex rises 265.
79 points, at 27,921.
75.
1.
01pm: it is a path breaking budget, a new era has begun: railway minister suresh prabhu.
1pm: lok sabha adjourned after arunjaitley concludes his budget speech.
-- gst council finalised its recommendations.
implementation of gst likely to bring more taxes to centre, states.
12.
58pm: no scrutiny on fist-time taxpayers.
12.
54pm:-- no tax on annual income of rs 4.
5 lakh who use rebates.
-- net revenue foregone on income tax changes is rs 12,800 crore.
-- surcharge of 10  on annual income of rs 50 lakh to rs 1 crore.
15  surcharge on incomes above rs 1 crore to continue.
12.
51pm: propose to reduce existing rate of taxation of those with income between 2.
5 lakh to 5 lakh from 10  to 5 .
12.
50pm: more burden on taxpayer showing income correctly.
12.
46pm: political funding needs transparency in india.
political parties can receive donations in cheque and digital modes.
amendment of rbi act to issue electoral bonds.
-- no transaction above rs 3 lakh to be permitted in cash12.
43pm: maximum donation a political party can receive in cash is rs 2,000 from any one source.
12.
41pm: limit of rs 2000 on cash donations to charities.
sit suggests and government has accepted that cash transaction not to be allowed above rs 3 lakh.
12.
40pm: basic customs reduced from 5  to 2.
5  on lng terminals.
12.
39pm: rs 7,200 crore revenue will be foregone on account of tax rebate to msme.
12.
38pm: income tax for small companies with an annual turn over of 50 crore, now to pay 25 , a 5  reduction.
12.
36pm: startups to pay tax on profits for three out of seven years, increased from three out of five years.
12.
35pm: carry forward of mat allowed for 15 years-- capital gains tax to be exempted, for persons holding land from which land was pooled for creation of state capital of telangana-- there is an urgent need to protect the poor from chit fund schemes, draft bill placed in public domain.
-- due efforts taken by the government there has been a 17  growth in tax revenue.
-- plan to extend basket of financial instruments to which the capital gains can be invested sans payment of tax.
-- thanks to demonetisation.
.
.
advance personal income tax grew by 34.
8  in 2016-2017.
-- the thrust of tax proposal is to stimulate growth, focus on middle class, curbing black money, digital economy, etc.
-- analysis after demonetisation presents revealing picture.
-- we are largely a tax non-compliant country.
burden of those who evade taxes falls on the honest.
-- 24 lakh people show income above rs 10 lakh.
-- 1.
7 crore people file returns out of 4.
2 crore salaried people.
-- arunjaitley begins tax proposals.
-- revenue deficit pegged at 1.
9  of the gdp.
-- fiscal deficit pegged at 3.
2  of gdp.
adherence to fiscal consolidation to continue.
frbm review committee recommended 3  fiscal deficit for next thee years.
facilitating prenatal healthcare.
#budget2017 #budget4women pic.
twitter.com/ufsau9hbve  ministry of wcd (@ministrywcd) february 1, 2017-- total resources being transferred to the states and union territories with legislature is rs 4.
11 lakh crore.
-- defence expenditure excluding pension at rs 2.
74 lakh crore.
-- total expenditure of budget 2017-18 has been placed at rs 21.
47 lakh crore.
-- aadhaar-enabled payment system to be launched soon.
banks have targeted to introduce additional 10 lakh point-of-sale terminals by march 17.
-- introduction of new rules for confiscating domestic assets of those flee the country to avoid enforcement of law.
-- twenty lakh aadhaar-based swipe machines by 2020.
-- payment regulatory board will be created the in reserve bank of india.
-- the focus will be on rural, semi-urban areas (for digital payment push).
-- sidbi to refinance credit companies for disbursement of small loans.
-- merchant version of aadhaar-enabled pay will be launched shortly.
-- india now at the cusp of massive digital revolution.
-- rs 10,000 crore to be provided for recapitalisation of banks.
-- integrated public sector oil company to be created.
-- mission antyodaya to bring one crore households out of poverty and to make 50,000 gram panchayats poverty-free.
-- action plan to eliminate kala azar and filariasis by 2017, leprosy by 2018, measles by 2020 and tuberculosis by 2025.
-- for easier fdi regime, foreign investment promotion board will be phased out in 2017.
this would mean that the foreign companies wanting to invest in india, will not have to wait for the foreign investment promotion boards approval.
-- trade infrastructure scheme will be launched in 2017-18.
-- select airports in tier-ii cities will be taken in ppp mode.
-- transport sector allocated rs 2.
41 lakh crore and bharat net project allocated rs 10,000 crore.
-- budget increase for highways from rs 57,676 crore to rs 64,000 crore.
-- a new metro rail policy will be announced, this will open up new jobs for our youth.
-- service charges on railway e-tickets will be withdrawn.
-- all coaches of indian railways will be fitted with bio-toilets.
unmanned crossings will be eliminated by 2018.
3,500 railway lines will be commissioned.
-- railways will integrate end to end transport solutions for selected commodities through partnership.
-- four focus areas for indian railways: passenger safety, capital and development work, cleanliness and financial and accounting norms.
-- rail safety fund with corpus of rs 100,000 crore will be created over a period of five years.
-- for senior citizens, aadhaar cards giving their health condition will be introduced.
fm @arunjaitley presents #budget2017 under ten themes https://t.
co/gy7yqo5nsn pic.
twitter.com/p7wryuegaa  pib india (@pib_india) february 1, 2017-- allocation for scheduled castes from rs 38,800 to rs 52,000.
-- two new centres of medical sciences in jharkhand and gujarat.
-- additional 5,000 pg seats for medical sciences.
-- affordable housing to get infrastructure status.
-- safe drinking water to cover 28,000 arsenic and fluoride affected habitations in the next four years.
-- for youth, we propose to introduce a system of measuring annual learning; science will be given focus.
-- good quality institutions will have more autonomy.
colleges will be given autonomous status.
-- total allocation for rural, agricultural and allied sectors for 2017-18 is rs 187223 crore, which is 24  higher than last year.
-- dedicated micro-irrigation fund will b set up by nabard to achieve goal of per drop more crop.
initial corpus will be rs 5000 crore.
-- open defecation free villages are now being given priority for pipe to water supply.
-- one crore house by 2019.
pm ayas yojana allocation for 2017-18 will be rs 23,000, up from rs 15,000 crore in last budget.
100  village electrification by may 1, 2018.
-- budget allocation to mnrega increased to a record rs 48,000 crore for 2017-18, from rs 37,000 crore in 2016-17.
five lakh ponds target achieved for 2016/17.
another five lakh ponds to be taken up in 2017/18 for drought proofing of villages.
-- participation of women in mnrega has increased to 55 -- target of agricultural loans to farmers set at record rs 10 lakh crore in 2017/18.
-- gst, demonetisation two tectonic policy initiatives-- we have witnessed historic and impactful economic reform and policymaking-- number of global reports show india has considerably improved its policies, profile and practice-- three challenges in current global scenario: monetary stance of us fed reserve, commodity prices specially crude oil and retreat from globalisation-- a model law on contract farming will be circulated among states for consultation.
-- dairy processing infrastructure fund will be set up under nabard, with fund of 8,000 crore.
-- issuance of soil health cards have gathered momentum, will setup a mini lab in krishi vigyan kendras.
-- with better monsoon, agriculture is expected to grow at 4.
1  in current year.
-- uncertainty around commodity prices, especially around crude oil, is one of the major challenges.
-- india continues to stand as a bright spot in the world economic landscape.
-- signs of retreat from globalisation have potential to affect exports from many emerging economies, including india.
-- uncertainty around commodity prices, especially around crude oil, second major challenge.
-- current monetary plance of the us federal reserve one of three challenges.
-- my approach in preparing the budget 2017 is to spend more on rural areas, infrastructure and poverty alleviation with fiscal prudence.
-- focus of budget is to spend more in rural areas, infrastructure and poverty alleviation, yet maintain best standards of fiscal prudence.
ten budget themes:*double farm income in five years*rural infrastructure*youth skills and jobs*social security, health, housing*infra for efficiency and better living standards*growth and stability*digital economy*public service through peoples participation*prudent fiscal management*honouring the honest-- pace of remonetisation has picked up and will soon be normal.
impact will not be visible next year.
-- effect of demonetisation will not spill into the next year.
-- i am reminded of what the father of the nation mahatma gandhi said -- a right cause never fails.
-- the advanced economies are expected to increase their growth from 1.
6 -1.
9  and emerging economies from 4.
1 -4.
5 .
-- demonetisation is a bold and decisive measure.
.
.
it seeks to create a new normal wherein the gdp will be bigger, cleaner and real.
-- india is seen as engine of global growth, have witnessed historic reform in last one year.
-- international monetary fund estimates that the world gdp will grow by 3.
1  in 2016 and 3.
4  in 2017.
-- fdi increase was 36  despite 5  fall in global fdi flow.
-- we have moved from a discretionary administration to a policy-based administration.
-- our government was elected amid huge expectations of people, the underlying theme of expectations being good governance.
-- spring is season of expectationsthere was expectation of major change.
-- the government is now seen as a trusted custodian of public money,i express gratitude to people for their strong support.
world economy faces uncertainty.
11.
07am: congress leader mallikarjun kharge says the house should be adjourned today and budget should be presented tomorrow.
speaker overrules him.
11.
06am: house may go ahead in exceptional situation, will not sit tomorrow as mark of respect to e ahamed: speaker sumitra mahajan.
11.
03am: lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan pays obituary to e ahamed.
i would have adjourned the house, but todays sitting has been fixed by president for presentation of budget 2017.
10.
52am: budget has a sanctity, we are already in the eleventh hour.
there should be no controversy over it.
its a constitutional obligation: union minister venkaiah naidu.
10.
44am: saddened by e ahamed jis death but budget will be presented: lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan.
#promisesinmotion of last rail budgetoperational research to improve rake turnaround at select terminals #budgetforbetterindia pic.
twitter.com/l47nzdloxo  ministry of railways (@railminindia) february 1, 201710.
36am: the budget will be presented today; it will be formally announce shortly.
10.
32am: postponement of budget will be no big deal.
its not as if the secrecy will break: hd deve gowda.
| read: kharge alleges govt delayed announcement of ahameds death deliberately10.
25am: its neither possible nor correct: subhash kashyap, constitution expert on postponement of budget after papers reach parliament.
10.
19am: finance minister arunjaitley tweets: watch me live presenting the union budget 2017 at 11 am, february 1, 2017 http://www.
loksabhatv.
nic.
in/10.
16am: prime minister narendra modi arrives at e ahamed s residence.
10.
14am: its not march 31, there is a lot of time to present the budget.
the government can postpone it: congress leader mallikarjun kharge.
10.
07am: i think the government already knew that he (ahamed) had passed away, but they were trying to maybe delay the announcement (of his death): congress leader mallikarjun kharge.
10.
07am: in our opinion, including jdu leaders and former pm deve gowda, the budget should be postponed: congress leader mallikarjun khadge.
10.
03am: finance minister arunjaitley in parliament.
10.
02am: cabinet meeting to be held shortly in parliament.
9.
49am: lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan to visit e ahamed s residence at 10am.
9.
47am: finance minister arunjaitley reaches parliament.
9.
28am: budget will be presented and ahameds obituary may happen before or after it.
the government has spoken to all parties and arrived at a consensus, an official source has told ani.
9.
10am: budget 2017 copies reach parliament.
finance minister arunjaitley is meeting president pranab mukherjee.
9.
01am: final decision on budget to be taken by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan; decision expected by 10am.
8.
22am: normally, house is adjourned on death of a sitting mp, so chances are the budget can be postponed for a day.
but speaker will decide: santosh gangwar.
days before finance minister arunjaitley is to present his fourth union budget, british oil firm cairn energy plc today asked him to use the opportunity to repeal the retrospective tax legislation that continues to create a barrier for international investors.
cairn energy as well as vodafone group of uk are among a handful of companies that had been slapped multi-billion tax demand using a 2012 legislation that gave government powers to levy tax retrospectively.
but unlike others, cairn is the only firm whose assets have been frozen during adjudication of the demand in legal forums.
cairn energy would like the government of india to take the opportunity to repeal the legislation on retrospective taxation in the forthcoming budget.
this positive move would allow india to rid itself once and for all of this detrimental legislation which continues to create a barrier and question mark for international investors considering india as a place to do business, its chief executive officer simon thomson said.
in january 2014, cairn was slapped with a rs 10,247 crore assessment notice on alleged capital gains it made on a 2006 internal reorganisation of india business.
last year it was slapped with a demand of rs 29,047 crore including interest and penalty.
also, the tax department in 2014 froze its 9.
8 per cent shares in cairn india.
cairn energy had retained minority stake in cairn india after selling out the business to vedanta group in 2011.
cairn challenged the tax demand in arbitration but the proceedings are moving at snails pace.
cairns outstanding retrospective tax case is yet to be resolved.
the issue has been ongoing for three years and is having a major impact on the business and to cairns uk and international shareholders, he said.
the company has lost $1 billion in value of its shares, forced it to sell assets, postpone investment and cut workforce by 40 .
the retrospective tax issue is a very unfortunate conclusion of a 20 year investment in india where cairn has been a model corporate citizen and created a legacy asset which is seen as an example of what can be achieved through india and uk cooperation, he added.
cairn, which discovered the countrys biggest oil field in rajasthan, has denied any tax was due even if the retrospective amendments to income tax act are applied as the group reorganisation had not resulted in any real income accruing to it.
the income tax department says cairn energy allegedly made a capital gain of rs 24,503.
50 crore in 2006 while transferring all its india assets to a new company, cairn india, and getting it listed on the stock exchanges.
cairn energy, which had in 2011 sold majority stake in its indian unit to mining group vedanta for $8.
67 billion, still holds 9.
8  stake in cairn india.
but it has been barred by the income tax department from selling this stake.
finance minister arunjaitley on monday introduced in lok sabha four crucial bills required to implement the goods and services tax (gst).
the legislation capped the maximum gst levy at 40 , tweaked the compensation formula while mandating an anti-profiteering authority and jail term for tax evaders.
the four bills moved in the lower house of parliament are the central goods and services tax (cgst) bill, integrated goods and services tax (igst) bill, the goods and services tax (compensation to states) bill and the union territory goods and services tax (ut-gst) bill.
the cgst, igst and sgst provide for a maximum tax of 20  each.
taken any of the two taxes together, the bills provide that the maximum tax burden in the gst regime at 40  as an enabling provision for financial emergencies.
the actual rates in the four-slab structure will be 5 , 12 , 18  and 28 , as approved by the gst council.
this is a concrete step towards gst implementation from 1st july 2017.
hope the other key pending aspects as classification of goods and services, various rules and grandfathering of tax exemption schemes are also finalised soon so that industry gets enough time to implement gst readiness from it and business perspective, says santosh dalvi , a partner looking into indirect taxes at kpmg india.
the official announcement towards july 1 would certainly help industry big way as it would provide the clarity on implementation date.
the gst (compensation to states) bill provides for mechanism for making good any loss of revenue of states from introduction of gst in first five years of rollout.
the cgst bill also provides for e-commerce companies to collect tax at source at a rate not exceeding 1  of net value of taxable supplies.
businesses in the northeastern and hill states with annual turnover below rs.10 lakh would be out of the gst net, while the threshold for the exemption in the rest of india would be an annual turnover of rs.20 lakh.
the gst will merge all the indirect central government levies like sales tax, service tax, excise duty, additional customs duty (countervailing duty), special additional duty of customs, surcharges and cesses.
the gst will reduce the cascading impact of taxes, help shore up revenues, moderate inflation and spur economic growth by 1-2 percentage points.
the compensation law provides for levy of cess on top of the peak rate of approved tax on paan masala, tobacco, aerated waters, luxury cars and coal to create a fund for compensating states.
such cess has been capped at 135  in case of paan masala, rs 4,170 per thousand cigarettes sticks or 290  on value (ad valorem), rs 400 per tonne on coal and 15  on aerated water and luxury cars.
the compensation to states will be paid bi-monthly and the amount due would be calculated after considering a 14  growth rate in taxes over the base year of 2015-16.
on march 21, the cabinet approved four draft laws on goods and services tax (gst) needed to implement the countrys biggest reform from july 2017.
the gst council has already cleared drafts of all legislations required to be passed by the parliament and state assemblies for implementing the new indirect tax.
the gst legislations will be taken up as money bills in parliament this budget session, which restarted on march 9 after a month-long recess.
the rajya sabha cant reject money bills as it only has powers to make recommendations on such legislation, which the lok sabha can choose to accept or reject.
the narendra modi government is racing against time to roll out gst from july, after successive governments have missed deadlines.
with the introduction of the bills in parliament, the government is in the last lap of the tax reform that will integrate india as one market with one rate of tax replacing multiple state and central levies.
to protect small businesses, the cgst provides for a tax of no more than 1  of turnover for manufacturers with annual turnover of up to rs 50 lakh and 2.
5  for suppliers.
anti-profiteering clauseto ensure that benefit of lower taxes is passed on to consumers, an anti-profiteering measure has been incorporated in the law.
it provides for constituting an authority to examine whether input tax credits availed by any registered taxable person, or the reduction in the price on account of any reduction in the tax rate, have actually resulted in a commensurate reduction in the price of the said goods and/or services supplied by him.
the law provides for arrest, ordered by no less than a tax commissioner, in case of suppression of any transaction or evading taxes.
a person convicted is punishable by up to 5 years of imprisonment along with financial penalties.
compensation formulathe gst compensation bill has been tweaked to ensure centre gets a higher share of the residual amount in the compensation fund at the end of the 5-year period.
according to the goods and services tax (compensation to states) bill, as introduced in the lok sabha today, they will receive provisional compensation bi-monthly from the centre for loss of revenue from implementation of gst.
the draft law had provided for payment of compensation every quarter.
tweaking the provision of the draft, which was made public in november 2016, the gst compensation bill said that any residual amount left in the compensation fund after five year compensation period shall be shared equally between the centre and the states.
the bill also provides for audit of accounts relating to compensation fund by the comptroller and auditor general.
also the final adjustment of compensation to be paid to the states would be done after audit of accounts for the year by the cag.
the bill also stipulates that the base year for calculating the revenue of a state would be 2015-16 and a growth rate of 14  would be used for calculating the revenue of each state in the first five years of implementation of gst.
the loss of revenue to a state will be the difference between the actual realisation to a state under gst regime and the tax revenue it would have got under the old indirect tax regime after considering a 14  increase over the base year of 2015-16.
the revenues of states that were not credited to the consolidated fund of the states but were directly devolved to mandi or municipalities would also be included in the definition of revenue subsumed, the bill said.
finance minister arunjaitley has asserted that the government was giving top priority to addressing the issue of bad loans while acknowledging that the problem of non-performing assets was adversely impacting the indian banking system.
speaking at the council on foreign relations here, arunjaitley termed the resolution of the non-performing assets (npas) as the one very big challenge going forward and the governments top priority at the moment.
he said the magnitude of the npas problem was that essentially it was about 20 to 30 big accounts.
its not a problem spread over hundreds of thousands of accounts.
.
.
and its not impossible for a large economy like india to resolve 20 to 30 accounts.
so its not an insurmountable problem.
i think its just persisted too long, but its certainly adversely impacting us, he said.
so if you were to ask me, there are a series of reforms/changes which weve successfully made.
this is one hurdle which we are now required to jump, and thats where our current focus is, he said yesterday.
its not a constraint on the leadership quality in the bank, but its a constraint on the environment in which the bank bureaucracy functions.
i have seen that the banks are not bold enough to take their decisions because.
.
.
our anti- corruption law is still a pre-liberalisation law, he said.
jaitley emphasised that one of the fundamental flaws in the anti-corruption law has been that erroneous decision- making, which may be taking hair cuts in order to settle, gets identified as an act of corruption.
the parliamentary committee has unanimously recommended that this be corrected, he said.
and this is at the final stage now.
the recommendation of a larger consensus parliamentary committee has come.
hopefully, in the next session we will take this up, he said.
the bank bureaucracy is going to be -- or, for that matter, any bureaucracy or a public servant dealing with economic decisions, then they can decide on commercial considerations rather than be constrained as to the future consequences of their action itself, arunjaitley said.
so the decision between a possible commercial decision being treated as an act of corruption, i think that the law has to eliminate that possibility, he said.
essentially, it would also mean that the defaulting companies will have to find partners, will have to go in for either change of managements, theyll have to get investors.
and some precipitative action will be taken.
this may also involve some hair cuts by the banks, which would be a bona fide commercial consideration, jailtey said.
he noted that indian banks, particularly public sector banks, have conventionally lent for both infrastructure and industry, rather than just retail lending.
now, during the boom period and thereafter, there was lending in several sectors.
and because of the global downturn and those sectors being impacted, you found an adverse impact on some of those sectors, he said.
further, he stressed that as a combined impact of the gst, demonetisation and several other steps, the government has taken, revenues in india are increasing quite rapidly.
in fact, in the last three years, despite global slowdown, india has consistently seen 15 to 18  annual revenue growth, which is quite significant.
and therefore, i do see over the next several years this revenue growth, particularly as the result of gst and the anti-evasion measures weve been taking, rapidly increasing, he said.
jaitley, who is here for the annual spring meetings of the world bank group, met us commerce secretary wilbur ross on thursday, in the first cabinet-level meeting with the trump administration.
he will meet treasury secretary steven mnuchin on saturday.
the india-us relationship over the last few decades has significantly improved.
it has defied changes in the government whether in the us or in india.
he added: in one sense it is a bipartisan relationship.
i am sure it will be a great privilege for us to continue to work with the new administration to strengthen the various dimensions of this relationship.
there have been a series of meetings between indian officials and trump administration officials and cabinet members since the new president took office  including phone calls between prime minister narendra modi and trump.
in addition, national security adviser h r mcmaster became the first high-ranking trump official to visit india earlier this week at the end of his three-nation tour of south asia, after he visited afghanistan and pakistan.
he met modi.
in his meeting with ross, arunjaitley raised the issue of the trump administrations review of the h-1b temporary visa programme for high-skilled foreigners that is expected to adversely impact indians and indian tech firms operating in the us.
new delhi has said it will be watching the review closely.
the finance minister used the opportunity to give an update on the india economic growth saying, in the last three years even in the midst of a slowdown across the world, india has been able to grow in the range of seven to eight per cent.
and that, he added, could get a significant boost, as economists are expecting when the new goods and services tax legislation will be implemented around the middle of the year.
the price of smartphones is likely to go up as the government proposes to levy a special additional duty of 2  on a component that accounts for nearly 30  of a phones manufacturing cost.
that means handset manufacturers, domestic or foreign, will have to pay the extra duty if they import printed circuit boards (pcb) used in mobile phones.
the decision, announced on wednesday in the budget for the 2017-18 fiscal, put paid to hopes of a drop in handset prices in alignment with the governments push for a digital economy that encourages use of smartphone for just about everything  including buying goods and services through e-wallets.
costlier cigarettes, pan masala, cigar, cheroots, bidis, chewing tobaccoled lamp componentscashew nuts (roasted and salted)aluminum ores and concentratespolymer coated ms tapes used in manufacturing of optical fibressilver coins and medallionsprinted circuit board used in making mobile phones cheaper booking railway tickets onlinero membrane elements for household usagelngsolar tempered glass used in solar panelsfuel cell-based power generating systemswind operated energy generatorvegetable tanning extracts used in making leather productspoint of sale (pos) machines card and fingerprint readersgroup insurance for defence servicesnaveen aggarwal, partner (tax) at kpmg, said the additional duty will be passed on to the consumer as india doesnt have the capacity to manufacture pcbs from scratch.
industry experts believe the move could persuade domestic handset manufacturers to shift from assembling smartphones in country with imported parts to fulltime manufacturing.
but aggarwal warned that india may lose the manufacturing war to countries such as vietnam and indonesia in the process.
read: budget 2017: arunjaitley boosts electronic manufacturing by boosting msips, edfin last years budget the government levied a 2  special duty on populated printed circuit boards used in mobile phones, laptops and personal computers.
the proposal triggered outrage in the industry, which said the ecosystem for local manufacturing of these components was not ready in india.
consequently, the duty was rolled back in may 2016.
some analysts feel latest decision could prove counter-intuitive to finance minister arunjaitley announcement of increasing allocation of modified special incentive package scheme (msips) and electronic development fund (edf) to rs 745 crore.
aimed at promoting electronic manufacturing, msips provides capital subsidy of 20  in special economic zones (sezs) and 25  in non-sezs, in the form of reimbursement of excise for capital equipment.
for high-capital investment projects, it provides for reimbursement of central taxes and duties.
edf was created to develop the electronics system design and manufacturing (esdm) sector to achieve net zero imports by 2020.
read: budget 2017: nearly 1,50,000 gram panchayats to get high-speed internet by the end of fy18it is more like a fund of funds to participate in professionally managed daughter funds, which in turn will provide risk capital to companies developing new technologies in the area of electronics, nano-electronics and information technology (it).
the edf helps attract venture funds, angel funds and seed funds towards r&d and innovation in specified areas.
parv sharma, research associate at counterpoint research, said india might be the fastest growing smartphone market in the world, but the governments latest move might not be effective since the country doesnt have fabrication units to produce components.
the industry was expecting the government to pass the phased manufacturing plan, which included expansion of differential duty structure to include five more components, to make the transition easier for handset makers.
but imposing a sad on pcb which cant be made here is definitely counter-intuitive.
this means that the announcement of extra allocation under msips and edf may not help after all, a top industry leader said.
under the structure, if a manufacturer assembles phones locally, then it just pays a 1  duty, instead of the 12.
5  on a phone that is imported.
there is also a duty differential on battery, adapter and headsets.
if a handset maker purchases all these from domestic companies, it pays only 2 , instead of 12.
5  when imported.
finance minister arunjaitley focussed on tectransform, energize and cleanas the theme of the union budget 2017-18.
the integration of the railway budget into the general budget, the collapsing of the plan and non-plan parts of the expenditure and bringing forward the date of the budget to 1 february; are all obvious pointers to winds of change in the way the government thinks about the future.
the macro pieces of an economy translate into our micro lives, as they work themselves out through the system.
the fact that arunjaitley has kept the fiscal deficit number at 3.
5  of gdp for this year, and promised to bring it down to 3  next yearwhile keeping the revenue deficit number pinned down to 2.
1  this year and down to 1.
9  next yearis good for us.
a financially prudent government will not unleash inflation and will keep government borrowing in check.
four things in the budget affect us.
one, it looks as if this is the first time that the honest taxpayer has got a mention and sympathy in the budget speech.
apart from greater scrutiny of the money found in banks post-demonetisation, there will now be a limit on how much you can spend in cash.
no payments of over rs 3 lakh per transaction, per day, will be allowed in cash.
yes, people will split their bills into rs 2.
99 lakh and get multiple bills in the name of multiple family members or employees, but the cost of using cash goes up another notch.
also heartening is the push to make political funding legit: no cash contribution of over rs 2,000 will be allowed to a political party, and the launch of electoral bonds by the reserve bank of india will facilitate legitimate donations.
two, there is a redistribution from the rich to the not-so-well-off.
people in the tax slabs of rs 2.
5 lakh to rs 5 lakh will now see their tax rates halvedfrom 10  to 5 .
those in the tax slabs above this will also see a gain, of rs 12,500, and their average tax rate will fall.
but if you earn between rs 50 lakh and rs 1 crore, get ready for a 10  surcharge on the tax paid.
your marginal tax rate, post-surcharge and cess, is now 33.
99 , up from 30.
9 .
those who earn over rs 1 crore will continue with the existing surcharge and cess, and their marginal tax rate remains at 35.
54 .
three, the fear of equity losing its long-term capital gain tax benefits turned out to be unfounded.
in fact, real estate has benefitted with the long term now being defined as 2 years instead of 3 years.
long-term capital gains taxes are lower than the taxes on short term capital gains.
now, you will also have more avenues to park your capital gains.
as of now, you can invest up to rs 50 lakh of your capital gains in bonds of national highways authority of india (nhai) or rural electrification corporation ltd (rec) to mitigate the long-term capital gains tax on real estate.
of course, in the current real estate market only somebody who bought more than 10 years ago would be booking a profit.
the budget has removed the anomaly of those who let out loan-bought houses being able to charge the entire interest as cost.
now, the limit of rs 2 lakh will apply.
four, as a balm after the shock of demonetisation that hurt the small businessmen hard, the tax rate is down to 25  for firms with a turnover of rs 50 crore or less.
there is also a promise that the first-time taxpayer would not be subjected to tax scrutiny.
expect your neighbourhood grocer and baker to come into the tax net.
finally, if you want to understand why the insurance agents were singled out to get an exemption from the 5  tax deducted at source (tds)if their income is below the taxable limitwe need to circle back and look at the macro picture.
insurance agents bring low-cost household funds to the government via insurance companies, to fund the deficit, hence the star treatment.
once the tax-to-gdp ratio goes up, we will see this change.
former finance minister p. chidambaram on thursday termed the budget for 2017-18 a damp squib but praised finance minister arunjaitley for adopting a tone of moderation after the demonetisation policy.
our conclusion, on reading all the budget documents, was that the exercise has turned out to be a damp squib.
but, there are a few positives, which we are happy with.
the most important positive is that the government seems chastened after the debacle of demonetisation and has not done anything reckless or disruptive, said chidambaram.
complimenting arunjaitley , the congress leader said: it is obvious that demonetisation and its inevitable consequences have demoralised the government.
they have retreated from reforms and have no answers to the severe challenges faced by the economy.
there is nothing in the budget that points to measures to revive flagging growth.
finance minister arunjaitley sprang a surprise on wednesday by presenting a budget that avoided populism in a poll season and laid thrust on cushioning the economy from the disruptive impact of demonetisation.
(watch full budget speech | read jaitleys full budget speech)the opposition parties predictably saw no vision in the budget but what drew their grudging support was jaitleys push for transparency in political funding  he proposed to bring down anonymous cash donation from rs 20,000 to rs 2,000 per source and to amend the law to introduce electoral bonds that could be bought by donors from banks and redeemed in parties accounts.
given the bjps electoral sweepstakes in five poll-bound states  including uttar pradesh that sent 71 party mps to the lok sabha in 2014  there was speculation and anticipation of a please-all budget.
even ruling party leaders had expected arunjaitley to splurge on freebies to different sections of people in a year that could put prime minister narendra modis popularity to test in the five states in february-march and in gujarat and himachal pradesh which go to the polls by the year-end.
highlights of union budget 2017/18but the finance minister didnt waver.
a shift to populism wouldnt have served the pms development agenda and image.
jaitley did make a pro-poor and pro-farmer pitch but didnt offer any doles.
he wooed the middle class by lowering the tax rate from 10  to 5  for those with an annual earning between rs 2.
5 lakh-rs 5 lakh and by his thrust on affordable housing.
but the focus of the budget remained on reviving the economy through higher allocations in rural, agricultural and allied sectors.
there was an attempt to make up for the drying up of private investment by injecting public contribution with increased allocations in infrastructure sectors.
the opposition parties were building pressure on the government to waive farm loans.
the bjp even put the issue on its manifesto in up.
many ruling party mps ht spoke to on tuesday wanted big sopsand even cash benefits-- for people.
jaitley opted for prudence and stuck to the fiscal consolidation path even while increasing allocations in social sector.
if he were to opt for populism now, the bjp would pay its political cost later.
affiliates of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) were not impressed.
its labour wing, the bharatiya mazdoor sangh, for instance, criticised the budget for not using what it called the monetary gains from demonetisation on social spending.
not that there was no politics in this budget.
there cant be one without it because budgets reflect the priorities of the government and the ruling party.
in this case, the priorities were the farmers, for whom arunjaitley offered, among others, agriculture credit worth rs 10 lakh crore, the students who saw many reformist moves being initiated in the education sector, the unemployed youth who would benefit not only from the huge investment in infrastructure but also from a significant increase in allocation for skill development and entrepreneurship, and the dalits for whose welfare there was a substantial increase in allocations.
he promised to make 50,000 gram panchayats poverty-free by 2019.
these budgetary proposals did make good politics ahead of electionsdalits constitute one-third of the population in poll-bound punjab and one-fifth in up--but they were good economics, too.
in his budget speech in 2015, jaitleys focus was growth and investment.
he offered no sops.
he boldly announced the reduction of corporate tax in a phased manner and the abolition of wealth tax.
although he stuck to his reforms agenda in budget 2016-17, there was a conscious attempt to counter the allegations of the government being pro-rich.
that explained the promise to double farmers income by 2022, lpg connections to women of poor households, et al.
if the finance minister used the words farmers and rural 19 times in his budget speech in 2015, he used them 54 times in 2016.
in his budget speech on wednesday, he spoke these two words 40 times but also used investment and growth at least 44 times.
these numbers might indicate what weighed on jaitleys mind.
india moved a step closer to its tryst with financial destiny with the gst council slotting thousands of products and services into the five different tax slabs.
the government has sought to balance two different sets of objectives.
one is to tax enough products at sufficiently high rates so that the revenue base of the government expands as the larger economy does.
the other was to try to keep prices and consumer inflation as a whole from spiking as a number of sectors, especially in the services, are set to experience higher rates.
the rates announced indicate the latter goal has dominated government thinking.
politically it is the impact on prices that matters.
almost every country that has introduced a gst-type tax reform has seen prices increase initially.
some governments, for example in canada, have fallen as a consequence even though the reform was later hailed as a macro-economic success.
there is an additional policy concern.
with the reserve bank of india already skittish about inflation, a gst price spike would make it even more unwilling to consider reducing interest rates.
the uncertainty that surrounds the consequences of gst is arguably the single greatest political danger facing prime minister narendra modi as he begins his fourth year in office.
on the face of the preliminary tax lists that have been released, the government seems to have tilted the balance in favour of holding down prices.
almost all primary food articles attract no tax at all.
almost everything that the average indian uses when it comes to products will be taxed at 18  or below.
even the expected sting in the gst tail of higher service taxes has not occurred with many sectors being taxed lower than the existing service tax.
the government is nervous that industry will not necessarily pass on the tax benefits to consumers, preferring to pocket the gains  hence the anti-profiteering clause in the gst law.
however, this will be difficult to enforce and a key reason will be the sheer multiplicity of rates.
in addition, gst will result in enormous restructuring of national supply chains and industry will need to offset that cost.
gsts impact on the economy will unfold over many years and it is likely to be immensely positive.
its impact on the nations politics, however, will be immediate and revolve around how it plays out at the shop level.
the gst council, which is meeting tomorrow, is likely to finalise the draft model gst law including final drafting of the anti-profiteering clause to ensure benefit of lower taxes gets shared with consumers.
the council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising representatives of all states, is also likely to finalise the definition of agriculture and agriculturist as well as constitution of a national goods and services tax appellate tribunal to adjudicate disputes.
the law ministry has sent the approved language and draft of the model gst law, which outlines how the new national sales tax will be levied on goods and services.
the law ministry-approved draft and the language have been discussed today by the councils sub-committee comprising central and state officials.
the vetted draft will then be put up before the council at its 10th meeting scheduled to be held in udaipur tomorrow.
the government intends to introduce the model gst law in parliament in the second half of the current budget session beginning next month, officials said.
the government is keen to roll out the new regime from july 1 but for that, it will have to get two laws - the central gst (cgst) act and integrated gst (igst) act -- approved by parliament and each of the state legislatives have to pass the state gst (sgst) act.
the model gst law provides a common draft of cgst act, sgst act.
besides, there is an igst law and compensation law.
officials said that the government is keen to pass benefit of lower taxes to consumers and so an anti-profiteering measure has been incorporated in the draft law.
it provides for constituting an authority to examine whether input tax credits availed by any registered taxable person, or the reduction in the price on account of any reduction in the tax rate, have actually resulted in a commensurate reduction in the price of the said goods and/or services supplied by him.
for example, a good or service is to be levied with a gst of 5 .
but in course of supply, a 20  tax is paid, whose input credit is taken.
so, the final consumer will be levied only 5  tax and not 25 , as the input credit of 20  is already taken, an official explained.
this has to be declared at the time of filing returns by the taxpayer, the official said.
the taxable event under gst is supply of goods and services.
the place of supply of goods is the place where the goods are delivered, except in few cases.
businessupdated: sep 20, 2019 23:41 ista meeting of the 37th goods and services tax (gst) council held in goa on friday recommended the slashing of rates on hotel tariffs while hiking the tariff on caffeinated beverages from 18  to 28 .
after a marathon meeting that lasted more than eight hours, union finance minister nirmala sitharaman said that the council meeting was long, but absolutely productive and that everyone was on board with all the decisions that were taken.
announcing the reduction in tariffs on hotel rates, the union finance minister said that it was a powerful presentation from the minister of the host state (goa) that resulted in the council going beyond the rate reduction that was initially envisaged.
the gst council agreed to reduce tax from 28  to 18  on hotel room tariffs of rs 7,500 and above per night and from 18  to 12  on hotel room tariffs between 1001 to 7,500.
watch | gst council cut rates for hotel tariffs, hikes tax on caffeinated beveragessome of the decisions are those which have been waiting for a long time and let me happily say that here in goa many of the decisions are driven by the broader principle and i take the example of tourism the decision has been taken keeping the promotion of tourism in mind, sitharaman said.
the reduction of hotel rates and their rationalisation was one of the primary demands of the hotel industry not just in goa but across the country.
also read: investors become richer by nearly rs 7 lakh cr in a day on fms tax boostergst rates for hospitality in india are very high as compared to our asian competitors where they are 6-8 .
indian states lose a significant number of foreign tourists due to this and will also lose domestic traffic in this segment, the travel and tourism association of goa, which had lobbied hard for the rate reduction, said.
we are extremely happy with the reduction in gst.
a reduction to 12  would have helped us compete with many other countries but nevertheless we are happy.
i am extremely proud that the ttag lobbied to do what the industry in the entire country could not do for the last one year, president of the travel and tourism association of goa savio said in a statement.
the gst panel also decided to hike the gst rate on caffeinated beverages from 18  to 28  and in addition, impose a 12  compensation cess.
the broader thumb rule of making the economy a lot more vibrant, through better taxation, the simplification of taxation and rationalizations of tax rates have governed this gst council meeting and as a result that we realised that we could have arrived at conclusions on many of these rates, sitharaman said.
there has also been a very clear suggestion that goms (group of ministers) about four of them which are in existence should fairly quickly meet because they have had their meetings delayed for genuine considerations but now the house felt that the goms for the respective mandated topics would meet earliest and come to some kind of quick resolution of those issues which are posed to them, sitharaman added.
the meeting also paid tribute to former finance minister arunjaitley who passed away recently.
the council stood up for a minutes silence for the immense contribution arunjaitley has made.
he was the chairman and chaired nearly 35 of the gst council meetings.
earlier in the day, prior to the commencement of the meeting sitharaman announced a slew of measures, most prominently the reduction in corporate tax rates from 30  to 25  for domestic companies and from 25  to 15  for new companies.
the move would result in forgone revenue of rs 1.
45 lakh crore.
the bharatiya janata party came out in full strength against the violence at party boss amit shahs roadshow in kolkata, blaming mamata banerjees trinamool congress for the attack in bengal and demanding that the election commission bar the chief minister from campaigning for instigating her party workers.
the trinamool congress has blamed the violence on bjp supporters.
what does amit shah think of himself?
is he above everything?
is he god that no one can protest against him?
mamata banerjee told reporters after visiting north kolkatas vidyasagar college.
the citys education hub of college street had turned into a battlefield when bjp supporters allegedly clashed with the police in front of calcutta university and vandalised a bust of iconic social reformer iswarchandra vidyasagar in a college set up by him in 1872.
the bjp alleges that stones were first thrown at them by trinamool congress supporters.
amit shah said trinamool goons attacked the roadshow about 200 metres from where he was near a medical college.
inflammable material was thrown at the roadshow and there was an effort to trigger a stampede, he said.
shah asked people in bengals nine lok sabha constituencies that are yet to vote to respond to the attack with their vote.
writing on the wall is clear and mamata didi has read it well.
didi, your violence and hooliganism can no more stop the people of bengal from reclaiming the true legacy of this great land, he tweeted.
in delhi where a bjp delegation rushed to the election commission to complain about the violence, finance minister arunjaitley tweeted his attack.
has bengal acquired a government of gangsters?
the attack on amit shahs peaceful rally by the tmc is deplorable.
is a free & fair poll possible in bengal?
all eyes are now on the election commission, said jaitley.
chief ministers of bjp-ruled states such as maharashtras devendra fadnavis and uttar pradeshs yogi adityanath also punched the trinamool congress.
this is murder of democracy the way amit shah roadshow was attacked and the police responded, i think mamata banerjee is so scared that she wants to murder democracy, fadnavis told news agency ani.
yogi adityanath said the violence was a reflection of the lawlessness in west bengal under mamata banerjee.
tuesdays incident came in the backdrop of escalating political tension in and around kolkata where nine seats will go for the polls of may 19, the last and the final phase of the 17th lok sabha elections.
while shah led the road show in kolkata north, union minister smriti irani and senior bjp leader sunil deodhar addressed public meetings at jadavpur and kolkata south constituencies.
tmc supremo mamata banerjee addressed three rallies in kolkata south lok sabha.
the parliamentary board of the bjp may meet on saturday afternoon when results of the five state assembly elections will be out.
with exit polls projecting a good show by the saffron party, including in the crucial state of uttar pradesh where it is projected to emerge as the single largest party, its highest decision-making body is likely to take stock of the situation and chalk out future strategy.
prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah are among the boards 12 members who also include union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley , nitin gadkari, sushma swaraj, venkaiah naidu, ananth kumar, thawarchand gehlot and j p nadda.
a party source said the meeting has been tentatively scheduled for saturday.
however, there is a possibility that it could be held on sunday depending on how the results pan out.
the counting of votes will start saturday morning.
exit polls had on thursday projected a hung assembly in uttar pradesh, with bjp likely to lead the table, winning anywhere between 164 and 210 of the 403 seats.
they also projected a good show by the party in goa and uttarakhand.
