anand sharma new delhi, dec.
20: one could have heard a pin drop when congress leader anand sharma described union finance minister arunjaitley as an able minister.
but laughter rippled through the hall as the former commerce minister added: there aren't too many.
if the audience reaction at today's annual general meeting of industry chamber ficci reflected anything more than mere enjoyment of a joke, prime minister narendra modi should be pricking up his ears.
jaitley has indeed succeeded in stepping out of the prime minister's shadow and making a mark, which is more than his cabinet colleagues such as rajnath singh and sushma swaraj have managed to accomplish.
jaitley's seems to be the last word even in parliament.
sharma, though, didn't have anything more to offer in praise of the finance minister, who had addressed the ficci meeting hours earlier in the morning session.
on the contrary, he challenged jaitley's description of the congress's current role in the rajya sabha as obstructionist.
the congress leader wondered how the bjp could boast of being reformist after having blocked key bills for years.
although the audience didn't appear to appreciate sharma's retort, he continued: didn't they have blinkers on for years?
it is good they are seeing the sunlight after five years.
he added: they forced washouts of entire sessions in parliament.
but we don't have any agenda to block reforms.
bills will be passed.
we are committed to the india story remaining intact.
this commitment at the end of his sarcastic speech prompted moderator and former ficci president naina lal kidwai to say: a responsible opposition is needed in a democracy.
.
.
.
we are encouraged to hear from you that you won't be obstructionist for (the sake of) being obstructionist.
she went on: we want safety and security in the country along with a good business environment and good policies.
her reference to security and safety came in the context of sharma's argument that the rajya sabha logjam owed not to differences over any bill but to opposition concerns about violation of the fundamentals of india's constitution.
it can be understood if the fringe elements are violating the constitutional scheme on religious freedom, sharma said, but it is being done by the ministers and the mps in the government.
ficci's choice of subject for the 87th annual general meeting was enabling india -- sabka saath, sabka vikas (with support from all, development for all).
this take-off of a key bjp poll slogan could be read as a subtle reminder to the government --- in its own words --- that the voters' mandate had been for inclusive development, not a divisive communal agenda.
industry leaders have always maintained that peace is an imperative for business.
sharma, the congress deputy leader in the rajya sabha, cautioned the corporate leaders that the noise, euphoria and the high expectations generated by the modi government would finally disappoint them.
he conceded that the next annual general meeting would be the right time to judge the centre's performance but argued that the government was doomed to fail to meet its promises.
it is bold and courageous of a leader to make such attractive promises.
but if you promise the sun, moon and the stars together, it can't be delivered, he said.
governing india is complex.
we learnt it and they will learn it.
it is easy to talk, to run a propaganda campaign but difficult to deliver.
(the) economy is not looking up.
we ran a paralysed government but now there is dynamism.
but what is the result except renaming and re-packaging?
sharma added: in the 'make in india' campaign, everything except the logo is ours.
we opened the infrastructure, civil aviation, rail, defence.
.
.
.
it is delightful to know they have turned reformist after blocking legislation for ten years.
when we allowed fdi in retail, we got brickbats.
we put our government at stake, fought the case in the supreme court and won.
was that an obstructionist trait?
we are proud of what we did and take a share of the blame for what we didn't --- the delays, the environmental issues.
we delivered but we didn't shout from the rooftops.
sharma also took a dig at the swachh bharat campaign, saying its budget was the same as that earmarked by the upa for nirmal bharat.
in fact, (it is) less, as a few hundred crores have gone for the publicity of our revolutionary pm, he said.
sharma asked the industry leaders to find out why foreign exchange and fdi were falling and the fiscal deficit rising despite the price of crude oil sliding to $57 per barrel from $112 per barrel during the upa's tenure.
fed cuts growth forecastwashington june 18: the federal reserve today slashed its forecast for the us economic growth this year but expressed confidence that recovery was largely on track and would allow it to begin raising interest rates in 2015.
the central bank also reduced its monthly asset purchases from $45 billion to $35 billion.
it slashed its forecast for us economic growth to a range of between 2.
1 per cent and 2.
3 per cent from an earlier forecast of around 2.
9 per cent.
voda tax casenew delhi, june 18: finance minister arunjaitley is believed to have recused himself from matters pertaining to the rs 20,000-crore vodafone tax dispute and delegated decision making in this regard to his junior minister nirmala sitharaman.
insurancenew delhi, june 18: the insurance regulatory and development authority has made it mandatory for agents to provide the full details in a transparent manner before persuading policyholders to shift to another life insurance company.
sebi meetnew delhi, june 18: sebi is set to announce a slew of measures, including ipo and offer-for-sale reforms, to give a boost to the primary markets and make it easier for companies to raise funds.
new delhi, jan.
23 (pti): bjp leaders will meet president pratibha patil tomorrow to seek the removal of karnataka governor h.r. bharadwaj who has ordered chief minister b.s. yeddyurappas prosecution on grounds of corruption.
on a days visit to delhi, yeddyurappa met senior bjp leaders l.k. advani and arunjaitley to chalk out a strategy to deal with the situation in the southern state.
tomorrow at 11.
45, all our mps and rajya sabha members along with our all-india leaders are going to meet rashtrapatiji, he told reporters before flying back to bangalore at night.
party sources said rajya sabha opposition leader arunjaitley would lead the delegation.
yeddyurappas meeting with the top bjp leaders came a day after party chief nitin gadkari, who is in china, said though the chief minister had not committed any illegal act, his decision to denotify land in favour of his son was immoral and not proper.
asked about his reaction to gadkaris remark, the chief minister said he would discuss the issue with the bjp chief.
i dont want to comment on anything stated by our all-india party president.
yeddyurappa said he would not approach the high court against the governors decision to sanction his prosecution and accused bharadwaj of trying to fulfil his individual political ambitions.
feb.
10: how the probe panel concluded that gurunath meiyappan was indeed a chennai super kings official despite claims to the contrary by his father-in-law and indian cricket chief narayanswamy srinivasan and his company india cements, which owns the franchise: just an enthusiast srinivasan had said in may 2013, after the scandal broke, that gurunath was just a young (cricket) enthusiast associated with the super kings.
india cements had said gurunath was not (a) team principal as he claimed on his twitter account but merely an honorary member of (the) csk team management.
srini and dhoni india cements representatives told the probe committee that gurunath had no shareholding in the company and so could not be considered an owner of the franchise, the report says.
india and csk captain m.s. dhoni, srinivasan and india cements officials also told the panel that gurunath had nothing to do with the cricketing affairs of the franchise and was a mere cricket enthusiast supporting the team.
present everywhere the committee asked many people what gurunaths role and position was in the super kings.
it found out that: gurunath would be with the team during practice sessions and the teams meetings and travels.
he would be at the auction table and in the owners dugout.
he participated in ipl owners meetings and workshops, introducing himself as the csk owner.
he held out to the world at large as the team principal/team owner of csk.
gurunaths claims saved web pages of gurunaths twitter handle showed he had been openly describing himself as csk team principal although, after the allegations surfaced against him, there were efforts to erase proof of (his) link with chennai super kings.
mumbai police showed the panel business cards and letterheads wherein mr meiyappan had claimed to be the team owner/principal.
owner muddle ipl ceo sundar raman told the panel that team ownership structures were in general ambiguous, and the term owner for the purpose of accreditation was used loosely and had no implications while identifying an owner under the franchise agreement.
raman said the ipl governing council had not made any efforts to determine who the ultimate owners of the franchises were.
authorisations gurunath was accredited/authorised (though implicitly at times) by india cements to participate and be present when various crucial decisions were taken in relation to csk.
india cements forwarded accreditation requests for gurunath every ipl season under different nomenclatures (i.
e.
owner and management).
a bcci letter dated february 3, 2013, was annexed to a csk representation of 2011 that sought accreditation and described gurunath as a team director.
this document also seeks access (for) mr meiyappan to all areas.
a gold pass and a management blue pass have also been sought for meiyappan, the report says.
hussey flip-flop the panel noted that csk cricketer mike hussey had written on page 97 of his book underneath the southern cross that: as he (srinivasan) was also on the board of the bcci, he gave control of the team to his son-in-law mr gurunath.
he ran the team along with kepler wessels, who was coach .
but the panel also noted that hussey had later issued a public retraction.
de facto owner the conclusions reached by the panel after talking to several persons who were/are part of csk, former and current ipl players and administrators, persons representing other ipl teams, cricket commentators and sports journalists: gurunath formed an integral part of the csk and most people viewed him as the face of the team.
gurunath had knowledge of, or was in a position to easily access, sensitive team information, team strategies, match conditions, etc, which was outside the preview of an ordinary person following the game of cricket.
although the de jure ownership vests in india cements, gurunath acted as a team official if not the de facto owner of csk.
whether gurunath is described as team principal or owner would not materially alter his status/position held in csk.
so, gurunath would qualify as a team official under the ipls operational rules, and all ipl rules and regulations would squarely apply to him.
india cements claim that gurunath was not related in any way with the super kings appears to be contradicting the factual position.
horses mouth some of those the committee interviewed  the accused: such as gurunath meiyappan, raj kundra and s. sreesanth.
but vindoo dara singh, the late wrestlers son accused of placing gurunaths bets, played truantlthe captain: india and csk skipper m.s. dhoni  former players: such as sachin tendulkar, sourav ganguly, rahul dravid, anil kumble and krishnamachari srikkanth  for any information and recommendations to curb sporting fraud  ministers, politicians: such a arunjaitley and rajiv shukla, who have been associated with cricket administration  cricket bosses: such as n. srinivasan, jagmohan dalmiya, shashank manohar and i.s. bindra  journalists: such as harsha bhogle, kishore bhimani, n.ram, sharda ugra, pradeep magazine, aniruddh bahl and boria majumdar  police officers: from mumbai, delhi, chennai and jaipur as well as former cbi director r.k. raghavan  team officials: such as kolkata knight riders ceo venky mysore, for details of how the teams were run and by whom  others: bcci and icc anti-corruption unit members, people whose names featured on relevant documents, and those with knowledge of the issues involved.
cbi headquarters in delhi.
stock image/ prem singhnew delhi, feb.
28 (agencies): the central bureau of investigation on wednesday arrested karti chidambaram, son of former union finance minister p. chidambaram, in connection with foreign investment violations in inx media.
karti was detained at chennai airport when he returned from the united kingdom, and was put on a flight to delhi, where he is to be produced before a court that handles cases of the cbi.
abhishek dayal, cbi spokesman, said: the reasons for the arrest will be provided in the court.
kartis father has served twice as finance minister in the congress-led coalition that ran india for a decade in the noughties.
chidambaram senior has been a vocal critic of prime minister narendra modi and current finance minister arun jaitley.
congress spokesman randeep singh surjewala tweeted that the modi government was continuing its vendetta against chidambaram, and called the arrest a diversionary tactic to hide scams and colossal corruption.
the cbi says karti received money from inx media for getting it clearances for foreign investment.
it is also probing similar irregularities in the aircel-maxis deal in 2006.
the agency had summoned karti for questioning earlier but he had sought stay orders from various courts.
the cbi filed an fir or first information report on may 15 last year.
it says karti had received rs 10 lakh for brokering the deal.
the cbi has alleged karti also received money from inx media to scuttle a tax probe.
at that time, inx media was owned at the time by former star india boss peter mukerjea and his wife indrani, who are currently in jail on charges of murdering indrani's daughter sheena bora.
the enforcement directorate has also registered a money laundering case.
the cbi and the ed had carried out a series of raids on the houses and offices owned by the chidambarams.
the government had sought to prevent karti from going abroad as it felt he would try and close his accounts there.
but, in november, the supreme court allowed karti to go to the uk for his daughter's admission in cambridge university.
according to the cbi, inx media clearly states in its records that rs 10 lakh was given to advantage strategic consulting, a firm indirectly owned by karti, for management consultancy charged towards fipb notification and clarification.
the fir also alleges that invoices of approximately rs 3.
5 crore were raised in favour of inx group in the name of other companies in which karti had substantial interests directly or indirectly.
finance minister arunjaitley came up with a lengthy write-up that he posted on facebook pti file picturethe bjp on wednesday resurrected the 1984 anti-sikh riots to slam the congress and accuse the rival of deliberately blocking fair investigation and trial, picking on a delhi courts judgment handing the death sentence and a life term to two convicts.
finance minister arunjaitley came up with a lengthy write-up and the bjp fielded law minister ravi shankar prasad to address the media to accuse the congress of burying riot cases and take credit for the convictions by a delhi court on tuesday.
the party pointed out that the conviction was the result of the special investigation team constituted by the narendra modi government in 2015.
yesterday justice has been done in one case where two accused have been punished, one with life sentence and the other with death sentence.
there are thousands of such cases which required a similar punishment in the 1980s itself.
prasad accused former prime minister rajiv gandhi of justifying the killings of sikhs with his statement that when a big banyan tree falls, the earth shakes.
congress till date hasnt disassociated itself from this statement of rajiv gandhi.
now, the congress should clarify whether it holds rajiv gandhis statement right, prasad said.
the minister claimed that available evidence clearly shows that the congress ensured in the last 35 years that no fair investigation or trial should be allowed to take place against the culprits of the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
can the congress to cite one instance to show that the party tried to give justice to the victims of the riots?
he asked.
jaitley referred to operation bluestar and said the assassination of indira gandhi was a direct fallout of the disastrous operation in june 1984 at the golden temple.
he accused previous congress governments of not only protecting the culprits but even rewarding them with berths in parliament and the union ministry.
prasad took the names of many commissions of inquiry formed by congress governments in the past and alleged that none of them were allowed to deliver justice to the victims families.
in this context, the law minister even named former chief justice of india ranganath mishra and alleged that he was rewarded with a rajya sabha berth because the inquiry commission headed by him said the anti-sikh riots were not an organised crime.
ranganath mishra is no more and it is painful to recall how the congress rewarded him with a rajya sabha berth after he retired in the early nineties, the law minister said.
exonerate and get rewarded, he added.
prasad said the modi government was committed to give justice to the sikh families who suffered during the riots.
asked about the gujarat riots of 2002, prasad claimed there was proper probe in the cases.
he said that the then chief minister and now prime minister narendra modi was interrogated by the sit for 3 days and no evidence was found against him.
people shouldnt use the gujarat riots to justify the anti-sikh riots, he said, and added that all riots are wrong.
our special correspondentnew delhi: india leapt 30 places to rank 100 on the world bank's ease of doing business survey for 2018, which left the narendra modi government ecstatic that the multilateral institution had finally acknowledged its efforts to break the regulatory and procedural gridlocks that have often frustrated foreign investors.
this is the biggest jump made by any country in this survey.
the modi government has expressed its resolve to ensure that india breaks into the top 50 of the 190 countries that the world bank survey covers every year.
last year, the government was hugely disappointed that the country had moved up just one rung to 130 in the overall rankings and had pressured the world bank to send a team to the country and see the progress that the country had made.
having embarked on a strong reform agenda to improve the business environment, the significant jump this year is a result of the indian government's consistent efforts over the past few years, said annette dixon, world bank's vice-president for the south asia region.
in this year's survey, india has improved rankings on six of the 10 parameters: its highest rank is in the area of protecting interests of minority investors where it ranks 4 in the world, moving up nine places since last year.
it also showed strong performance in the area of getting credit where it was ranked 29, jumping 15 places from last year's rank of 44.
paradoxically, one reason for this could be the fact that bank credit growth this year has slowed to 6.
4 per cent in the week ended september 29 from the year-ago level of 9.
8 per cent -- a situation that has forced bankers to chase borrowers rather than the other way round.
the country also jumped 33 places in the area of resolving insolvency to rank 103, largely a result of the modi government's ability to pass the bankruptcy code to fast track the process of debt resolution through company law tribunals.
the country leapfrogged 53 places to 119 from 172 last year in the area of paying taxes, which reflects the growing digitisation of the tax platform that aims to minimize arbitrariness and discretionary powers of tax officials.
the report did not measure the impact of shock demonetisation exercise last year and the implementation of a nationwide goods and services tax (gst), which have been blamed for slowdown in the economy in the first quarter (april-june) to 5.
7 per cent, the lowest level in the past five years.
in the case of gst, we know that this is a very complicated reform, dixon said, adding that the agency would observe the gst for the next two or three years to see its full implementation.
the two other areas where the country climbed the charts were dealing with construction permits (181, up four places), and enforcing contracts (164, up eight places).
however, the report says the time taken to enforce a contract is longer today at 1,445 days, than it was 15 years ago (1,420 days).
but the big worry is in the key parameter of starting a business where india has dropped one rung to 156.
in 2016, it had ranked much higher at 151.
the three other areas where it slid down the charts were in getting electricity (ranked 29, down 3 places), registering property (154, down 16 rungs), and trading across barriers (146, dropping 3 notches).
chandrajit banerjee, cii director general, said: the surge in ranking by as much as 30 places is an outcome of key reforms including digitisation of processes, enhancing tax payment and access to credit.
the world bank ranking is based on its study of the system in the two cities of mumbai and new delhi.
the ease of doing business is an index created by the world bank to measure regulations directly affecting businesses and overall environment.
new delhi, sept.
20: the bjp today blamed upas internal problems and mamata banerjee for indias failure to sign the crucial transit treaty with bangladesh during the prime ministers visit to dhaka early this month.
leader of the opposition in rajya sabha, arunjaitley , said not being able to clinch the deal despite a friendly government being in bangladesh was an opportunity missed.
i had a silent hope that in this visit the access agreement would be signed.
it is clearly the internal dynamics of the upa that had a role to play, said jaitley.
at the last moment, the west bengal chief minister decided not to go because of (disagreements with bangladesh on) teesta water-sharing and so the access deal was not clinched, he told a large gathering of young lawyers and law students today.
the lecture was organised by the north east sampark cell of the bjp that was set up last year to help and guide young people from the northeast living across india.
the transit agreement through which india could send goods using bangladeshs road, water and rail networks has been a distant dream for the northeast.
he was in consonance with sushma swaraj who also had questioned mamatas absence in dhaka.
partition had also pushed the northeast farther by a good 1,200km, he said.
the senior bjp leader was driving home the point that bjp was foremost in caring for the region and wanted access of goods for the northeast through bangladesh.
the leader, however, was careful on the partys stand vis--vis india-bangladesh relations, saying the government should be cautious while exchanging land in assam.
having said that, he added that settlement of boundary (including china) issue would ensure more peace in the region.
jaitley made it clear that on the issue of friendship with bangladesh, the nda and the upa were on the same wavelength.
the indian political establishment needs to increase its mindspace on issues of the northeast, he added.
the experience in the past really has been of the sbi merger.
.
.
earlier last month, the cabinet committee on economic affairs had approved the merger of state-run vijaya bank, bank of baroda and dena bank to create the countrys third-largest bank.
this marks the first three-way merger in the banking sector and the second big merger in the space.
two years back, the government had merged five associates and bharatiya mahila bank with the sbi.
after the latest merger, the number of psu banks will come down to 18.
officials said going ahead the government would consider merging more psu banks in the 2019-20 financial year itself.
officials said on the agenda was a merger of the weaker lenders with the stronger ones.
at present, punjab national bank, canara bank, indian bank, punjab & sind bank, syndicate bank and union bank are the psu lenders doing better than the rest of the pack.
laggards include oriental bank of commerce, uco bank, allahabad bank, united bank of india, corporation bank and bank of maharashtra.
the objective is to create strong banks and the experience of bank mergers has so far been that they do help to strengthen banks and cut down flab and create positive synergies, said officials.
the finance ministry feels consolidation will prevent multiplicity of resources being spent in the same area and strengthen banks to deal with shocks.
the government hopes the wave of mergers it wants to usher in will help state-run banks to reduce their bad loan portfolios and achieve operational efficiency.
however, some experts differ in their views.
former punjab national bank chairman k. c. chakravorty had cautioned that merging inefficient banks would not necessarily create efficiency.
jaitley, speaking to reporters in the parliament complex after the supreme court gave orders to reinstate cbi director alok verma, said the government would comply with the orders of the apex court.
the government took this decision to protect the integrity of the cbi.
.
.
.
government took the action of sending two senior officers of cbi on leave on cvc's recommendation, he said, referring to the decision to send verma and cbi special director rakesh asthana on leave.
he said the court has referred the matter to the committee to decide on the issue within one week.
the court apparently has strengthened the immunity given to the cbi director in the larger interest of the fair and impartial working of the cbi.
at the same time, the court has devised an accountability mechanism.
the directions of the court will obviously be complied with, he said.
the supreme court reinstated verma, setting aside the centre's decision to divest him of his powers, but restrained him from taking any major policy decision till the cvc probe into corruption charges against him is over.
the apex court said any further decision against verma, who was sent on leave following the centre's october 23 decision and retires on january 31, would be taken by the high-powered committee that selects and appoints the cbi director.
arun jaitleynew delhi, jan.
3: the bjp today asked sonia gandhi to junk her five-pronged anti-corruption crusade and instead use a single weapon: do not cover up.
it also demanded a special investigation team to look afresh at the bofors case, alleging the cbi could not be trusted with the investigation.
the bjp has targeted sonia after the income tax appellate tribunal order, hoping to revive memories of the late 1980s when the bofors kickback allegations cost rajiv gandhi an election.
it is not just a case of bribery.
bribery was accompanied by a huge cover-up operation for two-and-a-half decades, said arun jaitley.
he referred to sonias blueprint to fight corruption, unveiled in the congress plenary session, saying: it is a timely reminder for sonia gandhi.
the country does not need five points to fight corruption.
it needs one and that is: start sending the guilty to jail and do not cover up.
he emphasised the contradiction in the way the cbi had handled the bofors affair and the tax tribunals ruling.
we have a strange situation.
on the one hand, after a detailed probe, the cbi said no kickbacks were paid and closed the case.
clearly, the entire fraud perpetuated on the country by the cbi acting at the behest of its political masters stands unravelled.
jaitley described the tribunal ruling as a discovery of truth by default.
he hit out at the cbi for not filing an fir in the bofors case, for its reluctance to file chargesheets except when compelled by circumstances, and for getting the bank account of italian businessman ottavio quattrocchi de-frozen.
new delhi, june 24: bjp insiders today said it was time narendra modi or party chief amit shah - or both - stepped in to contain subramanian swamy after the rajya sabha member tweeted a personal remark that left little doubt who his target was: finance minister arun jaitley.
swamy also warned of a blood bath as he responded to jaitley's comment that politicians shouldn't make attacks against officials unable to publicly defend themselves because of the discipline and constraints of service rules.
a bjp official said the party could not take cover any more with the excuse that swamy's remarks were his personal views.
this stand is giving credence to the speculation that either the rss or the prime minister, or both, are tacitly pushing him to say such things.
in a tweet this morning, swamy said the bjp should direct our ministers to wear traditional and modernised indian clothes while abroad.
in coat and tie they look like waiters.
swamy did not name arunjaitley , but it was clear who his target was because the finance minister is on a visit to china.
pictures from beijing showed him in formal wear with a tie.
swamy did not stop at that as he responded to jaitley's defence of arvind subramanian after swamy's first attack on the chief economic adviser.
people giving me unasked for advice of discipline and restraint don't realise that if i disregard discipline there would be a blood bath, swamy tweeted.
sources said if swamy kept picking on the government's senior officials, the bureaucracy might turn against modi.
pradhan: on the job new delhi, march 24: the government has asked state owned oil companies to come up with their proposals on mergers as the narendra modi-government steps up its drive to create oil behemoths that can aggressively bid for global assets and withstand price volatility.
we have asked the companies to appoint consultants, assess the advantages and disadvantages.
let them come with concrete proposal to the ministry, oil minister dharmendra pradhan told reporters.
we brought this idea because it falls in the oil and gas scenario we are visualising.
if there is integration from upstream company to downstream company, they will compliment each other in cyclical situations.
the companies will have to work out the nitty-gritty.
let them come up with the proposals.
the government is looking at creating an integrated oil company, and the plan is to merge an oil producer with a refiner.
we seek opportunities to strengthen our central public-sector enterprises through consolidation, mergers and acquisitions.
there are six major state-owned companies - ongc and oil india being the oil producers; indian oil corp, hpcl and bharat petroleum corp ltd in the refinery business; and gail in gas transportation.
one option is to merge refiners hpcl and bpcl with ongc; and merge ioc and oil, creating two large vertically integrated companies.
lng strategy pradhan said india could join china, japan and korea to jointly buy liquefied natural gas as part of an effort to extract better deals.
the minister said the market was gradually becoming more consumer-centric and (do) not rule out india joining japan, korea and china to jointly buy lng.
the world's biggest liquefied natural gas (lng) buyers are clubbing together to secure more flexible supply contracts.
top chinese, korean and japanese companies have reportedly signed a memorandum of understanding to co-operate in the joint procurement of lng.
piyush goyal announcing the extension of 22 pairs of train services running on the indian railways system, in new delhi on wednesday, january 23, 2019.
(pti)the temporary charge of the finance ministry has been handed to piyush goyal nine days before the union budget, the announcement coinciding with a report that arunjaitley has undergone a surgery in new york and been advised rest for two weeks.
the budget is scheduled for february 1, which falls in the middle of the two-week rest reportedly prescribed for jaitley.
jaitley, who had unexpectedly left for the us on january 13, has undergone tests for soft tissue cancer, pti quoted sources as saying.
jaitley will be minister without portfolio during the period of his indisposition or till such time he is able to resume his work as minister of finance, according to a notification issued by the president on wednesday.
the budget documents have been readied and sent for printing.
the last-minute changes and instructions were overseen by the prime ministers office in the absence of the finance minister, an official said.
we have been told to prepare for a briefing for goyal tomorrow (thursday), the official added.
if arunjaitley does not resume work before february 1, goyal is expected to present the budget.
goyal had held the finance portfolio for three months from may to august 2018 when arunjaitley had undergone kidney transplant.
at that time too, arunjaitley had been made minister without portfolio.
jaitley had said last week that the larger interest of the economy dictates what goes into the budget, which was seen as a hint that the government might come out with a full-scale budget.
jaitleys comments had been widely construed to mean that the government planned to introduce a farm package aimed at mollifying rising anger over poor farm incomes during the narendra modi regime.
there had also been speculation that the government could increase the income tax exemption limit tors 5 lakh and adopt measures to address the concerns of small and medium businesses.
some officials had felt that arunjaitley could be back from the us by republic day to present the budget.
however, tonights announcement seems to indicate otherwise, a senior official said.
the presidential notification on wednesday evening said: the president of india, as advised by the prime minister, hereby directed that during the period of indisposition of shri arunjaitley , minister; the portfolios of minister of finance and minister of corporate affairs held by him, be temporarily assigned to shri piyush goyal, in addition to his existing portfolios.
further, as advised by the prime minister, shri arunjaitley be designated as minister without portfolio during the period of his indisposition or till such time he is able to resume his work as minister of finance and minister of corporate affairs, the notification added.
during his earlier stint as stopgap finance minister, goyal had negotiated a crucial period when bad loans run up by state-run banks had peaked and ways to give a fillip to growth before the lok sabha elections were being planned.
goyal had also presided over a gst council meeting last july where taxes on a record number of goods had been slashed.
he had amended the bankruptcy law and ordered the takeover of the perennially sick idbi bank by the lic, risking policy-holders money.
(shutterstock)small and medium businesses with an annual turnover of rs 40 lakh will be exempt from paying the goods and services tax  a move that is expected to free 20 lakh firms from the rigours of the indirect tax regime that was introduced in july 2017.
the gst council also announced on thursday that the turnover cap for the composition scheme  under which most small businesses pay only a 1 per cent tax would be raised to rs 1.
5 crore from april 1.
the earlier threshold was rs 1 crore.
restaurants, however, pay a higher 5 per cent tax under the composition scheme.
the twin decisions come as a relief for small and medium businesses that have been groaning under the burden of taxation in the gst regime that replaced more than a dozen federal and state levies.
at present, over 1.
17 crore businesses are registered under the gst scheme.
of these, over 18 lakh firms have opted for the composition scheme.
the bjp will be hoping that the decisions translate into support for the narendra modi government from the partys traditional voter base even though the decisions had the backing of states ruled by opposition parties.
moreover, service providers and suppliers of both goods and services up to a turnover of rs 50 lakh will be eligible to opt for the gst composition scheme and pay a tax of 6 per cent.
but there is an opt-out facility for states that fear their tax base will drastically erode if the exemption limit is raised from rs 20 lakh at present to the proposed level of rs 40 lakh.
a few states felt that that if the turnover threshold for exemption was raised to rs 40 lakh, their assessee base would be badly eroded.
so, if they inform the gst secretariat within a week, then they will be given the option to opt down to rs 20 lakh.
puducherry has kept this option.
this is a one-time exception and will not affect businesses with inter-state supplies, arunjaitley added.
kerala and chhattisgarh have also insisted on a rs 20 lakh exemption limit, said bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi who heads the group of ministers formed by the gst council.
the gst council allowed kerala to levy a 1 per cent calamity cess on intra-state sales of goods and services for a period of up to two years to mobilise revenues to meet the cost of rehabilitation of the flood-ravaged state.
this had been a contentious issue since the gst regime did not provide for the imposition of a calamity cess that would be confined to a single state.
finance ministry sources said the annual revenue loss arising from the decision to double the exemption limit to rs 40 lakh had been estimated at rs 5,200 crore.
the twin relaxations in the composition scheme will have an annual revenue impact of rs 3,000 crore.
the government is trying to correct the mistakes it made when gst was introduced, especially with respect to small businesses which have been hit hard by demonetisation and gst, said sumit dutt majumder, former chairman of the central board of excise & customs and author of gst: explained for common man.
dealers who opt for the composition scheme will have to pay taxes quarterly and file one annual return along with a simple declaration, which will smoothen compliance procedures for small businesses.
the big expectation of a reduction in the gst levy from 12 per cent to 5 per cent for under-construction real state properties did not come through.
a seven-member group of ministers has been formed to examine the proposal to create a composition scheme for the real estate sector.
another panel will examine a proposal to ensure uniformity of taxation on lotteries and other issues relating to the subject since states had divergent views.
since its launch 18 months ago, the gst regime has undergone several rounds of drastic change.
last month, the government had slashed taxes on 34 goods.
analysts said the centre was likely to face a shortfall of rs 1 lakh crore on account of gst by the year-end.
punjab, bihar, gujarat, odisha, puducherry, delhi and chhattisgarh are among states that are facing a revenue shortfall.
new delhi, aug.
9 (pti): the centre has not taken any decision to convert the north eastern council (nec) into a regional planning body, rajya sabha was told today.
during question hour, the congress's bhubaneswar kalita sought to know if the government was thinking of turning the nec into a regional planning body, thereby defeating its purpose.
regarding core schemes, the funding pattern all over the country remains the same.
with regard to other core schemes for the northeast and three himalayan states, the funding pattern is 90:10, which for other states is 60:40.
for optional schemes implemented in the northeast and the himalayan states, funding pattern is 80:20, arunjaitley added.
the 15-year-strong anti-incumbency is not the force that is threatening the much-maligned shivraj singh chouhan government in madhya pradesh.
it is one reckless decision of the much-admired prime minister that appears to be imperilling the chief ministers pursuit of a fourth consecutive term.
notebandi reverberates through the markets of indore, a commercial hub, two years after narendra modis demonetisation sucked out over 85 per cent of the currency all of a sudden.
modi and his party might have buried demonetisation but its ghost is lurking in every corner here, itching to strike when it can hurt most.
indore is a stronghold of the sangh parivar but few people are talking about the eternal diversionary ploy of the ram temple or the hindu-muslim divide.
most businessmen, who readily describe themselves as traditional bjp supporters, contended that this election was more about kam than ram (work, not religion).
this spells disaster for the bjp, under normal circumstances.
ashok mandlik, a textile trader and a leader of the jain samaj, told the telegraph: notebandi is doubtless the biggest issue as it destroyed businesses.
there was no recovery as this horrendous decision was followed by an equally debilitating gst.
many industries closed down, business is down by at least 50-60 per cent and the time is not far when a large number of entrepreneurs will be forced to take up jobs for survival.
contending that the sentiments of the business community will exact a heavy political price from the bjp, he added: mostly illiterate people work in the textile sector; embroidery is done mostly by poor women and even today, they refuse to accept payment by cheque.
surendra singh chauhan, a worker, confirms this: i used to get embroidery work from seven to eight firms and did work of around rs 25,000 every week.
after notebandi, i barely get work worth rs 25,000 a month.
i sold machines.
my entire family is praying for achchhe din to return.
the sentiment pervades most sectors.
hukam soni, the president of the madhya pradesh sarafa (jewellery) association, said: cruel policies, lack of foresight and planning and insensitive attitude of the government caused boundless misery to us.
when we pleaded for help, we were called chor.
soni added: we suffered a 45-day strike in the sona-chandi business, followed by notebandi and the gst.
the cash flow hasnt revived, people dont have the confidence to spend.
this diwali, we hardly did 25 per cent of the normal business.
soni asserted that he was a diehard bjp supporter but added that if there are 10 members in his family, eight will not vote for the bjp.
the government, both at the centre and in the state, has a negative approach.
we dont mind formalisation of businesses but destruction cant be tolerated.
traders are facing continuous raids, one after another.
two surveys are done in a year.
the attitude is to torture.
we worked for the bjp since the jan sangh days but they treated us as criminals, he added.
a grain trader was equally bitter.
pleading for anonymity as these people are vindictive, he said: nobody has the capacity to stock material.
i used to always buy haldi (turmeric) for rs 50 lakh and made profits.
last year, i bought haldi for rs 20 lakh and it is still rotting.
there is no liquidity in the market.
debt recovery is terrible.
mutual trust has broken.
farmers are not getting good prices because stockists are not buying.
a garment factory owner, who did not want to be named because he is a bjp man, said: i had 60 workers; now reduced to 15 within two years of notebandi.
we brought modi to give us something but he took everything away.
business is down 50 per cent across sectors  real estate is far worse  and at least 50 per cent traditional voters will vote for the congress this time.
i never saw a bigger political event in rajwada than rahul gandhis recent visit here.
for the first time in our lives, none of my family members will vote for the bjp.
shivraj singh chouhan at a rally in madhya pradesh.
ptithe factory owner summoned the workers one by one to express their feelings.
everybody stressed on the loss of work and the absence of a salary hike for the past two years.
kaluram jagdale said: our entire community votes for the bjp but people are angry this time.
there is no work, and gas tanki (lpg cylinder) costs rs 1,000.
sumir yadav, another worker, said: i couldnt have imagined my sahib would have to curtail his business by half.
there are no orders.
i am suffering with him as there is no salary hike and over 40 of my colleagues lost their jobs.
asked about the prevailing anger in the business community, an rss worker said: finance minister arunjaitley is to blame, along with the rbi.
they didnt manage the post-notebandi phase well.
reminded that modi alone took that decision, he persisted: even a good decision has to be properly implemented.
cctv cameras should have been installed in all major banks the managers helped conversion of black into white.
rss workers have been assigned work to assuage the feelings of the businessmen.
they fan out in all major parks and try to convince people during their morning walk that the larger cause of hindutva should not be derailed because of the demonetisation.
this is followed by breakfast meetings.
poha, a breakfast dish made of beaten rice, is supplied to homes in different localities where meetings of 30-40 people are held and the importance of the core agenda is explained.
hukam soni, the leader of the jewellery traders in indore, sums up the mood: we are not fighting the bjp, we are fighting the cruel policies.
the hindu-muslim issues are not affecting us any more.
the modi government has tormented us beyond comprehension.
yes, modi is the albatross around shivrajs neck.
the new iits will come up in jammu, chhattisgarh, goa, coastal andhra pradesh and kerala, taking the total number of these premier tech schools to 21, including eight started in the last six years.
the new iims will be located in himachal pradesh, punjab, bihar, odisha and maharashtra.
seven of the 13 existing b-schools came up in the last seven years.
the union budget has allotted rs 500 crore for the proposed institutions.
jaitley said the country needed more world-class centres of higher learning and announced plans to set up a jai prakash narayan national centre for excellence in humanities in madhya pradesh.
educationists, however, voiced concern over starting new iits and iims at a time the existing ones were struggling with lack of infrastructure and qualified teachers.
an iit delhi teacher said the budget proposal does not seem to recognise that a high-rise cannot be built without a sound and sufficiently deep foundation.
our school education system is in a complete mess.
we simply cannot provide high-quality higher education in science and technology unless we set our school education system in order.
private institutions, too, were not enthused by the budget provisions.
satya narayanan r., founder-chairman, career launcher educate, said: there is nothing to cheer elementary and school education, the foundation of any society, particularly that of indias underprivileged.
the iit delhi teacher said the government would need qualified people for the proposed institutions and wondered where they would come from.
what they plan to do would lead to propagation of mediocrity and dilution of whatever excellence exists in the country, he said.
he also criticised the upa government for setting up the new iits and iims without proper planning.
birendra nayak, a retired mathematics professor of utkal university, bhubaneswar, said the proposed iits and iims would only serve to augment the caste system by being treated in the same way the older ones now treat the newly set up institutes.
iit kanpur chairman m. anandkrishnan, however, said the country needed more institutions of higher study to meet the growing demand for quality education.
you have to start somewhere.
once started, the institutes will grow and establish themselves.
to argue that an institute should be started after having complete infrastructure and faculty is not a correct approach.
the allocation for the education sector has increased marginally from rs 79,451 crore last year to rs 82,771 crore: rs 55,115 crore for school education and literacy, including rs 28,635 crore for the sarva shiksha abhiyan, and rs 27,656 for higher and technical education.
jaitley announced a new teachers training programme named after pandit madan mohan malviya, an educationist and politician known for his role in the independence movement, to motivate teachers.
the minister set aside rs 100 crore for setting up virtual classrooms, or communication linked interface for cultivating knowledge, and online courses.
speaker sumitra mahajan conducts the proceedings of the lok sabha during the parliament's winter session in new delhi on monday.
pti picturenew delhi, dec.
18 (pti): lok sabha proceedings were adjourned for the second day on monday amid congress protests over insinuations by prime minister narendra modi against his predecessor manmohan singh even as the government managed to introduce five bills in the ruckus.
members from the congress and the left, who also sought to raise certain issues, trooped into the well during the zero hour.
amid the uproar by the opposition, five bills were introduced after the papers listed for the day were laid.
various standing committee reports and statements by ministers were also tabled.
finance minister arunjaitley tabled the 'supplementary demand for grants - second batch for 2017-18'.
congress members raised slogans against the prime minister and demanded an apology for his remarks against singh.
left members were trying to raise certain issues which could not be heard in the din.
as the protests continued, speaker sumitra mahajan adjourned the proceedings for the day.
the five bills which were introduced are 'the national council for teacher education (amendment) bill', 'the payment of gratuity (amendment) bill', the dentists (amendment) bill', 'the indian forest (amendment) bill' and 'the representation of the people (amendment) bill'.
earlier soon after the house assembled for the day, the proceedings were adjourned till noon following noisy scenes amid sloganeering from both sides of the house.
while bharatiya janata party members raised slogans hailing the prime minister and the party, the opposition raked up the remarks made by him against singh.
some other opposition members raised the issue of floods in odisha.
as soon as the house met, mahajan referred to the death of people in a boat accident in andhra pradesh, the devastation caused by the ockhi cyclone, earthquakes in mexico and iran-iraq border and terror attacks in various parts of the world, including the us, the uk, afghanistan and egypt.
the speaker also congratulated indian men's and women's hockey teams, boxer mary kom and weightlifter mirabai chanu for their outstanding achievements as well as wished them success.
when the house met for the day, it stood in silence in the memory of the departed souls.
new delhi, april 29: finance minister arunjaitley today vowed to make an example of money launderers and tax evaders, saying penalising powers of the enforcement directorate (ed), the economic crime-fighting agency, should be used expeditiously in cases of non-compliance.
speaking at a function here, arunjaitley called upon the agency to strictly enforce law to help the exchequer raise legitimate revenue.
he felt that non-compliance of tax laws has always hit the larger public and national interest.
and that is why the revenue department and the ed have a very important role to play, he emphasised.
there is an expectation of compliance and in the event of non-compliance, there is the power of penalising that the ed has.
this power has to be expeditiously used whenever violations are detected.
stating that the government has given citizens the right to deal in foreign exchange with a sense of trust, he said serious offence of money laundering, including using hawala channels, flight of capital out of the country, round-tripping of funds and creation of shell companies to avoid taxes have become a very standardised practice.
jaitley said these violations are not difficult to detect and scrutiny of filing with registrar of companies can also lead to the detection.
the entire route of multi-layering through which money laundering takes place.
.
.
it is matter of a few minutes to detect how the violation takes place, he cautioned.
the finance minister termed money laundering, round tripping, tax evasion and creation of shell companies as serious offences as the money meant for education, healthcare, rural development is being taken away.
finance minister arun jaitleywith amit mitra in new delhion tuesday.
(pti)new delhi, july 26: a meeting of state finance ministers with finance minister arunjaitley today agreed that the gst bill will be amended to allow compensation to states for any loss of revenue for a period of five years.
while a consensus on the bill between the bjp and the congress remains elusive, it was decided in the meeting that the states will get exclusive rights to levy gst on businesses with a turnover of rs 1.
5 crore or less.
bengal finance minister amit mitra, who heads the panel of state finance ministers on gst, told reporters: a consensus has emerged that the centre will compensate us for a period of up to five years for any loss of revenue.
according to the constitutional amendment bill: parliament may, by law, on the recommendation of the gst council, provide for compensation to the states for loss of revenue arising on account of implementation of gst for such period which may extend to five years.
this provision will probably have to be tweaked to provide for full compensation for any revenue loss suffered by the states for five years.
mitra added that a fool proof wording for compensation to states had been worked out.
mitra said it was also decided at the meeting that there would be no dual control of gst (for small businesses).
levy of gst on businesses with a revenue of or less than rs 1.
5 crore will be handled by the states.
dual control (states and centre) can be exercised over businesses with a turnover larger than rs 1.
5 crore.
also, there was a consensus to keep the gst rate out of the constitutional amendment bill, mitra claimed.
as you know that no tax rates are provided in the constitution.
the union finance minister will communicate to other parties.
he will explain that it can't come in the amendment but it can come in gst bill or act, mitra said.
mitra said it emerged at the meeting that the rate should be lower than existing levels.
states, however, remained divided over the levy of an additional 1 per cent over gst to compensate producer states.
meanwhile, the bjp continues to resist any kind of cap on the new gst, which would replace a host of taxes such as vat, excise, service tax and octroi.
the congress had sought a constitutional cap of 18 per cent on goods and services.
new delhi, oct.
16: the bjps unanticipated success in the jangipur by-election has prompted its core committee leaders to do a daily assessment of the partys position in various states to identify weak, strong and potentially strong regions and try and correct the shortfalls wherever possible.
party insiders were, however, still wary of stating that jangipur was a one-off showing or fell into an anticipated pattern that suggested the bjp was being increasingly seen as the congresss only alternative nationally.
at one time we had nearly 10 per cent votes in bengal, in the 90s when the nda was in power, a source said.
that dwindled but instead of going into the causes, we threw our hands up and deduced that there was no chance of an early recovery.
this time, our state leaders said the bjp was not going to be a pushover.
doubtless, the votes we polled (in the murshidabad constituency) have pushed up our confidence in bengal.
but more than that, we now believe we have an outer chance of picking up seats even in uncharted territories like tamil nadu.
if we try hard, that is.
over the past few days, bjp president nitin gadkari has been meeting l.k. advani, arunjaitley , sushma swaraj, rajnath singh and other core group members on the stock-taking exercise, determined not to let (arvind) kejriwals campaign against corruption demoralise him, a source said.
it is learnt that the bjp  which normally takes media reports and analyses as a reliable bellwether of its health or lack of it  has this time decided to shut off expert opinions and surveys.
sources said it had convinced itself that the countrys overall political atmosphere was in its favour, though the tipping point for a national switchover from the congress to the bjp was yet to come.
advaniji was right when he said we cant depend on negative voting to pluck the low hanging fruit of power.
we have to project ourselves as a credible option.
instead of our past tactics of loudly declaring statements of intent, this time we will first work quietly on the ground, mobilise cadres, raise cadres where none exist and reach out to people directly.
the public campaign can begin only when we have built a critical mass of support, a source said.
the bjps main cause of worry is uttar pradesh.
the sources admitted that while the congress had a basket of states to recompense the losses it might suffer in a high-yielding state like andhra pradesh or rajasthan, the bjps choices were limited.
although it is privy to feedback that it might gain in towns that were subject to communal violence recently (bareilly, mathura and pratapgarh), there was no sign yet that the urban upper castes  its staple in the past  were abandoning the samajwadi party (their favourite in the state elections) in a hurry.
brahmins and thakurs are happy with mulayam singh yadav for opposing reservation for dalits and tribals in promotions in government jobs, an uttar pradesh mla said.
the other chronic problem is who would lead the bjp to the next election.
although the issue has not figured in the stock-taking  and is unlikely to  the campaign, the sources said, may not be personality-centric as it was in 1998 and 1999, when atal bihari vajpayee was spotlighted.
although (narendra) modi ranks on top with our cadres, the question of moving him to the centre arises if we get at least 180 to 185 seats.
anything less than that will put us out of the race because our secular friends will gang up, a source said.
the bjp, the source added, will aim to touch the 180-185 magic figure.
as for expanding the nda, the partys reading was that the bjd, the aiadmk and the trinamul congress were not likely to be part of the prospective third front.
its fulcrum will be mulayam, backed by the left and the tdp.
it could attract the dmk and if it has the numbers, the congress will support it from outside, a source explained.
so although the source claimed the bjp could pull in the bjd and the aiadmk, depending on its numbers, nobody has yet foreseen the scope of a pre-poll alliance with either.
jayanta roy chowdhuryfolded-hands budgetprime minister narendra modi at a bjp parliamentary party meeting in new delhi on thursday.
picture by prem singhnew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on thursday unveiled a budget big on promise but short on funds as the narendra modi government attempted to woo farmers, small businesses and the salaried folk with a scatter shot of schemes, incentives and illusory tax breaks while hunkering down for battle at a general election.
farmers were promised a widened crop price support programme and the poor were offered a health insurance cover of rs 5 lakh per family, billed as the world's largest government-funded healthcare programme, but with no clear indication of how it intended to pay for the largesse.
salaried individuals were offered a standard deduction of rs 40,000 but the net gain translates into a paltry rs 5,800 per assessee.
small businesses with an annual turnover of rs 250 crore will have to pay a corporate tax of 25 per cent - falling way short of the promise to pare the tax across the board to all businesses irrespective of size.
the government appeared to be focusing on groups left disgruntled by demonetisation and the alleged hasty introduction of the goods and services tax (gst).
the gujarat assembly election result, which suggested rural anger, seemed to have weighed heavily on the last full budget before the next lok sabha polls.
this budget is farmer friendly, common citizen friendly, business environment friendly and development friendly.
it will add to the ease of living, prime minister narendra modi told doordarshan.
a sum of rs 14.
34 lakh crore has been allocated for agriculture, rural infrastructure and housing.
spending in fiscal 2018-19 is projected to increase by 13.
7 per cent from the current year ending in march, with about three-fifths allocated to better infrastructure in the rural heartland.
the government, which said that it will create 70 lakh formal jobs this year, offered to pay the firms' share of 12 per cent of the wages of new employees to the employees' provident fund over the next three years to incentivise companies to hire more workers.
the government's record on job creation has been patchy.
the move to buy farmers' produce at 1.
5 times their cost of production is expected to stoke retail inflation.
that will scupper any hope of a rate cut at the rbi's monetary policy review next week.
the gst hasn't yielded targeted revenues with revenue secretary hasmukh adhia conceding that the shortfall in gst collections this year would be rs 50,000 crore.
gst revenue next year is slated to rise to rs 743,900 crore, which works out to a below-par monthly average of less than rs 62,000 crore.
the poor revenue collection was one of the main reasons the modi government slipped on this year's fiscal deficit target of 3.
2 per cent of the gdp and touched 3.
5 per cent.
next year, it has budgeted for 3.
3 per cent, instead of the pre-determined 3 per cent.
investors were spooked by the return of the long-term capital gains tax.
stocks and bonds sold after a one-year holding period will now be subject to a levy of 10 per cent on gains against nil at present.
the move to introduce a google tax - attempting to tax entities that have no permanent establishment in the country - is also an effort fraught with complications and consequences.
calcutta, feb.
5: the budget has not offered any specific incentive to the tea industry, but certain provisions for the rural and agricultural sectors may prove to be helpful.
finance minister arun jaitley's allocation of a substantial amount under the welfare scheme for the scheduled castes (scs) and scheduled tribes (sts) will help garden workers as almost the entire section falls under this category, said a planter.
the allocation for the welfare of scs has been stepped up to rs 52,393 crore in 2017-18 from rs 38,833 crore in 2016-17, an increase of about 35 per cent.
it is also expected that the rs 1,87,223 crore set aside for the rural, agriculture and allied sectors will be extended to the sector as well.
the centre has made a generous allotment for the rural sector, be it in sanitation, housing, electrification, drinking water and health.
the tea industry expects these benefits to trickle down to the gardens' population, situated primarily in the rural areas, said p.k. bhattacharjee, secretary-general of the tea association of india.
garden owners also feel high-speed broadband connectivity, available in over 1,50,000 gram panchayats, with wi-fi hotspots and access to digital services under the bharatnet project, will ramp up the process of digital wage payments.
aid for small growers the proposal to reduce income tax for companies with a turnover up to rs 50 crore may be a major push for two lakh small growers across the country.
the reduction of the tax rate to 25 per cent for micro, small and medium companies with a turnover of up to rs 50 crore is expected to benefit a cross-section of the tea industry, said sumouleendra ghosh, director (government and healthcare) at kpmg india.
the proposal to equip 648 krishi vigyan kendras with mini soil testing facilities will enable small growers to get their samples tested quickly and use fertilisers judiciously and in a cost-effective manner.
the step will also enable the issuance of soil health cards programme, which has gained a momentum in recent times, said soumyak biswas, strategy consultant (consumer markets- food and agriculture) in a leading consulting firm.
finance minister arunjaitley first union budget has one provision the trinamul congress would have no complaints about: an aiims-like institution for bengal at a location already chosen by the state government.
it is a matter of great satisfaction that all the six new aiims at jodhpur, bhopal, patna, rishikesh, bhubaneswar and raipur, which are part of pradhan mantri swasthya suraksha yojana, have become functional.
a plan to set up four more aiims-like institutions at andhra pradesh, west bengal, vidarbha in maharashtra and purvanchal in up is under consideration.
a senior official of the union health ministry said from delhi that kalyani, around 30km from calcutta airport, had been finalised as the site of the proposed aiims.
the project is on.
a technical team will soon visit the state for a feasibility survey.
the inspection team will comprise engineers, architects and other experts to look into essential requirements like easy connectivity, power and water supply, drainage and proper roads.
according to the health ministry official, the administrative decision taken by the state to set up the institute in kalyani was final.
more than anything else, connectivity was the clinching factor for kalyani.
aiims needs top professionals on permanent posting.
aiims professors and doctors are usually not transferred because the idea is to develop each one into a centre of excellence.
it would be difficult to get such professionals if the location isnt in proximity to a city, if not within it, the official said.
the mamata banerjee government picked kalyani over contender raiganj because of its proximity to calcutta and the research environment created by the presence of the national institute of biomedical genomics there.
the indian institute of science education and research is also close by.
it takes less than two hours to reach kalyani by road from calcutta.
raiganj is more than 400km away from the city.
sources in the state government said the chief ministers office had been asked by the union health ministry to confirm its choice of kalyani and it did so.
we informed the union ministry recently that we are ready with land in kalyani.
the project has been finalised, an official said.
a team of state government officials had visited the 150-acre site adjacent to kalyani railway station and jnm medical college and hospital for a survey before giving the green signal.
the land and land revenue department owns the site.
bjp leader arunjaitley helicopter arrives in sivasagar on sunday.
picture by ub photos guwahati, march 28: the bjps leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, arunjaitley , today said the congress in assam would face double anti-incumbency factor because of massive corruption by the ruling party both at the centre and the state.
there is always an anti-incumbency factor against the ruling party, but during the assembly elections this time, a double anti-incumbency factor will act against the congress as massive corruption had taken place under the partys rule, both in new delhi and here.
the bjp leader reached here after campaigning for the party in upper assam constituencies.
mentioning that the issue of corruption would take centrestage during the assembly elections, he said the ruling congress had no answer to the double anti-incumbency factor and claimed that its number of seats would come down compared to that in the previous election.
the congress party had not even got a majority in the last assembly election and formed a coalition government and the ruling party would win less seats this time.
we are confident that the bjp would win more seats this time as a wave for change of guard is sweeping assam, he said.
jaitley said that feeling the heat of double anti-incumbency, the congress was looking at two ways out  to spend huge money and bank on the vote of illegal infiltrators, which according to him, has been the vote bank of the ruling party in assam.
the congress is in difficulty as many ngos are already campaigning against the political corruption practised by it, he said.
the development agenda of the northeast and assam has been neglected by the congress party at the centre and this is a priority issue for the bjp.
during the nda rule, development of the backward areas, including the region, was given priority and at present, our four mps from assam are taking up the issues strongly.
jaitley denied that he had made comments about using hindutva as an opportunistic issue to a us diplomat.
the government also clarified that it did not want to dip into the rbis reserves to meet the governments widening fiscal deficit for 2018-19.
he said the number of income-tax return filers have gone up from 3.
8 crore during the upa regime to 6.
86 crore currently.
when the nda government completes its five year term in 2019, the number would double from 3.
83 crore, he added.
.
.
the money (excess reserves) can be used for recapitalisation of banks or for poverty alleviation measures.
this governments fiscal deficit track record has been better than any other government in history.
we do not need the rbis reserves for fiscal deficit, the minister said.
the minister pointed out that the central banks of most of the countries kept a reserve of 8 per cent, while some conservative central banks maintain 14 per cent.
jaitleys comments come in the midst of a public spat between the rbi and the government, where the government has urged the central bank to recaliberate its capital requirements  a bureaucratic way of saying that it should draw down its reserves and give a bonus dividend to the government.
the rbis reserves have gone up to rs 9.
59 lakh crore on account of revaluation of its forex and bullion reserves because of a fall in the value of the rupee over the last few years.
however, experts and the rbi have pointed out that this is largely because of the value of bullion going up and the rupee going down and may reverse if global money and bullion markets changed directions.
the rbi has also been arguing that it in any case requires to keep more money in its kitty compared with central banks of developed countries to handle any wall street-like crisis in indian banking given its high level of bad loans, which have engulfed not only psu banks but also large board-run non-banking financial institutions such as il&fs.
some 11 of 21 indian state-run banks have been identified as weak banks whose bad loans percentage or capital adequacy were poor and on whom the rbi has imposed strict monitoring and curbs, including lending restrictions.
however, arunjaitley on monday argued in parliament that the government's initiatives to tackle the bad loans crisis, including implementing the insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc), were bearing fruits and money stuck as non-performing assets was coming back into the banking system.
the lok sabha on monday passed jaitleys supplementary demands for grants which sought an additional rs 85,948.
86 crore that includes rs 41,000 crore for the recapitalisation of state-run banks.
fm on debt recoverynew delhi, aug.
23: finance minister arunjaitley today took stock of steps being taken for implementation of the insolvency and bankruptcy code that seeks to make the debt recovery process quicker.
it seeks to consolidate and amend laws relating to reorganisation and insolvency resolution of corporate persons, partnership firms and individuals in a time-bound manner.
postal bankcalcutta, aug.
23: india post payments bank has received a certificate of incorporation from the government.
the bank's board is likely to be constituted soon.
the bank, to be set up at an investment of rs 800 crore, is expected to complete the rollout of its branches by september next year.
fdi proposalsnew delhi, aug.
23: the foreign investment promotion board has cleared seven fdi proposals worth rs 290 crore, while it deferred decision on other seven, including that of a wholly-owned subsidiary of idea.
ovl extensionnew delhi, aug.
23: ongc videsh (ovl) has received one-year extension to explore a vietnamese oil block in the contested waters of the south china sea.
this is the fourth extension for ovl to explore block-128.
srei movenew delhi, aug.
23: calcutta-based srei infrastructure finance today said it will raise rs 1,000 crore through a public offer of non-convertible debentures.
new delhi, oct.
6: finance minister arunjaitley will lobby to get india a larger voting share in the world bank over the next two days, with new delhi willing to pay its way to raise its shareholding in the global financial institution.
jaitley, who is in washington, will press for a higher share with major shareholders such as the us, japan, germany, france and china.
the finance minister met world bank president jim yong kim and indicated india's strong support for capital increase and its readiness to take a larger share that the dynamic formula would require.
india is the seventh-largest shareholder in world bank with a 2.
91 per cent shareholding right.
india, which has a huge forex reserve of over $370 billion, can easily pay its way to a higher shareholding.
however, there may be quite a few political hurdles in getting a bigger voting clout.
western countries have only been paying lip service to raising the voting rights of emerging powers.
the us, with more than 17 per cent shareholding, has been most reluctant to let other countries have a greater say in the bank.
china, which has leapfrogged its stake to 4.
4 per cent, is also a force to reckon with in the institution.
the top five shareholders have permanent seats on the bank board, with their representatives holding the post of permanent directors.
however, the rest only form blocks of countries and vote to elect directors.
with china now having a permanent director on the board, india could face a situation similar to 2009 when an adb flood management project for arunachal pradesh was vetoed by beijing.
officially, brics members (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) are in favour of increasing the voting rights of emerging powers.
but the fight for the percentage of votes each developing nation will be allocated at the end of the review will be intense and a challenge to the diplomatic skills of the indian delegation.
several reform promises were made during the global financial crisis, when the g20 had worked towards funding the capital needs of the european members of the international monetary fund, but these have remained on paper.
new delhi, july 23: world bank president jim yong kim and prime minister narendra modi today discussed lending plans, which could see the global banker providing $15-18 billion in soft loans to india over the next three years.
india has made it clear that it wants the voting reforms to be implemented, which will give india and china a greater say in the affairs of the international financial body.
modi described the meeting as very fruitful.
we discussed several ways of working together in the times to come, he added.
on micro-blogging site twitter, the prime minister said, we talked about the importance of scale.
.
.
that inspires people and positively transforms their lives.
speeding up world bank projects will surely increase the impact.
interacting with reporters after meeting modi, kim said, from my discussions with prime minister modi and (finance) minister arunjaitley , it is clear that they are committed to increasing indias economic growth.
i assured them the world bank group will be ready to provide financial support worth $15-$18 billion over the next three years, he added.
kim said the voting reforms would again come up for discussion next year.
india has been pressing for voting reforms to reflect the changing global financial scenario.
jaitley had yesterday told kim that the world bank needed to reflect the emerging world order in its governance.
the voting quotas of the imf and the world bank are considered unfair because the west is considered to be over-represented, while heavyweights from the developing world such as india, china and brazil are under-represented.
india, the worlds third largest economy by purchasing power parity, has less voting rights than the two tiny european states, the netherlands and belgium, put together.
just to put this into perspective, the two nations have a combined population of 28 million, a little less than the population of delhi and calcutta put together.
several quota reform promises had been made during the global financial crisis, when the g20 had worked to fund the capital requirements of the european members of the imf, but those have remained on paper.
india, china, russia, brazil and south africa have recently announced a brics bank, called the new development bank (ndb), with an initial paid-up capital of $50 billion.
in some ways, the bank seeks to rival the world bank and the asian development bank, both controlled by the western countries and japan.
world bank officials said discussions with modi and other officials focused on the governments plans to revive growth by investing in infrastructure to create jobs; providing quality education and skills training to 8 million young people entering the labour force each year; and better equipping 10 million people leaving rural areas for towns and cities each year for jobs.
patna, march 31: brace for a star shower as parties ready to put their best face forward nine days before the first phase of polling for lok sabha elections kicks off.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi is scheduled to address an election meeting in aurangabad tomorrow, while party president sonia gandhi will hold an election rally in sasaram on april 3.
both sonia and rahul are likely to hold one more rally each in the state over the next couple of weeks.
even the bjp is planning a similar high-voltage show.
its star campaigner, prime ministerial candidate narendra modi, will address two election rallies at nawada and buxar on wednesday.
even regional parties like the jd(u) and rjd have intensified their campaign with chief minister nitish kumar and rjd president lalu prasad making whistle-stop tours of the state.
according to election commission norms, the names of star campaigners have to be submitted to the poll panel within seven days of notification of the elections.
a recognised party can invite as many as 40 star campaigners while a registered but unrecognised one can invite 20.
the congress and the bjp have made full use of the star campaigner provision.
the parties have submitted a list of 40 names to the poll panel.
regional parties are not far behind in spicing up their campaign by adding star power.
be it the jd(u), the rjd, bsp, ljp or the cpi(ml) they have submitted names of 40 star campaigners each.
according to the list of star campaigners submitted to the chief electoral officer, bihar, the congress has roped in leaders like prime minister manmohan singh, union home minister sushilkumar shinde and union law minister kapil sibal among others.
rahulji and soniaji have confirmed their attendance at rallies on tuesday and thursday.
the dates when the prime minister and other senior leaders would address rallies in bihar is yet to be communicated to the state unit, said prem chandra mishra.
leading the pack of bjp star campaigners is its prime ministerial candidate modi, party president rajnath singh, party patriarch l.k. advani, sushma swaraj, arunjaitley and murli manohar joshi among others.
state bjp spokesperson and newly elected mlc sanjay prakash mayukh said: rajnathji would address an election meeting at aurangabad, taradih, ara and jamui on april 3.
though we have apprised election commission about campaign programmes by leaders like advaniji, sushmaji and jaitleyji, the dates have not been decided yet.
bsp president mayawati and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee might also turn up to seek votes for candidates of their respective parties in bihar.
the aam aadmi party has submitted names of its leading faces like former delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, prashant bhushan and shazia ilmi for electioneering in the state.
however, the partys bihar founder member ratnesh choudhary seemed doubtful of their arrival to campaign in the state.
kejriwal, ilmi and kumar viswas would be busy in their respective constituencies of varanasi, amethi and ghaziabad.
thus, there is not much probability they would come to bihar for electioneering, said choudhary.
no actors, cricketers none of the parties is inviting actors, cricketers or other celebrities, unless in the party, for electioneering duty in bihar, as apparent from the list they have submitted to the poll panel in bihar.
several actors-turned-politicians will be in bihar over the next couple of weeks.
the congress has submitted names two star campaigners  its ghaziabad candidate raj babbar and the meerut candidate, actress nagma  to the poll panel.
the bjp has submitted names of cricketer-turned-politician navjot singh sidhu and actress smriti irani.
our special correspondentmodi in karnataka.
(pti)new delhi: the congress has accused prime minister narendra modi of lying on the election campaign in karnataka, tweeting on saturday: we regret asking you to #speakup, pm modi.
because every time you do, you utter #ekaurjhoot.
asked if repeatedly accusing the prime minister of lying was good politics and not a low-level campaign, party leader anand sharma said: what do we do if the prime minister lies?
should we call him satyavaadi harishchandra?
he has been distorting facts and presenting issues out of context, giving wrong data, misrepresenting historical truths.
the kind of things he has been saying in election campaigns has embarrassed india globally.
referring to modi's comments at a campaign rally in bangalore earlier this week, sharma said: was it not a lie that the congress government insulted general k.s. thimayya and field marshal k.m. cariappa?
cariappa was made chief of army staff in 1949, appointed high commissioner to australia and new zealand in 1953 and given field marshal rank in 1986 by the rajiv (gandhi) government.
thimayya was sent to korea as head of the un peacekeeping force, awarded padma bhushan in 1954 and appointed chief of army staff in 1957.
bjp spokesperson g.v.l. narasimha rao told the telegraph the congress's allegation of lies showed the frustration of the gandhi family.
modi has single-handedly brought down their political empire, reducing them to barely 40 seats in the lok sabha.
it (the congress) is being rejected by states, one after another.
this decimation of the congress has been done by one man - narendra modi.
that's why there is personal grudge against him, rao said.
asked about the wrong facts that modi had cited in election rallies, the bjp spokesperson said: the congress is nit-picking and cribbing because of the fear of being knocked out of karnataka, the only big state they are in power.
they are using data selectively.
the congress had shut down parliament over the blatant lie the prime minister spoke during the gujarat elections, allowing normal functioning only after an apology by the government.
modi had insinuated then that former prime minister manmohan singh had conspired with pakistani public figures at a secret meeting at mani shankar aiyer's residence to uproot the bjp from gujarat.
the meeting, in reality, was not secret and many dignitaries, including a former vice-president and army chief, were present.
the participants had denied any discussion on the gujarat elections.
after a ruckus in parliament, the leader of the rajya sabha, arunjaitley , had expressed regret but the prime minister didn't utter a word.
during the uttar pradesh assembly election campaign, modi had referred to a pakistani hand in train derailments but the union home ministry had formally denied any knowledge of such involvement in parliament.
the congress had moved privilege motions against the prime minister in parliament, accusing him of telling lies about an italian court indicting sonia in the agustawestland helicopter kickbacks scandal.
modi had made that comment at an election rally in kerala.
mridula sinha new delhi, march 17: the congress today demanded the dismissal of goa governor mridula sinha, accusing her of the constitutional impropriety of consulting union finance minister arunjaitley before inviting the bjp to form the government in the state.
it also urged prime minister narendra modi to punish arunjaitley for allegedly advising the governor.
despite the congress being the largest party in goa's hung assembly, sinha had asked the bjp to form the government after it handed her signatures of support from smaller parties and independents.
congress members created an uproar in the rajya sabha on the issue today, disrupting business and forcing an adjournment during zero hour.
sinha had in an interview to mumbai mirror revealed she had called jaitley.
i didn't speak with the centre, no one approached me, no one called me.
then (defence minister manohar) parrikar (who is now goa chief minister) informed me around 6.
30pm on sunday that he would show up with his supporters, the newspaper quoted her as saying.
i am a psychologist, so i studied and analysed them.
i saw their signatures on the letters.
i deliberated on the matter.
the congress had not shown up.
sinha then added, according to mirror: then i felt i should speak with arunjaitley , and i called him around 9.
30 in the evening, discussing the situation.
i informed him i had verified the numbers and was satisfied and that congress leaders hadn't arrived yet.
he said that if any party comes with the numbers, it has to be considered.
so that settled it.
a congress statement said: we urge the honourable president of india to exercise his powers under art 156(1) and immediately dismiss the governor of goa for abdicating her constitutional responsibilities and oath of secrecy.
it alleged the governor had acted in cahoots with the central leadership in delhi and her actions were politically motivated under the clear instructions of jaitley.
in the rajya sabha, congress member digvijaya singh described sinha's action as a gross constitutional impropriety.
deputy chair p.j. kurien, however, asked him to move a substantive motion if the conduct of a governor was to be discussed.
leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad later said that digvijaya had also raised questions over the conduct of arunjaitley , the house leader.
the governor said she had consulted the finance minister.
how can a governor take the plea of seeking the permission of a cabinet minister?
he asked.
junior parliamentary affairs minister m.a. naqvi said the congress was insulting the people's mandate by raising the matter.
we are prepared for a discussion.
you bring in a substantive motion, naqvi said.
in its statement, the congress charged the bjp with manufacturing the goa majority.
it said that convention required the governor to send a report to the president and seek his guidance.
since the union finance minister, shri arunjaitley , could not have advised the governor with respect to government formation, why should the prime minister not take action against the finance minister?
or are we to assume that he was authorised by the dirty tricks department of the bjp?
the statement said.
pheroze l. vincentnew delhi: the tourism ministry has got a 16.
8 per cent hike but nearly the entire rs 2,150 crore it has been allocated in the budget has been set aside for funding ongoing works.
the total amount - up from the rs 1840.
77 crore last year - includes rs 1 lakh, the lowest ever for capital expenditure, for the ministry's upcoming office, pandit deendayal upadhyaya paryatan bhavan.
the swadesh darshan scheme to develop 15 theme-based tourist circuits has got the lion's share - rs 1,100 crore - of the allocation for 2018-19, just like last year when it was allotted rs 950 crore.
the ministry has been allotted rs 454.
24 crore for overseas promotions, getting the second largest share.
foreign tourist arrivals crossed the million mark in december and the sector contributes 6.
88 per cent of india's gdp.
it also accounted for 12.
36 per cent of the total employment figure for 2017.
it is the country's third-largest foreign exchange earner and earned $27 billion last year.
in addition, tourist amenities at 100 adarsh monuments of the archaeological survey of india will be upgraded to enhance visitor experience.
the government has left the 28 per cent tariff on hotels unchanged - a move that could affect india's competitiveness with southeast asian travel destinations.
pronab sarkar, president, indian association of tour operators, said the budget brought no achchhe din to tourism.
besides creating infrastructure, there is nothing for the industry.
although we attract foreign exchange, we don't get the status of exporters.
with 28 per cent gst on (most leading) hotels, and 5 per cent on tour operators, the effective taxes on us are 33 per cent.
compare that with singapore or malaysia where you pay six to eight per cent.
sarkar added: an investor ideally wants to get returns in 15 to 20 years.
with taxes at this level it will take 25 to 30 years.
who then will put money in tourism, and without investment how will jobs be created?
madhavan menon, ceo of the thomas cook group, said some of the initiatives the government has taken would help boost tourism.
however, the one thing the budget did not touch upon was the hospitality sector.
we were hoping for a rationalisation on taxes for hotels in the country.
the government also announced that it would promote ropeways and seaplanes for tourism.
new delhi, april 28: the narendra modi-government today signalled that it would not back down on the 1 per cent excise duty that was slapped on gold jewellers in the recent budget.
jaitley argued that there was no case against the imposition of the levy when makers of common consumption items such as pencils, pens, ink and soap were paying excise duties.
even the makers of imitation jewellery pay 6 per cent excise duty.
jaitley said the imposition of the 1 per cent excise on gold jewellery was the first step towards a comprehensive and universal tax system when and if parliament approves the bill on a goods and services tax (gst).
for the first time, the finance minister attempted to link the 1 per cent excise on gold jewellery to the larger issue of gst.
he said the modi government was ready to accept the congress party's demand for an 18 per cent cap on gst.
but he said if the government backed down on the gold excise duty now, it would not be possible to commit to an 18 per cent cap on gst.
in such situation, the government would have to raise the tax on basic and essential items to compensate itself for the loss of revenue from the duty on gold jewellery.
gst will subsume central and state levies.
under the plan, only petroleum goods will be kept out of its ambit if gold was brought into its fold.
the finance minister said almost all states were levying value-added tax (vat) on gold jewellery, with the rate in kerala being the highest at 5 per cent.
the gold jewellers' association - which has been spearheading the agitation against the excise duty - did not appear to be launching a similar agitation against the high vat in several states, arunjaitley wondered.
please understand when aam admi consumer items are taxed, should a luxury item like gold be kept out?
when we move towards gst, we will have to tax both items, he said.
all i can promise is that there will be no harassment of the gold jewellers.
he said the modi government had decided to set up a committee under ashok lahiri which would suggest suitable safeguards against harassment by authorities.
we have told lahiri that he should have three members to represent the interests of the gold jewellers on the committee, he added.
as a first step, he said the government would accept a self-certification process for the payment of excise.
gold jewellers would be permitted to calculate their excise payout on the basis of their vat declarations to states.
only 206 big gold jewellers have registered till now to pay the tax.
it will not apply to small jewellers, he added.
one lawmaker, who claimed intimate knowledge of the workings of the gold jewellery industry, said the finance minister had failed to clarify on two important points.
first, gold jewellers cannot levy excise duty on their customers until they register with the authorities.
if they haven't collected the tax from march 1, how would they pay the tax on gold jewellery sales till june 30 - the deadline for registration.
he suggested that the excise duty should be collected from gold jewellers only from the date that they register.
second, he added, gold jewellery comprises primary gold and precious stones.
the levy will not apply to primary gold.
how would the jeweller dice up the valuation of the jewellery he sells and then calculate his excise burden on the basis of his vat declarations.
jaitley ducked the questions.
our special correspondentnew delhi: the head of the catholic church said on wednesday that union ministers who are alumni of missionary-run educational institutions should speak up for their alma mater and counter the canards about conversion.
the anguished appeal by cardinal baselios cleemis, the president of the catholic bishops conference of india, came against the backdrop of attacks on and threats to christian institutions in the run-up to christmas in madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh.
is it not high time they come out and speak up for the catholic schools they were educated in?
should they not be standing testimony to the fact that no one tried to convert them in the missionary schools run by christians?
cleemis asked in response to a question.
at least four members of the cabinet studied in catholic institutions: finance minister arunjaitley is from st. xavier's school, delhi; health minister j.p. nadda is from st. xavier's school, patna; railway minister piyush goyal is from don bosco school, mumbai; and information and broadcasting minister smriti irani is from holy child auxilium school, delhi.
new delhi, jan.
24: the words of a wary manmohan singh gave the bjp the publicity boost it needed for its tricolour yatra, sources in the party said today.
when the bjps youth wing embarked on its rashtriya ekta yatra from calcutta to srinagar on january 12, leader of opposition in the lok sabha sushma swaraj and her rajya sabha counterpart, arunjaitley , said they had no intention of joining the march.
they would just encourage the boys and girls of the yuva morcha who had lain dormant after the partys back-to-back lok sabha routs.
thats the way the script would have run along with the marchers had the centre and omar abdullah not become edgy, a bjp source said.
once the jammu and kashmir chief minister started making threatening noises after talks with union home minister p. chidambaram and congress chief sonia gandhi, the bjp sniffed a potential confrontation.
then on january 22, prime minister singh called for caution on republic day.
singh did not name the opposition party, but it drew the nations attention to the yatra, a bjp general secretary said.
the bjp exploited singhs statement to convert the yatra into a battle between patriotism and separatism, alleging that the centre and the omar government were being soft on valley rebel groups and repressive towards patriots.
the bjp brass decided that the exercise must get a larger political profile than what was initially planned  a show of youth power and a leg-up for himachal pradesh mp anurag thakur, who is a arunjaitley protg.
today, when she was being held back at the vip lounge of jammu airport, sushma began tweeting furiously.
just see, we are being deported because we want to fly the national flag, said her post at 5.
30pm.
they (the state government) are not allowing the plane to fly back.
they are asking us to go back to the plane.
we have refused, another tweet said.
they say, we will see who unfurls the flag and which flag will fly.
we say what do you think, have our mothers given birth to cowards?
bharat mata ki jai, vande mataram.
.
.
.
she also gave the government a lecture on the law of the land.
arun and i are both lawyers.
i practised before supreme court from 1973 onwards.
you dont arrest us, you dont allow us to leave the airport.
this is not the law that i read, she wrote.
with sushma, arunjaitley and ananth kumar were kept confined to the vip lounge under section 144 of the crpc.
sources claimed that enthused by reports that bjp workers were surcharged after the prime ministers statement and were clambering onto the first train and bus to jammu and kashmir from as far as karnataka, kerala and maharashtra, the leaders decided they should lend their names to the yatra.
initially, arunjaitley was the only big leader expected to take the chartered flight from delhi to jammu.
sushma and kumar were included later.
a worried chidambaram today requested arunjaitley to return to delhi.
the home minister said he had told arunjaitley that he had already made a point and so it is better to return tomorrow.
chidambaram also advised omar to send senior officials to speak to the bjp leaders.
apparently omars idea was to allow the leaders to address the press in jammu as a sweetener.
that offer was scoffed at by sources here who said: the last thing we want is a lollipop.
bjp leader l.k. advani has spoken to prime minister singh and protested the arbitrary and undemocratic detention of the leaders.
new delhi, may 13: india today announced a new intellectual property protection regime that will speed up the registration of patents and trademarks but resisted pressure from the us and other western countries to amend its laws to allow ever-greening of patents.
officials said the final note for the new ipr policy, which was initially drafted by a committee headed by justice prabha sridevan a year-and-a half back, was cleared by the cabinet yesterday.
it makes the department of industrial promotion and policy the agency in charge of regulating intellectual property rights in the country.
according to arunjaitley , there are seven objectives that guided the policy mechanism, which include ipr public awareness, stimulation of generation of iprs, need for strong and effective laws and strengthening enforcement and adjudicatory mechanisms to combat infringements.
the policy also puts a premium on enhancing access to healthcare, food security and environmental protection.
it is expected to lay the future road map for intellectual property in india, besides putting in place an institutional mechanism for implementation, monitoring and review.
however, the new regime will not substantially change section 39 (d) of the existing patent act that does not allow ever-greening of patents, especially pharma patents by mere cosmetic tweaking of the basic formulation.
officials said substantial changes have to be brought about in the drug molecule to be accepted as a new drug by the amended law.
in december last year, the indian patent office denied us drug major pfizer a patent on its rheumatoid arthritis drug tofacitinib, claiming it did not enhance the efficacy of the existing approved drug.
similar rejections of patents by us and european majors had in the past led to trade spats between india and the west.
mncs such as pfizer, bayer and roche have blamed indian patent laws which they say are designed to help indian generic drug makers, while india says its patent laws are fair and meant to ensure affordable medicines to the poor.
the new ipr policy will also strengthen the laws and powers of the regulator by tweaking existing patent laws, and importantly, bring new sections to give protection to utility models and trade secrets, which are yet to receive statutory protection.
chief minister nitish kumar pays homage to his mother late parmeshwari devi and (below) leaders, including jd (u) president sharad yadav, bjp leader arunjaitley , former minister ramashray prasad singh and jd (u) mp lallan singh, at the prayer meet on friday.
pictures by deepak kumar patna, jan.
14: words are the most powerful way to express feelings.
and it was visible at the all-religion prayer meeting held at the residence of chief minister nitish kumar to pay homage to his late mother parmeshwari devi.
such was the power of words that nitish could not hold back his emotions as a maulana spoke on the importance and role of mothers in ones life at the prayer meeting.
the affair was simple, as could be gauged from the arrangements at the meeting.
the temporary enclosures made for the meet were covered in white, symbolising the mourning atmosphere.
the chief minister first paid floral tributes to his mother so that others at the meet could pay their homage.
the portrait of parmeshwari devi was put on the open courtyard on the premises.
the all-religion prayer meet went on for an hour and everyone was in attendance.
from the powerful people to common man, the chief ministers residence was open to everyone today.
there were also arrangements to distribute prasad among all.
but security guards had to be deployed to control the crowd, mostly the party workers, who started jostling with each other to get prasad.
politicians attended the meet irrespective of their allegiance.
leaders of jd (u), bjp and rjd were present.
politicians who attended the meet included senior bjp leader and leader of opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley , jd (u) president sharad yadav, former haryana chief minister o.p. chautala, rajiv pratap rudy, shahnawaz hussain, ravi shanker prasad and other ministers, legislators and presiding officers of both houses of the state legislature.
filmmaker prakash jha was also present.
the most noticeable was estranged jd (u) lok sabha mp rajiv ranjan singh.
lallan, who vociferously criticised nitish kumar in the recent past, made a surprise visit to the chief ministers residence.
his presence may hint towards the possible change in political atmosphere with the changing weather conditions.
rjd leader lalu prasad was, however, conspicuous by his absence but ram kripal yadav, opposition leader abdul bari siddiqui and ram chandra purbey were present in the absence of the party boss.
asked why lalu could not come to the prayer meeting, yadav said: he could not attend the meet as he is out of the station.
common people, mostly jd (u) party workers from across the state, came to show their solidarity to their chief minister at his time of grief.
we have come here to pay homage to the mother of our popular leader who has done a lot for the people, said lal babu gope, a party worker who had come from muzaffarpur.
new delhi, nov.
22: the affable nitin gadkari has been around as bjp president for almost two years but finance minister pranab mukherjee seems to have discovered him only yesterday.
gadkari the potential facilitator, that is.
a note of bonhomie was struck over a lunch that pranab hosted for the bjp chief.
the leader of the lok sabha did not invite the opposition partys leaders in parliament: l.k. advani, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley.
sources close to pranab and gadkari said the duo discussed a range of issues, including the introduction of the goods and services tax (gst) and direct tax code (dtc) regimes.
while nothing tangible transpired, the sources described the talks at pranabs home as an ice-breaker.
they said the meeting was the outcome of several factors.
our reading is that the bjp president is in favour of gst and dtc but sections in his party, including some chief ministers, are not.
we hope he will bring them round, a congress minister said.
the government hopes to use the fledgling gadkari-pranab amity to get the bjp to help pass the lokpal, gst and dtc bills.
the congress believes that gadkari has lately become interventionist after initially giving the impression that he would only mind the party organisation and let sushma and arunjaitley run parliamentary affairs.
since the monsoon session, he has been attending the bi-weekly parliamentary party meetings (held when the house sits) and subtly nudging the leaders to go for more confrontation on corruption issues.
besides, gadkari happens to be the bjps main conduit with the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh, which holds the veto on crucial matters relating to the party organisation and the parliamentary wing.
it is understood that at the recent india economic summit in mumbai, industry leaders including reliance industries chairman mukesh ambani had prodded the upa to fast-track policy reforms in critical areas by evolving a political consensus.
ambani was quoted in the media saying: just because we live in a democracy doesnt mean that we should feel paralysed.
.
.
.
both the central and state governments need to align and move faster.
sources said the bjp chief had a grouse against the upa managers.
he felt that they, instead of substantively engaging his party on policy issues, confined themselves to interacting with the house opposition leaders on floor management when parliament was in session.
all the while, they allowed leaders like digvijaya singh to freely target the sangh.
our special correspondentnew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday rejected manmohan singh's demand for an apology from prime minister narendra modi and sought details of what happened at the secret meeting, which he termed a misadventure.
modi had on sunday insinuated that his predecessor as prime minister had secretly met a pakistani delegation that was looking to influence the gujarat polls.
former prime minister manmohan singh has issued a statement asking prime minister modi to apologise for what he had said at an election rally (about) a meeting.
.
.
.
the congress must come out with details of what transpired at the meeting and what was the necessity to have such a meeting in the present circumstances.
it is beyond comprehension.
it is admittedly a misadventure.
law minister ravi shankar prasad attacked pakistan for meddling in india's internal affairs and said the statement by the pakistani foreign office, which said modi's insinuations were baseless and irresponsible, was unwarranted.
we completely abhor any outside interference in india's internal affairs.
.
.
.
we condemn this unwarranted statement, prasad said.
april 19: official reaction: we will wait for the order.
unofficial reaction 1: where will we park our cars if they don't have a beacon?
unofficial reaction 2: thank god, they are gone; they were a nuisance.
the first came from a bengal bureaucrat, the second from a bureaucrat worried about his privileges and the third from a police officer forced to salute vips in beacon-fitted cars and look the other way when they flout traffic rules.
these contrasting moods of anxiety and relief reflect what news of the union cabinet's decision to remove beacon lights from all vehicles, including that of the prime minister, from may 1 means for different sets of government servants.
civil services officers across departments would not comment officially on the landmark decision, restricting themselves to saying they would wait for the order to reach us.
chief minister mamata banerjee possibly would not bother.
she does not use a beacon on her car anyway.
but her ministry colleagues do, and the babus seem to love flaunting them.
in private conversations - in the middle of preparations to join the chief minister on her north bengal trip starting april 23 - many officials wondered if this move was for real.
some said they would not mind being commoners if the ministers of their departments also had their beacons snatched.
but the automatic availability of a parking space wherever they go - car beacons scream vip like nothing else does in this country - is a privilege difficult to give up, most officials admitted.
beacons also help in beating every traffic law in the book.
a beacon really helps when it comes to parking.
hopefully, vip cars would bear the tag 'government of west bengal', said an ias officer who has a blue light without a flasher atop his suv.
the union cabinet today decided to scrap the practice of having beacons atop all vehicles barring those used in emergency services like fire brigade, police patrol and ambulances.
from may 1, no red beacon will be allowed atop any official vehicle.
vehicles used in emergency services would need to use a blue beacon with a flasher.
in calcutta, none of the ministers in the mamata government was willing to speak officially on the union cabinet's decision.
transport minister suvendu adhikari said the bengal government would decide what to do only after receiving a formal order from the union ministry of road transport and highways.
he said chief minister mamata was ahead of prime minister narendra modi in shunning beacons.
our chief minister, mamata banerjee, does not use a beacon.
why this discussion (about banning beacons) now?
senior officers across traffic guards admitted that in most malls parking space earmarked for emergency vehicles like ambulances are often allotted to vip cars with beacons.
on the roads, these cars brook no stopping.
it is a sort of thumb rule.
a vehicle with a beacon, with or without a flasher, means we have to arrange for seamless parking and also create a green channel in the middle of peak-hour traffic, said a senior officer of the shyambazar traffic guard.
fsdc meet todaynew delhi, july 4: finance minister arunjaitley and rbi governor raghuram rajan will discuss fiscal development and economic issues when the financial stability and development council (fsdc) meets tomorrow.
fsdc, which was set up in december 2010 to strengthen and institutionalise the mechanism for maintaining financial stability, enhancing inter-regulatory co-ordination and promoting financial sector development, will hold its fifteenth meeting.
income taxcalcutta, july 4: income tax officials today urged taxpayers to take advantage of the income declaration scheme 2016 and declare undisclosed income and pay taxes.
the four-month long scheme had started on june 1.
we hope people will take advantage of this scheme and pay tax on undisclosed income or face harsh measures, a.a. shankar, principal commissioner of income tax, bengal and sikkim, said.
pnb movenew delhi, july 4: state-owned punjab national bank has waived processing fee and documentation charges for new housing and car loans till september-end.
snapdealnew delhi, july 4: snapdeal today announced its entry into online services segment such as flight and bus ticket bookings, hotel reservations and food ordering, becoming the first e-commerce marketplace to introduce services.
prime minister narendra modi pays tribute at mahatma gandhis memorial, ahead of his swearing-in ceremony as the prime minister for the second consecutive term, at rajghat in new delhi, thursday, may 30, 2019.
(pti)prime minister narendra modi on thursday held a final round of consultations with bharatiya janata party president amit shah and is learnt to have given shape to his council of ministers ahead of the swearing-in ceremony of his new government in the evening.
the list of union ministers is likely to be sent to the rashtrapati bhavan soon, sources said.
capping a landslide election victory, modi will take oath along with a new council of ministers for a second term at 7 pm.
modi and shah have held several rounds of discussions in the last two days ahead of government formation.
sources said the modi government is likely to have representation from most allies and showcase the party's newfound strength in different regions.
bjp allies like shiv sena, jd(u), aiadmk, ljp, akali dal and apna dal are set to be represented in the government.
each nda ally is likely to get one cabinet berth, sources said.
the shiv sena has confirmed its leader arvind sawant, who defeated congress heavyweight milind deora from mumbai, will be its nominee in the council of ministers.
the lok janshakti party has already passed a resolution recommending its president ram vilas paswan as the party's representative in the modi government.
finance minister arun jaitley's decision to opt out on health grounds has fuelled speculation about who will get his coveted portfolio.
railway minister piyush goyal, who filled in for arunjaitley and presented the populist pre-election budget, is being seen as a key contender.
there is also a buzz about shah, who has been elected to the lok sabha from gandhinagar and is a key architect of the bjp's thumping victory of 303 seats in the lok sabha, joining the government.
if shah joins the modi cabinet, he is likely to get one of the four major portfolios; finance, home, defence or external affairs.
the bjp has refrained from making any official comment about the likely members of the government, with its leaders asserting that it is the prime minister's prerogative.
senior party leaders like rajnath singh, nitin gadkari, nirmala sitharaman, narendra singh tomar, prakash javadekar, ravi shankar prasad, dharmendra pradhan and smriti irani are likely to join the second modi government after being its members in its first avatar.
irani defeated congress president rahul gandhi in his family bastion amethi.
the swearing-in ceremony in the forecourt of the rashtrapati bhavan is expected to be grand affair with about 8,000 guests, including leaders from the bimstec countries, opposition leaders rajiv gandhi and sonia gandhi, chief ministers, corporate honchos and film stars, watching as president ram nath kovind administers the oath of office and secrecy to 68-year-old modi and his ministerial colleagues.
new delhi, dec.
28: the trinamul congress today insisted that all references to lokayuktas be dropped from the lokpal and lokayuktas bill, 2011, when it is taken up in the rajya sabha tomorrow.
as things stood late this evening, the centre, it was learnt, was disinclined to give in to its allys demand for amendments to unshackle the state-level, anti-graft ombudsman from central control.
some trinamul mps, however, said finance minister pranab mukherjee, the upas chief trouble-shooter, might speak to their chief mamata banerjee later tonight.
a party mp said the bengal chief minister was against the bill in its present form.
she feels autonomy of states is the guiding principle of our parliamentary democracy.
she also feels parliament is the supreme authority and there cannot be any other ombudsman for tackling corruption.
most parties, including the main opposition bjp, bjd, aiadmk and the left, had raised the same issue of federalism in the lok sabha yesterday, where the bill was passed amid a walkout by the bsp and the samajwadi party.
trinamul rajya sabha members derek brien, mukul roy and sukhendu sekhar roy today gave notices for moving several amendments regarding the lokpals purview vis--vis lokayuktas.
they also proposed deleting the word lokayuktas.
around 6.
15 this evening, trinamuls parliamentary party chief in the rajya sabha mukul roy, lok sabha leader sudip bandyopadhyay and brien met mukherjee for a 50-minute meeting.
he shared a government proposal but we are pretty much going ahead with our pre-meeting plans, brien said.
lokayukta cannot be a part of the lokpal bill.
it has to be treated separately.
states must be allowed to decide, said a party mp.
asked if trinamul was co-ordinating with the bjp, brien said: i simply called on (arun) arunjaitley on his birthday.
government sources admitted that their numerical position in the upper house would become more precarious if the trinamul members  five mps now as one is abroad  turned against the bill.
but more than numbers, we would have to live with the humiliation of an ally turning against us.
we suffered a setback on fdi in retail on account of trinamul.
we are up against a similar situation, a congress minister said.
we hope trinamul is indulging in tough posturing.
in the lok sabha yesterday, trinamul had voted with the government after the centre moved an amendment that said lokayuktas would be appointed only with state consent.
bjd member bhartruhari mahtab, who had sought delinking lokayuktas from the control of the central ombudsman, said the pacifier fell far short of his expectations.
sources, however, said that when the bjd approached trinamul for its support, its leaders were non-committal.
they said we need to ponder over it, a bjd source said.
this morning, the attitude changed.
trinamul lok sabha mps and central ministers saugata roy and sudip discussed the issue of federal autonomy with bjd leaders and said they appreciated its political rationale.
bolstered by trinamuls pro-activism, bjp opposition leaders arunjaitley and sushma swaraj told a joint media conference this afternoon that federalism and the fight against corruption were not antagonistic concepts and both could co-exist.
new delhi, aug.
16: finance minister arunjaitley may not visit islamabad later this month for a ministerial meet of the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) amid an intensifying diplomatic standoff between the neighbours over terrorism and kashmir.
the modi government was weighing the pros and cons of sending arunjaitley for the august 25-26 finance ministers' meeting in islamabad till late evening, but appeared tilted against a visit, foreign ministry officials said.
the final decision rests with prime minister narendra modi.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das may represent india instead of arunjaitley , the officials insisted.
the debate within the government coincides with an escalating diplomatic tit-for-tat between the south asian neighbours, with india accusing pakistan of fomenting protests and terrorism in kashmir, and pakistan alleging india is guilty of state terrorism.
modi yesterday signalled a more strident riposte, by publicly demonstrating support for secessionist movements in balochistan, and protesters against pakistan in the chunk of kashmir islamabad occupies.
but while skipping the saarc meet may stand in consonance with the more aggressive postures adopted by the government, they risk contrasting with the prime minister's own avowed emphasis on putting aside bilateral differences for a regional cause.
the saarc finance ministers' meeting will be crucial in formulating a series of agreements that are expected to be discussed during the heads of governments' meeting of the regional platform in november, also in islamabad.
finance minister arunjaitley met his us counterpart steven mnuchin (in reuters picture) in washington on saturday and raised the subject of the tightening of the h-1b visa regime, which is expected to hurt indian it companies.
he highlighted the contribution of indian companies and professionals to the american economy.
president donald trump had last week signed an executive order tightening the rules of the h-1b visa programme, meant for skilled foreign workers, to stop its abuse and ensure the visas are given to the most-skilled or highest paid petitioners.
the indian it industry is concerned, because domestic it professionals use these visas for short-term work in america.
this is the second time arunjaitley has raised the issue with us authorities during his washington trip to attend the annual spring meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank.
he had earlier discussed the subject with us commerce secretary wilbur ross.
on saturday, arunjaitley and mnuchin, the us secretary of the treasury, discussed a wide range of bilateral issues and the international cooperation against terror financing.
jaitley highlighted the progress in indo-us relations over the past few years and how india's reform agenda was creating new opportunities for a deeper economic engagement between the two countries, a finance ministry statement said.
new delhi, feb.
5: the opposition parties today united against the introduction of the communal violence bill in the rajya sabha, accusing the government of violating the countrys federal structure.
amid the din that ensued, deputy chairperson p.j. kurien deferred the introduction of the bill aimed at stemming hate propaganda and organised communal violence.
union home minister sushil kumar shinde attempted to introduce the communal violence (access to justice and reparations) bill while there was commotion in the well of the house.
two mps each from the telugu desam party and the congress were demanding an undivided andhra while some samajwadi mps were shouting over other issues.
jaitley said according to the constitution, police and law and order were on the state list, so it was beyond the centre to make laws on these subjects.
the bill has been opposed by chief ministers like narendra modi and jayalalithaa.
amid such strident opposition, the government recently dropped a provision defining victims as belonging to religious or linguistic minority.
but that failed to convince the dmk and the jd(u), which also opposed the bill.
the upa government has butchered federalism and i register our strong views on the anti-federalism legislation, said trinamuls derek obrien.
law minister kapil sibal tried to argue that the centre would take the opinion of the states.
but when a united opposition refused to yield, sibal ended his argument saying: if it is state-sponsored communal activity like what happened in gujarat, it is not a law-and-order issue.
the indication was in such a case the centre should intervene.
later, the bjps ravi shankar prasad alleged at a news conference that the centre was trying to include provisions of article 356 (central rule) in the bill.
sibals statement on gujarat exposes it, he said.
patna, nov.
3: bjp patriarch kailashpati mishra passed away at his patna home on saturday.
he was 89 and a bachelor.
mishra, who died this morning after complaining of acute breathing problem last night, started his political career as an rss pracharak in the 1940s.
senior leaders like chief minister nitish kumar, leader of the opposition in the bihar assembly abdul bari siddiqui, rjd mp ram kripal yadav, legislative council chairman awadesh narayan singh and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi rushed to mishras home at kautilya nagar to pay their respects.
bjp top guns such as l.k. advani, narendra modi, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha sushma swaraj, her counterpart in the rajya sabha, arunjaitley , party general secretary dharmendra pradhan and national spokesman ravi shankar prasad are scheduled to attend mishras funeral tomorrow.
nitish said mishra would be cremated with full state honours on the banks of the ganga after 5pm.
he summed up mishras death as the end of an era and an irreparable loss not only to bihar but the nation as whole.
mishra had participated in the quit india movement in 1942 and left home in his high school days to become a lifetime pracharak of the rss in 1945.
thereafter, he went on to build the base of the rss, the jan sangh and later the bjp.
he even earned the sobriquet of bhishma pitamah of the bjp.
mishra had served the rss as the pracharak, moving out to various bihar districts for 20 years since he joined the outfit in 1945.
he later shifted to the jan sangh.
he was the founding president of the state bjp unit that came into existence after breaking out of the janata party.
he enjoyed close proximity to the partys top guns like atal bihari vajpayee and advani.
mishra also served as the mentor to sushil modi, nandkishore yadav, awadhesh narayan singh, sukhada pandey, ashwini choubey and several other senior bjp leaders.
kailashji was our guide, guru, philosopher and more, said sushil modi.
besides serving the state legislature from vikram and being a member of the rajya sabha (1984-90), mishra served as the governor of gujarat and rajasthan from may 2003 to july 2004.
his gubernatorial stint ended when the upa government replaced the nda in 2004.
new delhi, may 30: narendra modi has asked his ministry colleagues to use social media extensively, seeking to tap in governance a platform believed to have helped him during the elections.
information and broadcasting minister prakash javadekar has written to all ministers urging them to use twitter, facebook and youtube to initiate discussions, seek feedback and incorporate valuable suggestions, besides maintaining a constant dialogue with people.
this is in adherence to the vision of prime minister narendra modi, who desires to use the social media platforms extensively for transparency and better governance, the letter states.
javadekar has urged his colleagues to put out information on policy initiatives through the new media wing  a division in his ministry created by the upa government but one likely to get greater impetus now.
the social media push is also being seen as the modi administrations attempt to contrast its approach with that of the manmohan singh government, which was widely perceived as a poor communicator and unresponsive.
in his letter, javadekar said the special wing would help all ministries package and place information, widen reach and improve response management, leading to a 360-degree communication.
several top bjp leaders and union ministers, including modi, rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley , already use social media intensively.
many have facebook pages.
modi also uses his personal website to interact with people.
new delhi, aug.
29: finance minister arunjaitley today pitched for us funds for india's rs 40,000-crore national investment and infrastructure fund (niif), adding that there was a need to increase trade between the two countries.
us secretary of commerce penny pritzker, in her meeting with arunjaitley , too, said the us wanted to institutionalise trade relations between the two countries.
there is a great potential to increase bilateral trade between the two nations, she said.
jaitley said various us-based insurance, pension and endowment funds can invest in niif with the domestic infrastructure sector showing great potential.
the government had set up the niif in december last year as an investment vehicle to fund commercially viable greenfield, brownfield and stalled projects.
it was seen as a mother fund with several sectoral feeder funds.
the government will contribute rs 20,000 crore to the fund and the remaining rs 20,000 crore is expected to be raised from sovereign wealth funds.
during the meeting, arunjaitley drove home the point that many indian states were growing at 10-11 per cent and offered opportunity for us investment.
appreciating the passage of the goods and services tax bill in parliament, pritzker hoped it would boost economic activities in india.
the dialogue by the state chief ministers with different us authorities can be given a structured shape to give an impetus to bilateral trade, pritzker added.
jaitley, on his part, said most trade concerns between india and the us had been either resolved or narrowed down to a large extent.
trade between india and the us stood at $109 billion last year.
pritzker is on a three-day visit to india to preside over the us-india strategic and commercial dialogue.
ceo forum india and the us will tomorrow review at the ceo forum the progress made in areas such as renewable energy, defence and smart city projects, and discuss the road map to achieve the objectives.
besides, the two sides are likely to discuss innovation and entrepreneurship and other policies and measures to develop trade ties.
the meeting is part of the second strategic and commercial dialogue in new delhi.
tata group chairman cyrus mistry will co-chair the meeting from the indian side.
dave cote, chairman and ceo of honeywell international, will lead the us side.
it will review the status of the actions taken on the recommendations submitted by the forum in its two meetings held last year and make fresh suggestion for strengthening investment opportunities between india and the us.
the discussions are expected to take place regarding smart city master planning activities for three cities - ajmer, allahabad and vizag - for which an mou has been signed between india and the us, the commerce ministry said in a statement.
in line with the recommendations of the forum to boost the renewable energy sector, both sides are working on the us-india energy finance initiatives, which is expected to mobilise up to $400 million by 2020.
meanwhile, us ambassador to india richard verma said india and the us had broken every trade record in segments such as defence and agriculture.
the highest two-way trade numbers ever between the countries last year has reached $109 billion; the highest defence trade numbers last year was $15 billion; we even did $6 billion cumulatively in agricultural trade, verma said.
mauritius treaty the revised tax treaty with mauritius, which allows india to tax capital gains on investments routed through the island nation, will tackle round tripping of funds and curb tax evasion, the finance ministry said today.
after decade-long negotiations, india and mauritius signed the amendment to the 1983 double taxation avoidance convention (dtac) on may 10, and was notified by india on august 11.
it is a good story so far but we can do better, verma added.
arun arunjaitley presenting the union budget for 2018-19 in the lok sabha.
picture: indiabudget.gov.
innew delhi, feb.
2-7.
5 per cent in the second half of the current fiscal and is on its way to becoming the 5th largest economy of the world.
while unveiling the budget for 2018-19, he said india has grown on an average of 7.
5 per cent in the first three years of the current government and has become a us$ 2.
5 trillion economy.
we hope to grow at 7.
2 to 7.
india has already become 7th largest economy of the world, he said, adding that it is expected to become 5th largest economy soon.
according to the cso estimate indian economy is expected to grow at 6.
5 per cent in the current fiscal, ending march 31.
for 2018-19, the economy is likely to grow at 7-7.
5 per cent according to the economic survey tabled in parliament earlier this week.
gross domestic product growth in first quarter of 2017-18 had moderated to 5.
7 per cent, the lowest in the three years.
in the second quarter, it recovered to 6.
3 per cent.
global crude has touched a seven-month high of $50 per barrel for the first time since october 2015.
india, which depends on imports to meet 80 per cent of its oil needs, will have to spend rs 9,126 crore ($1.
36 billion) more for every dollar per barrel increase in prices, while also seeing a surge in inflation.
obviously higher crude price is not good news for india.
but if it remains within a range, as it is at present, it is something that can be handled.
petrol prices have been hiked five times since march, totalling rs 8.
99 a litre.
diesel rates have been raised by rs 9.
79 a litre as global oil prices climbed to $50 per barrel.
the wpi inflation rises by 0.
02 per cent for every rupee per litre increase in petrol and by 0.
07 per cent for the same amount of increase in diesel rates.
jaitley said the external factors that impacted the economic growth rate, which at 7.
6 per cent of 2015-16 had been hailed as the fastest among major economies, were oil and commodity prices.
when oil prices slumped in the second half of 2014 and 2015, the government had hiked the excise duty on petrol and diesel nine times to mop up additional revenues that helped it to meet its revenue and fiscal deficit targets.
in all, it raised the excise duty on petrol by rs 11.
77 a litre and that on diesel by rs 13.
47.
jaitley said the global environment had certainly not been helpful for growth of the indian economy.
lens on defaulters the finance minister has promised a greater capital support to banks amid 10 state-run lenders suffering losses of over rs 15,000 crore in the march quarter.
he has also warned that defaulters cannot be allowed to sleep well leaving all the worry to bankers.
he rejected suggestions that huge losses being reported by psu banks were like skeletons tumbling out, saying non-performing assets were mostly because of business-related losses in certain sectors, rather than frauds, and one must distinguish between chalk and cheese.
finance minister arunjaitley was prophetic but he forgot the maxim that preachers should set their own house in order before taking to the pulpit.
only, the pakistanis used the wrong party.
highlighting comments by bjp veteran and former karnataka chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa, pakistan prime minister imran khans party alleged a political game by the bjp to escalate tensions between two nuclear-armed nations.
speaking to local channels in karnatakas chitradurga on wednesday, yeddyurappa had predicted major gains for his party in the lok sabha elections in the aftermath of the indian action in response to the pulwama terror strike.
the prime minister showed courage to teach pakistan a lesson and avenge the death of the 40 crpf men.
the pre-emptive strike (by the iaf on tuesday) has created a pro-modi wave ahead of the polls.
this will help the party win more than 22 seats (in karnataka), yeddyurappa had said.
karnataka has 28 lok sabha seats.
earlier in the day karnataka bjp chief b.s. yeddyurappa had called back all party mlas holed up in a gurgaon hotel in a sign of easing the mission to topple the state government.
telegraph file pictureimrans pakistan tehrik-e-insaaf party on thursday tweeted a news report and a video of yeddyurappas comments and wrote: air force excursions, war mongering, soldiers in captivity and the lives of so many people in danger all equate to 22 seats in the eyes of representatives of indias ruling party.
is war an election option?
#saynotowar.
the party added: took two days to reveal the political game behind sending two nuclear armed nations into an escalated tension situation.
its about 22 seats.
in this day and age, no agendas remain hidden.
take note india and #saynotowar!
hours after a joint opposition had issued a statement criticising the modi government of blatant politicisation of the sacrifices made by the uniformed personnel, finance minister arunjaitley had tweeted on wednesday: my appeal to indias opposition  let the country speak in one voice.
please introspect  your ill advised statement is being used by pakistan to bolster its case.
but yeddyurappas statements put the bjp on the back foot with a barrage of volleys from the ruling congress-jds alliance in karnataka.
as damage control, yeddyurappa claimed on thursday that his statements had been reported out of context.
i said that situation favourable for bjp which i am saying for last couple of months.
this is not first time i said bjp in karnataka will win minimum 22 seats under the able leadership of modiji, he tweeted.
state congress president dinesh gundu rao termed yeddyurappas comments irresponsible.
chief minister h.d. kumaraswamy said the bjp leader had made a shameless statement.
new delhi, may 19: the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has managed to oust rival congress from assam in the state assembly elections, but the party's big-ticket economic reform move - the all-india goods and services tax - will continue to face opposition from the congress and the aiadmk.
the congress party today made it clear that it would stick to its demands - the removal of the 1 per cent inter-state tax, the imposition of an 18 per cent cap on the gst tax rate and the formation of an independent dispute resolution mechanism.
if they (bjp) agree to these three points, the gst will be supported by the congress, said congress spokesperson randeep surjewala.
the state assembly election results will not change the composition of the rajya sabha, where the congress, with 64 mps, is the largest single party.
no upper house mp from the three states that went to polls this year retires before 2017 and no rajya sabha mp from assam, where the bjp won spectacularly, retires before 2019.
the aiadmk, which won the tamil nadu elections today and has 12 rajya sabha mps, also opposed the gst on various grounds, including the dispute settlement mechanism, which it feels is loaded in favour of the centre.
the bjp, however, had earlier indicated that it might not negotiate on the last two of the three demands of the congress.
the congress, which authored the original gst draft, has been demanding that a cap be set on gst at 18 per cent or 20 per cent as otherwise the tax would be too high and unbearable for ordinary citizens.
the bjp, which had not allowed the congress to pass the measure during its term in office, has been arguing that a cap should not be written into the constitutional amendment as any changes later will have to be done by both the central and the state legislatures.
the trinamul congress, which had a sweeping victory in bengal, is likely to support the bill.
on whether the party will support the gst, chief minister mamata banerjee today said, we have ideological differences with it (bjp) .
.
.
but we will always support it on issues that are beneficial to people.
in a blog posted on his facebook page, the minister said, a future road map could well be to work towards a single standard rate instead of two standard rates of 12 per cent and 18 per cent.
it could be a rate at some mid-point between the two.
the gst council at its meeting on saturday reduced the taxes on 22 goods, of which seven were in the highest slab of 28 per cent.
however, the council did not agree to reduce the tax on cement and auto parts given the fact these two items contribute rs 34,000 crore annually in gst tax.
jaitley in his post said, only cement and auto parts are items of common use which remain in the 28 per cent slab.
our next priority will be to transfer cement into a lower slab.
the sun is setting on the 28 per cent slab.
the congress two years earlier had suggested capping the gst at 18 per cent, a proposal ridiculed by both prime minister narendra modi and jaitley.
however, earlier last week, the prime minister also said: we are working towards a position where 99 per cent items will attract the sub-18 per cent gst slab.
his comments attracted flak from the finance ministers of the opposition-ruled states, who pointed out that the gst council was a federal structure and the pm was trying to short-circuit its decision-making process.
congress leader rahul gandhi had also tweeted government says 99 per cent of goods will be at 18 per cent gst.
belated wisdom having scrambled the egg needlessly when gst was introduced, the government is trying to unscramble it!
typical of nda.
multiple meetingsthe gst council has met 31 times and changed the rates on hundred of items.
in one single meeting on november 10 last year, it had reduced taxes on 211 products.
similarly, in july this year, it reduced taxes on more than 50 items.
the finance minister in his post seemed to make a virtue of the very frequent course corrections the gst council has adopted after the initial passage of the hastily drafted gst act.
with the gst transformation completed, we are close to completing the first set of rate of rationalisation i.
e.
phasing out the 28 per cent slab except in luxury and sin goods.
the country should eventually have a gst which will have only slabs of zero, 5 per cent and standard rate with luxury and sin goods as an exception, said jaitley.
the over two-decade-old satyajit ray film & television institute (srfti) is set to get the facelift it badly needs following finance minister arunjaitley budget proposal to declare the campus as an institute of national importance.
the students, teachers and authorities at the srfti welcomed the move, expressing the hope that the bypass institute might eventually appear on the national radar and shed its local tag despite being a national institution all these years.
its a great thing for the institute, srfti director sanjaya pattanayak said, welcoming the finance ministers proposal.
once the status is formalised, the institute will have more power and flexibility.
this will help the srfti, which has been playing a pivotal role in cinema education, to emerge as a centre of excellence.
we can start research and doctoral programmes and introduce more streams in filmmaking.
the national tag should allow the srfti to become more widespread, said vikram arora, a second-year editing student from delhi.
our institute has always been a national one like the pune institute but its not as talked-about as the ftii.
ballari roy chowdhury, a first-year student of producing, agreed, saying the new tag would encourage more people from the filmmaking world to visit the campus and interact with the students and the faculty.
the proposed status will help spread awareness about the institute, feels ballari.
not many people in calcutta are aware of the srftis presence or what it is.
awareness is important and a sense of acknowledgement is satisfying.
it pushes students like us to feel more responsible and take our studies more seriously.
the srfti started functioning in 1995 as an autonomous institution under the ministry of information and broadcasting.
modelled after the film and television institute of india, the srfti was set up to train professionals to meet the demands of a rapidly growing entertainment industry.
yet every time it seemed that the dream was finally taking shape, srfti lost direction.
there were instances of admission being stalled for three years and students going on indefinite strikes to protest alleged academic and infrastructural shortcomings and financial irregularities.
the institute has often announced mega makeover plans and several self-sustaining schemes to reduce its dependence on central funds.
the institute once drew up a master plan to transform a part of the 40-acre campus into a mini-film city.
but such moves often led to unrest, like clashes between students and officials, and temporary closure of the institute.
jayanta roy chowdhury and r. suryamurthynew delhi: india's economy rebounded from a three-year low to grow at 6.
3 per cent in the three months ended september 30.
the economy had slowed dramatically in the first quarter to record a dismal 5.
7 per cent growth.
opponents had then accused the modi regime of wrecking what was once touted as the fastest growing economy in the world with his reckless experiments.
the bjp is certain to view the data as a godsend before the gujarat elections.
but while the government and the party were chuffed by the second quarter growth, there was no escaping a few cold facts.
the growth rate was far lower than the 7.
5 per cent growth in the year-ago quarter.
the number fell short of a reuters poll forecast of 6.
4 per cent.
india continues to trail china and the philippines, which have notched up growth rates of 6.
8 per cent and 6.
9 per cent, respectively, in the quarter ended september 30.
the strong showing in the second quarter was underpinned by the 7 per cent growth in the manufacturing sector that accounts for almost 18 per cent of the economy.
it had grown by a piffling 1.
2 per cent in the first quarter of this year.
however, this was way below the 7.
7 per cent manufacturing sector growth in july-september 2016.
the modi government drew strong comfort from the assessment that the economy had finally reversed the steady slide in the past five quarters.
hopefully, growth in the coming quarter will be on an upward trajectory, he added.
the growth figure gives the modi government a chance to drum up talk about development ahead of the elections in gujarat.
today's gdp numbers reiterate the #indiaunstoppable story under pm narendra modi.
the strong rebound in growth is a reflection of solid economic management by the modi government, tweeted bjp president amit shah.
former finance minister p. chidambaram, however, advised people not to be overjoyed about the turnaround.
happy that the july-september quarter has registered a growth rate of 6.
3 per cent.
this is a pause in the declining trend of the last five quarters.
but we cannot say now whether this will mark an upward trend in the growth rate.
we should wait for the growth rates over the next 3-4 quarters before we can reach a definite conclusion, he said in a series of tweets.
chidambaram added: 6.
3 per cent is far below the promise of the modi government and far below the potential of a well-managed indian economy.
some economists believe that the central statistics office (cso), which released the figures, has not adequately captured the impact of demonetisation and gst on the informal sector that accounts for 26 per cent of the economy.
commenting on the strong growth in the second quarter in manufacturing, m. govinda rao, a former member of the prime minister's economic advisory committee, said: there is, however, a problem here.
we are calculating manufacturing growth based on corporate results.
.
.
this does not take into account the small and medium sector which suffered the most after demonetisation and the launch of gst.
a couple of big worries remain.
farm sector growth tumbled to 1.
7 per cent from 2.
3 per cent in the previous quarter and 4.
1 per cent in the same quarter last year.
construction continued to do badly, growing by 2.
6 per cent in july-september 2017 compared with 4.
3 per cent in the same period last year.
we have to remember that this is despite the fact that the government has front-loaded its spending on projects, forcing up our fiscal deficit to a high of 96.
1 per cent of the rs 546,532 crore target set for the full year.
this means that private spending on construction has been very, very dismal, said pronab sen, former chairman of the national statistical commission.
after farming, i fear that job losses have been the most in the construction sector.
incidentally, these two sectors are the largest sectors in terms of job creation in this country, sen added.
the financial sector grew by 5.
7 per cent in the second quarter of this year, far lower than the 6.
4 per cent in the april-june quarter, and significantly lower than the 7 per cent growth in the same period last year.
ranen banerjee, partner - public finance and economics, pwc india, said: we are experiencing a slowdown in the services sector viz.
finance, transport and hotels.
this is because of the larger working capital requirements of the services sector and issues which have arisen post-gst implementation.
our special correspondentnew delhi: the bjp on monday said there had always been a tradition to reschedule parliament sessions at election time and attacked sonia gandhi for accusing the government of sabotaging the winter session to avoid tough questions before the gujarat polls.
bjp general secretary bhupendra yadav said in a statement: extending the winter session of parliament beyond christmas is not unusual.
there are precedents under various prime ministers.
the statement accused the congress of levelling unsubstantiated allegations fearing a record defeat in the gujarat and himachal pradesh polls.
it claimed there had been a break during a parliament session in 2008 --- when the congress-led upa was in power ---- because of a series of state elections.
the statement said similar moves had been seen in 1981, 1990, 1993 and 2011.
parliament's winter session usually starts in the third week of november.
sources have suggested the government is planning a truncated session from the second week of december.
in the last three years the congress has firmly established itself as the most destructive opposition in indian history, the statement said.
the bjp-led nda government will present its last budget on february 1.
telegraph file photothe finance and corporate affairs ministries have been assigned to railway minister piyush goyal nine days before the interim budget as arunjaitley is indisposed.
the bjp-led nda government will present its last budget on february 1.
a communique from the rashtapati bhavan said: the president of india, as advised by the prime minister, hereby directed that during the period of indisposition of shri arunjaitley , minister; the portfolios of minister of finance and minister of corporate affairs held by him, be temporarily assigned to shri piyush goyal, in addition to his existing portfolios.
goyal also holds the coal ministry.
the rashtrapati bhavan release also said that arunjaitley would be designated as minister without portfolio during the period of his indisposition or till such time he is able to resume his work as minister of finance and minister of corporate affairs.
this will be the second stint for goyal in both the ministries as he had headed the portfolios for 100 days when arunjaitley had undergone kidney transplant in may last year.
jaitley had resumed charge of the ministries of finance and corporate affairs, returning to work on august 23 last year.
speaking a fortnight ahead of the budget, arunjaitley underlined that there have been precedents of interim budgets containing major policy announcements to tackle an urgent situation, making many wonder if the interim budget would roll out sops with an eye on the lok sabha elections in april-may.
jaitley unexpectedly left for the us for a medical check-up on sunday night, sources said without indicating when he would return.
this is jaitley's first overseas visit since his kidney ailment was confirmed in april last year.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday defended the revised gdp growth rate numbers and said they were far more credible than those of the earlier series as they were more inclusive and representative of the economy.
however, the methodologies adopted by the cso and the mundle panel triggered a debate with economists stating that the data sets need to be scrutinised threadbare.
the central statistics office is a highly credible organisation.
it completely maintains an arms length distance from the finance ministry.
we come to know of data only after finally it is released, said jaitley.
all individuals who have headed the cso are of the view that this data is far more reflective of the situation in the indian economy and therefore have far more credibility.
according to the back series data released by the central statistical organisation on wednesday, the average growth rate during the upa regime (2005-14) was 6.
7 per while for the nda period (2015-18) it was 7.
3 per cent.
this is in contrast to the mundle panel estimation in august that the average growth of the decade-long upa tenure was 8 per cent against 7.
3 per cent during the nda regime.
the back series shaved off over 1 percentage point from the only year india posted double-digit gdp growth post liberalisation.
a noted economist, who did not want to be quoted, said when different economists do economic modelling, it is but natural to get different results.
we should treat the current gdp exercise as a version provided by experts and not go beyond.
different methodologies will lead to debates which would help in coming out with better models in the future.
oil india solar unit kicks offnew delhi, dec.
25: oil india ltd, the countrys second-largest state-owned exploration company, has commissioned its first 5mw solar power plant in rajasthan and plans to expand it by another 9mw next year.
oil india, which has so far built only small solar power plants for captive use, built and commissioned its first grid-connected unit in ramgarh district.
budget meetnew delhi, dec.
25: finance minister arunjaitley will meet state finance ministers tomorrow to elicit their views on the forthcoming budget to be presented in the lok sabha in february-end.
after meeting the state finance ministers, arunjaitley will start customary pre-budget consultations with different interest groups.
coal e-biddingnew delhi, dec.
25: the government today kick-started the auction process for cancelled coal mines with the launch of a portal for electronic bidding for 24 coal blocks in the first tranche.
the union cabinet has approved repromulgation of the coal ordinance and necessary guidelines for mine allocations.
rinl floatnew delhi, dec.
25: the government has decided to defer the initial public offer of state-owned steel company rashtriya ispat nigam ltd (rinl) as the company is still assessing the damage caused by hudhud cyclone to its plant at visakhapatnam.
airtel movenew delhi, dec.
25: the government will look into airtels plan to charge separately for internet call services offered by apps such as skype, viber and line that will cost up to rs 10,000 per gb on 2g network and up to rs 4,000 per gb on 3g network.
mumbai, july 2: finance minister arunjaitley indications that his first budget will impose fiscal prudence and take other bold decisions have hit the right chords with the investors who propelled the key benchmark indices to their record highs today.
the bse sensex came close to the 26000-mark to end at a all-time closing high of 25841.
21, while the nifty of the nse finished at 7725.
15 to log a new closing peak.
market circles said investors reacted positively to the finance ministers statements, which indicated that the budget would contain measures towards fiscal prudence and try to get the economy back on track.
they added that reports of the monsoon making progress in some parts of the country boosted sentiments.
the sensex is expected to hit the 26000-mark ahead of the budget on july 10.
markets ended higher on expectations of a reforms-oriented budget.
progress of monsoons also helped sentiments.
going ahead, we see the monsoon progress and the budget to be the two most important triggers for the markets, dipen shah, head (private client group research) at kotak securities, said.
across-the-board buying was witnessed today with participation from both domestic and foreign institutions.
provisional data from the bourses showed that foreign investors made a net purchase of rs 193 crore.
all the 12 sectoral indices on the bse closed with gains of up to 2 per cent, with metal, healthcare, power, capital goods and auto among the leading gainers.
after opening higher at 25660.
57, the 30-share index rallied to a new intra-day peak of 25864.
53.
it later settled at a new all-time closing high of 25841.
21, logging a rise of 324.
86 points, or 1.
27 per cent.
the sensex has gained nearly 800 points over the past four sessions.
the nifty gained 90.
45 points, to end at 7725.
15 after touching an intra-day peak of 7732.
40.
the rally in the stock markets had its impact on the rupee as well.
the domestic unit gained 38 paise  its biggest single-day rise in seven weeks  to finish at 59.
69 against the dollar.
at the forex market, the rupee resumed stable at 60.
07 and hit a days high of 59.
62 before before finishing at 59.
69, a rise of 38 paise.
r. balajiwhat are you suggesting, sir?
finance minister arunjaitley chairs a gst meeting through video conferencing in new delhi last week.
(pti picture)new delhi: a transparency test was staring at the supreme court after a constitution bench refused on tuesday to entertain a persistent plea for a copy of an order through which the same bench had been formed to look into a plea linked to the chief justice of india.
following the court's reluctance to furnish the copy of the order, two congress mps withdrew their petition challenging the rajya sabha chairperson's dismissal of a notice for a motion to impeach chief justice dipak misra.
kapil sibal, senior advocate and congress leader who represented the petitioners, declined to argue the merits of the case until he could go through the order, find out who issued it and decide whether it could be challenged.
as night fell, the country appeared deeply divided over the highest judicial office in the land.
union finance minister arunjaitley posted on facebook: the congress party was looking for a friendly pitch to bowl on.
other social media users lamented the state of affairs in new india.
the copy of the order is crucial because it will establish whether it was administrative or judicial.
the nature of the order holds enormous significance.
judicial orders are passed by judges sitting in court and after hearing the arguments of lawyers.
administrative orders are issued by the chief justice of india in his chamber.
a constitution bench is usually formed after a two-judge bench, followed by a three-judge bench, issues a judicial order calling for a bench of five judges.
after such an order is issued, the chief justice forms the bench.
for less important matters, the chief justice issues an administrative order forming either a two-judge or three-judge bench.
on monday night, it became known that a constitution bench had been formed to look into the petition filed by the two congress mps.
however, earlier in the day, the bench of justice j. chelameswar, the second senior-most judge, had not issued any judicial order in the courtroom to form such a bench.
if it can be established that the constitution bench, normally formed after a judicial order is issued, was set up through an administrative order, its very formation could be challenged.
this was the reason the petitioners, represented by senior advocate and congress leader kapil sibal, insisted they be given a copy of the order setting up the bench.
besides, if it emerges that the chief justice of india - who usually issues administrative orders - had passed the order to set up the bench to look into a case that involves him, it can throw up other questions.
the official notice issued on monday night announcing the formation of the constitution bench was signed by the additional registrar handling listings.
on tuesday afternoon, fresh life was injected into the transparency question when lawyer prashant bhushan moved an rti application seeking a copy of the order.
it remains to be seen how the information officer of the top court responds to bhushan's application.
in 2015, the supreme court had held that when a high court or the apex court acts in its administrative capacity, only then is it considered to fall within the definition of state for the purpose of disclosing information under the rti act.
the five-judge bench that was set up included neither the chief justice nor the four remaining collegium members who had held an unprecedented media conference in january to complain about the manner in which justice misra allocated cases.
the bench announced on monday was headed by the sixth senior-most judge, justice a.k. sikri, and included justices s.a. bobde, n.v. ramana, arun mishra and a.k. goel.
justice sikri acknowledged the uniqueness of the case.
problem is that this is a piquant situation and an unprecedented one.
cji is a party to the matter.
.
.
.
the other four (collegium) judges have a role in the matter, he said.
sibal told the bench that a reference to five judges can only be made by a judicial order.
the rules of the supreme court do not allow the chief justice of india to pass an administrative order to refer a matter to five judges.
.
.
.
he added: the petitioners are entitled to know who is that authority who, on the administrative side, passed an order to refer this matter to five distinguished judges.
if the authority happens to be the chief justice of india, against whom a motion of removal on the basis of certain articles of charge was filed and dismissed by the (rajya sabha) chairman.
.
.
then the petitioners are entitled to be informed of the order and a copy of the order be furnished to the petitioners before any proceedings take place.
when sibal, who had said he neither had any malice towards anyone nor any agenda, insisted that he wanted to know who had passed the order forming the bench, justice sikri said: then we feel there is something else.
sibal responded: it (the order) is not a secret under the national security act.
the senior counsel then sought permission to withdraw the petition, which the bench acceded to.
the court declared the petition dismissed as withdrawn.
in between answering questions, priyanka turns back to see if i am comfortable at the back with three other people, is my car following me and so on.
telegraph file photorae bareli is burning, it is 42 degrees.
priyanka gandhi vadras face is flushed red.
a stream of sweat trickles down her chin.
as she opens a bottle of refreshment for a sip, a man comes running towards her, accuses her men of snatching away his phone.
she remains calm, sends two of her staffers to look into the matter.
just see there is no violence, she tells them.
her programme is disrupted for a while.
but that doesnt take away the quintessential smile from her face.
you cant take yourself too seriously, you have to learn to laugh at yourself a bit, she tells me, turning her head to speak to me; i am seated behind her in the car.
the man in question is from the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and possibly looking to disrupt her programme.
these things look trivial but they get blown up, says priyanka as she finishes the fourth meeting of the day at gurha.
last week, a video clip of her from amethi went viral.
the clip shows her listening on as local children chant chowkidar chor hai, but when they start to chant something abusive about the prime minister she reprimands gently, achchhe bachche bano.
she has been served a notice by the national commission for protection of child rights for involving children in her election campaign.
i am a mother.
i never teach anything bad to my children; why would i ever teach anything bad to any child?
the 47-year-old talks a lot about her own children.
she tells me she has finally made an entry into politics with due permission from them.
rahul and i didnt have a normal childhood.
we witnessed so much violence.
we couldnt go to school after the age of 12 [they were home-schooled because of the security threats].
but i wanted my children to have a normal childhood.
they are grown up now.
i am here with my childrens permission, she laughs.
her children  raihan and miraya  didnt have to witness violence up close, but they had to witness the vilification of their father, robert vadra.
he has been accused of money laundering and has been summoned by the enforcement directorate many times in the last five years.
what has been conducted against my husband is a full-blown political vendetta.
obviously, it has consequences in terms of creating stress for the children and for all of us, says priyanka.
she pauses and adds, but it is part of politics and we will deal with it.
as we speak, she fiddles with the pink stripes of her green cotton saree which is a little crushed now.
this interview is done in three parts on the same day.
the last bit happens in her car.
in between answering questions, she turns back to see if i am comfortable at the back with three other people, is my car following me and so on.
at her first meeting of the day at amawan in rae bareli, she had told the crowd, sonia gandhi has a lot of love for the people of rae bareli and she has worked hard for them.
not everyone in the crowd agreed though.
rae bareli remains a backward district and villagers complain about lack of clean drinking water and poor power supply.
priyanka, however, lists out a range of small and big projects her mother has undertaken as an mp over the past 15 years  construction of roads, construction of classrooms, installation of taps.
she accuses the bjp of impeding some of her mothers dream projects.
the all india institute of medical sciences at rae bareli set up by the upa is running an outdoor-patient unit only, no expansion has been done by the bjp, she says.
priyanka rolls out a fresh set of promises to villagers  congress will give rs 72,000 payouts for the poorest in the country under the nyuntam aay yojana scheme, otherwise known as nyay; it will fill four lakh central government vacancies before march 2020; there will be a separate kisan budget every year.
she could well be repeating herself but she is a good orator, weaves stories of other villages, draws parallels to the lives of the people here.
but is this newly-appointed congress general secretary of uttar pradesh (east) going to disappear again after elections?
now i am not going to disappear anywhere, she asserts.
but she is yet to take a plunge into electoral politics.
there was speculation that she might engage in a face-off with prime minister narendra modi in varanasi.
but ultimately congress fielded five-time mla ajai rai from the seat; rai had performed poorly in the 2014 election.
and now bjp is saying priyanka is scared of modi.
i am not scared of anyone, she retorts and adds, initially, we were all sort of saying, why shouldnt somebody fight from varanasi?
the media built it up to be a more serious thing than it was.
according to her, the party didnt want her to be restricted to one constituency.
here i am responsible for 41 constituencies.
i believe if i am doing party work i should stick to doing party work, she says.
priyanka thinks on her feet, her responses are sharp and she never dodges any question.
will she fight the by-elections at amethi if her brother rahul gandhi has to choose between wayanad and amethi?
we havent really discussed what would be the course of action if rahul has to vacate one seat, she says.
it seems her sole target is to strengthen the partys presence in the state before the 2022 assembly elections.
we have to be very strong in the state for which i have to do lot of travelling, she says.
but there remain issues both personal and political.
many say priyankas charm doesnt extend beyond rae bareli and amethi, the family pocketboroughs.
analysts say congress would have fared better electorally if there was an alliance with the samajwadi party (sp) and the bahujan samaj party (bsp).
but then, there is evident dissonance between the congress and the sp-bsp alliance.
at a rally in eastern ups barabanki, rahul gandhi recently said that modi can suppress mayawati-akhilesh but he is not afraid of modi.
so what message is rahul trying to convey, i ask priyanka.
the message is very clear  he is saying he is not afraid, she replies.
perhaps they are [sp and bsp] and that is why they didnt form an alliance with us.
forming an alliance would have meant the bjp would have stood no chance in up.
it is too early to say if the bjp can be defeated; i point out that the bjps hyper-nationalism has resonated with the people.
priyanka says, we are all desh bhakts.
but it is important to address farmers distress and gross unemployment.
thats my nationalism.
even if she doesnt believe in the bjps brand of nationalism, would it be fair to say priyanka (and rahul) have been forced into temple runs by the bjp?
she was recently seen sporting a red tilak on her forehead and offering prayers to a banyan tree.
finance minister arunjaitley , in fact, accused congress leaders of being chunavi hindus.
her reaction to that?
i have been visiting temples for the past 20 years.
i prepare to get off the car, her team wants priyanka to have lunch.
i ask her about those videos that show her playing with snakes in rae bareli.
was that a photo-op, a trick modi is said to resort to in order to go viral on social media.
priyanka says, somebody stopped me on the side of the road, took me into his village.
he happened to be a snake charmer, so he took out his baskets full of snakes.
do you think all that was orchestrated?
i am sorry, i am not an actor.
did she mean there is someone else out there on the campaign trail who could be called one?
but i had no time to ask her that.
mumbai, july 10: finance minister arunjaitley today kick-started the much awaited process towards the launch of real estate investment trusts (reits) in the country when he announced tax pass-through status for these entities.
reits are similar to mutual funds in that they raise money from investors and put them into real estate assets that may comprise of commercial projects like office buildings or malls apart from housing complexes as well.
these assets are held in an entity (spv) which is under control of the trust.
investors in reit earn on account of both dividend (from the rent collected) and wealth accumulation (capital appreciation of the underlying property).
the rent collected is subsequently paid to investors as dividend.
the tax pass-through status, according to the ministry of finance, will mean that the income by way of interest received by the reit will not be taxed in the hands of the trust.
sushil kumar modi patna, aug.
31: one poor series, his captaincy is in question.
sushil kumar modi may find himself in a tight spot much like captains of sports teams across the world.
his arena might be different but the party members, and the leadership, reposed so much faith in him that unexpected results in the august 21 byelections have almost made him a virtual villain.
yesterday, agriculture minister radhamohan singh opened the pandoras box by declaring that the next assembly polls would be fought under the leadership of sushil.
several bjp leaders came out in the open against the idea.
former minister and senior bjp leader chandramohan rai said sushil had ensured that all leaders of the upper caste had been sidelined.
now there is no leader in bihar except sushil.
but the bjp will not be able to win under his leadership, he said.
however, the bjps veteran parliamentarian, c.p. thakur, said: the issue of leadership is not discussed on the streets.
it will be decided by the partys central leadership.
when the bjp achieved a spectacular victory in the lok sabha polls in bihar nobody credited sushil  the partys poster boy in the state for almost two decades.
however, just three months later when the party won 4 of the 10 assembly seats in the bypolls, the former deputy chief ministers leadership is being questioned not only inside his party but also by his allies.
the bjp lost because of the feel good factor.
it did not seek our help even when we offered that, said arun kumar, the rlsp mp from jehanabad.
it is my opinion that the assembly elections should be fought under a collective leadership.
let leaders like sushil, nand kishore yadav, ashwini choubey be included in the committee.
the committee could include leaders from our allies  ram vilas paswan and upendra kushwaha  and work for the nda victory in the next assembly polls.
it will be beneficial for bihar, former minister and senior bjp leader prem kumar said.
prem kumar is not alone in expressing his reservation about sushils leadership.
a hardcore rss man who married to a christian, modi was one of the leading lights of the students movement led by jp narayan in the 1970s in bihar and was general secretary of patna university students union at the time when lalu prasad was its president.
he became mla from patna central for the first time in 1990 and remained undefeated till he became an mp from bhagalpur in 2004.
as leader of the opposition, he was in the forefront on attacking the rjd, including during fodder scam.
he became deputy chief minister in the nda government in 2005 till the alliance with the jdu broke last year.
during the alliance, he was one of the strongest defenders of nitish kumar and there were speculations that he may go with the jdu once the alliance breaks.
but sushil made it clear that he would remain with the bjp till death.
after the alliance broke, he has taken on nitish.
clearly, he is the tallest leader in the bjp in bihar, said a sushil supporter.
sushil never reacts to criticism against him by his own party leaders but this is not the first time he is facing a revolt.
in 2007, he survived a revolt when several bjp leaders were demanding his ouster  with the strong backing of l.k. advani and arun jaitley.
now with the change of guards at the centre, his status remains unchanged.
anything that happens in the bihar bjp is not without the consent of sushil, said a senior bjp leader stressing that even the central leadership has no alternative, adding: if there is any leader who can draw crowd in rallies is none other than sushil.
sushils supporters feel the current outburst is due to personal grievances.
thakur is disgruntled as his son was denied a ticket.
prem was not made leader of the opposition and chandramohan was not given a ticket in the lok sabha polls from valmikinagar, rattled out an mla, who is also close to sushil, insisting that the sushil faction was not alarmed by the outburst and it is inappropriate to compare the lok sabha polls with the bypolls where local issues dominate.
neiphiu rio kohima, feb.
4: nagaland chief minister neiphiu rios decision to contest lok sabha polls is likely to lead to a succession battle in the naga peoples front (npf), according to insiders.
npf sources said a rift was imminent in the party as there were many takers for the top post if rio gets elected to lok sabha.
people have given mandate to rio to be the chief minister of nagaland, not to contest for lok sabha, said an npf insider.
he said they have already warned rio about the troubles after his exit.
you will see more centres of power.
in september last year, the party had decided in a meeting not to send rio to lok sabha but the decision has been defied so far by the chief minister.
during a recent meeting of the ruling democratic alliance of nagaland (dan), of which the npf is a constituent, rio had requested the mlas to let him contest the polls.
the party is already considering the name of planning and coordination minister t.r. zeliang as a probable candidate for the chief ministers post.
but there are other senior leaders like home minister g. kaito ayeh, health and family welfare minister imkong l. imchen, who nurses a similar ambition.
rio has reportedly told the dan legislators that he would not interfere in choosing the next chief minister.
sources said rio was chalking out his moves very carefully so his party does not collapse even if he leaves for delhi.
the name of public health engineering department minister noke konyak has been also doing the rounds for the post of deputy chief minister.
noke is from eastern nagaland, which has 20 legislators.
of these 20 mlas, 19 are with the government and are expected to play a major role in choosing the next chief minister.
npf president shurhozelie liezietsu has said the eastern nagaland peoples organisation has requested him to let rio contest the polls.
rio was requested by the northeast regional political front and the bjp to contest the election.
npf sources said top bjp leaders, including its prime ministerial candidate narendra modi, party president rajnath singh, leader of opposition in rajya sabha, arunjaitley , and former nagaland chief secretary r.s. pandey, who recently joined the party, have asked him to contest the polls.
the bjp has already assured rio of a cabinet berth, if they form the government, in a bid to solve the naga political problem.
n. chuba, president of the bjp state unit, said rio was determined to contest the elections because if he gets elected, he can seek more funds for the states development and further the ongoing naga peace process.
the janata dal (united), a constituent of the dan, has said rio had requested them to support his candidature.
rio is fully prepared to contest the lok sabha polls, said a senior jd (u) leader.
the two parties, which have one mla each in the assembly, remain tight-lipped over the leadership crisis in the ruling alliance, but said they want rio to remain chief minister.
zeliang, who is also secretary of the npf search committee for the lok sabh polls, said if rio contested and won, he could remain the chief minister for another six months and then decide on his future.
but npf sources said some party leaders might not accept such a decision.
jaitley: new strategy new delhi, oct.
26: finance minister arunjaitley today came out with a blog in which he has argued in favour of a four-slab gst (goods and services tax) structure.
some have suggested that multiple tax rates are disadvantageous to gst and would neutralise some of the advantages of a uniform tax structure.
the reality is that multiple tax rates in india are inevitable.
different items used by different segments of society have to be taxed differently.
otherwise, gst would be regressive.
air conditioners and hawai chappals cannot be taxed at the same rate, arunjaitley wrote in the blog.
the government has proposed a four-rate tax structure of 6, 12, 18 and 26 per cent, with a majority of goods coming under the 18-per-cent slab.
items, mostly food products, constituting nearly 50 per cent of the weight in the consumer price index, have been proposed to be exempted from gst.
those taxed below 3 per cent as the total tax of the centre and the states will be taxed at a zero rate.
those between 3 per cent and 9 per cent will be taxed at 6 per cent; those between 9 per cent and 15 per cent will be taxed at 12 per cent and there would be a standard rate of 18 per cent, he said.
the blog comes barely a week before the gst council meeting on november 3-4 to discuss and finalise the rate structure.
jaitley argued in his blog that the biggest advantage of gst actually lies in the gst design itself, which provides for seamless transfer of input tax credit across the value chain.
most commodities would be taxed at lower than present levels.
in some cases, because of the tax rate going down and cascading of tax on tax going away, higher compliance levels would reduce the level of non-compliance.
the net gains of a more efficient tax would be felt over a longer period of time once the implementation glitches are all resolved.
the centre has proposed that luxury goods, on which a vat of 14.
5 per cent and an excise of 12.
5 per cent are levied at present, should be taxed at 26 per cent.
if the cascading effect of these taxes and octroi is added, then the range of taxation of these products is between 27 per cent and 31 per cent.
some of the items, which are now being used by the lower middle classes will be proposed to be shifted to the 18 per cent bracket.
allahabad, june 13: prime minister narendra modi today told the bjp's national executive that people were no longer satisfied merely with slogans.
according to him, he worried about how to strengthen the slogans, strengthen the country and seize opportunities.
history offers several opportunities.
the industrial revolution was one opportunity we (lndia) lost.
jaitley quoted the prime minister as saying an opportunity had come india's way again and stressed that we must use it genuinely and sincerely to strengthen the country.
a resolution, titled bjp is the party of bharat's present: it will be the party of bharat's future, was adopted setting out the larger political goal: ridding india of the congress.
the resolution said the singular resounding message of the recent assembly elections was the comprehensive and unequivocal rejection of the congress and the brand of politics associated with it.
calcutta, july 10: finance minister arunjaitley chose to eliminate basic customs duty on lcd and led panels below 19 inch  components that go into the production of certain categories of television sets  raising hopes of a lower cost to consumers.
the move, aimed at promoting domestic manufacturing, will open up avenues for manufacturers to penetrate markets beyond cities through smaller sets.
jaitely has proposed to exempt colour picture tubes from basic customs duty to keep crt televisions, a fast shrinking category in the market, within the reach of economically weaker sections.
steps to correct an inverted duty structure plaguing indigenous manufacturers of it hardware have been taken with special additional duty of 4 per cent being exempted on all inputs or components used in the manufacturing of desktops, laptops and tablet computers.
noting that there is a growing demand for electronics that required a boost in domestic production and reduced dependence on imports, an imposition of education cess on imported electronic products has been proposed to make locally produced goods competitive with those imported.
new delhi, dec.
16 (pti): the all-powerful gst council has approved mandatory compliance of e-way bill for intra-state movement of goods from june 1, 2018, sources said.
the council has fixed february 1 as the compliance date for inter-state movement of goods, sources in the panel added.
the e-way bill facility will be available for trial run from january 15.
these decisions were taken at the 24th meeting of the gst council headed by finance minister arun jaitley.
an e-way bill is required for movement of goods worth more than rs 50,000.
when goods are transported for less than 10 km within a state, the supplier or the transporter need not furnish details on the gst portal.
the e-way bill mechanism has been introduced in the gst regime to plug tax evasion loopholes.
tax evasion was one of the reasons cited by the government for the fall in revenue collection in october.
the gst revenue for october stood at rs 83,346 crore, the lowest since the implementation of gst from july 1.
it was significantly lower than the september figure of rs 95,131 crore.
chairman venkaiah naidu at the rajya sabha in new delhi on friday.
pti picturenew delhi, feb.
9 (pti): the rajya sabha had to be adjourned twice on friday as members from andhra pradesh, including national democratic alliance ally telegu desam party, continued their protest demanding a special package for the state.
when the house met for the day and papers were laid on the table, k.v.p ramachandra rao of congress walked into the well of the house holding a banner that read: implement special category status, andhra pradesh reorganisation act, assurance given by pm on 20.
02.
2014.
a group of tdp members soon joined him with their own placards and shouted slogans like we want justice.
manmohan singh, as prime minister of the congress-led united progressive alliance government in 2014, had told the upper house on february 20 that year that andhra pradesh would be compensated for resource losses caused by the creation of the new state of telangana from it.
chairman venkaiah naidu asked members to return to their seats so that the zero hour could be taken up.
with members refusing to heed his requests, naidu said he had two options before him, adjourn the house or name the mps.
derek o'brien from trinamool congress urged the chair to take action against mps so that the zero hour and further discussion on the union budget could take place.
satyavrat chaturvedi of congress, too, urged naidu to take action so that the zero hour could be taken up.
naidu, however, adjourned the proceedings till 12 noon.
when the house met again, opposition members including o'brien suggested that the question hour be done away with and discussion on the budget begun.
the chairman consented and neeraj shekhar of samajwadi party began his speech.
he said the budget was not in the interest of weaker sections.
however, members of the tdp and rao again moved to the well of the house.
tdp members began shouting we want justice slogans.
chairman naidu then adjourned the house till 2.
30pm.
some opposition members stood on their seats to show their unhappiness as they were keen on the budget discussion.
finance minister arunjaitley , bharatiya janata party chief amit shah, congress leader ghulam nabi azad and others were then seen engaged in a discussion.
rahul gandhi arrives at parliament on thursday.
picture by prem singh new delhi, july 28: rahul gandhi today taunted prime minister narendra modi over the rising prices, claiming the poor everywhere were crying: arhar modi, arhar modi, arhar modi.
.
.
.
a pun on the bjp's 2014 election slogan of  ghar ghar modi, har har modi (modi in every home, hail modi), the phrase underscores the rising prices of arhar dal or tur and often figures in social media jokes.
rahul had last year targeted the modi government with another jibe that turned into a catchphrase: suit-boot ki sarkar (a government of the suited and booted).
today, the congress vice-president took aim exclusively at the prime minister rather than his government during a discussion on the price rise.
modiji, you can make false promises like start-up india, stand-up india, digital india, make-in-india, but it is difficult to fool the people on prices.
everywhere in cities, towns, villages, people are saying, ' arhar modi, arhar modi, arhar modi', he said.
you said on february 16, 2014, during the election campaign, ' gareeb ke ghar chulha nahin jalta.
ma-bachche rat ko rote hain, aansu pee kar sote hain (the poor have no food; mothers and their children cry themselves to sleep)'.
what a dialogue!
what style!
very well done.
but the only problem is, you have forgotten the poor.
now that you are a big man, you don't say, 'ma-bachche rote hain, aansu pee kar sote hain'.
he recalled that the prime minister's address to the nation on his government's second anniversary two months ago had made no mention of how the rising food prices were mauling the poor.
there were bollywood stars, boastful claims and directions to the mps to spread across the country to talk about achievements.
but not a word on rising prices, rahul said.
he hinted at corruption in the management of pulse prices.
during our time, the msp (maximum support price) for tur dal was rs 45 and the market price was rs 75, a difference of rs 30.
now, the msp is rs 50 and the market price is rs 175, a difference of (nearly) rs 130, he said.
where does the additional rs 100 go?
you said, 'make me a chowkidar (nightwatchman), not a pm.
this chowkidar tried to rob your land and now this loot is going on under his nose.
he is silent.
finance minister arunjaitley later rebutted the charge of corruption, arguing that an expanding demand-supply gap, caused by an annual shortage of six million tonnes of pulses, was pushing up prices.
he said the government had taken several measures to boost production.
on the charge that the government was not passing the benefits of low international crude prices on to the consumers, he said the savings were being used on welfare measures and infrastructure.
jaitley said the government had sustained a high growth rate and brought the country out of the previous government's legacy of double-digit inflation.
however, the bjp was left embarrassed by its first speaker at the debate, hukumdeo narayan yadav, who repeatedly invoked the late socialist ram manohar lohia without once mentioning any sangh or bjp stalwart.
yadav, a former socialist, hailed modi ---- but for fulfilling lohia's dream by vanquishing the congress.
trinamul member saugata roy described jaitley's speech as the weakest ever, chastising him for rationalising the price rise and pinning his hopes on a good monsoon instead of explaining how the government would meet the challenge.
this government rests on windfall (declining international crude prices) and cesspool (imposing various kinds of tax and cess).
ram vilas paswan, minister for food and public distribution, claimed that most commodities had become cheaper and only the prices of pulses were a problem, which he too attributed to a demand-supply gap.
pawan asked the states to raid hoarders and buy pulses from the centre at cheap rates to help the consumers.
the minister said the centre had for now created a buffer stock for pulses.
paswan also advocated changes to the agriculture produce marketing committee act to facilitate the sale of farmers' produce.
finance minister arunjaitley flanked by niti aayog vice-chairman rajiv kumar and ceo amitabh kant (right) in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti)the niti aayog on wednesday released a strategy paper that seeks to push the growth rate to an average 8 per cent between 2018 and 2023, taking the countrys gross domestic product (gdp) to $4 trillion by 2023.
the think tank, which replaced the nehruvian-era planning commission that produced five-year plan documents, has proposed raising the share of taxes to 22 per cent of gdp and investment to 36 per cent of gdp.
the niti document  strategy for new india @ 75  was prepared after consultations with over 800 stakeholders, including central, state and district-level officials.
however, it lacked the indepth input and reasoning provided by the plan documents.
historically we have squandered several opportunities.
critics, however, said the document remained sketchy and provided little insights into how the goals would be achieved.
niti has proposed many suggestions on taxes such as rationalise corporate tax and personal income tax, ease the tax compliance burden and eliminate direct interface between taxpayers and officials using technology.
it said demonetisation and the new gst would help push the ratio of tax to gdp to 22 from 16.
8.
the document made a detailed exposition across 41 crucial areas that recognises the progress already made, identifies binding constraints and suggests the way forward to achieve the clearly stated objectives.
among other things, the paper speaks of enhancing technological innovation through incentives.
bond rulesmumbai, sept.
27: the finance ministry hopes that exposure of fpis to domestic bond markets will rise from 65 per cent of their permissible ceiling of $51 billion.
the government expects the decision to allow fpis to invest in unlisted firms and securitised receipts will boost their exposure to corporate bond market, ajay tyagi, additional secretary (investments) in the finance ministry, said.
cil buybacknew delhi, sept.
27: the share buyback programme worth rs 3,650 crore of coal india will open next week on october 3.
sbi capital markets is the manager to the offer that closes on october 18.
trade forecastgeneva, sept.
27: the wto has for the third time cut its global trade growth forecast for this year to 1.
7 per cent, stating this slowdown is serious and should serve as a wake-up call for nations.
bad assetsmumbai, sept.
steel pleanew delhi, sept.
27: the indian steel association today urged the centre to extend the minimum import price on 66 steel items for six months.
nov.
4: the centre and states today could not reach a consensus on the dual control of taxation rights and sharing of taxes in the gst regime.
while it is important to have cross-empowerment with defined jurisdictions .
.
.
it is an extremely contentious issue .
.
.
central bureaucrats, who were unwilling to accept non-bjp states' views, are unlikely to be present at the november 20 meeting, which will be attended only by ministers.
because of today's deadlock, the next round of meetings slated for november 9-10 has been deferred by two weeks.
a comprehensive meeting will now take place on november 24-25.
interests of states, small businesses and the issue of federalism are what played out today, bengal finance minister amit mitra, a leading voice from a non-bjp state, said.
two issues rocked the meeting today - how to divide the tax jurisdiction and states' share of service tax.
it was earlier suggested that businesses with a turnover of less than rs 1.
5 crore should be handled by the state taxation department, while those above rs 1.
5 crore will be handled by the central tax administration.
however, a majority of states - barring three bjp ruled states - sought a different method of jurisdiction.
the empowered committee on gst headed by mitra had sought to cross empower business worth more than rs 1.
5 crore.
under this formula, states will continue to deal in goods that used to come under vat and excise duty under a certain threshold, while service tax will remain under central domain.
what we proposed was that 5 per cent of the assessees will be audited and the information be shared between the states and the centre.
under the alternative method proposed by a majority of states, even banks would be subjected to state jurisdiction on the assessment of taxes.
within this method, one formula was even more extreme.
in this scenario, assessees will be divided into different strata such as up to rs 5 crore, rs 5-10 crore.
these strata would then be randomly divided vertically according to a certain percentage.
building a consensus on dual control of tax jurisdiction is very important.
states now want better control over service tax.
they argued that they were earlier led to believe that service tax collections would be quite low.
however, later inputs indicated that service tax would be a far larger source of revenue.
this made states seek a better control on jurisdiction.
we cannot have two sets of assessing authorities dealing with the same business.
if the central officers assess a business, that assessment will be accepted by the states and visa versa, said jaitley.
the finance minister said he hoped to resolve the issue at the november 20 meeting and felt that it would not pose a problem for the gst council.
finance minister arunjaitley with reserve bank governor urjit patel (left) and sebi chairman u.k. sinha in mumbai on thursday.
(pti) mumbai, oct.
13: finance minister arunjaitley today expressed concern over the rising protectionist tendencies in western countries, particularly in the us, but hoped that the world's largest economy would adopt a business-as-usual approach after the election.
i believe that there are trends today which on the surface indicate that the world, at least a part of the developed world, is moving towards protectionism.
however, he added that just like post-brexit britain, which wants to remain an open economy, such threats in the us would also die down after the election.
my own experience has been that some statements made during the elections get over subsequently under the burden of governance.
the tenor of the debate is protectionist during the elections and after that you get back to business as usual.
so we have to keep our fingers crossed this time and hope that free trade returns back to the table once the heat of the elections are over, he said.
jaitley said the centre would continue to take measures to boost economic activities and investment flows and the reforms would neutralise any adverse impact of the global slowdown.
rbi governor urjit patel today said global political events such as brexit, forthcoming us elections and political realignments in europe might pose some risks for the brics group of nations and affect their policies.
potential unconventional sources such as black swan type of events like the brexit vote, the us presidential elections and the political realignment in europe have blipped on our (brics) radars and will affect our policies going forward, he said.
new delhi, july 10: finance minister arunjaitley today proposed an outlay of rs 100 crore to revive a grand but controversial plan to link a few large rivers that some hydrologists believe could help india overcome a looming water scarcity.
scientists said the plan would allow water to be geographically distributed more equitably.
the union water resources ministrys national water development agency had released a plan in 2003 to set up over 30 links between rivers across india  a brahmaputra-ganga link, a ganga-damodar-subarnarekha link, a narmada-tapi link and a godavari-krishna link among others.
indias rivers play a key role in irrigation and cultivation and serve as a source of drinking water.
an effort to link the rivers can give rich dividends to the country.
the atal bihari vajpee-led nda government had about a decade ago initiated discussions on the proposal to interlink rivers.
in an analysis of the proposal to interlink rivers published earlier this year in the journal environmental law reporter, abhimanyu george jain from the national law university, india, and armin rosecranz from stanford university said the opposition to the project from some state governments was a big hurdle to its implementation.
jaitley today also proposed rs 2,037 crore for an integrated ganga conservation mission called namami ganga.
a research paper by scientists at the physical research laboratory (prl), ahmedabad, had estimated that the interlinking project would generate an extra 174 cubic kilometres of water each year.
a bjp supporter distributes leaflets in guwahati on wednesday ahead of modis rally on saturday.
picture by ub photos imphal/guwahati, feb.
5: the manipur pcc has shrugged off the scheduled visit by bjps prime ministerial candidate narendra modi to imphal to campaign for the party, as an exercise in futility.
modi, who is also the gujarat chief minister, will arrive in imphal, the first leg of his northeast tour, on february 8.
he will address a bjp rally at langjing achouba ground, 5km west of imphal city, before leaving for guwahati for another round of rally the same day.
narendra modi or his namo chai will not have any impact in manipur during the lok sabha elections.
it is an exercise in futility, deputy chief minister and pcc president gaikhangam told the telegraph.
the bjp leaders in manipur are working overtime to make the visit a success by gathering largest ever crowd in an election rally in manipur.
the bjp is constructing two huge gates to welcome the bjp leader along the route from tulihal airport to the rally venue.
the party faces twin hurdles in making the rally a success.
the first is the boycott of the visit by some muslim organisations, accusing modi of being anti-minority.
the manipur unit of jamiat-ulema-i-hind and muslim social workers union had already announced the boycott.
another organisation, the united minority and students federation of northeast, today announced its decision to boycott modi during his manipur visit.
another threat is a general strike called by the united revolutionary front, a militant group, on the day of the visit to boycott modi.
the outfit alleged that the bjp was one of the national parties that suppressed the people of manipur.
modi is coming with a new hope for a new manipur.
all the progressive people of the state should welcome modi to make manipur participate in a change for the better, r.k. ranjan singh, a bjp leader said.
singh said the very fact that modi had chosen imphal to kick off his northeast campaign was enough proof that he has taken a very keen interest in the development of the state.
bjp leaders are concerned that if the general strike called by the militant group becomes effective, the turnout at the rally may not reach their expectations because of lack of transport facilities.
people have faith and trust in the congress.
they have seen that the progress made during the past one decade under the leadership of okram ibobi singh was much faster than that made by the state since it attained statehood in 1972.
we do not have to work extra for the election, gaikhangam said.
he expressed confidence that the congress could retain both the lok sabha seats in manipur.
bjp procession bjp members in guwahati today distributed around 4,000 cups of tea and leaflets during a procession organised as part of their programme to invite people to modis rally on saturday.
todays procession, initiated by the party councillor of gmc, bijuli kalita, began from jyoti nagar and covered around 30km.
we distributed cups of tea and leaflets to invite people of the city to modis programme, kalita said.
massive arrangements are being made for the rally to be held here at khanapara ground.
the rally will be used to launch the partys lok sabha campaign in the state, which has 14 seats of which the bjp has four.
assam chief minister tarun gogoi responded to the modi rally by stating that he, too, would hold a rally on empowerment of youth and women here on february 16.
we will respond through votes.
gogoi said modi was trying to project himself as a one-man show.
senior leaders such as l.k. advani, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley have become insignificant.
such dictatorial attitude is not good.
he (modi) can do anything to capture power, he said.
tdp lawmaker ashok gajapathi raju arrives in parliament on thursday.
pti photonew delhi, mar.
8 (pti): ashok gajapathi raju and y.s. chowdary, the two tdp ministers in the bjp-led nda government, submitted their resignations to prime minister narendra modi on thursday evening.
raju later told reporters that the telugu desam party would continue to be part of the ruling national democratic alliance at the centre.
their resignations followed tdp chief and andhra pradesh chief minister n. chandrababu naidus announcement on wednesday night that tdp ministers would quit the government led by the bharatiya janata party in protest against its refusal to grant special category status to the state.
andhra pradesh and its ruling tdp party have been pressing for special category status for the state to compensate for the loss of revenues after the state of telangana was carved out of it in 2014.
chowdary, who was union minister of state for science and technology, said the issue of special category status was very emotive for the state but the centre did not address it and added that even the special package was not adequate.
he, however, said it would be unfair to say that the centre had done nothing for the state.
earlier in the day, chowdary had said he and raju, the civil aviation minister, would continue to work as parliamentarians for andhra pradesh.
chowdary likened the move to a divorce.
tdp's y.s. chowdary at his office on parliament on thursday.
pti photowe will be happy when marriages happen, not when divorces happen.
it is not a good move, but unfortunately due to unavoidable circumstances we had to take this move.
we are stepping down as ministers, but our president has said we will be continuing as part of nda, chowdary told reporters.
naidu's announcement followed union finance minister arunjaitley statement said the centre can't offer special status to andhra pradesh, but would offer a special package with equivalent funding.
the beauty of democracy, he said, was to bring unanimity and make everyone happy and this was the bjp's responsibility.
the tdp has 16 members in the lok sabha.
asked about congress president rahul gandhi's offer of giving special status to andhra pradesh if the party came to power, he said it was a hypothetical situation.
according to raju, the division was done unscientifically, this is told today by even those who did it.
and it needs corrective action.
that is what we are requesting now.
konagalla narayana, another tdp lawmaker, said naidu waited for four years and the decision to withdraw the party's ministers showed that he had lost patience.
the chief felt that during a fight for special status, it is not right to have our members in their cabinet.
so he took this decision.
.
.
now if they don't act, this agitation will be intensified, narayana said.
rahul gandhi: fired the first salvo.
picture: ptinew delhi, nov.
jaitley mentioned only the congress-led united progressive alliance government and his bharatiya janata partys national democratic alliance that ended two terms of the upa, and not anyone in particular.
arun jaitley: ahem, remember ease of doing corruption?
picture: prem singhbut his comment, made on twitter, came shortly after congress vice-president rahul gandhi's jibe at him over a world bank report released yesterday that shows india has improved its global ranking by 30 notches on its ease of doing business index.
rahul had taken pot shots at the finance minister saying people knew the reality of the 'ease of doing business' but the improvement in survey rankings was a good thought to keep dr arunjaitley happy.
rahul has been referring to arunjaitley as a doctor whose medicines are not working.
rahuls tweeted his comment in hindi.
jaitley retorted, on twitter: the difference between the upa and nda - 'the ease of doing corruption has been replaced by the ease of doing business'.
on tuesday, the world bank released a report showing that india has improved its rank by 30 notches to 100th position in the ease of doing business index.
everyone knows the reality of 'ease of doing business', but it is a good thought to keep oneself happy 'dr jaitley', rahul had said.
(this report updated at 5pm.
jaitley: seeking action indore, oct.
22 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley today called on the private sector to loosen its purse strings to make most of the demand uptick that will follow a good monsoon and softer rates because of controlled inflation.
jaitley's comment comes at a time private investment is seen to be lagging that of the government.
countering comments by hinduja group co-chairman gopichand hinduja that the pace of growth was slow, he said he wanted to remind him that normally, the industry is ahead of the government, but we are at that moment where private sector is a little behind the government.
jaitley said a lot of foreign capital was coming into the country because of the slowdown in several parts of the world.
this year, as a result of a good monsoon, we have surplus foodgrain production which will improve domestic demand and inflation is in check.
a controlled inflation means moderation of interest rates also.
the cost of capital reduces.
with these advantages, we have an opportunity ahead of us, he said.
the finance minister cited global oil and commodity prices as an advantage for india since the country was a buyer.
<> according to arunjaitley , india has been able to maintain a respectable level of growth even when the world was facing significant economic challenges.
therefore, while public investment pace has picked up, we are waiting for your (private sector) pace to pick up.
if that pace were to pick up, probably you will have more engines to spur growth in india, he said.
additionally, the resources which we have saved, we are able to invest in a large manner both in infrastructure and rural economy.
that's an advantage but there are challenges too.
the global slowdown hurts us, particularly in matters of international trade, he said.
jaitley also pointed out that a decisive government at the centre has made decision-making easier.
with a decisive prime minister in narendra modi, there is clarity as far as direction is concerned and therefore, india is trying with its renewed confidence to fight adversity and gain an advantage which has so far eluded us.
various industrial revolutions bypassed us, he said.
backing up, he referred to the transformation of madhya pradesh from a bimaru state just 13 years ago to an industrial hub, which reflects aspirational desire.
.
.
.
once the gst rolls out and india becomes one market and facilitate seamless transfer of goods and services, madhya pradesh will become the supply hub, arunjaitley hoped.
electronics and it minister ravi shankar prasad said the government is involved in path-breaking reforms and is promoting digital connectivity and make in india.
in the past one year, as many as 40 mobile manufacturing facilities have been set up in the state, one new mobile manufacturing factory will soon come up, and two electronic clusters have been approved, prasad said.
speaking at the summit, hinduja said with a good and dynamic prime minister, the time is right for india to attract funds for development.
prime minister has full fire in his belly, he has changed the face of india.
but i would also like to admit that his team has to catch up with speed.
unfortunately, the speed is not going in the same pace what he likes to see.
hinduja added: otherwise, his vision and dream could have been achieved much faster.
.
.
we should agree that the culture can not be changed overnight, it takes time.
but overall, we are on right track.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday fell back on the bjps favourite pakistan bogey to sweep aside rahul gandhis latest attack over the rafale deal and accused the congress president of trying to wriggle out of a corner on the issue of national security.
the government has been rattled by the rafale deal returning to haunt it, overshadowing the national security plank the bjp has been riding on in the aftermath of the air strikes in pakistans balakot.
the congress party has, in the last few days through statements of its senior leaders cornered itself in a difficult situation.
they are getting high trps on pakistan television.
the motivation was collateral, to shift the focus (from national security).
jaitley sought to rubbish rahuls demand for a criminal investigation against the prime minister in connection with the rafale deal by claiming that the congress leaders facts were completely wrong.
the government has repeatedly made its position clear.
the supreme court has spoken on it.
no dynast can claim that he is above the supreme court or the cag and that their verdicts and findings dont apply to them, the finance minister added.
sidestepping the rafale deal, arunjaitley focused on attacking the opposition for questioning the pact.
he brushed aside questions being raised by some family members of the crpf soldiers killed in the pulwama attack, saying it was not the fundamental issue.
the fundamental issue is that india tried to strike at the root of terror through the surgical strike and the air strikes and i think our effort has been successful.
why do some people have a problem with this?
jaitley asked.
the entire country is supporting the governments decision, the army and air forces valour and we shouldnt weaken and deflect it by raising petty issues, he added.
later, law minister ravi shankar prasad targeted rahul over his meeting with g20 envoys on wednesday.
what did he tell them as far as the pulwama terror attack and the air strikes by india are concerned?
did he convey to them the view of the country and the government or the congresss view?
he asked.
new delhi, aug.
2: finance minister arunjaitley today circulated fresh amendments to the gst constitutional amendment bill, which seeks to scrap a 1 per cent inter-state levy and provides for a compulsory five-year compensation to states for revenue losses as well as a dispute redressal mechanism to be set up by the gst council.
the changes circulated to the members of the rajya sabha will be debated tomorrow in the upper house and are expected to satisfy both the congress, which had sought scrapping of the levy and a standing dispute redressal mechanism, as well as other opposition parties, which had expressed concern about compensation.
the congress's demand for a cap of 18 per cent on the gst tax rate will be met through a subordinate legislation at a later date, said officials.
called the amendments to the constitution (one hundred and twenty-second amendment) bill, 2014, the set of changes proposes to delete clause 18 of the original bill that had promised to compensate manufacturing states for revenue losses with 1 per cent additional duty for a period of two years or more.
it also brings in changes in clause 19 of the bill dealing with compensation to states and says the states will be compensated for a period of five years or more towards the losses they may suffer because of the shift to the new regime.
to give it a greater specificity, the amendment now says parliament by law shall compensate states as opposed to the earlier choice of the word may.
jaitley's changes also amend clause 12, which deals with dispute resolution between and among the centre and states.
the goods and services tax council shall establish a mechanism to adjudicate any dispute between a) the government of india and one or more states, or b) between the government of india and any state or states on one side and one or more states on the other side; or c) between two or more states, arising out of the recommendations of the council or implementation thereof.
the congress had demanded a standing appellate authority headed by a serving or retired supreme court judge to adjudicate on such cases.
the bill seems to concede as much without spelling out the terms of the authority.
the terms and conditions will be decided by the gst council, where the centre and states are both represented, officials said.
the amendments also clarify that the state's share of gst will not form part of the consolidated fund of india.
the amount apportioned to a state shall not form part of the consolidated fund of india, the amendment said.
the government is keen to get the gst bill approved during this session of parliament, which ends on august 12.
though the bill was passed by the lok sabha in may 2015, it would have to go back to the lower house to ratify the changes made in the rajya sabha.
the gst legislation, which intends to convert 29 states into a single market through a new indirect tax regime,which replaces a host of taxes such as vat, sales tax and octroi, was supposed to be introduced from april 1 this year.
however, the legislation to roll out the bill remained in limbo in the rajya sabha.
new delhi, may 8: defence minister a.k. antony today said indias armed forces were being equipped to fight multiple wars at the same time because of a new perception that threats in the neighbourhood were assuming a new dimension.
the scenario is fast changing and we are also changing our strategy.
we have told our armed forces to prepare themselves in the new changing scenario.
those preparations are going on, antony said in his reply to a discussion on defence preparedness in the rajya sabha that began yesterday.
the defence budget has to be increased in the light of the threat perception, he said.
although antony did not say it in parliament, ministry sources said the threat of a pakistan-china axis in the event of hostilities had got magnified because of the strategic changes foreseen around india.
chief among these is the scheduled withdrawal of us-led forces from afghanistan and the possibility that the taliban and pakistan-inspired elements will engineer a blowback after 2014.
the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, arunjaitley , had quizzed antony on the capabilities of the military in the scenario of a two- front war.
antony said that to prepare for such threats, the armed forces would have to be equipped, for which even this years defence allocation of rs 193,000 crore was not enough.
he said the budget was short of expectations by rs 45,716 crore.
antony said the defence budget was 1.
9 per cent of the gdp but the armed forces wanted it to be 2.
39 per cent of the gdp.
the ministry is likely to ask for supplementary grants for new acquisitions worth rs 45,000 crore.
antony also referred to the call by pakistan army chief ashfaq parvez kayani for demilitarisation in siachen but said the indian position would remain unchanged.
pakistan must authenticate the actual ground position line, he said.
india will induct the nuclear-powered submarine ins arihant in the first half of 2013, antony said.
he said the navy was indigenising its platforms rapidly, which is borne out by the fact that 44 of 48 ships and submarines, for which orders have been placed, are being built in india.
the army will see massive capacity-building in the next few years.
eight advanced landing grounds (alg) have been cleared by the government with one alg already operational.
a new offensive (strike) corps for the china frontier is being raised with two specialised divisions for high-altitude operations, with special focus on arunachal pradesh.
antony said the china-pakistan relationship was a cause of serious worry.
he said india was conscious of the emerging changes and added that the country was aware of the military infrastructure china was building in tibet.
speaking on china, antony said that left to itself, india wanted friendly relations and so dialogue would continue but on the other hand, it would strengthen capabilities.
we are living in a very volatile and dangerous neighbourhood.
nobody can predict the situation.
what will happen in afghanistan and in pakistan, nobody knows; what is the political future of some countries in our neighbourhood, nobody knows, he said, painting what appeared to be a grim geopolitical picture of indias neighbourhood.
tatra probe antony said he had given the clearance for a cbi probe into the tatra controversy on february 15, weeks before a media interview with the army chief was published on march 26.
in the interview, general v.k. singh had alleged that he was offered a bribe of rs 14 crore.
finance minister arunjaitley with philip hammond, british chancellor of the exchequer, in new delhi on tuesday.
picture by ramakant kushwaha new delhi, april 4: discussions have started with the uk for a free trade agreement that will take effect when the island nation exits the european union.
britain will be working for the time when it leaves the eu and work towards a future fta with india, one of its key investment and trading partners, british chancellor of the exchequer philip hammond said after a three-and-a-half-hour marathon meeting with his counterpart finance minister arun jaitley.
the two nations will do a joint trade review which will identify steps to strengthen the trade relationship in the years leading to brexit.
we have had a candid discussion on trade, investment.
.
.
it is clear to us that post-brexit, they are looking at more trade, more arrangements for trade, said jaitley.
the indian finance minister, however, made it clear that the terms of the agreement would be known only after the uk leaves the eu.
what shape it is going to take can only be formalised post-brexit negotiation.
the flurry of initiatives was in sharp contrast to the inertia that had crept into india-british ties after british prime minister theresa may's visit in november.
may had then refused to give equal treatment with china on visa access and fees even as she tried to engage in preliminary trade talks.
prime minister narendra modi had then pointedly stressed the importance of the freedom of movement for the country's skilled workers along with better trade ties.
the two sides today also agreed to contribute 120 million in a 500-million joint corpus under india's umbrella national investment and infrastructure fund.
officials said new delhi was interested in an fta as well as a revised bilateral investment treaty.
a deal with india, will be a signal that britain is really getting something out of the post-brexit arrangement.
for, us it will be a signal to the eu of how frustrated we are with their nine years of dalliance over an fta with us, said indian officials.
sources claimed that both the indian and the british sides have set up working groups on the possible contours of such a trade pact in anticipation of brexit, though neither are willing to talk too much about this ahead of any formal negotiations.
indians want a deal on goods and services to come first and carry it forward to investments.
trade between india and the uk stood at $14 billion in 2015-16 against $14.
33 billion in 2014-15, and analysts believe this can be easily ratcheted up to $30 billion by 2020.
two-way trade between india and the eu in contrast dipped to $88.
4 billion in 2015-16 from $98.
5 billion in the previous fiscal.
talks on an fta with eu have got stuck on demands that india should reduce import duties on vehicles, wines and spirits and on india's demands for greater access to its infotech and knowledge processing companies.
india's textile and garment sectors are extremely keen on a trade pact with the uk.
these sectors are india's biggest forex earners after software and gems and jewellery.
india has been getting a raw deal in garment trade vis-a-vis its main competitors - bangladesh, cambodia, vietnam and pakistan - which have the advantage of either preferential agreements or quotas.
indian export of garments to europe on the other hand attracts a 9.
6 per cent duty, making such products uncompetitive.
new delhi is also keen on deals to ease the export of software as well as the movement of it and healthcare professionals.
britain will be imposing a set of new visa restrictions that will affect indian along with other non-eu countries from april 6, including an immigration skills charge of 1000 per year, higher salary thresholds and a health surcharge.
sources said these irritants were discussed, but no official statement was issued as britain had promised to see a way through it.
as a concession, britain has reduced threshold salary levels for long-term it worker visa holders from 155,000 to 120,000 a year, though it has raised the threshold salary levels for short term it work visas to  41,500.
the two sides today pledged to combat cross border tax evasion, enhance co-operation in financial services and boost investments by encouraging indian companies to raise funds through masala bonds.
both sides have also agreed to explore the possibility of regulatory cooperation agreement between the financial conduct authority (fca) of the uk and the reserve bank of india in the april-june quarter of 2017.
subhashish mohantymore moolah for statebhubaneswar: odisha is likely to receive an additional rs 5,314 crore compared to last fiscal from the centre towards net proceeds from taxes and duties.
this is almost 17 per cent higher in terms of revenue earnings from the state.
sources said in 2018-19, odisha is likely to get rs 36,585 crore against rs 31,272 crore in 2017-18.
finance minister arunjaitley indicated this in his budget speech in parliament on thursday.
the state will also get adequate support in centrally-sponsored schemes though debate is still on whether farmers in odisha would get their rightful share following budget provision to increase the minimum support price (msp) of all crops, including paddy by 1.
5 times.
the reason behind state's suspicion is that while its farmers spend nearly rs 2,340 on production of one quintal of paddy, the centre maintains that in odisha the amount is only rs 1,327 per quintal of paddy.
however, the odisha government has contested the centre's claim.
if the centre sticks to its stand, a farmer will get rs 1,993 per quintal of paddy.
but the state's demand is that farmers here should get rs 2,930 per quintal of paddy.
besides the msp controversy, the state is likely to benefit by getting more funds under several central schemes such as green revolution, white revolution and blue revolution as the respective allocations have been hiked by 24 per cent, 36 per cent and 113 per cent, respectively.
odisha is expected to get its due share from the pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana as the centre has hiked the allocation by 27 per cent under the scheme.
the centre also plans to set up a new science city in odisha to popularise science.
in order to fight left-wing extremism, the centre plans to give special central assistance in advance to the tune of rs 28.
57 crore per district for three years for undertaking various infrastructure development programmes such as buildings schools, anganwadi centres, primary health centres, drinking water supply and meet the critical gaps of emergent nature.
it will also get funds under the crime and criminal tracking network and systems.
the budget has also issued token money under the indian strategic petroleum reserve for construction of caverns in chandikhole and construction of gas trunk pipelines in bhubaneswar and cuttack under jagdishpur-haldia and bokaro-dhamra natural gas pipeline.
odisha is also set to get more gas connections under ujjwala scheme.
though the odisha government had demanded an allocation of rs 6,500 crore in the 2018-19 railway budget for the development of railways in the state, it has not yet been known about the quantum and kind of assistance the centre will give.
it will be known on february 5 when the demand for railways will be taken up in parliament, an official said.
the government is hopeful that funds will be allocated funds for ongoing balangir-titlagarh road, sambalpur- hirakud, balangir-deogaon, boinda-rairakhol and sambalpur and a few other railway projects.
new delhi, june 28: the union cabinet today approved the recommendations of the seventh pay commission for higher allowances, including hra, in a move that would benefit 48 lakh central employees and defence personnel.
the revised rates will be effective from july 1, 2017.
other elements of the pay commission report had come into force from january 2016 but not allowances, which had been referred to a panel for review after the hike left employees dissatisfied.
the financial impact of the revised allowances will be around rs 30,748 crore a year.
the realisation of the amount (for the staff) may be a bit less this year since we have reached july, finance minister arunjaitley said.
the 2017-18 financial year began in april.
the revisions will cost the centre rs 1,448 crore over and above the sum based on the pay panel's suggestions.
the allowance review committee submitted its report in april this year.
the centre ended 43 of them.
the house rent allowance (hra) - the most significant as it constitutes 60 per cent of all allowances of an employee's pay - has been increased by more than what was recommended by the pay panel, headed by justice (retd) a.k. mathur.
the revised hra will be paid at the rate of 8 per cent, 16 per cent and 24 per cent of the new basic pay.
the rate varies depending on the category of cities based on population: below 5 lakh, 5 to 50 lakh and 50 lakh and above.
the current da rate is 5 per cent.
the hra rate will be increased to 9, 18 and 27 per cent once the da crosses over 25 per cent of basic pay.
it will be hiked to 10, 20 and 30 per cent after the da crosses 50 per cent of basic pay.
the pay panel had originally recommended an increase in hra only when da crosses 50 per cent.
but we have decided to increase hra when da crosses 25 per cent.
the base hra will not be less than rs 5,400, rs 3,600 and rs 1,800 in the three categories of cities, calculated at the minimum basic pay of rs 18,000.
but k.k.n. kutty, president of the confederation of central government employees and workers, expressed disappointment.
they have already delayed the implementation of allowances by one-and-a-half years.
the government has actually taken away more than what it plans to give in a year by delaying the implementation.
the pay panel report had suggested a basic pay hike of 14.
27 per cent, the lowest in decades.
jaitley (left) and thakurnew delhi, oct.
21 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley today sought minimal judicial intervention in arbitrations for early dispute resolution, a view chief justice of india t.s. thakur countered by saying such interferences no longer exist.
at a conference on strengthening arbitration and enforcement in india, president pranab mukherjee said courts should devise a mechanism to handle arbitration separately and avoid delays arising from intervention.
speaking before mukherjee, the finance minister said contracts should be respected and judicial interference in adjudicating them should be minimal or non-existent.
the chief justice, however, sought to counter the perception of judicial interference in arbitration.
there is, in some quarters, a perception that courts in this country interfere with arbitral awards more than courts in other jurisdictions do.
i take this opportunity to point out that this perception should no longer persist in view of some path-breaking pronouncements towards making india an arbitration-friendly destination, justice thakur said.
in his speech, arunjaitley had pressed for expeditious arbitration, especially in view of the increase in foreign investments and the need to develop a mechanism to deal with commercial disputes with minimal judicial interference.
we need arbitration with speed, we need arbitration with modest cost.
we need to recognise the principle that arbitration being a domestic redressal mode chosen by the contracting parties, contracts should be respected and therefore judicial intervention to be either minimal or virtually non-existent, he said.
our special correspondentnew delhi: the narendra modi government finally has something to crow about with moody's investors service, the new york-based global credit rating agency, upgrading its rating on india's sovereign bonds for the first time in nearly 14 years.
the agency said it was lifting india's rating to baa2 from baa3 and changing its rating outlook to stable from positive as it reckoned that the risks to the credit profile were broadly balanced.
baa3 is the lowest rating in the investment grade - just a notch above junk bond or speculative status.
moody's expressed its belief that continued progress on economic and institutional reforms would enhance the country's high growth potential.
it expressed faith in the pace of changes, including the introduction of the gst, demonetisation, measures to tackle bad loans and the attempt to push the envelope on aadhaar - all of which have drawn fire from opponents of the government.
this is the first ratings upgrade for india by moody's since january 2004.
india is now on a par with italy and philippines and a notch above indonesia.
we welcome this upgrade, finance minister arunjaitley said.
we believe that it is a belated recognition of all the positive steps which have been taken in india in the last few years.
the ratings upgrade could reduce the cost of overseas borrowings for indian companies by as much as a quarter percentage point.
stocks surged and the rupee hardened as the markets reacted with exuberance.
growth forecastmoody's forecast real gdp growth this year at 6.
7 per cent - broadly in line with the projections made by the imf and the rbi - and expected it to rise to 7.
5 per cent next year.
india's growth potential is significantly higher than most baa-rated sovereigns, it added.
indian railways.
source: shutterstocknew delhi, feb.
48 lakh crore for the indian railways in his budget 2018 speech.
over rs 1.
he proposed a target of doubling 18,000 km of lines and said gauge conversion is underway to eliminate capacity constraints.
the minister said 36,000 km of rail track renewal has been targeted in the coming year while 4,267 unmanned railway crossings on broad gauge routes are to be eliminated in the next two years.
new world-class train sets are being manufactured, dedicated freight corridors are coming up and electrification being taken up as a priority task for which indian railways is expected to explore other avenues to raise funds, the finance minister said.
wifi and cctvs will be progressively provided in all trains and there will be escalators at stations with 25,000 plus footfall.
the minister also pointed out that 600 stations have been earmarked for modernisation by the railways.
the focus will also be on a suburban rail network in mumbai and bangalore.
pm narendra modi, bjp president amit shah, rajnath singh and lk advani at the bjp parliamentary party meeting at parliament house in new delhi on friday.
picture by prem singhnew delhi, feb.
9 (pti): prime minister narendra modi on friday asked bhartiya janata party lawmakers to take welfare schemes announced in union budget 2018 to the masses, saying that popularising them would help the party win polls, according to leaders present at the meeting.
the success of the members of parliament is linked to the party's performance, the prime minister told the bjp parliamentary party meeting, the leaders said.
party president amit shah also spoke at the meeting and blamed congress chief rahul gandhi's undemocratic politics for his party members heckling the prime minister during his speech in the lok sabha on wednesday.
modi said the budget was especially positive for farmers and the poor, and cited the health insurance scheme for 10 crore families, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar told reporters.
modi asked mps to inform the masses about various pro people features of the budget.
pm narendra modi at parliament house in new delhi on friday.
picture by prem singhthe prime minister also asked the gathering to hold meetings at booths to take various welfare schemes announced in the budget to people and run intensive campaigns to propagate them, kumar said.
some leaders present in the meeting later said the prime minister underlined the importance of popularising these schemes for winning elections and told them that their win was linked to the party's victory.
he asked them to hold mock parliaments in various places to discuss the budget and praised finance minister arun jaitley's reply in the lok sabha during a discussion on it.
modi also heaped praise on shah for his maiden speech in the rajya sabha.
coal quality test calcutta, april 18: a rating exercise of coal quality under a central government directive and finalised by the coal controller organisation based on analysis by academic institutions has revealed grade slippage in 40.
76 per cent of the sidings compared with declared grade in 2016-17.
samples were used from 871 sidings at 386 mines.
coal india, however, said in a bse filing that actual realisation will be based on third party assessment and impact on revenue can only be assessed over a period of time.
rbi move mumbai, april 18: the rbi today permitted banks to invest up to 10 per cent of the unit capital of an real estate investment trust (reits) or infrastructure investment trusts (invits).
the banks' exposure to reits/invits will be within the overall ceiling of 20 per cent of the net worth permitted for direct investments in shares and bonds.
farm gdp mumbai, april 18: a normal monsoon season, as projected by the met department could help the agricultural gdp grow 3-4 per cent this year, a tad lower than last year's, says a report.
e-wallet new delhi, april 18: sebi may allow investors to buy mutual funds worth up to rs 50,000 through digital wallets to make it easier for investors to purchase these instruments, especially by the young generation.
royalty new delhi, april 18: a surge in royalty outflow has prompted the government to set up an inter-ministerial group to analyse payment norms and see whether there is excessive payout by indian companies to foreign collaborators.
farm loan mumbai, april 18: farm loan waivers can lead to a spike in delinquencies on tractor loans as such write-offs disrupts credit discipline among farmers, warns a report by fitch.
jaitley new delhi, april 18: finance minister arunjaitley will leave tomorrow on a five-day visit to the us to participate in the spring meetings of the world bank and imf as well as deliberations of g20 nations.
new delhi, oct.
21: finance minister arunjaitley today called banks' mounting bad loans the next big challenge for the country and said banks should sit up and enforce their right to recover dues.
he also made a case for a change in the prevention of corruption act 1988 to distinguish between corrupt and erroneous decisions of bankers while extending loans.
jaitley said, we are now coming to a stage when a lot of effective steps, both legislative and in terms of policy, have been taken.
he said banks would have to enforce their rights in the larger interest of the economy.
if money is blocked with one particular section, the capacity to lend to others is adversely affected.
as far as policy action in certain sectors is concerned, that is done.
.
.
empowerment of banks by virtue of legislation and rbi guidelines have been done.
a long rope has been given to people to improve and sort matters out.
i think the stage is now set for banks to take effective action so that people realise that you cannot indefinitely hold on to public money because bank money is also public money, the minister said.
gross non-performing assets (npa) of public sector banks have jumped to 9.
32 per cent of total advances (rs 4.
76 lakh crore) in 2015-16 from 5.
43 per cent (rs 2.
67 lakh crore) a year ago.
card fraud the government today asked affected banks and the rbi to submit a report on the nature of the security breach in the debit card fraud case.
i have sought a report in the debit card issue.
according to the national payments corporation of india, fraudsters have duped 641 customers across 19 banks of rs 1.
3 crore by using stolen debit card data.
the breach reportedly involved 90 atms. secretary in the department of economic affairs shaktikanta das said a report has been sought on all aspects.
there is no cause for alarm, the integrity of it system of banks is robust and whatever action is required, the government will take promptly, he said.
these hackings are done through computers and a trail can easily be reached.
after getting the report, perhaps it will also be discussed at the fsdc meeting to review the matter, das said.
finance minister arunjaitley with minister of state santosh gangwar and financial services secretary anjuly chib duggal in new delhi on friday.
(pti) new delhi, sept.
he also held out the prospect that a revival in the economy and fortunes of borrowers would enable banks to de-provision some of the non-performing assets (npas) and make it possible for them to expand lending.
gross npa of public sector banks have surged from 5.
43 per cent (rs 2.
67 lakh crore) in 2014-15 to 9.
32 per cent (rs 4.
76 lakh crore) in 2015-16.
one of the challenges which the banks did mention that they are facing.
.
.
to find alternative promoters or buyers.
he also expressed the hope that once the situation improves banks will be able to cut rates further.
the minister added that the reserve bank will take into account the decline in retail inflation while deciding on interest rates at its policy review meeting on october 4.
the government has earmarked rs 70,000 crore in capital infusion over the next four years.
it has already allocated rs 22,915 crore to 13 banks toward capital infusion this fiscal and is ready to put in more as it expects significant earnings from spectrum auctions and divestment receipts.
however, ratings agency fitch estimates that rs 6 lakh crore in capital will be needed for indian banks to meet basel iii banking rules due to be implemented by march 2019.
fitch says 11 indian banks may fail to meet those norms.
a senior government official, said after the briefing that the government disagreed with fitch's analysis and estimated that the banks would need far less support over time.
the npa situation is certainly not either static or permanent, because a very large bulk of it is provisioning, said jaitley.
therefore, the moment that you see the revival of a sector, a lot of the provisioning itself would get deprovisioned, and the account itself would get upgraded.
steel balance sheets have started turning and they have started paying interest.
however, unless they pay the entire interest due, they cannot be reclassified, he said.
highways picking up and the steps taken by the government in construction will add a lot of liquidity to those accounts, he said when asked about infrastructure.
the banks are investigating whether account holders have put in the money or business correspondents have.
after that the banks will give their report to the department of financial services.
mudra on the mudra scheme, the finance minister said that rs 86,000 crore has already been disbursed this year against the target of rs 1,80,000 crore.
small savingsmumbai, july 7: the rbi today notified interest rates for different small savings schemes for the quarter-ending september.
the interest rates have been retained as they were for the previous april-june quarter.
interest rates for small savings schemes such as public provident fund scheme and kisan vikas patra are notified on a quarterly basis.
interest rate on savings deposit is 4 per cent, while for five-year recurring deposit schemes it is 7.
4 per cent.
for five-year senior citizens savings schemes the rate is 8.
6 per cent.
hydropowernew delhi, july 7: finance minister arunjaitley is slated to hold a review meeting tomorrow to discuss the steps to boost hydropower production in the country and the impediments to the growth of the sector, union power minister piyush goyal said here at infocom 2016, an abp initiative.
the share of hydropower in total energy mix has fallen consistently to 15 per cent from 51 per cent in 1962-63.
lupin facilitymumbai, july 7: drug major lupin has received an establishment inspection report from the us food and drug administration for its goa facility regarding an inspection done by the drug regulator in july last year.
selloff receiptsnew delhi, feb.
4: finance minister arunjaitley has exuded confidence that receipts from psu disinvestment will touch rs 45,000 crore in 2016-17.
about rs 30,000 crore have been raised through minority share sale by way of offer-for-sale, share buyback and cpse exchange traded funds, so far in this fiscal.
forex kittymumbai, feb.
4: the country's foreign exchange reserves rose $782.
7 million to $361.
56 billion in the week to january 27, helped by a rise in foreign currency assets (fcas) - a major component of the overall reserves - at $339.
21 billion.
gold reserves remained unchanged at $18.
58 million.
oriental banknew delhi, feb.
4: oriental bank of commerce's net loss for the december-quarter narrowed to rs 130 crore from rs 424.
70 crore a year ago.
total income has increased to rs 5,415.
97 crore from rs 5,350.
48 crore a year ago.
new delhi, oct.
9: india is worried that low and negative interest rates and rising bad loans in the banking system could pose a risk to global financial stability.
disorderly deleveraging of private debt could also impact growth.
a sub-prime crisis has hit europe's largest bank - deutsche bank - which is a year older than the german state itself and reeling under an unprecedented 6.
8-billion-euro loss last year.
insurance on deutsche credit defaults has spiked to levels not seen since the financial crisis.
covering a deutsche credit of 100,000 euros now costs 2,420 euros annually - up from 589 euros in march 2015.
analysts believe that though this may not be of the magnitude of the 2008 banking crash on wall street, any major problems for deutsche bank could impact banks throughout europe and the us.
at the same time, the european and the japanese central banks are continuing to pump in money into their economy at low rates to reverse the economic slowdown.
this excess cash is resulting in inflation spikes elsewhere, leading to economic problems.
banks in india and china have also reported a rise in bad loans, though analysts believe these can be controlled with better provisioning and supervision.
warning that growing populism and isolationism can lead to further deterioration of global trade, arunjaitley advocated multilateral efforts to boost trade to support global growth.
the emerging market and developing economies have performed better than the advanced economies, with india registering robust growth.
however, the outlook remains uneven and generally weaker than in the past because of challenging macroeconomic conditions arising from weak global demand and difficulties faced in the wake of adjusting to lower commodity revenues, he said.
our special correspondentamit shah in bangalore on thursday.
(pti)bangalore: bjp national chief amit shah on thursday called for uprooting the ruling congress from karnataka as he kicked off a party campaign for change ahead of next year's assembly elections due sometime in april.
shah accused the karnataka government of being corrupt and anti-people but his focus soon turned to tipu sultan's birth anniversary celebrations and chief minister p.c. siddaramaiah whom he held responsible for spending public money on the november 10 event.
karnataka celebrated its formation day (karnataka rajyotsava) yesterday (wednesday), but siddaramaiah was not too keen on making anything grand about it because he is more keen on celebrating tipu jayanti on november 10 as part of his vote-bank politics, shah told a rally to launch his party's nava karnataka nirmana parivartana yatra.
the bjp has been vehemently against the state-funded event in memory of the 18th-century ruler of mysore.
shah also accused siddaramaiah of shielding tainted ministers, saying a media study had termed the karnataka government the most corrupt.
shah sought to nip any potential dissent from some sulking party leaders, making it clear that b.s. yeddyurappa, a former chief minister, would be the bjp's candidate for the job.
leaders such as k.s. eshwarappa and jagadish shettar were among those who had objected to the leadership's decision to go with yeddyurappa but have already been warned by shah and told to toe the party line.
our future chief minister yeddyurappa will travel to all the constituencies and root out this corrupt and anti-people government that has not been passing on the central funds meant for overall development, shah said, using the words future chief minister a couple of times.
the 75-day yatra, which yeddyurappa would spearhead, will crisscross all the 224 assembly constituencies in the state.
union ministers rajnath singh and arunjaitley and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath are among those expected to take part in the yatra at different places.
shah's accusations triggered a slanging match as siddaramaiah slammed the bjp in a series of tweets.
in one tweet he described the bjp's tour as their way of doing penance for the sins of their past.
interesting that #parivartanyatra should be led by @bsybjp and inaugurated by @amitshah - both of whom went to jail on criminal charges, said another.
the allusions were to shah's arrest in a fake encounter case in 2010 and yeddyurappa's indictment and arrest in a land scam the next year.
the bjp government headed by yeddyurappa had been embroiled in a massive mining scam and several land scams.
state congress working president dinesh gundu rao said no senior bjp leader was present at wednesday's rajyotsava (state formation day) events.
they always pick on tipu jayanti because they have nothing else to talk about, he said, adding the bjp's tour was intended at spread(ing) their lies.
soon after the bjp rally, yeddyurappa set off on the 6,000km tour in a custom-built  rath costing about rs 90 lakh.
the specially fitted minibus has a built-in podium, public address system, a lounge fitted with a tv and wi-fi facility, a pantry and a small toilet.
the tour is scheduled to culminate in bangalore on january 28 with an address by prime minister narendra modi.
new delhi, sept.
30 (pti): the bjp today called for a two-year cooling-off period for retiring judges before they are appointed to tribunals and commissions, saying pre-retirement judgments were often influenced by the desire for post-retirement jobs.
even though there is a retirement age.
.
.
the judges are unwilling to retire, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arunjaitley said at a conference of lawyers organised by the partys legal cell.
pre-retirement judgments are influenced by a desire for a post-retirement job, he said, without naming anyone.
batting for judicial reforms, the bjp leader said he had no hesitation in supporting an increase in the tenure of judges.
but this clamour for post-retirement jobs is adversely affecting impartiality of the judiciary, he said.
bjp chief nitin gadkari recommended a cooling-off period for judges.
i say this with a lot of responsibility that even before they retire, it is decided for supreme court and high court judges as to which commission they will go and join, he said.
my suggestion is that for two years after retirement, there should be a gap (before appointment), because otherwise the government can directly or indirectly influence the courts and the dream to have a independent, impartial and fair judiciary in the country would never actualise.
reacting to jaitleys statements, congress spokesperson manish tewari said rather than cast aspersions by insinuation, he should have the conviction of saying certain things squarely, if he knows them to be true.
being a former law minister, arunjaitley should know that certain statutory bodies can only be headed by serving and retired judges, he said.
a man holds up a poster of gujarat chief minister narendra modi during the rally at gandhi maidan in patna on saturday.
picture by deepak kumar patna, feb.
5: the bharatiya janata party (bjp) used its workers meet  the first such function after the assembly elections  today to step up its tirade against the congress-led upa government on the issue of price rise and corruption.
senior leaders, including bjp national president nitin gadkari, leader of the opposi-tion in the rajya sabha arunjaitley , bihar affairs in-charge ananth kumar, actor-turned-mp shatrughan sinha and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, lavished praises on the workers for their hard work which ensured landslide victory for the party in particular and the nda in general in the october polls.
the bjp won 91 of 102 seats it contested, a strike rate of almost 90 per cent.
the workers, numbering around 20,000 and drawn from all across the state, were overwhelmed by the affection showered by their top leaders.
the speakers at the meet chose to use the platform to attack prime minister manmohan singh and the congress for their failure to check corruption and spiralling prices of essential commodities in the country.
the saffron party leaders unanimously suggested the installation of the nda government at the centre in 2014 as the eventual remedy to end corruption and check price rise.
the congress is presiding over the plunder of the wealth of the nation.
lalu prasad presided over the same in bihar, gadkari said, adding, the government has been a mute spectator to a series of scandals unearthed during its regime.
even countries like germany and peru have withdrawn their money deposited in swiss banks.
but the congress-led government is not ready to even take up the responsibility on these counts.
arun arunjaitley joined the party president in attacking the centre.
the upas policy is virtually a conspiracy against the people it is governing.
the bjp leaders showcased the nitish kumar-led nda rule in the state as a model and prelude to return to power at the centre in the 2014 general elections.
the assembly poll results in bihar have proved that the likes of lalu prasad and ram vilas paswan have lost their wherewithal to fight against the nda.
congress general secretary rahul gandhi, who projected himself as the youth icon prior to the assembly polls, too, has fallen silent after the bihar poll results.
this is an ideal setting for the bjp workers to gear up for the final onslaught to replace the congress by the nda in 2014, party spokesman ravishankar prasad said.
sushil kumar modi and shahnawaz hussain, another bjp spokesman, described the performance of the party in the bihar assembly polls as the apt example to support the contention that the bjp was no longer a party of a particular section.
rather it has become the favourite party of all the sections of the society.
be it the muslims or the hindus or various caste groups, all came together and vote for the bjp, shahnawaz said.
chief minister nitish kumar recently snubbed the bjp for its programme to unfurl the tricolour at lal chowk in srinagar, describing it as irrelevant.
but what might appear to be a positive hint for the chief minister is the fact that speaker after speaker at the bjp workers meet praised him for ushering in an era of change in bihar.
bihar is changing under nitish kumars rule.
its gdp has gone up to 11 per cent.
the government is in the process of setting up power plants and other industries, gadkari said.
jairam ramesh new delhi, dec.
19: finance minister arunjaitley today faced questions on the gujarat government's shifting stance on the goods and services tax (gst), with congress leader jairam ramesh wondering whether the state's resistance during the upa years was merely political.
the gst was first proposed by (the) atal bihari vajpayee (government).
the upa tried to build a national consensus on it but because of the attitude of the gujarat government, the gst could not come.
i wonder what has changed now other than the fact that the gujarat chief minister has become the prime minister.
were the objections of gujarat merely political?
ramesh said in the rajya sabha.
jaitely, who has termed the gst the single most important tax reform since independence, chose to treat ramesh's poser as a political query.
i can give a political response to a political query raised by jairam ramesh.
states now have more confidence because we are gracious to them.
the congress mp was speaking during a debate on the appropriation bill - which seeks withdrawal of money over and above the budget allotments - when most members asked questions on the gst after a bill on the levy was tabled in the lok sabha.
this was the first time the rajya sabha functioned this week, after four fruitless days of furore and disruptions over the conversion row.
jaitely said his government would not push through the gst bill in the current winter session - which ends on tuesday - but send it to the standing committee for further examination and discussion.
allaying fears of some states about a possible dip in revenues, jaitely said he had met the finance ministers of all states in small groups and had detailed discussions on the new tax.
but trinamul's derek o' brien contested the assertion, claiming all 29 states had not been consulted and flagging the compensation to be paid by the centre during the transition phase as the main worry.
we are not against the gst, all we ask for is adequate compensation for states.
it is not enough to meet two or three finance ministers.
jaitely denied the claim and argued that o'brien was confused about the issue.
one great advantage of having a quizmaster in the house is that he can convert everything into a puzzle, the finance minister said.
the trinamul leader, a quizmaster and a party spokesperson, laughed off the issue.
the following are excerpts from part b (tax proposals) of arunjaitley budget speech.
in the interim budget 2014-15, my predecessor had set revenue collection targets for direct taxes as well as indirect taxes, which appear to be ambitious.
i propose to retain these targets and it shall be my endeavour to achieve the same.
while preparing the tax proposals, i had to encounter the challenge of an extremely limited fiscal space.
nonetheless, i propose to introduce measures to revive the economy.
direct taxes i do not propose to make any change in the tax rate.
however, with a view to provide relief to small and marginal taxpayers and senior citizens, i propose to increase personal income tax exemption limit by rs 50,000.
the education cess for all taxpayers shall continue at 3 per cent.
home high housing continues to be an area of concern for the middle and lower middle class due to high cost of financing.
therefore, to reduce this burden, i propose to increase the deduction limit on account of interest on loan in respect of self occupied house property from rs 1.
5 lakh to rs 2 lakh.
manufacturing this sector has multiplier effect on creation of jobs.
considering the need to incentivise smaller entrepreneurs, i propose to provide investment allowance at the rate of 15 per cent to a manufacturing company that invests more than rs 25 crore in any year in new plant and machinery.
this benefit will be available for three years i.
e.
for investments upto 31.
03.
2017.
power play supply of power continues to be a major area of concern for the country.
therefore, instead of annual extensions, i propose to extend the 10-year tax holiday to the undertakings which begin generation, distribution and transmission of power by 31.
03.
2017.
dividend dollop the concessional rate of tax at 15 per cent on dividends received by indian companies from their foreign subsidiaries has resulted in enhanced repatriation of funds from abroad.
i propose to continue with this concessional rate of 15 per cent on foreign dividends without any sunset date.
this will ensure stability of taxation policy.
mutual funds in the case of mutual funds, other than equity oriented funds, the capital gains arising on transfer of units held for more than a year is taxed at a concessional rate of 10  whereas direct investments in banks and other debt instruments attract a higher rate of tax.
this allows tax arbitrage opportunity.
with a view to remove this, i propose to increase the rate of tax on long term capital gains from 10 per cent to 20 per cent on transfer of units of such funds.
dividend tax onus in 2003, the tax liability on income by way of dividends was shifted from the shareholder to the company.
the shareholder was required to pay tax on the gross dividends, but now the company pays tax on the dividend amount net of taxes.
in the case of mutual fund, income distribution tax is paid on the income distributed net of taxes.
i propose to remove this anomaly both in the case of the company and the mutual fund.
dtc waits the direct taxes code bill, 2010 has lapsed with the dissolution of the 15th lok sabha.
the government will also review the dtc in its present shape and take a view in the whole matter.
add them up the focus of any tax administration is to broaden the tax base.
our policy thrust is to adopt non-intrusive methods to achieve this objective.
in this direction, i propose to make greater use of information technology techniques.
the net effect of the direct tax proposals is revenue loss of rs 22,200 crore.
indirect taxes customs manufacturing sector is under stress due to a variety of reasons.
to boost domestic manufacture as also to address the issue of inverted duties, i propose to reduce the basic customs duty (bcd) on: fatty acids, crude palm stearin, rbd and other palm stearin, specified industrial grade crude oils from 7.
5 per cent to nil for manufacture of soaps and oleo-chemicals; crude glycerine from 12.
5 per cent to 7.
5 per cent and crude glycerine used in the manufacture of soaps from 12.
5 per cent to nil steel grade limestone and steel grade dolomite from 5 per cent to 2.
5 per cent; battery waste and battery scrap from 10 per cent to 5 per cent; coal tar pitch from 10 per cent to 5 per cent; specified inputs for manufacture of spandex yarn from 5 per cent to nil.
electronics the demand for electronics is growing very fast.
to boost domestic production and reduce our dependence on imports, i intend to take the following steps: impose basic customs duty at 10 per cent on specified telecommunication products that are outside the purview of the information technology agreement; exempt all inputs/components used in the manufacture of personal computers from 4 per cent special additional duty (sad) impose education cess on imported electronic products to provide parity between domestically produced goods and imported goods exempt 4 per cent sad on pvc sheet and ribbon used in smart cards.
tv turn-on cathode ray tvs are used by weaker sections who cannot afford to buy more expensive flat panel tvs.
i propose to exempt colour picture tubes from basic customs duty to make cathode ray tvs cheaper.
at the same time, to encourage production of lcd and led tvs below 19 inches, i propose to reduce the basic customs duty on lcd and led tv panels of below 19 inches from 10 per cent to nil.
steel shield the domestic stainless steel industry is presently suffering from severe under-utilisation of capacity.
i propose to increase the basic customs duty on imported flat-rolled products of stainless steel from 5 per cent to 7.
5 per cent.
coal comfort at present, coal attracts customs duties at different rates.
i propose to rationalise the duty structure on all non-agglomerated coal at 2.
5 per cent basic customs duty and 2 per cent cvd.
henceforth, anthracite coal, bituminous coal, coking coal, steam coal and other coal will attract the same duty.
metallurgical coke is manufactured out of coking coal.
the basic customs duty on metallurgical coke is being increased from nil to 2.
5 per cent in line with the duty on coking coal.
smooth sailing ships imported for breaking up attract basic customs duty at 5 per cent.
as against this, melting scrap of iron or steel attracts basic customs duty at 2.
5 per cent.
i propose to rationalise the duty on ship breaking scrap and melting scrap of iron or steel by reducing the basic customs duty on ships imported for breaking up from 5 per cent to 2.
5 per cent.
diamond dazzle semi-processed, half cut or broken diamonds are presently exempt from basic customs duty.
to prevent misuse and avoid assessment disputes, the duty is being rationalised at 2.
5 per cent.
to encourage exports, pre-forms of precious and semi-precious stones are being fully exempted from basic customs duty.
garments to encourage exports of readymade garments i propose to increase the duty free entitlement for import of trimmings, embellishments and other specified items from 3 per cent to 5 per cent of the value of their exports.
baggage boost the free baggage allowance under the baggage rules was last revised in 2012.
as a measure of passenger facilitation, i propose to increase the free baggage allowance from rs 35,000 to rs 45,000.
excise munch on to incentivise expansion of processing capacity, i propose to reduce the excise duty on specified food processing and packaging machinery from 10 per cent to 6 per cent.
best foot forward as a measure of relief to the footwear industry, most of which are in sme sector, i propose to reduce the excise duty from 12 per cent to 6 per cent on footwear of retail price exceeding rs 500 per pair but not exceeding ` 1,000 per pair.
footwear of retail price up to ` 500 per pair will continue to remain exempted.
hand in glove to encourage sports, i propose to prescribe a concessional excise duty of 2 per cent without cenvat benefit and 6 per cent with cenvat benefit on sports gloves.
smoke alarm i propose to increase the excise duty on cigarettes in the range of 11 per cent to 72 per cent.
similar increases are proposed on cigars, cheroots and cigarillos.
likewise, the excise duty is being increased from 12 per cent to 16 per cent on pan masala, from 50 per cent to 55 per cent on unmanufactured tobacco and from 60 per cent to 70 per cent on gutkha and chewing tobacco.
fizz fear i also propose to levy an additional duty of excise at 5 per cent on aerated waters containing added sugar.
these are healthy measures and i hope everyone would welcome them from the point of view of human and fiscal health.
service tax in recent times, among indirect taxes, service tax has shown the highest rate of growth.
since my overall objective is to prepare the indirect tax regime for a smooth transition to goods and services tax (gst), changes have been kept minimal.
to broaden the tax base in service tax, it is necessary to prune the negative list and exemptions to the extent possible.
online ads accordingly, the negative list has been reviewed and service tax leviable currently, on sale of space or time for advertisements in broadcast media, is being extended to cover such sales on other segments like online and mobile advertising.
sale of space for advertisements in print media however would remain excluded from service tax.
cab call similarly, tax is being proposed on the service provided by radio-taxis to place them on par with rent-a-cab service.
certain exemptions are being withdrawn, including those extended to services by ac contract carriages.
travel & tourism to encourage growth in the transport of goods through coastal vessels, the tax incidence is being reduced.
in response to the request of the tourism sector, services provided by indian tour operators to foreign tourists in relation to a tour wholly conducted outside india is being taken out of the tax net.
health services since taxes should not come in the way of safe disposal of medical and clinical wastes, services provided by common bio-medical waste treatment facilities are being exempted.
add them up my tax proposals on the indirect taxes side are estimated to yield rs 7,525 crore.
new delhi, june 22: the union cabinet today approved the guidelines for the auction of spectrum and its base price, clearing the decks for the biggest such exercise that is expected to fetch about rs 5.
66 lakh crore to the exchequer.
however, a decision on the controversial spectrum use charges was deferred, and the matter will soon be referred to trai for a second opinion.
according to sources, the notice inviting application to participate in the auction, is likely to be issued by july 1, followed by a pre-bid conference on july 6.
the bidding is expected to start from september 1.
however, this timeline was not confirmed today.
the government has finalised all issues relating to the auction of radiowaves.
this is going to be the biggest auction in the history of india, finance minister arunjaitley said.
the appetite for the telecom sector is big, said telecom minister ravi shankar prasad.
the government is set to sell more than 2,300mhz of airwaves in seven bands, including the expensive 700 mhz band.
the other bands on sale are 800mhz, 900mhz, 1,800mhz, 2,100mhz, 2,300mhz and 2,500mhz.
companies winning spectrum in the higher frequency bands - above 1ghz such as 1800mhz, 2100mhz, 2300mhz - will have to make 50 per cent upfront payment and the rest in 10 years after a two-year moratorium.
for spectrum below 1ghz band such as 700mhz, 800mhz, 900mhz, companies will only have to pay 25 per cent upfront, with the similar payment terms for the rest of the sum.
textiles package the government today approved a rs 6,000-crore special package for the ailing textiles and apparel sector to help the producers compete in the global market against lower-cost countries such as bangladesh, cambodia and vietnam.
the package has set a target of $11 billion investment to create a crore of jobs in three years and generate $30 billion exports.
the measures approved include additional incentives for duty drawback scheme for garments, flexibility in labour laws to increase productivity as well as tax and production incentives for job creation in garment manufacturing.
over the last few years, apparel manufacturing had shifted to countries such as china, which had cost advantages.
however, china's cost advantage has been neutralised to some extent because of an increase in labour wages.
we have advantages of economies of scale.
therefore, it was decided to take steps to give a boost to the sector, he said.
we will overtake vietnam and bangladesh in garment exports within next three years if we properly implement the package, textiles secretary rashmi verma said.
industry associations welcomed the initiatives for the sector that has huge potential for job creation.
some, however, said that support for r&d was missing.
new delhi, april 11: the congress today posted an article on atal bihari vajpayee on its website to appeal to voters to reject narendra modi, inviting ridicule from the bjp.
the article  entitled can you hand over the countrys future in the hands of a leader whom former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee did not consider fit to be chief minister?
attacks the bjp for sidelining the legacy of vajpayee, its leader of unmatched stature, and embracing modi.
the article revisits the 2002 gujarat riots and points out how vajpayee wanted modi removed as gujarat chief minister to restore the bjps credibility.
some people wanted to remove him.
i was of the same opinion, the article quotes vajpayee as having said and adds that expelled bjp leader jaswant singh confirmed the statement.
the bjp was quick to ridicule the congress for forgetting its own leaders in apparent desperation after three rounds of elections confirmed a wave in favour of that party.
congress has forgotten their leaders  nehru, indira and others.
in the morning, they remember advani and evening vajpayee.
soon they will start remembering rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arunjaitley , narendra modi and then others in bjp, former bjp chief venkaiah naidu said.
naidu termed it desperation after three rounds of elections showed the bjp much ahead of others.
congress and the third front put together will not be close enough, he said.
the article, with a picture of vajpayee on red background, points out how people close to him  such as niece karuna shukla and jaswant  were being edged out of the party and those opposed to him  such as subramanian swamy  were being given important positions.
the bjp might forget shri atal bihari vajpayee.
but every indian must ponder over the questions he raised on the man who is now the bjps prime ministerial candidate, the article says.
it points out how vajpayee wrote several letters to modi asking him to do everything necessary for the riot victims and alleged that the chief minister chose to ignore it.
it is evident that shri vajpayee believed that the gujarat cm had not only been inept but downright partisan in his handling of the riots.
the article coincided with the congress approaching the poll panel on modis marital status, alleging he had broken the law by not disclosing details about his wife earlier.
we have given a plea to the election commission.
in his affidavit, narendra informed that he is married.
prior to that, none of his affidavits mention this.
it is, hence, proven those affidavits were wrong, kapil sibal, who moved the poll panel, said.
modi poems sixty-seven poems by modi on subjects as diverse as patriotism, love, nature, friendship and progress will be published in english but in none does he speak about politics or his family.
a journey: poems by narendra modi is translated from gujarati by author ravi mantha.
in the books foreword, modi writes that his poems are screams of thoughts that he has witnessed, experienced and sometimes imagined.
i dont consider my poetry to be extraordinary literary creation.
these are screams of thoughts, like a spring of fresh water.
of things i have witnessed, experienced and sometimes imagined, he says.
according to mantha, modi has touched on subjects like patriotism, love, longing, love of nature, friendship and progress.
none of the poems is related to politics or speaks of politics, mantha told pti.
he has not talked about his family in any poem but his friends find a mention.
mantha found a poem about modis friend ramesh parekh, who passed away some years ago, most touching.
it is about his deep sense of loss at losing a friend, he said.
the book will hit the bookstores around april 20.
senior bjp leader l.k. advani at an election campaign in nagaon on wednesday.
picture by ub photos guwahati, april 6: the bjp today invoked social activist anna hazares fast unto death in new delhi, to corner the corrupt congress in assam ahead of the second phase of the assembly elections on april 11.
senior party leader and leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, arunjaitley , today said hazares protest could not be wished away as assam, too, had allegedly fallen victim to widespread corruption.
even apolitical organisations had been protesting the trend which had struck deep roots in the state.
jaitley said corruption in the congress was alarming people across the country, including assam and hazares movement showed how people had lost faith in the congress-led government.
the accountability norms of the upa government at the centre have weakened substantially and the political leadership was indifferent to corruption.
as a result, a large number of people outside the ambit of politics are fighting against corruption.
the senior bjp leader will campaign for party candidates in bhawanipur and sarukhetri constituencies in lower assam tomorrow.
the bjp contested in all the 62 constituencies in the first phase and the party has fielded 58 candidates for the second phase.
jaitley demanded that the centre should not consider hazares protest as a political adversity and take it as a legitimate concern against corruption.
they (central government) must understand the message behind the popular movement against corruption and assam is also a victim of corruption.
the government must enter into a dialogue and talk with all including political parties about their proposal regarding the lok pal bill, he said.
jaitley lambasted the congress-led government in assam and claimed that the people here were also displeased with the corrupt state government.
he said if the bjp came to power in assam, it would initiate a thorough probe into all corruption cases and those found guilty of looting public money would not be spared.
those who looted public money will be held accountable within a time frame.
the bjp, on the contrary, did not take action against their leaders, allegedly found involved in scams and corruption in the states ruled by the bjp and its allies, a state congress leader said here today.
jaitley, the main strategist of the bjp for the assembly election, said: the bjp always believes that the country needs an independent ombudsman to take action against corruption.
but the upa government and the congress party should not take the fast by a non-political person (hazare) as politically motivated.
jaitley said the bjp candidates had received huge support from voters in the first phase and that the party would do well in the second phase too.
the congress, retorting to bjps continuous attack on the ruling party over the issue of corruption and said a probe had been initiated into all the cases of alleged corruption in the state.
who is this gadkari, asked mamata banerjee.
it was the summer of 2009, and banerjee, who was then rail minister, was meeting a delegation from karnataka led by the late ananth kumar.
it was time to elect a new bjp president and gadkari had emerged a strong contender.
kumar, an informed member of the bjp hierarchy, patiently explained to banerjee that nitin gadkari was a well-known leader of maharashtra and a successful public works department (pwd) minister there.
banerjee didnt seem convinced.
she said, why him, when there are such senior and capable leaders like rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley?
kumar smiled, but didnt reply.
only days later gadkari was anointed bjp president, replacing rajnath singh.
gadkari, a nagpur boy, had practically grown up in a shakha; he was rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bhagwats pick.
apart from the fact that he met bhagwats desire for a generation change in the bjp  he was 52 at the time  gadkari was viewed as not flashy or individualistic, good qualities in the sangh ethic.
now, a decade on, gadkari has craftily tip-toed to the position the sangh has probably always been nudging him towards  as the man who will be a credible alternative to narendra modi as the prime ministerial candidate should the bjp fall short of numbers and need to desperately rebuild the nda in its bid to retain power.
the modi-shah duo has ruffled feathers, not merely in the ranks of allies but within the bjp as well; nobody in the bjp will say it openly but the modi-shah dictatorial diarchy hasnt gone down well with party rank and hierarchy.
should the two fail to manage the magic tally, gadkari could well emerge as a more acceptable consensus leader of a newly-constituted nda.
gadkari is far from an unknown entity; on the contrary, he is consciously teasing himself into the centrestage.
some of his recent comments, clearly a taunt to pm modi and his worldview, have prompted the whole country to take notice of the lumbering tortoise from nagpur and ask  who is this gadkari?
in the span of the last month and a little more, gadkari has showered wholesome praise on jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi, counselled party members should speak less, and conceded that unemployment is a major problem facing the country.
none of this could have been music to modis ears.
when bjp workers heckled delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal at the launch of a campaign to clean the yamuna, they earned a rap from the senior leader.
gadkari has gone on to clarify that some of his statements had been twisted, but thats just smart politics, no more.
kishore tiwari, who is considered close to the rss and knows gadkari well, tells the telegraph, i would be surprised if gadkari has said these things without thinking about the consequences within and outside the party.
tiwari is the chairperson of vasantrao naik sheti swavalamban mission, a task force of the maharashtra government for crop loans in the farmer suicide-prone marathwada and vidarbha regions, and holds a ministerial rank.
he recently wrote a letter to bhagwat and the rss general secretary, suresh bhaiyyaji joshi, asking them to get rid of arrogant leaders and name gadkari as the prime ministerial candidate ahead of the 2019 elections.
tiwari says that in doing so he was merely reflecting the views of bjp cadres who were too scared to speak up.
over phone from amravati in maharashtra, tiwari said: it was a confidential letter.
but it was leaked to the press by the rss brass in nagpur.
i was critical of modi and amit shah for their autocratic ways of functioning and the way they wreaked havoc through their brainless policies.
you are free to interpret as to why the rss leaked the letter.
of the sharper salvos gadkari has fired on the modi dispensation recently is that government and party bosses should own up to failures and defeats just as they grab credit for success.
his exact words were: if i am the party president and my mps and mlas are not doing well, then who is responsible?
i am.
former union minister and member of the bjp, sangh priya gautam, tells the telegraph over phone from bulandshahr that he is aghast at the partys remorselessness after the electoral losses in madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh.
it is the bjps history to hold introspection meetings after every defeat to know the reasons and make amends.
it was the sanghs idea to do that.
i am not aware of any such meeting so far.
i think gadkari has a reason if he says leadership should take responsibility for the defeat.
gautam recently wrote an open letter to senior bjp functionaries with recommendations that included elevating gadkari to the post of deputy prime minister.
and could it be mere coincidence that calls have begun to be made for a prime minister from maharashtra?
among those who have appeared to endorse this is maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis himself.
but apart from the fact that he is dyed-in-the-wool saffron and not spewing or enabling socio-political toxicity, what else is there that makes gadkari a viable alternative to modi?
he is the only central minister who is popular with the public and even the party people, says gautam.
according to bal kulkarni, a nagpur-based political analyst and former editor of several marathi dailies, gadkari has modelled himself on sharad pawar  he displays no rough edges, he has cultivated friends across party and ideological lines and, critically, has very strong links with the corporate world.
that, translated, means moneybags.
he is himself a successful entrepreneur and once ran the controversial purti group, which had interests in several sectors from real estate to power to sugar.
his many quirks are common knowledge  how he likes to employ cheesy hindi film dialogues; how he had to have a bariatric surgery because he used to be obese; his enduring and foregrounded weakness for the maharashtrian snack, bhel.
but while once upon a time, people may have laughed at him for these, it is possible that the same things now make him appear more human, even endearing, especially compared to the carefully spin-doctored 56-inch chest persona.
there is, of course, no discounting his political savvy.
gadkari couldnt have arrived where he has from relative political obscurity in the time that he has.
from the very start of his career as partyman in maharashtra, gadkari has known that navigating upwards in the bjp would be no easy thing; his 2009-13 stint as party president only confirmed that to him.
if maharashtra was tricky, delhi was downright slippery.
but gadkari has not merely managed his balance, he has continued to push his career as well.
as party president, gadkari, had inducted sanjay joshi, modis bte noire, into the bjps national executive.
while some say gadkari was impressed by joshis hold on party workers, his opponents claim he was brought in to cut modi, who was then chief minister of gujarat, to size.
modi would, of course, hit back later and have joshi humiliated and cast out.
gadkari himself was sidelined for causing affront to rising star modi.
joshi has maintained a low profile since, but gadkari survived that storm and came back to delhi as a minister in the modi government.
says ganesh kanate, a former journalist and somebody who has tracked gadkaris rise, gadkari is uncomfortable with the opponents within his party, but he is unlikely to join a camp or form a group of his own.
the rss, i know for sure, has instructed leaders in the bjp not to disturb him.
apart from being a survivor, and an affable one, gadkari is also said to be the best performing minister in the modi government.
he might have won his first lok sabha election in 2014  from nagpur, where else?
but he cut his teeth as a public servant during his stint in the pwd ministry in the shiv sena-bjp government in the mid-90s.
the 55 flyovers in mumbai and the mumbai-pune expressway built during his tenure are now stuff of legend.
and when he took charge as minister of roads, transport and highways in 2014  he is also minister for shipping and waterways he streamlined processes, ensured that only the deserving got projects with guarantees of on-time delivery, roped in foreign consultants to carry out feasibility studies and suggest changes to existing policies.
the roads ministry claims that the speed of road building is now 40 kilometres a day from a mere 2 kilometres a day during the upa ii regime.
resource mobilisation through the build-operate-transfer scheme has been an innovative mechanism for raising much-needed funds in the road sector, says rajaji meshram, partner at consultancy firm ernst & young and an expert on railways, ports, logistics and other transport infrastructure sectors.
gadkari doesnt mind amending schemes, even his pet ones, when it is obvious that they havent and wont take off.
it was he who introduced the engineering, procurement and construction or epc arrangement, under which the government proffered funds to private companies to initiate new projects.
the epc scheme was an impetus to stalled projects but couldnt be sustained.
before that, the minister had junked public-private partnership in infrastructure projects and replaced it with the build-operate-transfer model.
he has had his share of failed projects  amphibious buses that can ply on roads and sail on water and were supposed to be introduced across india; the sagarmala project that was to link all ports in india; and the shifting deadline of the ganga clean-up project.
says kanate, he may claim that he has done 80 things but only 60 may have come to fruition in reality.
but there are so many that people tend to ignore the ones he has failed in.
he keeps saying mera naam badal dena if such and such thing is not done.
he doesnt succeed every time but his strike rate is very high.
sangha priya gautam points out, modi inaugurates completed projects of gadkari, while he only lays foundation stones for other ministers.
and bal kulkarni, who had earlier compared gadkari to pawar, says, he has proved his mettle.
while sharad pawar spent 25 to 30 years in delhi to establish himself as a leader of some stature, gadkari has earned that in only four-and-a-half years.
he is also not into cow or temple politics.
now it is for him to decide what he does with the stature he has earned.
it is modi or none from the bjp is the line that is being bandied around by the modi-shah establishment within the ruling party.
but tiwari says friends in high places in the rss have told him that gadkari should continue to speak his mind.
he adds, they have assured me that they have a plan in place.
so should gadkari.
theres no gainsaying politics is an unpredictable affair; gadkari may only be counting upon it to be more so in the run-up to 2019.
arun jaitleynew delhi, march 25 (pti): a metropolitan magistrate today put chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aam aadmi party leaders on trial in a criminal defamation case union minister arunjaitley had filed in the delhi cricket association controversy amid chaotic scenes in the courtroom.
jaitley wasn't present, prompting some advocates to get into a heated argument over his non-appearance and on whether the matter should be adjourned.
after one lawyer threatened another counsel inside the courtroom, the five accused - kejriwal, ashutosh, kumar vishwas, sanjay singh and raghav chaddha - who were present said they faced a serious threat and cited the jnu sedition case a year ago when some men in black robes beat up varsity students and journalists.
chief metropolitan magistrate sumit dass then ordered that the courtroom be cleared except for those connected with the case.
a notice was then framed against the accused under ipc section 500 (defamation), to which they pleaded not guilty.
a notice was also framed against another aap leader, deepak vajpai, who was represented by his counsel.
the court later fixed may 20 for the next hearing.
jaitley had filed the complaint alleging the accused had defamed him in the controversy regarding the delhi and district cricket association, which he headed for over a decade.
he has also filed a civil defamation suit before delhi high court, seeking rs 10 crore as damages.
before the court's order today, some defence lawyers sought discharge of the accused citing jaitley's absence at such an important stage.
it's a political case.
there are many people languishing in jail due to the pendency of cases.
.
.
.
let this trial also proceed in the due course and not on a fast-track basis, kejriwal's counsel rahul mehra said.
jaitley's counsel, senior advocate siddharth luthra, said his client had been appearing in the case and there was no need for the complainant's presence for framing of charges.
narendra modi and amit shah patna, oct.
22: bjp president amit shah has followed in prime minister narendra modis steps  of aggressively wooing the backward classes  by appointing rajya sabha mp bhupender yadav (45) as the partys bihar in-charge.
the idea is to grab the votes of the numerically strong yadavs.
bhupender replaces dharmendra pradhan in what is being described as shahs first move enter the backward class bastion of bihars two major leaders  nitish kumar and lalu prasad  who have joined hands to stop the bjps mission to conquer bihar after wins in haryana and maharastra earlier this week.
simultaneously, nitish, too, embarked on a jansampark yatra (people contact march) from west champaran  mahatma gandhis karmabhoomi (land where one worked) and nitishs favourite venue for launching political campaigns  from november 13.
nitishs yatra  that will effectively launch his campaign for the assembly polls next year  will conclude on november 29, jdu spokesman sanjay singh said.
it is pertinent to point out here that narendra modi had harped on his backward class origins during his campaign in champaran.
by referring to dwarka  associated with lord krishna  and going soft on lalu at almost all election rallies he addressed in bihar, he assiduously tried to woo the yadavs  the single largest backward caste and also the core strength of the rjd boss.
by replacing dharmendra, a leader from odisha with little caste appeal in bihar, with bhupender, a yadav from the hindi heartland of rajasthan, shah has stepped up efforts to widen the bjps space among the backward classes, traditionally with the socialist forces lalu and nitish represent.
drubbed in the lok sabha polls, lalu and nitish buried their 20-year-old hostility to forge a grand secular alliance involving the rjd, jdu and congress.
this alliance reversed the lok sabha poll trend in the august by-elections by winning six assembly seats against the bjps four.
apparently, conscious of the united challenge from lalu and nitish, shah has decided to nip it in the bud through bhupender yadav.
state bjp chief mangal pandey and leader of opposition in the state assembly nandkishore yadav have welcomed bhupender yadav in the state.
but the rjds national spokesman, manoj jha, said: whatever tactics the bjp adopts, it is bound to fail in bihar.
the secular forces have sensed the danger of the sangh parivars divisive and anti-poor politics.
the rjd-jdu-congress alliance reversed the electoral trend within three months of the lok sabha polls.
the grand alliance will henceforth keep on trouncing the bjp in the elections to follow.
by replacing dharmendra with bhupender, the bjp has also signalled the end of the old order and beginning of a new one under modi-shahs stewardship.
dharmendra, who was nominated to the rajya sabha from bihar during the nitish-led nda rule in the state, belonged to the old order.
he was the last vestige of the jdu-bjp alliance cemented by l.k. advani and arun jaitley.
bhupender, a supreme court lawyer by profession, is believed to be the chosen hand of the modi-shah team.
sources said even senior party leaders like sushil kumar modi and nandkishore yadav had no inkling about bhupender replacing dharmendra till they received amit shahs notification on tuesday evening.
if lalu and nitish are supposed to counter the challenge posed by the new modi-shah order, bjp leaders like sushil modi and nandkishore too will have to work out their equations in the new background.
our special correspondentnew delhi: congress president rahul gandhi has said finance minister arun jaitley's silence on the punjab national bank (pnb) scam was because of personal reasons.
the unusual reference to family members, which came close on the heels of the crackdown on p. chidambaram's son, marks an uncommon foray that suggests the confrontation between the government and the principal opposition could be entering uncharted territory.
rahul tweeted: it's now revealed that our fm's silence on the pnb scam was to protect his lawyer daughter, who was paid a large retainer by the accused just a month before the scam became public.
when other law firms of the accused have been raided by the cbi, why not hers?
the name of the finance minister's daughter got sucked into the nirav modi-mehul choksi controversy after some news websites considered sympathetic to the bjp tried to pre-empt a report being planned by the news portal, the wire.
the wire later concluded that there was not much substance and it decided not to pursue the article.
but the portal thanked the pro-bjp websites for making uncomfortable details public.
rahul attached to his tweet a report in the wire that explained the sequence of events.
the wire report suggested that the pro-bjp websites harmed arunjaitley in their zeal to safeguard his interests and reproduced the details.
it said: on march 9, reports appeared in two bjp-leaning websites claiming that the wire was planning to publish a story which would try to ensnare finance minister arunjaitley in a new scandal.
.
.
.
the opindia website said: the plan seems to be to link arun jaitley's daughter's legal firm to mehul choksi's geetanjali gems, and thus attack arunjaitley , firing off his daughter's shoulders.
the opindia report said that jaitley's daughter's firm, arunjaitley and bakshi, was engaged by mehul choksi's geetanjali gems ltd in december 2017 on a retainership contract which lasted barely a month.
the contract was annulled and the initial payment was returned the very next month by the law firm after newspapers reported the pnb scam involving choksi's firm.
the wire said: we must congratulate the bjp-friendly website for outing the facts of the case.
we were indeed investigating the story and had done due diligence by sending a questionnaire to the law firm owned by jaitley's daughter and son-in-law, jaiyesh bakshi.
in his reply, bakshi confirmed the retainership received in december 2017, which was returned in january 2018 as reported.
according to the wire, the firm replied: to reiterate the facts, we were retained by m/s gitanjali gems limited in the month of december 2017.
we have rendered no legal service under the retainership agreement since no work was assigned to us.
the wire said that given bakshi's categorical assertion that his firm had not actually undertaken any legal work on behalf of choksi, its initial conclusion was that there wasn't much of a story after all.
a dust-enveloped hill cart road in siliguri during the storm on thursday.
picture by kundan yolmo siliguri, april 14: inclement weather in north bengal brought about by a cyclonic circulation centred in neighbouring bihar today forced prominent leaders like l.k. advani and pranab mukherjee to change their campaign plans.
rain and strong winds have been lashing darjeeling, jalpaiguri and cooch behar districts since this morning and weather experts said the situation would remain the same for the next 24 hours.
this is a period of kal baishaki and rain and thundershower are its characteristics.
however, there has to be an immediate cause for such weather and a cyclonic circulation centred over bihar and adjoining areas are responsible for todays storm.
north bengal and sikkim are under the influence of the cyclone, said indranil sengupta, the assistant meteorological officer at the regional met office in jalpaiguri.
rain and thundershower accompanied by strong winds have been forecast for jalpaiguri and darjeeling districts and sikkim in the next 24 hours.
bjp leaders l.k. advani and nitin gadkari and union finance minister pranab mukherjee could not make it to their respective venues because of the storm.
the weather spoiled the itinerary of the leader of the opposition in rajya sabha, arunjaitley , and cpm politburo member brinda karat also.
both the leaders reached their destinations late by hours .
mukherjee cancelled his appearance at sitai in cooch behar and cut short his speech to 10 minutes at satkura club maidan in jalpaiguri because of the rain.
as the weather was stormy, the congress leader did not take his helicopter and left for alipurduar by road.
jaitley was late by two hours at a bjp meeting scheduled for 1pm at baneshwar in cooch behar.
advanis meeting in falakata-sonarpur of the district had to be cancelled as his chopper did not take off from bagdogra because of the rain.
bjp president gadkari, too, was stuck in bagdogra and had to abandon his chopper ride to buniyadpur in south dinajpur.
he was to have addressed a meeting there around 2.
30pm.
a left front meeting scheduled for 3pm at nagrakata in jalpaiguri district was postponed to 5.
30pm as brinda karat could not make it there in time.
met officials said short spells of heavy rain brought about by convective clouds would last for another 24 hours.
usually, there is an upward flow of wind which causes the formation of convective clouds when a cyclone is formed.
these clouds bring short spells of heavy rain accompanied by wind of 50-60km per hour.
the satellite imagery shows a dense patch of convective clouds over the region.
however, as the cloud movement is from west to east, the stormy weather is likely to prevail for another 24 hours, said sengupta.
j.p. yadavsmriti iraninew delhi: prime minister narendra modi carried out a ministry shuffle on monday evening, divesting smriti irani of the high-profile information and broadcasting ministry and temporarily appointing piyush goyal as finance minister in place of the indisposed arun jaitley.
irani, whose stint was marked by controversy, retains charge of the textile ministry.
her former deputy in the i&b ministry, rajyavardhan rathore, has been given independent charge of the key portfolio.
rathore is from rajasthan, where assembly polls are due later this year.
goyal, the railway minister, will hold additional charge of finance and corporate affairs, filling in for arunjaitley , who underwent a kidney transplant on monday.
the surgery has been successful.
both the donor and the recipient are stable and recovering well, pti quoted a senior aiims official as saying.
bengal chief minister mamata banerjee was among those who wished arunjaitley speedy recovery.
while most saw the snub to irani as the highlight of the shuffle, some suggested that goyal's elevation as stopgap finance minister was more significant.
minister of state alphons kannanthanam has been shunted out of electronics and information technology but continues to hold independent charge of the tourism ministry.
darjeeling mp and minister of state s.s. ahluwalia has been shifted from the drinking water and sanitation ministry to the electronics and information technology ministry.
referring to changes in the finance ministry, a rashtrapati bhavan communiqu said: during the period of indisposition of shri arunjaitley , minister, the portfolios of minister of finance and minister of corporate affairs held by him be temporarily assigned to shri piyush goyal in addition to his existing portfolios.
the sources underscored that when foreign minister sushma swaraj underwent a kidney transplant in december 2016, her ministry did not get a temporary replacement.
piyush goyalgoyal's temporary elevation has come a little over a week after the congress renewed charges that businesses linked to his family had made extraordinary gains.
goyal had contested the charges.
monday's divestment is a big blow to irani, who had earlier been shifted out of the human resource development ministry after a contentious tenure but later made a comeback by gaining the i&b ministry.
an outcry had forced the prime minister to strike down a controversial order issued by irani's ministry that changed the media accreditation rules in the name of cracking down on fake news.
irani's ministry had also got involved in a tussle with prasar bharati over appointments.
among the latest controversies enmeshing irani was the rashtrapati bhavan's expression of displeasure to the prime minister's office at her ministry's mismanagement dragging the president into a dispute over the national film awards.
some 55 awardees had skipped the ceremony this month after learning at the last moment that the president would not be handing over their awards but confining himself to presenting only the biggest 11 prizes.
irani's ministry had suggested it was the president's decision but the rashtrapati bhavan is believed to have been annoyed at the entire responsibility being shifted to the president's office for a decision conveyed three weeks in advance.
new delhi, march 25: the government is reorganising the central board of excise and customs and will be renaming it the central board of indirect taxes & customs (cbic), as part of the run up to usher in the goods & services tax.
the finance ministry said in a tweet that finance minister arunjaitley has approved the reorganisation of the field formations of the cbec for the implementation of gst.
the reorganised body will help the government with inputs for its gst policy, besides being the new all-india indirect tax administration structure, officials said.
the all-india cbic, which in essence would be an expanded version of cbec, will have some 21 zones, 101 gst taxpayer services commissionerates, 15 sub-commissionerates, 768 divisions, 3,969 ranges, 49 audit commissionerates and 50 appeals commissionerates.
the existing formations of central excise and service tax under the cbec have been re-organised to implement and enforce the provisions of the proposed gst laws, officials said.
the renamed directorate general of goods & service tax intelligence is also being expanded to help curb black money generation by traders and factories.
this will ensure taxpayer services to all through an indirect tax administration structure, having a pan-india presence, a finance ministry statement said.
the existing indirect tax training establishment will be renamed national academy of customs, indirect taxes and narcotics and will have an all-india presence, to help train not only central government taxmen but also state officials.
the reorganisation was due as the government had to redefine its offices and reorient its officers to administer a new kind of tax ahead of the launch of the gst by july or september, said subrata sen, a tax consultant.
narendra modi in new delhi, a day after his swearing-in on may 26.
(reuters) new delhi, may 31: prime minister narendra modi will keep his weekends free for party work unless he is required for something more urgent or needs to travel.
party sources said modi, who has been a sangh full-timer and a bjp organisation hand, could not be expected to decouple himself from the party and live in the belief that the bjp and his government were two independent entities.
the first sign of modis continuing engagement with the party came today when he met bjp general secretaries at his race course road residence.
he spent the evening with his core team of rajnath singh, arunjaitley and nitin gadkari, discussing the possible successors to rajnath (as party president) and his erstwhile team of vice-presidents, general secretaries and spokespersons who have turned ministers.
sources said the choice of the next bjp president could be a bellwether of the extent to which modi would continue to control the party.
amit shah seems to have gained a slight lead over his rival, fellow general secretary j.p. nadda, because the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh and a bjp lobby believe he deserves a huge reward for swinging uttar pradesh the partys way.
sources said shahs presence at the helm would assure the cadre that modi was with them, even if by proxy through his most trusted aide, and keep them in a state of perennial enthusiasm.
shah is the inspirational figure we need to win the next slew of elections in maharashtra and haryana and, possibly, in those states where the incumbent governments look shaky, a source said.
nadda owes his rise to former bjp president gadkari, with whom modi has had an iffy relationship and whose hotline to sangh chief mohanrao bhagwat he seems to view with some concern.
therefore, nadda is unlikely to have modis 100 per cent trust, a source said.
tomorrow afternoon, modi and rajnath will visit the bjp headquarters to mingle with staff and officials and felicitate them.
modi has already ensured a bonus equivalent to three months wages for the workers.
taking the cue from modi, several ministers arrived at the bjp office today and distributed boxes of sweets among the employees.
at his interaction with the general secretaries, modi delivered the homilies that other leaders used to invoke when the bjp was down and out and they believed the organisation needed tending.
the centrepiece of his sermon was the bjp karyakarta (worker).
sources quoted modi as telling the general secretaries  who included new ministers ananth kumar, dharmendra pradhan and thawarchand gehlot  that the workers had made immense sacrifices in the run-up to the lok sabha polls.
so, they should be properly looked after and honoured and respected at all times.
modi stressed that the highest priority was close coordination between party and government because without the party, the government was nothing.
the organisations strength is the mightiest, a source quoted modi as saying.
the prime minister added that if the party ever thought the government was veering off the rails, it should promptly bring the flaws to the governments notice instead of letting matters go adrift.
modi emphasised that the government would implement the bjps poll promises because it is important to repeat the 2014 victory in 2019, for which the organisation must be in a state of preparedness.
at least one general secretary, varun gandhi, was effusive about modis lessons.
inspired by motivational message from hoble pm to serve party and nation with renewed vigour, tweeted varun, who had earlier hinted that his victory from sultanpur owed less to the so-called modi wave in uttar pradesh and more to his own charisma and popularity.
sources said modis compulsion to sustain a party-government connect was born out of three factors.
one, his long stint in the party organisation; two, his realisation that if his grip over the party apparatus slackens, it can curtail the turf over which he rules; and three, his understanding that if the cadres mood, surcharged after a decade, dips even a bit it can spell trouble for the party.
a second big test of modis popularity will be the elections in maharashtra, delhi and haryana later this year.
defeats could hurt his ratings within and outside the bjp.
in 2004, when the bjp was voted out of power on the back of the glitzy india shining campaign, many insiders had concluded that the party-government disconnect and the workers invisibility during the ndas tenure had contributed to the defeat.
finance minister arunjaitley on friday seized on the court order in the samjhauta blast case to accuse the congress of vilifying the entire hindu community and asked for an apology, reinforcing efforts led by prime minister narendra modi to focus on polarising issues during the election campaign.
for political gains, the entire hindu community was vilified.
swami aseemanand, kamal chauhan, rajinder chaudhary and lokesh sharma were acquitted on march 20.
to tarnish the image of one community they didnt go after the real culprits and framed a set of people.
all the accused in the case have been acquitted by the court.
now who will take responsibility?
jaitley asked.
the responsibility is clearly on the upa government and the congress, he added.
jaitley asked why the congress was silent on the acquittals.
those who considered hindus as terrorists are now trying to prove their devotion to the religion, he said in an oblique reference to party president rahul gandhis temple visits.
the finance minister also attacked the proposed opposition alliance.
today you have no gathbandhan let alone mahagathbandhan.
it is a non-bandhan.
you have no leader, no programme, no meeting of minds.
stability, which is paramount, is a major casualty.
the only thing in common is negative agenda  remove one man.
it is a recipe for chaos, arunjaitley wrote in a blog.
jaitleys attack on the congress over hindu terror came against the backdrop of modi repeatedly referring to pakistan on the campaign trail and trying to paint the opposition as sympathisers of the enemy country.
the mahamilawati (adulterated) people are competing among themselves to become popular in pakistan, become heroes in pakistan.
they are getting huge media coverage and applause in pakistan.
tell me, does this country need an indian hero or a pakistani hero?
he had told a rally in meerut on thursday.
finance minister arun jaitley.
file picture/ prem singhnew delhi, nov.
7 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday described last years demonetisation as a watershed in indias economic history, claiming that it will provide the next generation with a fair and honest system to live in.
in a 1,843-word blog, 'a year after demonetisation', he said that november 8, 2016, signifies the resolve of this government to cure the country from 'dreaded disease of black money'.
november 8, 2016 would be remembered as a watershed moment in the history of indian economy, he said.
in an overall analysis, it would not be wrong to say that country has moved on to a much cleaner, transparent and honest financial system.
the benefits may not yet be visible to some people, he said, adding that the next generation will view the post- november, 2016 economic development with a great sense of pride as it has provided them a fair and honest system to live in.
the tax administration and other enforcement agencies are using big data analytics to crack down on suspicious transactions, he said.
undisclosed income admitted and detected, taken together, amounts to rs 29,213 crore, which is close to 18 per cent of the amount involved in suspicious transactions, he said.
our bureaunirav modi and others with narendra modi in davos on january 23, 2018new delhi: the narendra modi government turned evasive when a stark question was raised in the rajya sabha on tuesday: was the prime minister's office informed as early as in 2016 about a scam being hatched by a diamond tsar at punjab national bank and, if so, what action had been initiated based on that information?
finance minister arunjaitley did not give a direct answer to the question, the first part of which could have been replied with a simple yes or no.
jaitley is not privy to the goings-on within the pmo and perhaps these questions ought not to have been posed to the finance ministry.
but the pmo isn't answerable to parliament in the way that the ministries are.
however, in reply to another question, arunjaitley did let one cat out of the bag: pnb had got wind of the scam on january 16, 2018.
by then, it was too late to ground nirav modi who had left the country on january 1.
but rapid action could have averted the public relations disaster that left prime minister narendra modi red-faced after featuring in a davos group photo that included nirav.
the diamantaire posed for the photograph with the prime minister and other industrialists in the swiss town on january 23 - exactly a week after pnb, according to jaitley's revelation, detected the matter.
the finance minister also said unauthorised comfort letters were used from march 10, 2011 - which would suggest that the scam originated when the upa was in power and continued undetected for as many as seven years.
the pointed question on whether the pmo was informed in 2016 was asked by k.v.p. ramachandra rao, a congress mp from telangana.
in a written answer, finance minister arunjaitley replied that the department of financial services in the ministry of finance had informed the pmo through an office memorandum dated march 1, 2018 of the action taken regarding the fraudulent issuance of letters of undertaking in pnb.
jaitley went on to say that the cbi had registered two cases relating to the issuance of fraudulent letters of undertaking by pnb and had arrested 18 persons in that connection.
he claimed that based on the first information reports registered by the cbi, the enforcement directorate (ed) had also registered two cases under the prevention of money laundering act, 2012, and had conducted searches at various locations and seized movable properties and attached immovable properties.
rao's question had been prompted by reports that the pmo had been informed about a brewing fraud almost two years before the pnb scam involving diamantaires nirav and mehul choksi actually broke.
bangalore-based hari prasad s.v., a disgruntled former franchisee of gitanjali gems, became a whistleblower after he failed to recover rs 13 crore from choksi's jewellery firm.
in july 2016, he wrote a flurry of letters to the cbi, ed, registrar of companies and the pmo in which he claimed that choksi's firm was involved in siphoning off thousands of crores of indian public money through various subsidiary companies floated in india and fictitious companies abroad.
hari prasad had also enclosed a list of 31 banks that had extended loans valued at almost rs 9,872 crore to the choksi group of companies even though it had meagre assets of just rs 25-30 crore.
he had claimed that this scam would match the scale of the scams involving vijay mallya's kingfisher airlines, ramalinga raju's satyam computers and subrata roy's sahara group.
in reality, the diamond scam has dwarfed them all with pnb now claiming that it has been defrauded of over $2 billion by nirav and maternal uncle choksi's firms.
on tuesday, several legislators raised questions about the fraud and rising bad loans within the banking sector.
however, the government appeared to disclaim all prior knowledge about being warned of a potential scam, and continued to insist that pnb woke up to the fraud only on january 16 this year when the bank was approached with a request to allow buyer's credit for making payments to overseas suppliers.
pnb reported frauds amounting to rs 12,645.
pnb has apprised that as per its preliminary investigation, unauthorised letters of undertaking were being issued from 10.
3.
2011 and the matter was detected when the bank was approached on 16.
1.
2018 with a request to allow buyers' credit for making payment to overseas suppliers.
in a blog on facebook, the bjp leader has also argued that yesterday's results underlined the ideological irrelevance of the left globally.
the political and economic models that they espoused have been widely rejected.
in india, it is their battle for an ideological survival, he says.
extreme positions espoused by a few in the university of jadhavpur and jnu cannot be a mainstream agenda of india.
jaitley notes that while the results have been on expected lines, the congress lost kerala because its government was mired in corruption scams.
it lost assam because its traditional policy of encouraging illegal immigration as a source of vote bank invited popular wrath.
jaitley has also questioned the viability of the alliances the congress struck with the dmk in tamil nadu and the left (informally) in bengal.
in tamil nadu, it was a laggard in the dmk-congress alliance.
its poor strike rate pulled down the dmk alliance, he argues.
he dubs the bengal jote an ideological compromise that proved counter-productive.
jaitley claims the congress has increasingly adopted fringe positions since the 2014 general election, thus pushing itself to the margins.
it didn't behave as a natural party of governance.
its obstructionism (in parliament) was blended with its leaders' 'rent-a-cause' approach, he says, wondering whether the congress would at all remain the bjp's principal challenger in the 2019 lok sabha polls.
will it stand behind a hotchpotch combination of ideologically disparate regional groups?
jaitley wonders about the nature of the surgery that congress leader digvijaya singh has proposed for his party after the state results.
will the congress evolve into a structured party with a galaxy of leaders or will it remain a dynastic party?
new delhi, feb.
16: nitin gadkari today dismissed as laughable manmohan singhs insinuation that the bjp opposed the goods and sales tax (gst) for political reasons, but the suggestion may not be entirely baseless.
the bjp rethought its support to the levy under pressure from narendra modi.
the gujarat chief minister, who swears by economic reforms, was not actually against the shift to the new levy but opposed it because the cbi was going after amit shah, a former minister in his government, in the sohrabuddin sheikh fake encounter case.
modi felt that the bjp leadership in delhi was not doing enough to put pressure on the centre to go easy on shah, who had to resign and was eventually arrested.
shah was chargesheeted and is being tried but is out on bail now.
the bjps initial understanding was that modi was neutral to gst and could, with a little nudge, back the proposal.
but the gst-shah link emerged in a series of government-organised luncheon and tea meetings.
in july 2010, just before parliaments monsoon session, the government intensified efforts to build a consensus to roll out the gst regime.
but the idea was opposed by bjp chief ministers and left-ruled states.
pranab mukherjee, the finance minister and leader of the lok sabha, held talks with opposition leaders over lunch and tea several times and got indications that the bjp leaders would persuade party chief ministers to drop their objections.
but the gst flurry coincided with the heightened pace of investigations in the sohrabuddin case.
the cbi, it appeared, had built a strong case against shah, who was modis minister of state for home and his protege.
the bjps political instinct was to distance itself from shah and project itself as a responsible and law-abiding party.
but modi was miffed with the stance and wanted the leaders to raise the issue in parliament.
for modi, the last straw was the prime ministers lunch invite to l.k. advani, arunjaitley and sushma swaraj on july 23.
they accepted the invite but once the gujarat chief minister made his displeasure known, they spurned it.
sushma had then linked the move to stay away from the luncheon to shah.
the government is bent on using the cbi against its political adversaries.
amit shahs case proves that the government wants to pollute the atmosphere.
we decided against going to the lunch because discussions can only take place in a congenial environment.
the she went on to confirm the shah-gst connection.
on july 19, we lunched with (pranab) mukherjee and had a detailed discussion on gst in a conducive atmosphere.
we (had) looked forward to a similar session with the pm but it seems the government deliberately vitiated the scene.
in august 2010, when bjp chief ministers met in delhi, the gujarat representative pointed out that if gst was implemented, the state would lose around rs 5,000 crore in revenues.
but the bjps central leaders only went as far as rejecting singhs invite to mollify modi.
they did not put themselves out to take up shahs case in parliament.
the gujarat chief minister gradually stopped making a noise about it.
but today, if the prime ministers aim was to raise the gujarat link at his news conference to put the bjp on the defensive, the party didnt appear to bite the bait.
barring gadkari, the rest of the top leaders avoided the issue and chose to focus on singhs answers to the spectrum and commonwealth games scams.
they even came up with a new coinage.
10 janpath ke liye mazboot, desh ke liye majboor (hes a strong prime minister for sonia gandhi but helpless for the country).
having got back from the lacklustre match between argentina and netherlands in the second semi-final match of the fifa world cup 2014, i just watched finance minister arunjaitley maiden budget speech on television in my hotel room in sao paulo.
and i must say i was impressed with what i saw.
i know that some of the economists and my fellow corporate leaders have expressed their disappointment over the lack of any big-bang reforms.
however, considering the new leadership barely had 45 days to prepare the document, i feel the new finance minister has done a commendable job.
what is missing by way of an overarching vision has been compensated by an ample dose of earnestness, credibility and practicality.
to my mind, there were six earnest attempts by the finance minister, and all of those were designed to create more traction and space for growth.
first, the minister has loosened the purse strings to boost public investment, especially in infrastructure; i especially liked the focus on rural roads and highways; this was the game-changer for the nda government between 1999 and 2004 and the refocus after 10 long years is hugely welcome.
a similar focus on real estate financing, low-cost housing, port development and allowing banks to fund infrastructure is equally welcome because of the ability to create jobs and create a cascading effect across user industries.
second, he has treaded carefully on subsidies  no drastic cuts despite calls to bite the bullet; clearly, the leadership wants to show an economic uptick before it produces the bitter pills.
third, the budget was an earnest attempt to resuscitate an investment-starved manufacturing sector by increasing foreign direct investment in defence, and by making it possible for a large number of smes to gain tax benefits from their investments.
the capital subsidy threshold of rs 25 crore should benefit the value chain in our own two-wheeler industry.
fourth, arunjaitley has sought to be realistic about the fiscal deficit target  the finance minister began his speech by referring to the target set by his predecessor as an aspirational target.
chidambaram, on the other hand, often spoke of the fiscal deficit target as sacrosanct and ensured the deficit didnt cross the red line by simply compressing spending towards the end of the year.
however, putting curbs on legitimate public expenditure is clearly something arunjaitley seems unwilling to do.
fifth, the budget was also a modest attempt to support financial inclusion and encourage savings amongst the lower middle class.
finally, for the first time there was a conceivable attempt to strongly back start-up entrepreneurship by setting up a rs 10,000-crore risk fund.
at last, there seems to be some realisation that the latent potential of the indian entrepreneur and the would-be entrepreneur needs to be unleashed, with full government backing and encouragement.
i had two other takeaways from the speech.
first, as a seasoned lawyer, jaitleys attention to detail was quite evident.
there was also a clear modi-touch in that many initiatives were taken from a bottom-up perspective.
of course, there were the usual attempts at grandstanding: ganga cleansing, madrasa reform and more money being spent for a statue of sardar patel than for womens safety, but then, no budget in the history of india has escaped from the clutches of populism, and it was unrealistic to expect that this one would be different!
some red flags are also being raised about whether the finance minister will be able to meet the 19 per cent increase in tax revenue that hes set himself for the year, given that growth is chugging at 5 per cent.
but for a difficult job that had to be done in a hurry, arunjaitley has drafted a reasonable - albeit inexorably long - first cut.
i look forward to his second cut in february.
hopefully, by then, the speech will be taller on execution and shorter on words.
finance minister arunjaitley on friday described the supreme courts order for a time-bound inquiry against benched cbi chief alok verma as an extremely positive development.
other bjp leaders, however, tried to sidestep the subject.
the supreme court ruling is an extremely positive development.
all officers of the cbi, particularly the top two, are like caesars wife and must be beyond suspicion.
other bjp leaders appeared doubtful.
that the court did not reinstate verma straightaway was a relief for the government, one of them admitted, but what if verma gets reinstated after the inquiry?
we had expected the court not to interfere in the issue, he added.
jaitley, known for using his lawyers skills to make adverse situations seem favourable, justified both the governments move to send verma on forced leave and the apex courts order for a two-week probe under the supervision of a retired supreme court judge.
the supreme court setting a two-week timeframe would further strengthen the fairness criteria of the investigations, and the appointment of a retired judge would ensure a fair inquiry, he said.
jaitley added that the recent developments in the cbi  with verma and his deputy rakesh asthana publicly hurling bribery charges against each other  had eroded its credibility and the government action was meant to restore it.
the bjp, which never misses an opportunity to slam rahul gandhi, did not field anyone to attack the congress president on friday.
capital investment the most devastating news coming out of gujarat is not the victory of narendra modi, but the fact that delhi doesnt matter anymore.
this is equally true for both the bharatiya janata party and the congress.
in both gujarat and himachal pradesh, it was the local strongman and his legion of foot soldiers who won the trophy for the two parties, respectively.
neither the public appeal of leaders such as sonia and rahul gandhi nor the tinkering by the central leadership, as the bjp did in himachal, swayed the masses.
the gujarat outcome, in fact, has left delhis power-brokers such as ahmed patel, sonias indefatigable political secretary, with egg on his face.
patel hails from gujarats bharuch district and had campaigned aggressively for the party in his hometown.
yet, the congress has almost been wiped out from south gujarat.
what is worse is that most people believed to be recommended by patel, including the gujarat congress committee chief and the leader of the states opposition, have lost badly.
the only comfort is that rahuls selections seem to have done better.
but if delhi matters so little now, would modi still want to be a part of it?
that is nitin gadkaris question, not ours.
quiet times president pranab mukherjee was in santiniketan when the union finance minister, p chidambaram, started speaking on the banking bill in parliament.
mukherjee, who was chidambarams predecessor in the finance ministry, apparently remained so engrossed in the live telecast on television that his personal staff had to gently remind him about the time constraints in his busy schedule.
even then, the president is said to have remained glued to the tv till the bill was passed.
is pranabda, by any chance, missing the excitement of being on the floor of the house?
unhappy days someone who definitely has no stomach for all the action currently taking place in the national capital is the delhi chief minister sheila dikshit.
the brutal rape has badly affected her image and there is every chance that the tears she fought back recently during an interview were more out of worry for the assembly elections that she would have to face soon than out of concern for the victim.
dikshit might not admit it, but her supporters are already ruing the day their leader turned down an earlier offer from sonia gandhi to join the union cabinet.
birthday boys some have more reasons to celebrate this holiday season.
they include three senior politicians, who are turning 60 in a few days time.
the minister for external affairs, salman khurshid, will turn 60 on new years day itself, while the union commerce and industry minister, anand sharma, has his birthday on january 5.
the leader of the opposition in rajya sabha, arunjaitley , will be celebrating his birthday on december 28.
friends and well-wishers are apparently planning to celebrate the occasions in grand style.
the family of one minister wants to travel to the northeast to add special flavour to the occasion.
the relatives of another are fancying a more stylish setting abroad, while the family of the third has discovered delhi in winter an ideal place to stage the big bash.
wise move narendra modi is unquestionably gujarats king of hearts or hriday samrat, as his supporters put it.
his dissenters attribute this to his cunning, but according to many, unique style of leadership.
his spontaneity is generally believed to be another hallmark of his success.
take the case of modis handling of irfan pathan.
during the peak of the election campaign, the cricketer is believed to have called on modi, seeking his intervention in some issue.
the chief minister apparently was in hurry, so he asked pathan to accompany him to the venue of an election meeting.
pathan explained his problem and modi was quickly on phone, issuing instructions.
next, the chief minister invited pathan to the dais.
seeing the cricketer, the crowd cheered lustily and pathan promptly waved back.
on his part, pathan still swears that modi did not ask him to campaign.
but it would still be difficult to completely dismiss the view given modis political wisdom.
footnoterare sight guest appearance is something that comes naturally to celebrities.
so it is hardly surprising that rekha, actor and parliamentarian, should behave any differently in parliament.
she appears in the house whenever required.
this revelation is supposed to have been made by the actor herself during a conversation with fellow parliamentarian, javed akhtar, who had enquired about her occasional appearances.
the nominated member of rajya sabha said that she comes whenever she is asked to visit delhi.
perhaps it is time someone like rajiv shukla, minister of state for parliamentary affairs, told her that as an mp, she is expected to attend parliament as regularly as school.
he informed the lok sabha that the centre, the rbi and market regulator sebi were keeping a constant vigil on the global developments to protect the interests of investors.
the government has assessed the impact of brexit on the indian economy.
he said the rupee depreciated against the dollar by around 1 per cent for one day after the brexit referendum, while the currencies of other emerging markets depreciated for many days.
besides, the sensex fell only on one day by 2 per cent, while the equity indices of many other developed and developing countries fell by higher percentages for many days.
india's merchandise exports to the uk and the eu (including the uk) comprise around 3 per cent and 17 per cent of total exports, respectively.
the country also exports roughly $10 billion in software to both the uk and eu.
overall, however, exports to both the uk and europe have been on a downtrend in the past two years on account of a subdued demand led by a frail and scattered recovery in the region.
the imf has also cut its global growth forecast to 3.
1 per cent from 3.
2 per cent in the aftermath of brexit.
new delhi, april 9: narendra modi and amit shah have invited leaders of 31 regional parties that make up the wider national democratic alliance for a dinner meeting on monday in what appears to be an effort to secure their support ahead of the presidential elections.
party leaders, however, claimed the central government, led by modi, and the bjp, headed by shah, the prime minister's trusted lieutenant, wanted to show their commitment to taking along smaller parties, while projecting themselves as the ideal big brother, magnanimous and humble despite the recent run of electoral victories.
the electoral victories have made the bjp humble and not arrogant like the congress.
we want to play the role of the ideal big brother who takes along all, no matter how small they may be, said a bjp leader involved with the preparations for the meeting.
around 50 guests are scheduled to be present at the meeting at pravasi bharatiya kendra in lutyen's delhi.
the meeting is also being seen as a bid to shore up support ahead of the presidential elections scheduled in july this year.
the bjp needs the support of the allies to have a person of its choice in rashtrapati bhavan.
an indication of how keen the party was keen to keep all its partners on board came when the flight ban domestic airlines had imposed on shiv sena mp ravindra gaikwad - accused of assaulting an air india employee with slippers on march 23 - was lifted last week.
the sena had threatened to boycott the meet if the ban was not lifted.
apart from the constituents of the central government, such as the sena, telugu desam party, akali dal, lok janshakti party, apna dal and the rashtriya lok samata party, leaders of little-known regional parties have been invited for the meeting.
they include parties like the india jananayaka katchi (ijk) and the india makkal munnetra kazhagam, both bjp allies from tamil nadu, and kerala congress leader p.c. thomas.
bimal gurung of the gorkha janmukti morcha is also scheduled to attend.
with the bjp focusing on spreading wings in the northeast, many leaders from regional parties that are in alliance with the bjp at the state level have been invited too.
leaders of the goa forward party and the maharashtrawadi gomantak party, which helped in the formation of the manohar parrikar government in the state, are also scheduled to attend the meeting.
bjp leaders, however, claimed the presidential elections would not be discussed.
they said the meeting would focus on strengthening the bjp's bonding with the regional parties, discuss various welfare schemes of the modi government and seek suggestions.
the nda meeting will be representative of the diversity of india.
from mehbooba mufti of the pdp to the shiv sena and akali dal to the naga people's front.
the meeting will show how the bjp under the leadership of narendra modi and amit shah has emerged the choice of different sections and regions of the country, a bjp leader said.
senior bjp leaders like rajnath singh and arunjaitley would be present at the meeting, apart from modi and shah.
sources said the bjp was also courting the allies, aware that they were a necessity for the party in many states to gain acceptance.
in jammu and kashmir, for instance, the bjp wouldn't have been able to taste power had it not joined hands with mehbooba's pdp.
party leaders conceded that in large parts of the country, the bjp still needed credible regional parties as allies to get a foothold and then use that to build its base.
the change from the past, however, is in the choice of allies - smaller regional parties so that the bjp can play the role of big brother.
according to this approach, the bjp is not keen on re-entering into a pact with bihar chief minister nitish kumar as the senior partner.
nitish, bjp sources said, was welcome but as a junior partner.
yeddy set to get say on cm, not party reinsbangalore, july 30: b.s. yeddyurappa today confirmed in a statement that he would resign on sunday as karnataka chief minister after a signal from bjp central leaders that he would have a say in the choice of his successor but could not be made the state unit chief.
the statement from yeddyurappa, confirming his intention to resign, came amid a flurry of meetings in bangalore today.
the first meeting in the morning was of the bjp legislature party.
it could not be held yesterday and was rescheduled for today.
however, an anti-yeddyurappa group did not attend the meeting because their leaders, bjp national general secretary ananth kumar and state minister for rural development jagadish shettar, were ruled out of the race for chief ministership.
later in the day, yeddyurappa met rajnath singh and arunjaitley , the two bjp central observers camping in bangalore.
what transpired at this meeting was not known, but once yeddyurappa went home, his loyalists visited him there.
after this huddle, basavaraj bommai, a yeddyurappa loyalist, came out and read a statement by the chief minister that said: even now, some media (groups) are misleading the public that i am not resigning.
i hereby again clarify that i am submitting my resignation on the afternoon of 31-7-2011.
he added: our central leaders (jaitley and singh) had a closed-door meeting with the chief minister.
i dont know what transpired between them.
but all pending issues will be solved.
sources said yeddyurappa was unlikely to head the state party unit, though he would be allowed to name his successor.
he had also demanded that his loyalists be given prominent berths in the next cabinet and he be allowed to head the co-ordination committee between the party and its government.
k.s. easwarappa, the president of the state bjp unit and a long-time adversary of yeddyurappa, today said the chief minister would be accommodated in an appropriate position.
according to sources, lok sabha mp and former state unit chief d.v. sadananda gowda and education minister v.s. acharya are among the frontrunners for the chief ministers job.
law minister suresh kumar is also a contender.
today, 45 legislators, all believed to be the chief ministers supporters, met rajnath and arunjaitley and urged them to let yeddyurappa continue.
yeddyurappa, credited with winning the first southern state for the bjp, was pressured to resign by the bjp high command after the karnataka lokayuktas report indicted him for allowing illegal mining of iron ore in bellary.
singh and arunjaitley were not available for comments today but dharmendra pradhan, the bjp general secretary in charge of the state, ruled out rebellion although a good number of the legislators have been rooting for yeddyurappa in defiance of the high commands position.
in a climbdown from yesterdays stand, excise minister m.p. renukacharya told journalists that the legislators wanting yeddyurappa to continue as chief minister would heed the high commands decision.
he, however, said the next chief minister would be chosen democratically in a legislature party meeting tomorrow before yeddyurappa sends in his resignation to the governor.
if adversity is in the air, it must be july.
twenty-three summers ago, it was in july that manmohan singh rose to present the budget for 1991-92 and spoke of the deep crisis facing the economy.
it should not come as a surprise if the state of the economy section of finance minister arunjaitley budget speech sounds similar to what singh had said on july 24, 1991.
singh, then finance minister under prime minister p.v. narashimha rao, had to take into account the impact of the gulf crisis, while arunjaitley , serving under prime minister narendra modi, will have to factor in the uncertainties in iraq.
more than two decades have passed, but the incumbent finance minister faces the same challenge of narrowing the gap between the governments income and expenditure.
a double-digit inflation hung over singh like the sword of damocles while arunjaitley has to deliver on the promise of his prime minister by reining in prices.
jaitley, however, is luckier than singh as the economy is not in a crisis similar to that of 1990.
in 1990, the government was close to a default and was left with foreign exchange that could barely finance three weeks worth of imports.
the government was then forced to pledge national gold reserves with the international monetary fund (imf) for a loan.
singh tackled the crisis by introducing reforms and dismantling the licence raj, which allowed the private sector to invest more.
but the two upa governments of the past decade changed that theoretical orientation by relying on government spending, sticking to what is called the keynsian prescription in economics.
when arunjaitley will rise on thursday to present his maiden budget, he may take the leaf out of singhs 1991 speech.
expectations are that he may repose faith in the private sector to achieve higher economic growth.
the economic survey tabled in parliament today suggests that reviving growth, creating an enabling environment for investments, containing inflation and curtailing expenditure are the immediate concerns of the governments.
the budget is also expected to reflect the themes.
be it stress on a roadmap for a new tax regime or attempt to create an environment to facilitate investment, both domestic and foreign  there is bound to be a convergence in the two speeches.
there will be differences as well  on the front of inspiration.
singhs speech was peppered with references to rajiv gandhi, indira and jawaharlal nehru.
no prizes for guessing the inspiration for jaitleys speech  it has to be modi.
on the eve of the budget, the question doing the rounds is whether modi and arunjaitley can come up with a blueprint that convinces india that the time has come for a new idea.
singh had done so in 1991, summing up his speech with victor hugos words: no power on earth can stop an idea whose time has come.
missing economists unlike in the upa regime, which had an overwhelming presence of economists in policy circles, arunjaitley  a lawyer by profession  doesnt have the benefit of foreign-educated economists.
the post of the chief economic adviser to the government is vacant, the prime ministers economic advisory council is headless and the planning commission is almost defunct.
the absence of the planning commission from the budget-making exercise is a cause of concern for some left-wing economists.
but some in the capitals policy circles think that arunjaitley will have the freedom to steer clear of theory and socialist hangover.
it is true that the upa regime had several top-notch economists, but in most cases, they were not on the same page and it acted as an impediment.
jaitley will not have such constraints and he will be free to implement the vision of modi, said an economist who has been a member of the finance commission during the upa era.
sources in the finance ministry said that a core team of officials  including finance secretary arvind mayaram, revenue secretary shaktikanta das and expenditure secretary ratan watal  are working on the budget under jaitleys instructions.
ila pattanaik, the principal economic adviser to the finance ministry and a professor at national institute of public finance and policy, drew up the economic survey, which reviews the developments in the indian economy over the previous 12 months.
expectations galore the budget is an accounting procedure.
but over the years, the annual ritual has come to raise expectations among people.
this time the expectations are much more and the government must be aware of that, said vinay sahasrabuddhe, in charge of bjps good governance cell and a close aide of modi.
the economic survey suggests reviving growth through investments will be the big idea in jaitleys budget proposals.
the key to reviving investment in india lies in reviving the trend growth rate of the indian economy.
reforms are needed on three fronts: creating a framework for sustained low and stable inflation, setting public finances on a sustainable path by tax and expenditure reform, and creating the legal and regulatory framework for a well-functioning market economy, the survey said.
inflation cannot be contained through budget proposals, but arunjaitley can make a difference by pumping in public investments in agriculture and creating a proper supply chain to remove the bottlenecks that have contributed to food price inflation, which peaked at 11.
95 per cent in the third quarter of 2013-14.
as the wholesale price inflation has stayed above 7 per cent since 2009, the upa government tried to contain it by raising interest rates, which in turn started choking investments because of the high interest rate regime.
since the change of guard in delhi, the investor community is hoping for a lower interest rate regime.
as the stress is on investment and market economy, arunjaitley is likely to table the governments vision on various reforms to catalyse investments.
though most of these reforms will happen outside the budget, investors will be given an idea about the reform priorities.
nuts and bolts as part of its plan to kickstart the investment cycle, the new government is likely to lay emphasis on faster clearance of projects and reduction in red-tape.
throwing open the doors for fdi in railways, other than operations, clearly indicates that foreign capital will be welcomed in defence, insurance and e-commerce.
on taxation, the finance minister will give a timeline on introducing the goods and services tax and the direct tax code.
jaitley may also give some tax breaks for the salaried class and tweak tax rates applicable for corporate entities.
the industry is waiting for directions on key taxation reforms, which is pending for quite some time, said ravi wig, head of bjps industry cells and former president of phd chamber of commerce.
industry sources said that in an attempt to send a positive signal to foreign investors, the government is also likely to settle the retrospective tax issue with vodafone through a negotiated settlement.
the markets are also expecting arunjaitley to raise his target for fund-raising through psu disinvestments.
india typically falls short of its disinvestment target between 2010 and 2014, the government could raise only rs 1,050 billion from disinvestment though the target has been rs 1,950 billion.
that trend is likely to be reversed, said the chief economist of a leading foreign bank.
one of the focus areas could be pruning the subsidy bill of the centre, which stood at rs 2.
5 trillion (around 2.
2 per cent of the gdp) on food, fertiliser and fuel in 2013-14.
the decision may have a political impact as it will give the opposition a handle to attack the government, arunjaitley will invoke the tough decisions argument of modi to push through fiscal consolidation and retain fiscal deficit at around 4.
1 per cent of the gdp.
jaitley will try to take the sting off the opposition attack by announcing utilisation of the savings through subsidy pruning for creation of public infrastructure, but the decision will surely keep the political pot boiling for some time.
achhe din?
the budget proposals will be assessed against modis promise of achhe din.
if the decisions taken so far by the new government are any indication, it is almost certain that the budget will include some bitter pills.
fiscal consolidation through cuts on expenditure and raising the disinvestment target could become the cornerstone of the budget.
such measures are bound to lift the mood on the stock exchanges.
but answers will be expected for some bread-and-butter questions, too: will the unemployed get work?
will prices stabilise?
will the measures be enough to ring in the achhe din for over 363 million  around 29.
6 per cent of the population  categorised as poor in the recently published rangarajan committee report?
most important, will the ideas in the budget be pivotal enough to be classified as jaitleynomics, the worthy successor to the manmohanomics of the 1990s?
brics tradenew delhi, aug.
27: finance minister arunjaitley today made out a strong case for brics nations developing their own arbitration mechanism to cut reliance on redressal centres in developed nations to ensure arbitration awards are not loaded against emerging economies.
at a conference on international arbitration in brics, he said faster growth would return to emerging economies once the world emerged out of the current slowdown and the dispute resolution mechanism should be perfect as trade between countries grew.
forex gainmumbai, aug.
27: the country's foreign exchange reserves increased by $1.
35 billion to touch a record high of $367.
17 billion in the week to august 19 mainly on account of a rise in foreign currency assets.
indivac movecalcutta, aug.
27: indivac, the country's first professional at-home vaccination service, has launched a corporate vaccination programme.
it will set up camps in offices to vaccinate employees at subsidised rates.
86 crore from 3.
8 crore in may 2014.
by the time the first five years of this government are over, we will be close to doubling the assessee base, he said in the post titled impact of demonetisation.
the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes in november 2016, the minister said, had resulted in more formalisation (of economy), more revenue, more resources for the poor, better infrastructure, and a better quality of life for our citizens.
he further said with the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), it is now becoming increasingly difficult to evade the tax system and the indirect tax to gross domestic product (gdp) ratio has gone up to 5.
4 per cent post gst, from 4.
4 per cent in 2014-15.
getting it into the formal economy and making the holders pay tax was the broader objective.
the system required to be shaken in order to make india move from cash to digital transactions.
on november 8, 2016, the government had announced a ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes, to curb black money in the system.
of the rs 15.
41 lakh crore worth rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in circulation on november 8, 2016, 99.
3 per cent or notes worth rs 15.
31 lakh crore have returned to the banking system.
this means, just rs 10,720 crore of the junked currency did not return to the banking system.
after the note ban, old junked notes, called specified bank notes (sbns), were allowed to be deposited in banks with unusual deposits coming under income tax scrutiny.
jaitley said demonetisation compelled holders of cash to deposit the same in the banks.
the enormity of cash deposited and identified with the owner resulted in suspected 17.
42 lakh account holders from whom the response has been received online through non-invasive method, he said.
the violators faced punitive actions.
larger deposits in banks improved lending capacity for the banks.
a lot of this money was diverted to mutual funds for further investments.
it became a part of the formal system, arunjaitley added.
he said the share of indigenously developed payment system of unified payments interface (upi) and rupay card have reached 65 per cent of the payments done through debit and credit cards.
jaitley said in 2017-18, the tax returns filed reached 6.
86 crore, an increase of 25 per cent over the previous year.
this year, as on october 31, 2018, already 5.
99 crore returns have been filed - which is an increase of 54.
33 per cent compared to the previous year till this date.
as many as 86.
35 lakh new filers were added this year.
demonetisation and gst reflect long term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms.
tax filers under both direct and indirect taxes are close to getting doubled.
digital payments have risen sharply & become common place.
fake notes are out.
subhash chandra garg (@secretarydea) november 8, 2018economic affairs secretary subhash chandra garg said demonetisation and gst reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms.
tax filers under both direct and indirect taxes are close to getting doubled.
digital payments have risen sharply and become common place.
fake notes are out, garg tweeted.
finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday sought to allude to a collusion between the opposition parties and ousted cbi director alok verma, as the lawyer-turned-politician aggressively defended the governments decision to send the two warring officers on forced leave.
jaitley also sought to project the post-midnight operation as an example of the narendra modi governments ability to act promptly.
if the government is a fast-acting government, we call why the hurry, and if it is a slow-acting government, then we say why the policy paralysis, he said, when questioned about the unusual haste shown by the government, which woke up the department of personnel and training secretary at 2am to issue the leave order.
the finance minister said the cvc meeting took place on tuesday evening and the government acted thereafter on its recommendation.
after justifying the decision that he said was taken to protect the integrity of the premier investigating agency and fairness of the probe against the two officers, arunjaitley went to slam the opposition and hint at its collusion with the ousted cbi director.
regarding the charge three opposition parties have made, i regard this charge as rubbish, he said, referring to allegations that the action against verma was taken to abort a rafale probe by the cbi.
the fact that the three opposition parties are saying that we know what the agency was going to do next itself casts a serious doubt on the fairness process, he added.
jaitley went on: i dont believe what they have said is true.
but if they (opposition parties) are convinced what they have said is true, then did these opposition parties have knowledge of what was going on in the minds of the cbi?
that itself demolishes the integrity of the person whom they are trying to support, he said.
the three opposition parties arunjaitley referred to but didnt name were the congress, aam aadmi party and the cpm.
all these three parties today alleged a correlation between the rafale deal and the removal of the cbi director, suggesting that the officer was about to institute a case over the fighter jet deal.
this is in accordance with the highest standards of fairness, he claimed.
he refused to go into the details of the sit saying the cvc was mandated to constitute it and decide on the time frame by which the probe should be completed.
asked that the government dragged its feet on the issue since rakesh asthana, the special cbi director, was a blue-eyed boy of the prime minister, arunjaitley first sought to dismiss it saying this makes juicy stories for the electronic media.
in a criminal case red eye or blue eye does not matter.
it is the evidence that matters, he said.
in addition to jaitleys defence, the government later came up with a statement that accused verma of wilful obstruction to the functioning of the cvc and vitiating the environment in the cbi.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday invoked national security and claimed the publication of the rafale papers by the hindu newspaper was a serious breach, echoing the position the government had taken in the supreme court on wednesday.
what goes on in the court, lets leave it for the court to decide.
and dont forget, we have a very free press in india and we respect it.
but even the framers of the constitution said national security is an exception.
and that has never been challenged in the last 72 years.
attorney-general k.k. venugopal had told the apex court that the rafale documents had been stolen from the defence ministry and threatened the hindu with the official secrets act for publishing articles based on them.
jaitley refrained from saying whether the government would indeed invoke the act against the newspaper.
does freedom of the press mean that you publish the nuclear secrets of the country?
a party senior asked.
he accused the hindu of trying to give a handle to the congress to shift the focus from the success of the air strikes on pakistan.
when the entire country and the world are coming out in support of india on the question of terror, some people in the country are trying to weaken our case.
how can this be tolerated?
the senior said.
at a time the bjp is striving to gain the upper hand in the electoral discourse thanks to the air strikes, it fears that a return of the rafale controversy to public attention could scuttle its efforts.
new delhi, july 9: finance minister arunjaitley today questioned whether it was desirable to continue offering high interest rates on savings that translate into higher cost of lending and sluggishness in the economy.
now, whether domestic savings are only to be used by such instruments which give you a higher return and create an interest regime which is extremely costly and makes the economy sluggish, or higher returns are to be got from such instruments as funds, bonds, shares (that finance projects and economic activity), he asked.
a lot of them have also an element of secured investment in them which can give people a very respectable return itself.
that's the basis on which pension funds the world over have been functioning and i think these are areas of advances as we grow over the next several years and decades.
more and more opportunities are going to come to us, he said.
speaking at a function here to unveil a commemorative postage stamp to mark 140 years of bse, he said the essence of all economic activities is investment which is going to come from where resources are available.
jaitley felt the time was now ripe for the private sector to step up investments in the economy.
the last few years had seen india grow on the strength of public investment and foreign direct investment.
the best of private sector in that development process is yet to be seen, he said.
bse plan the bombay stock exchange today said it planned to launch a commodity derivative segment to allow trading in metals and has approached market regulator sebi for approval, the bourse's managing director and ceo ashishkumar chauhan said.
according to arunjaitley , stock exchanges such as the bse played a critical role in fuelling economic growth.
i wonder if the best of bse and nse is yet to come, he said.
finger at cong on d-voters, graft the all india united democratic front (aiudf) today said the party would emerge kingmaker in the assembly elections.
.
.
.
| read.
.
jaitley salvo at corrupt congress the bjps leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, arunjaitley , today said the congress in assam would face double.
.
.
| read.
.
border sealed in barak valley areas elaborate security arrangements have been made in the three barak valley districts ahead of next months assembly electi.
.
.
| read.
.
new delhi, aug.
25: the bjp today rooted for anna hazares version of the lokpal bill, two days after it distanced itself from the draft, the somersault coming in a letter the partys president wrote to the fasting activist.
we have always been and are for a strong lokpal, nitin gadkari said in his letter.
for that to happen, (the) bjp accepts your jan lokpal bill to be the basis for a strong and effective lokpal to be put in place at the earliest without getting into procedural wrangles.
the letter was written and despatched this evening by gadkaris colleagues jagat nadda and vinay sahasthrabuddhe hours after hazare associate arvind kejriwal had publicly challenged the bjp to spell out its stand on the jan lokpal bill.
a meeting of the bjps core committee that gadkari chaired tonight placed its stamp of approval on his jan lokpal pitch.
l.k. advani, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley were among those who attended the meeting.
our demand is firstly the government should drop its lokpal bill, spokesperson ravi shankar prasad said.
the bill that replaces it should reflect the general premises and sentiments of the jan lokpal bill.
bolstered by the bjps turnaround, hazares associates kejriwal, prashant bhushan and kiran bedi called on the bjp leaders late tonight at advanis residence.
sources said they expected to be reassured that the bjp would not veer from the stand it fashioned today when the lokpal issue is debated in parliament tomorrow.
the sources cited several reasons for gadkaris somersault.
they said he was pressured by the rss and a section of the bjp to take a more strident stand on hazares fast after leaders like yashwant sinha and shatrughan sinha voiced concerns over the party yielding its political turf to civil society for want of clarity on the issue.
the sangh and the bjp dissenters, the sources said, felt that the parliamentary strategists were going soft on the government.
a national executive member, close to the rss, said he was unhappy with lok sabha opposition leader sushma readily associating the bjp with the prime ministers statement on the hazare episode this morning.
he wondered why the usually combative sushma allowed manmohan singh to get away with his dare to the bjp to nail him on personal corruption.
nobody from our party suggested he was under a cloud.
but as the upa governments watchman, he slept through the 2g, cwg and other big scams and this point was not made by sushma, he said.
it is learnt that when hazare brought up the bjps fuzziness with gadkaris colleagues, he was told that sushmas brief address at the all-party meeting singh had convened yesterday was in sync with the partys stand of supporting the jan lokpal bill.
gadkaris letter said sushma had demanded that the government withdraw its lokpal bill and supplant it with a more powerful one.
to reinforce the message of solidarity with hazare, gadkari today floated a new outfit called the yuva vahini, which drew its cadres from the partys youth wing.
the cadres not only replenished the crowd at ramlila maidan but also picketed the prime ministers residence.
the sources, however, conceded that they had fewer differences with the governments version than with the jan lokpal bill.
finance minister arun jaitley.
pti picturenew delhi, nov.
if it slows down, it is more towards seven and if it paces up it is more towards eight per cent growth.
it's already close to $2.
5 trillion economy in terms of gdp, he said.
he said the country has moved away from the era of double-digit inflation.
our statutorily fixed target is four per cent.
we have been able to keep our current account deficit under control, and over the last few years india has had exemplary performance in terms of being able to bring down its fiscal deficit, he said.
the net effect of all these is that india is getting closer to a situation where the country can spend what it earns, and borrows relatively less, he said.
one of the great challenges which remained in india and that directly impinges on the creation of world-class infrastructure is that india was largely a tax non-compliant society, he said.
the funding requirement for infrastructure is huge, he said, with the requirement projected at rs 50 lakh crore over the next five years.
india has spent rs 60 lakh crore in infrastructure in the decade up to 2017.
meet on rbi top postnew delhi, aug.
18: finance minister arunjaitley today held an hour-long discussion with prime minister narendra modi over the appointment of the new rbi governor.
the meeting, which took place at the prime minister's residence, is believed to have deliberated on various names who could succeed raghuram rajan, who demits office early next month on completion of his three-year tenure.
top contenders for this post are current deputy governor urjit patel and former deputy governor subir gokarn.
gst rolloutnew delhi, aug.
18: revenue secretary hasmukh adhia has begun meeting various stakeholders, including representatives of the telecom, banking and oil and gas sectors, to understand their concerns and fine tune the structure of the goods and services tax.
income taxnew delhi, aug.
18: only 14 lakh individuals of the 2.
89 crore assessees declared an annual income of over rs 10 lakh, attracting the highest tax bracket of 30 per cent, in assessment year 2012-13.
this accounts for 75 per cent of the total personal income tax collection.
cisco job cutnew york, aug.
18: cisco systems will cut about 5,500 jobs, representing 7 per cent of its global workforce.
the move is expected to impact operations in india, its second-largest site with 11,000 employees.
dumping dutynew delhi, aug.
18: india has slapped an anti-dumping duty on certain cold-rolled flat steel products from four nations, including china and south korea.
a duty on the difference between the product's landed value and $594 a tonne will be levied.
uttam dealnew delhi, aug.
18: uttam group today said it had signed an investment deal of up to $150 million with china's tidfore heavy equipment group.
wipro movenew delhi, aug.
18: wipro has bought a minority stake in israeli cybersecurity company intsights cyber intelligence for $1.
5 million.
finance minister arunjaitley , who had undergone a renal transplant surgery last year, had flown out on sunday night picture by prem singhfinance minister arunjaitley has left for the us for what sources described as a regular medical check-up.
the unexpected announcement, a little over two weeks before the presentation of the narendra modi governments final budget, has stirred speculation that the prime ministers office could decide to break with parliamentary convention and pack the interim budget with tax breaks and populist schemes before the general election.
finance ministry sources said arunjaitley , who had undergone a renal transplant surgery last year, had flown out on sunday night.
no minister has been deputed to oversee the finance portfolio, they added.
this is a very vital period when last-minute decisions have to be taken on budget proposals.
the only reason why a minister could not have been deputed would be that the prime ministers office itself may wish to guide the finance ministrys budget team, said a senior official.
officials said the pmo remains interested in a farm package that could deliver sops to quell farmer unrest over low rural incomes because of poor returns on farm produce.
interim budgets are usually meant to ensure that the administration can draw on funds till the new government is formed and is ready to unveil its budget for the remainder of the fiscal year.
but this is merely a convention  and the government is not duty-bound to abide by conventions.
jaitleys twitter handle has remained active despite his medical trip abroad.
the finance minister posted a long note extolling indias economic performance during prime minister modis regime.
a december 6, 1992, picture shows people shouting and waving banners as they stand on top of a stone wall after the destruction of babri masjid.
(afp) new delhi, april 19: the government today ruled out union minister uma bharti's resignation following the supreme court's decision to revive criminal conspiracy charges in the babri demolition case, making its stand clear on a matter ideologically linked to the ruling bjp.
the party too appeared pleased at the prospect of the ram temple issue occupying centre stage once more.
the (babri mosque) matter is on since 1993.
it is not a new situation.
jaitley was responding to a question about the charges against water resources minister uma, one of the senior bjp leaders to be tried for criminal conspiracy over the december 1992 demolition.
asked if that meant uma would continue as a minister, arunjaitley targeted main rival congress.
if being chargesheeted was a rule for removal, then very few congress chief ministers would be left, he said without elaborating.
sources in the government said the temple issue was linked to the bjp's core ideology and there was no question of going on the back foot.
uma, a leading light of the ram temple movement, appeared to be rejoicing in the supreme court ruling that allowed the cbi's plea to restore the conspiracy charge against the party leaders, including veterans l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi.
it was no conspiracy.
everything was done openly, the saffron-robed leader told a press conference.
a grand ram temple in ayodhya is my dream.
i'm ready to go to prison or be hanged for india and ram mandir, she said, repeating what she had said nearly a fortnight back.
earlier this month, uma had told reporters in lucknow that she was ready to face the death sentence but wanted the temple as soon as possible.
today, she emphasised that she was proud to be part of the temple movement and declared that she would set out for ayodhya in the evening to seek ram lalla's (infant ram's) blessings.
late tonight uma cancelled her visit to ayodhya after bjp chief amit shah asked her not to go ahead with the trip.
earlier, in the afternoon, prime minister narendra modi held a meeting of the party's core group at his official residence.
among those who attended were senior ministers in the government.
sources said the meeting had long been scheduled and had not been called after the supreme court's verdict that came a little after the cabinet meeting got over earlier in the day.
a bjp leader said discussions on the rising unrest in kashmir were at the top of the agenda, though the court verdict could also have been discussed.
another meeting also took place late this evening when joshi met advani at the residence of his fellow sidelined veteran.
no details were immediately available.
officially, the bjp refrained from reacting to today's court ruling.
internally, however, the party appeared to be happy that the ruling had brought the temple issue back to the forefront, which, sources said, would help build public opinion in favour of a ram temple at the disputed site.
with the issue gaining centre stage, public opinion will be generated in favour of a ram temple and it will help our cause both politically and in the physical construction of the temple, a bjp leader said.
insiders said the party was under pressure from its supporters to build the temple, now that the bjp was in power in uttar pradesh too.
bjp sources denied opposition charges of a plan behind the cbi reviving the criminal conspiracy charges against advani, joshi and the others.
rjd chief lalu prasad had alleged that it was a ploy to derail advani's chances of becoming president of india.
charges of conspiracy are bogus.
if uma bharti can continue as minister, l.k. advani can also become president, provided the current leadership makes him a candidate, a bjp leader said.
jaitley avoided a direct reply when asked the same question.
it is a hypothetical question, he said, asked whether the logic of not removing uma as a minister would also apply to advani's chances of being selected as a presidential candidate.
asked the same question, vishwa hindu parishad national president champat rai, another accused in the case, said: it is a matter of pride that advaniji led the ram temple movement.
the glory of the post of president of india would be enhanced.
the country's dignity would be protected.
rai described the conspiracy charge as baseless, said he was proud to be part of the temple movement and justified the demolition.
all the symbols of slavery have to be removed, he said.
new delhi, may 3: the government today approved a new steel policy, which envisages investment of rs 10 lakh crore in capacity and allows the government to give preference to local manufacturers in procurement.
the new steel policy, 2017 plans to achieve 300mt of steel-making capacity by 2030.
the policy projects crude steel capacity of 300 million tonnes (mt), production of 255 mt (85 per cent capacity) and finished steel per capita consumption of 158 kg by 2030-31 against 61 kg now.
he said the policy hopes to meet the entire demand of high-grade automotive steel, electrical steel, special steels and alloys for strategic applications from local production.
it also plans to increase domestic availability of washed coking coal so as to reduce the dependence on imported coking coal from about 85 per cent to around 65 per cent by 2030-31.
the policy is a step towards steering the industry to achieve its future potential and deals with impediments such as high input cost, availability of raw materials, dependency on imports and financial stress.
the cabinet also approved a policy of the government and its agencies giving preference to domestically manufactured iron and steel products in procurement.
the new policy is applicable on all government tenders where price bid is yet to be opened.
twin star planthe government today approved a proposal of twin star technologies, promoted by billionaire anil agarwal's family, envisaging investment of up to rs 9,000 crore from a mauritius-based company.
the investment is likely to generate employment opportunities for over 30,000 people.
the purchase policy provides a minimum value addition of 15 per cent in notified steel products which are covered under preferential procurement.
in order to provide flexibility, the ministry of steel may review specified steel products and the minimum value addition criterion, a steel ministry statement said.
arun jaitley.
file picture.
new delhi, nov.
17 (pti): finance minister arunjaitley on friday termed the upgrade of india's credit rating by moody's after a gap of 13 years as a belated recognition of reforms in the last few years, and vowed to continue them while maintaining fiscal discipline.
commenting on moody's upgrading india to baa2, from baa3, he said it is a recognition that india continues to follow the path of fiscal prudence which has brought stability to the economy.
it is an upgrade which has happened after 13 years.
we welcome it and believe that it is a belated recognition of all the positive steps taken in india in the last few years which have contributed to the strengthening of the indian economy, he told reporters here.
the upgrade is a recognition of the reform process in india, particularly in the last 3-4 years, in which structural reforms placed india on a high growth trajectory, he said.
listing the series of reforms which led to the upgrade, he said while demonetisation took the economy towards greater formalisation and digitisation, use of aadhaar ensured targeted delivery of government benefits.
also, a new insolvency and bankruptcy code has been enacted, massive bank recapitalisation programme formulated and a smooth transition to gst has happened, he saidthe gst itself has been universally regarded as landmark reform in tax structure, he added.
stating that all these steps constitute major reforms and are directional, he said the rating upgrade therefore is extremely encouraging.
jaitley said: it is extremely encouraging that there is an international recognition and the fact that this recognition merely furthers our determination to follow the track we have embarked upon.
he said the upgrade has not happened in isolation and for the last three years the india has been the fastest growing major economy.
and after a long spell of 13 years, india gets the rating upgrade.
i am sure that many who had doubts would now seriously introspect on their own positions, he said in a jibe at critics of his government's reforms programme.
the government, he said, will maintain the fiscal discipline and continue to remain in fiscal glide path.
new delhi, dec.
19: narendra modi is second only to barack obama as a twitter top draw among world leaders, but the prime minister's colleagues have been slow to hop on.
barring modi, none of his ministers figures in the top 20 most followed tweeter, according to a report by twitter india, despite the prime minister's diktat to his team to use the social networking site actively to reach out to the public.
while bollywood biggies and cricketers continue to dominate the india list, modi is the only politician in the top 10, with 8.
7 million followers, says the report based on 2014 figures so far.
among politicians worldwide, modi trails only the us president, who has 51.
4 million followers.
but while modi's twitter billings have risen at the fastest clip in the india category, amitabh bachchan, shah rukh, aamir and salman khan have more followers.
the big b has a whopping 12 million.
after modi, former ips officer kiran bedi has the most followers among indian politicians, though she too does not figure in the top 20 list.
aam aadmi party chief arvind kejriwal and congress leader shashi tharoor come next, but none has even half the numbers commanded by modi.
among union cabinet members, external affairs minister sushma swaraj stands at a distant number two, when compared with modi, with 1.
98 million followers.
finance arunjaitley - who also holds the information and broadcasting minister portfolio - is next, tailed by his hrd counterpart smriti irani.
while modi stands out in follower count, in terms of trends - the topics most discussed on the site - related to politics, the aap led the list.
but around half of the trends in this category were about support for the bjp.
the most talked-about issues on the site, however, were outside politics.
according to the report, rohit sharma's record-breaking 264 against sri lanka last month took pride of place, overtaking the front-runner till then - rajinikanth's message to his fans that he was joining twitter.
in terms of the most newsy topics, the kashmir floods scored over all others.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday pitched for a federal institution, similar to the gst council, in healthcare and agriculture as the schemes for these sectors face resistance from states because of political reasons.
as health and social welfare schemes are implemented through states with the co-ordination of the centre, arunjaitley stated that such a federal body in healthcare would face least resistance from the states.
the federal institution experiment of the gst having succeeded.
.
.
.
there are two other sectors which eminently require federal institutions of this kind.
the gst was constitutionally provided for.
those areas are not constitutionally provided for, but political maturity can impose on governments to try that experiment.
states and the centre both spend on healthcare and have their respective schemes.
the centre is also establishing institutes of eminence across the country.
the centre has implemented ayushman bharat and states also have similar schemes.
several states have adopted the ayushman bharat scheme parallel to their already existing schemes, he said.
he added that there are ample funds for healthcare schemes and these resources from the centre and states may be merged.
this is not a turf issue over whether my scheme is better than yours.
in the run-up to the implementation of the goods and services tax in july 2017, the centre and states had agreed to set up a gst council, chaired by the union finance minister and comprising the finance ministers of all states.
on ayushman bharat, the finance minister said when the scheme was being conceptualised, there were several questions on whether it will succeed, how private hospitals will treat the patients, how the queues and footfalls at hospitals can be handled.
the ayushman bharat- scheme aims to offer an annual health cover of rs 5 lakh per family, targeting more than 100 million families belonging to the poor and vulnerable sections of the population.
new delhi, may 2: finance minister arunjaitley today stoutly defended demonetisation and said the exercise had ensured the digitalisation of the indian economy.
jaitley, speaking at a function organised by icici bank, said, one great advantage of this whole exercise (demonetisation) was the movement towards digitalisation.
and movement towards digitalisation itself has created newer technologies, newer form of electronic modes of payments.
the niti aayog recently in a report titled digital payment revolution: facts & figures,had said digital transaction increased about 23 times with 63,80,000 digital transactions for a value of rs 2,425 crore in march 2017 compared to 2,80,000 digital transactions worth rs 101 crore till november 2016.
jaitley said the outcome of demonetisation had proved the government's critics wrong as neither the gross domestic product nor agricultural output suffered.
one of the learnings we have experienced is that the advantages of economic reforms will reach the villages.
that's the fundamental change taking place today.
he said there had been a raging debate for the last 26 years on whether economic reforms had a political cost, but it is now being realised that reforms are benefiting the rural population and have-nots.
the advantages of the additional resources available with the state and of the entire economic activity also is reaching the village itself and therefore when that segment of society feels that they have been included in the process, the whole debate that the reform has political cost itself is dissipating, he said.
taking a dig at former prime minister manmohan singh's claim that demonetisation would result in a 2 per cent dip in gdp, the finance minister said: there was no disappearance of demand.
there was no agrarian crisis.
in fact, the agriculture sowing went up.
and suddenly you found the whole debate in this country taking a new turn.
i am personally very glad that some obsolete ideas are clashing with some newer ones.
amit shah being welcomed at the kozhikode airport on thursday.
(pti) kozhikode, sept.
22: the government's unified political command will relocate from delhi to kozhikode, kerala, for two days from september 24 to pilot and participate in the bjp's national council meeting.
three members of the centre's cabinet committee on security (ccs) - rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley - will fly in on friday to be part of a one-day national executive session.
the other two members on the panel - whose role is critical in times of augmented tensions on the border and a state of high alert across the country - will arrive in kozhikode on saturday morning.
prime minister narendra modi will be in time that day to first attend a meeting of the national office-bearers, including the parliamentary board representatives and national and state officials, and then address a public meeting on kozhikode beach, with defence minister manohar parrikar in tow.
modi and the senior leaders will put up at the tony raviz resort and spa on the banks of the chaliyar river at kozhikode's kadavu, approximately 15km from the city centre.
sushma, the external affairs minister, will probably leave on saturday night or early sunday morning to be in time for the un general assembly session where she is scheduled to speak on monday.
amid an all-morning buzz around parrikar being asked to stay put in the national capital, bjp sources engaged in the arrangements here clarified that he would be part of the kozhikode proceedings.
at the national council venue that retains its original name, swapna nagari (city of dreams), the organisers were spotted paying as much attention to outfitting a makeshift prime minister's office abutting the place of the meeting as the convention hall itself.
bjp sources described the efforts to put together an elaborate office as something routine that is done during every outstation trip the pm makes.
but an organiser said he had been directed to pay close attention to the details of the workstations being set up for the prime minister's secretariat officials.
the sprawling space for the pmo has enclosures for parrikar and the ccs members.
special access has been built for modi and his security staff from the convention hall to the pmo that nobody else will be allowed to use.
bjp sources said a similar office space was created for the pmo at allahabad where the bjp's national executive had met in june.
i don't understand why this makeshift pmo has grabbed attention.
when atalji (atal bihari vajpayee) was the prime minister, i myself had set up six such places whenever he addressed a meeting in tamil nadu, said h. raja, the bjp's national secretary from tamil nadu who is an associate minder for kerala.
in allahabad last june, a small space had been carved out at the venue and cordoned off for the pmo officers accompanying modi.
but bjp members who were tasked to record minutes of the national executive meeting shared the space.
in kozhikode, it was unclear if the pmo would share its territory with the bjp, given that much of the information travelling to and fro would be highly sensitive.
bjp president amit shah, who landed here this morning, got down to politics.
he visited two temples, both dedicated to shiva.
in one of them, sri kandeshwara, shiva's idol had been installed by sri narayana guru, an iconic leader of the ezhavas.
the bjp had tried hard to court the backward community before the last kerala polls.
it sewed up an alliance with the bharatiya dharma jana sena, an outfit representing the community.
