new delhi, apr 5 () finance minister arunjaitley is suffering from a kidney ailment and may have to undergo a surgery, sources close to the minister said.
jaitley, 65, is undergoing diagnostic tests and doctors have so far indicated that it was a kidney-related ailment, they said.
the minister, however, has not yet been hospitalised but has been advised to avoid going out in public for fear of infection.
he has not been attending office since monday and even skipped taking oath after being re-elected as rajya sabha mp from uttar pradesh.
53 out of the 58 newly-elected or re-elected members took oath of office during the last two days.
jaitley was one of the five members who hasn't taken oath.
sources said jaitley's present condition may be a fallout of the bariatric surgery he had undergone soon after the bjp government came to power at the centre in 2014.
he underwent the surgery to treat weight gain that he suffered because of a long-standing diabetic condition.
that surgery was first performed at max hospital, but he then had to be shifted to aiims because of complications.
sources said doctors from aiims are attending to arunjaitley at his residence now.
a final call is yet to be taken on whether a kidney transplant is required or not, they said.
depending on doctors advice, he may be admitted to the cardio-neuro tower at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) here.
the centre is housed in a separate building and is equipped with state-of-the-art equipment.
though he has not been attending office since monday, he is clearing files from his residence, they said.
the minister, who suffers from chronic diabetes, had heart surgery several years ago.
he is a key member of the prime minister narendra modi's cabinet and presented his fifth and the present nda government's final full budget on february 1.
the budget was last month approved by the lok sabha without a discussion and it is not listed to be taken up in rajya sabha before the current session of parliament ends tomorrow, thereby not requiring his presence for a reply.
new delhi, dec 30 () the solar power developer association (spda) has demanded the goods and services tax rate be kept uniform at 5 per cent on solar power generating system (spgs) saying recent recommendations of the gst council are inconsistent with the government's policy of promoting clean energy.
the total incidence of tax on the spgs would increase to 8.
9 per cent with implementation of the gst council recommendations finalised on december 22, 2018, which would be effective from january 1, 2019.
.
.
.
keeping in line with government endeavour to promote the renewable power sector and considering the specific facts of the solar sector, the entire contract for supply of spgs should be taxed at the concessional rate of 5 per cent, the spda said in a letter to finance minister arunjaitley last week.
the industry body also said, the present recommendations (of the gst council) would run inconsistent and create a huge gap in the government policy and its implementation.
the government has set a target of 175 gw of renewable power by 2022 which includes 100 gw of solar power.
in the 31st gst council meeting held on 22 december, 2018, the industry body recommended that in case of contracts for supply of spgs, 70 per cent of the gross value of the contract would be deemed as the value of supply of goods and attract 5 per cent rate and the remaining portion (30 per cent) of the aggregate value of such epc (engineering procurement and construction) contract shall be deemed as the value of supply of taxable services attracting standard gst rate.
elaborating further, the spda informed that in case of contract for supply of spgs, the scope of work primarily includes supply of goods.
it said, it is pertinent to note that services are incidental to the contract and are minimal in the whole scope of work (not being more than 5 per cent of the total contract value).
for the purposes of clarification, we have in last 8 months provided the ministry of finance with all the necessary evidences including the cost break-up of every single part installed in spgs and epc contract documents executed in the industry.
the body pointed out that the spgs cannot be supplied in isolation without services such as installation and commissioning.
it submitted that providing concessional rate of 5 per cent on only 70 per cent of the gross value of the contract for supply of spgs would result in higher tax rate on supply of spgs as compared to the erstwhile excise and service tax regime.
the spda said, the effective tax rate will be 8.
9 per cent, which is considerably high as compared to 1.
5 to 2 per cent in pre-gst era.
it also said that the gst council recommendations shall lead to increase in cost of electricity not only for future projects but also for many operating plants wherein the power purchase agreement executed between discoms and solar developers provides pass-through on the gst implication.
the body stressed in the letter that the entire contract for supply of spgs (including service portion) should qualify as supply of spgs and should be taxed as supply of spgs at the concessional rate of per cent.
new delhi, dec 30 () the government is looking at bringing untaxed sectors in the tax net as well as improving compliance to raise the tax-to-gdp ratio, revenue secretary ajay bhushan pandey said.
he also said gst officials would ensure that taxpayers who are paying taxes honestly are not disturbed, but those who are defaulting in payment or not filing returns should be brought within the tax fold.
in an interview to , pandey, who took charge as the revenue secretary earlier this month, said the income tax department will implement faceless assessment for all scrutiny cases over the next one year as it seeks to make the process objective without any scope for bias.
asked how the government would go about increasing the tax-to-gdp ratio, pandey said: there are two issues to this.
one involves the policy of the government as to which are the areas which are not taxed and should be brought into the tax net.
the other involves wherever some steps are required to improve compliance, there compliance should be ensured.
so in the areas where is there of scope taxation, and where it can be done without any adverse impact, such areas will have to be identified and accordingly we will have to work on this.
in the last four years, the country's tax-to-gdp ratio has improved from 10 per cent to 11.
5 per cent.
pandey said the number of income tax return filers has jumped 50 per cent to over 6 crore in the assessment year 2018-19 compared to the year-ago period.
he said in order to improve the tax compliance and also to facilitate the honest taxpayers, various initiatives are being planned by the central board of direct taxes.
our endeavour is that over a period of next one year or so, we should move towards a system where the scrutiny will happen in a faceless manner where a person can be given a questionnaire of the points which have been raised in the scrutiny and then the person can reply on the portal or through the emails to the officer who can be located anywhere in the country so that the case of scrutiny is decided in a very, very objective manner without any scope for any bias or harassment, he said.
with regard to the goods and services tax (gst), pandey said tackling evasion would be one of the priority areas as it not only affects the revenue of the government, but also makes those businesses which are honestly paying tax less competitive.
our effort is to bring in systems so that the tendency to evade is brought down so that those who are paying taxes honestly are not put at disadvantage.
what we are trying to ensure is a large number of taxpayers who are paying taxes honestly, they are not to be disturbed.
and those who are defaulting in payment or filing returns, or not filing correct returns, and not paying due taxes should be brought within the tax fold, he said.
over 1.
16 crore businesses are registered under gst, which was rolled out on july 1, 2017, after subsuming 17 local taxes, including excise duty, service tax and vat.
stating that only a fraction of a percent of registered taxpayers would be asked for clarification in case of mismatch in returns, pandey said in cases where clarification is not sufficient, further action would be taken.
whole purpose is no honest taxpayer should be disturbed and at the same time we have to discourage people who evade taxes so that government revenue is not impacted and competitiveness of honest businesses also does not suffer, he said.
the monthly gst revenues have averaged rs 97,100 crore in the april-november period of the current fiscal, up from rs 89,100 crore in the pervious financial year.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley has unexpectedly left for the us for a medical check up relating to his kidney ailment, sources said.
jaitley, who had undergone a renal transplant surgery on may 14, 2018, had not travelled abroad in last nine months.
he was scheduled to attend 10th india-uk economic and financial dialogue in london in april last year, but had cancelled his visit due to his kidney ailment.
sources said, he left for the us on sunday night for a medical check up.
jaitley is to present his sixth and the bjp-led nda government's last budget on february 1.
though it is supposed to be an interim budget, it is widely expected that his speech would have been full length budget speech.
jaitley was admitted to aiims last year in early april following which he underwent dialysis .
he had a renal transplant surgery on may 14, 2018.
in his absence, railways minister piyush goyal was given the additional charge of finance ministry on may 14.
jaitley, 66, who had stopped attending office at the beginning of april, and was back in north block - the seat of finance ministry - on august 23.
jaitley had in september 2014, undergone a bariatric surgery to treat weight gain that he suffered because of a long-standing diabetic condition.
that surgery was first performed at max hospital, but arunjaitley was later shifted to aiims because of complications.
he had a heart surgery several years ago.
new delhi, jan 6 () terming aadhaar as a game changer, finance minister arunjaitley sunday said savings made through its implementation can fund three public welfare schemes of the magnitude of ayushman bharat -- the ambitious healthcare programme to provide free hospitalisation to millions of poor people.
he also attributed the successful implementation of aadhaar to the decisive leadership of prime minister narendra modi, saying the congress-led upa remained half-hearted towards it because of its own contradictions and indecision.
the digital dividend report prepared by the world bank estimates that india can save rs 77,000 crore every year by the use of aadhaar, he said.
the savings through aadhaar can fund three schemes of the size of ayushman bharat.
.
.
ayushman bharat - pradhan mantri jan aarogya yojana aims to provide a coverage of rs 5 lakh per family annually, benefiting more than 10.
74 crore poor families for secondary and tertiary care hospitalisation through a network of empanelled healthcare providers.
since its launch in september, nearly 7 lakh poor patients have been provided free hospital treatment.
jaitley said the upa, because of its contradictions and indecision, remained half-hearted about aadhaar.
instead of taking credit for it, congress lawyers challenged it in court and appeared as the anti-technology, anti-aadhaar faces.
a decisive prime minister made it possible, he said.
the total amount of subsidy transferred through aadhaar now equals rs 1,69,868 crore.
with the elimination of middlemen the benefits go directly to the bank accounts.
this is a unique technology implemented only in india.
since the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) bill was passed in 2016, in the last 28 months over 122 crore aadhaar numbers have been issued.
about 99 per cent of the adult population of india above the age of 18 stands covered.
he said 22.
80 crore pahal and ujjwala beneficiaries are given cooking gas subsidies through direct benefit transfer (dbt) in their aadhaar-linked bank accounts.
jaitley said 58.
24 crore ration card holders stand linked and 10.
33 crore mgnrega card holders get wage payment through dbt in their bank accounts.
so do the 1.
93 crore beneficiaries of the national social assistance programme.
the income tax department has already linked 21 crore pan card holders with their aadhaar numbers.
a total of 2,579 crore authentications have been undertaken till date.
everyday, 2.
7 crore authentications are done.
uidai has the capacity of 10 crore transactions to be authenticated per day.
in most schemes, the direct benefit transfer takes place to the beneficiaries' 63.
52 crore bank accounts that had been linked with the unique identity as on december 15, 2018.
the total number of subsidy transactions through aadhaar are almost about 425 crore.
jaitley said a senior minister in the upa government blocked the idea of unique identity number (uid) conceived by nandan nilekani and it was a divided house.
the prime minister was indecisive.
the enrolment continued, though at a very moderate pace, he said.
it was only a decisive prime minister narendra modi who decided to go ahead with the idea of aadhaar after the formation of the nda government in may 2014, he added.
the nda government re-examined the issue and the legislation was completely changed.
the pith and substance of the new law was that government spends a large part of the public resources in subsidising the poor.
this subsidy became an indefinite amount which is given to an unidentified section of the people.
there are several cases of duplication and thus the unique identity based on biometrics would eliminate these aberrations and relief would travel only to the intended.
this was the thrust of the new law, he said.
jaitley said the supreme court upheld the whole concept of unique identity and rejected the challenge that it violated the right to privacy.
it held that aadhaar meets the concept of constitutional trust, limited government and good governance and empowers marginalised section of society.
it also introduced several safeguards to ensure that it is not misused.
two individuals deserve a special credit for aadhaar, the minister said.
shri nandan nilekani, who started it and dr ajay bhushan pandey, who subsequently provided it with the direction and expansion.
he masterminded the government strategy to repel the legal challenge, arunjaitley added.
new delhi: the central board of the reserve bank of india ( rbi ) on monday approved the transfer of rs 28,000 crore as interim dividend to the government, a much-needed transfer against the backdrop of a tight fiscal situation.
the board reviewed the current economic situation, global and domestic challenges and other specific areas of operations of the reserve bank.
based on a limited audit review and after applying the extant economic capital framework, the board decided to transfer an interim surplus of rs 28,000 crore to the central government for the half-year ended december 31, 2018, a statement from the central bank said.
this is the second successive year that the reserve bank will be transferring an interim surplus, it added after the board meeting chaired by rbi governor shaktikanta das .
rbi's financial year ends in july and the interim dividend will be with the government by march.
sources had earlier said while the government was seeking up to rs 40,000 crore as interim dividend but the audit committee of the central bank opted for rs 28,000 crore after taking into account policies and requirements of the rbi.
last year, the rbi paid an interim dividend of rs 10,000 crore and for the full financial year it amounted to rs 50,000 crore.
the central board, which met in national capital for its customary post budget meeting, observed two minutes silence in memory of the security force personnel who laid down their lives in pulwama.
surplus transfer had been the flashpoint between the finance ministry and former rbi governor urjit patel as the government insisted on a higher payout, which was being seen as a measure to help improve public finances and also provide enough funds to finance some of the big ticket announcements for the social sector ahead of the 2019 general elections.
the department of economic affairs had earlier forcefully argued that the central bank was sitting on excess reserves which could be transferred to the government but the rbi strongly resisted the move.
in the past too, the government and the central bank have sparred over dividend payout, which increased significantly during raghuram rajan's term as governor of the central bank.
sources had pointed out earlier that the issue of dividend payment is separate from the economic capital framework.
a panel headed by former rbi governor bimal jalan is examining the issue of appropriate economic capital framework.
the government has budgeted rs 74,140 crore from dividend/surplus of rbi, nationalised banks and financial institutions for 2018-19 and next year it expects it to go up to rs 82,912 crore.
this meeting is an interaction on the interim budget and overall economy, these are specifics which are not decided in my presence.
the fm in his address outlined the various reforms and policy measures taken by the government over the last four years and their overall impact.
new delhi: the all-powerful gst council , chaired by finance minister arunjaitley , has met 30 times and taken 918 decisions related to laws, rules and rates for the new tax regime within a span of just over two years, the finance ministry said on sunday.
the goods and services tax (gst) council, which comprises state finance ministers and union minister of state in charge of revenue as members, was set up on september 15, 2016, as the country's first 'federal institution'.
till date, gst council has taken 918 decisions related to gst laws , rules, rates, compensation, taxation threshold etc.
more than 96 per cent of the decisions have already been implemented through 294 notifications issued by the central government, the ministry said in a statement.
the remaining decisions are under various stages of implementation.
almost equal number of corresponding notifications have been issued by each state, it added.
the working of gst council has ushered in a new phase of cooperative federalism where the central and state governments work together to take collective decisions on all issues relating to indirect tax regime of the country, it said.
besides, tax officers of the centre and states met ahead of the gst council meetings to enable the council members to fully discuss the issues under consideration.
the council has held discussions in a harmonious and collaborative spirit in the 30 meetings that have taken place so far, it added.
the detailed agenda notes for the 30 gst council meetings ran into 4,730 pages, while the minutes of the meetings ran into 1,394 pages, the statement said.
after 17 tumultuous years, a nationwide gst was rolled out at the stroke of the midnight hour on july 1, 2017, overhauling india's convoluted indirect taxation system.
the gst, which replaced 17 central and state levies including factory-gate, excise duty service tax and local sales tax or vat, is india's biggest tax reform in 70 years of independence and will help modernise asia's third largest economy.
india's overall allocation to this important sector in the last decade has hovered between 3.
5-4 per cent of total expenditure.
last year, the figure was 3.
7 per cent.
the government proposed to launch 'revitalising infrastructure and systems in education (rise) by 2022' with a total investment of rs 1 lakh crore in next four years, to step up investments in research and related infrastructure in premier educational institutions, including health institutions.
a modest 3.
84 per cent increase compared to last year can be seen in the education sector allotment.
the budget 2018-19 was largely focused on solving agricultural distress.
this budget promises to raise the minimum price (msp) offered to farmers for crops, while investing heavily in agricultural markets across india.
it also delivers more money for rural areas, including irrigation projects and aquaculture projects, and directs state governments to purchase extra solar power generated by farmers using solar-powered pumps.
companies that deal with agricultural products may also be benefited.
with the budget 2018-19, india has proposed the world's largest government-funded health protection plan, which aims to benefit 10 crore poor families of the nation with medical aid worth rs 5 lakh each a year.
the national health policy 2017 indicated that health expenditure would increase to 2.
5  of gdp, but the goal is still far (it is 1.
2  of the gdp right now).
the increase in allocation towards healthcare is a minuscule 2.
76 per cent compared to last year's budget.
in fact, just 2.
2 per cent of the total spending in budget is towards healthcare.
an amount of rs 2,150 crore was today allocated to the ministry of tourism under the union budget 2018-19, receiving a 21 per cent jump from the current fiscal.
within these projects, integrated development of tourist circuits has been allocated rs 1,100 crore, up from rs 950 crore in the current fiscal.
the pilgrimage rejuvenation and spiritual augmentation (prasad) scheme was given rs 150 crore as compared to rs 100 crore in the last budget announcement.
defence was allotted 1.
58  of gdp, the lowest allocation to the sector since 1962 war with china.
the defence budget has been hiked by a measly 7.
81  to rs 2,95,511 crore from rs 2,74,114 crore last year, once again dashing the hopes for any major jump in military modernization this year despite heightened tensions with both pakistan and china along the unsettled borders.
the union budget proposed an overall allocation of around rs 14,500 crore for the 2018-19 fiscal to augment telecom infrastructure projects, which include an alternate communication network for defence services.
finance minister arunjaitley allocated rs 10,000 crore for expansion of telecom infrastructure managed by the department of telecom.
as per the document, the government has proposed to allocate rs 8,000 crore for bharat net project for providing broadband services in 1.
5 lakh gram panchayats.
new delhi, nov 8 () finance minister arunjaitley thursday said demonetisation resulted in formalisation of economy and increased tax base, prompting the government to earmark more resources for the poor and infrastructure development.
86 crore from 3.
8 crore in may 2014.
by the time the first five years of this government are over, we will be close to doubling the assessee base, he said in the post titled impact of demonetisation.
the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes in november 2016, the minister said, had resulted in more formalisation (of economy), more revenue, more resources for the poor, better infrastructure, and a better quality of life for our citizens.
he further said with the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), it is now becoming increasingly difficult to evade the tax system and the indirect tax to gross domestic product (gdp) ratio has gone up to 5.
4 per cent post gst, from 4.
4 per cent in 2014-15.
getting it into the formal economy and making the holders pay tax was the broader objective.
the system required to be shaken in order to make india move from cash to digital transactions.
the government had on november 8, 2016, announced ban on old 500 and 1000 rupee notes, to curb black money in the system.
of the rs 15.
41 lakh crore worth rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in circulation on november 8, 2016, 99.
3 per cent or notes worth rs 15.
31 lakh crore have returned to the banking system.
this means, just rs 10,720 crore of the junked currency did not return to the banking system.
after the note ban, old junked notes, called specified bank notes (sbns), were allowed to be deposited in banks with unusual deposits coming under income tax scrutiny.
jaitley said demonetisation compelled holders of cash to deposit the same in the banks.
the enormity of cash deposited and identified with the owner resulted in suspected 17.
42 lakh account holders from whom the response has been received online through non-invasive method, he said.
the violators faced punitive actions.
larger deposits in banks improved lending capacity for the banks.
a lot of this money was diverted to mutual funds for further investments.
it became a part of the formal system, arunjaitley added.
he said the share of indigenously developed payment system of unified payments interface (upi) and rupay card have reached 65 per cent of the payments done through debit and credit cards.
jaitley said in 2017-18, the tax returns filed reached 6.
86 crore, an increase of 25 per cent over the previous year.
this year, as on october 31, 2018, already 5.
99 crore returns have been filed - which is an increase of 54.
33 per cent compared to the previous year till this date.
as many as 86.
35 lakh new filers were added this year.
economic affairs secretary subhash chandra garg said demonetisation and gst reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms.
tax filers under both direct and indirect taxes are close to getting doubled.
digital payments have risen sharply and become common place.
fake notes are out, garg tweeted.
loss-making air india +jaitley's support for stake sale +possible roadmap for air india disinvestment +writing off loans to the tune of rs 30,000 crore +new delhi: niti aayog , the government's think tank, has recommended strategic disinvestment ofso that the centre does not have to sink in more money into the airline and can allocate more funds for health and education.
the report completes the groundwork for the centre to initiate the sale of the airline and comes in the wake of finance minister arunin the bleeding carrier.
sources told toi that a decision on the future course of action would be taken by the cabinet.
niti aayog's fourth report, which was submitted recently, has detailed a, which includes.
ai has debt of around rs 60,000 crore, which includes around rs 21,000 crore of aircraft-related loans and around rs 8,000 crore working capital, said aviation sources.
the proposal is to transfer the aircraft-related loans and the working capital to the new owner, while taking care of half the liability.
similarly, niti aayog has suggested that the real estate assets, which includes prime properties in mumbai's nariman point and some places in delhi like vasant vihar, be hived off into a separate company before offering up to 100  equity to a strategic partner.
the buyer will also get several other rights that air india currently enjoys, with officials suggesting that there is no need to have a designated national carrier.
several countries have exited the airline business as it is not a core sovereign function.
since air india will be sold as a going concern, employees will move to the privatised entity.
the airline has accumulated losses of about rs 40,000 crore and has projected a cash deficit of rs 3,000 crore for the current financial year with a gap narrowing to around rs 1,700 crore annually in the coming years.
although air india reported operating profit of rs 105 crore in 2015-16, it is not seen to sustainable given that the annual interest burden is estimated at around rs 4,000 crore.
the government has already sunk rs 25,000 crore into the airline over the last five years and is required to provide a similar amount in the coming few years.
the aayog's recommendation is very clear: find a strategic investor for ai.
now that is a call for the owner (government of india) to take.
some initial clarity on the future course may come in the next 15 days or so, said a source.
aviation minister a gajapathi raju and his deputy jayant sinha confirmed that niti aayog had submitted its report, but did not disclose the details.
we are very proud of ai and will consider all possible alternatives for it.
all options are open.
niti aayog has suggested steps for a strong and viable airline, said raju at a press conference to mark three years of the modi government.
foreign airlines are allowed to have up to 49  stake in indian jv carriers  as singapore airlines and airasia do with tata group in vistara and airasia india, respectively, while etihad has a 24  stake in jet.
asked if foreign airlines would be allowed to pick up a stake in ai, the ministers said the government is open to all options.
qatar airways has recently stated it wants to have an airline in india but is yet to make an application for a startup carrier here.
ai is supposed to get rs 25,000 crore more from the government over the next 15 years.
it is not correct to see us as a domestic airline alone with 14  market share.
we are essentially an international airlines with a very robust foreign network.
our share of international travel to and from india last year was close to 17 .
ai has a critical network and it should not be seen as a burden.
we are a victim of wrong decisions by previous governments.
luckily, there is a clean administration determining our future now, said an ai insider, reflecting the widespread mood in the airline.
a ministry source said niti aayog's recommendations are not binding on it and it will choose the path that is most suited for having a strong ai in future.
we hugely respect finance minister jaitley's views.
what we can assure everyone is that there will be visible action in ai very soon as niti aayog's recommendations and the fm's statement have been made in all seriousness that will lead to the future path for the airline being laid out in three months, said the official.
new delhi, dec 12 () to prevent misuse of proposed electoral bonds, the government is likely to cap the validity at 15 days within which such bonds -- bearer in nature -- have to be redeemed by political parties.
according to official sources, the guidelines for electoral bonds, announced in budget 2017-18, are almost ready and some fine-tuning is being done by the finance ministry.
such bonds would be bearer in nature so that those having it can encash through only one notified account within stipulated time, the sources said.
each party will have one notified bank account.
all bonds are to be deposited in that particular account.
it is a paper currency and needs to be encashed in 15 days, otherwise it loses validity, a senior government official said.
the short duration of bonds will ensure these cannot be misused and the objective of reducing the incidence of black money in political funding is achieved, the official added.
the norms regarding electoral bonds could be out soon and some other features of such instruments would be issued by select designated public sector banks.
as per the electoral bond mechanism, the proposed bonds will resemble a promissory note and not an interest-paying debt instrument.
the electoral bond scheme will ensure complete anonymity of the donor, sources said, adding that these could be issued in denominations of rs 1,000 and rs 5,000.
finance minister arunjaitley had proposed issuance of electoral bonds in budget 2017-18.
an effort, therefore, requires to be made to cleanse the system of political funding in india.
donors have also expressed reluctance in donating by cheque or other transparent methods as it would disclose their identity and entail adverse consequences, he had said in the budget speech.
the finance minister had indicated that the government would soon frame rules on electoral bonds after having consultations with all political parties.
new gst rates come into effect: here's what is cheaper from today the gst council reduced tax rates on 23 goods and services, including movie tickets, tv/monitor screens and power banks, and exempted frozen and preserved vegetables from the levy.
of the 23 goods & services on which rates have been slashed, the tax rate on 7 items in the 28  slab has been brought down.
with this, only 28 goods are left in the highest 28  tax bracket.
he said the next priority was to lower the levy on cement from 28  to 18  and added that the sun is setting on the 28  slab.
although the minister, who heads the gst council, did not elaborate on what the converged standard rate would be, he said it could be some mid-point between the two.
for long, tax practitioners and economists have suggested a 15  rate but it may still be months away with arunjaitley saying it would take a reasonable time when taxes rise significantly.
a committee under former chief economic adviser arvind subramanian had suggested a revenue neutral rate of 15-15.
5  but then went on to recommend that there should be two standard rates of 17-18  for most goods and services and 12  for items consumed by the poor.
the gst council went by this recommendation while deciding the slabs.
once a decision is taken, officers will have to make a tough choice of finalising the rate as there will be a lot of heartburn for goods and services where the levy will be increased from the current 12 .
but it will result in three rates of zero, 5  and a standard rate with the top slab covering luxury and sin products.
several luxury and sin goods, such as tobacco products, pan masala, soft drinks, cars and suvs also face a compensation cess, resulting in a higher levy.
the statement of intent came in a blog amid the oppositions demand for an overhaul of the 18-month-old indirect tax mechanism amid accusations of a flawed gst regime.
jaitley hit back at ill-informed and motivated criticism from the opposition, led by congress president rahul gandhi.
those who oppressed india with a 31  indirect tax and consistently belittled gst must seriously introspect.
irresponsible politics and irresponsible economics is only a race to the bottom, he said.
jaitley also pointed out how the gst council had been a successful experiment where the centre and states came together.
the political noise outside is inconsistent with the harmony inside the council, the minister said.
the transformation has been done over a period of 18 months.
any abrupt transformation could have been either detrimental to revenue or to trade, the finance minister said.
the minister said that despite the stiff ask of an annual 14  increase in collections, which was guaranteed by the centre, six states had achieved the target, while another seven were within striking distance of achieving it.
the requirement of compensation cess in the second year is expected to be much lower than the first year.
this increase in the tax collection has to be factored keeping in mind the significant rate reduction which has taken place in the gst, he said, adding that the revenue forgone was to the tune of rs 80,000 crore through gst rate cuts.
by express news servicevijayawada: setting the record straight, the andhra pradesh legislative assembly on tuesday adopted a resolution urging parliament to keep its assurance and accord special category status to the state.
the resolution effectively overturns the resolution passed by the 14th legislative assembly thanking the centre for announcing a special package to the state in lieu of scs.
the surprise move came on the last day of the first session of the 15th legislative assembly during the debate on motion of thanks to governors address.
moving the resolution, chief minister ys jagan mohan reddy explained that it was necessitated to set the record straight and demand scs, which was promised to ap at the time of creation of telangana by all the parties in parliament.
leader of opposition n chandrababu naidus comments during his response to the resolution sparked an interesting war of words between him and the chief minister.
naidu welcomed the resolution.
but at the same time, he wanted to clarify on the package issue.
citing the statement of the then finance minister arunjaitley on september 8, 2016 that following the recommendations of the 14th finance commission, the class of special category states ceases to exist and they agreed to give special assistance in lieu of scs.
naidu said they had only agreed to the special package, when it was said only the name was changed but what benefits are entitled to the state under scs would be given to ap.
stating that what he was saying was important, naidu read out the statement of arunjaitley where he said the ap government was insisting on scs.
people gave 22 mps as you asked.
you go and achieve scs, as promised, he told treasury benches.
responding to his comments, finance minister buggana rajendranath reddy said naidu was talking about what was done after september 8, 2016, while the fact remains that since he became chief minister in june 2014, he had not pursued the matter while the planning commission was still in existence.
he recalled how tdp mlas heckled jagan when the latter reminded the tdp government the need for pursuing scs with the centre during the assembly session in 2014.
continuing from where buggana left, jagan asked naidu to introspect - did he do what the chief minister was supposed to do?
on march 2, 2014, the then union cabinet decided to give scs to the state.
on the same day orders were issued to the planning commission to implement the same.
after he assumed charge, the then chief minister had to meet the planning commission and pursue the matter, which did not happen.
no communication was done with the planning commission during the seven months it was there, he said, while reminding the house that the tdp government resolution on scs was made on september 1, 2015.
had he (naidu) done his duty, scs would have been accorded and lakhs of youth in the state might have got jobs, he observed.
responding to jagans criticism, naidu said he failed to understand this new theory of approaching the planning commission for scs.
would any officer listen, if asked to follow the orders of the previous regime, when the new government had come to power.
it is a matter of common sense and the chief minister is making intentional criticism.
i am not bothered about mudslinging against me, but you have to understand that it will not get special status, he said and explained how many times he met the prime minister in 2014.
he concluded his arguments stating that his government had sincerely pursued scs.
however, jagan dismissed naidus argument as a pack of untruths.
raghupathi elected deputy speakerysrc mla kona raghupathi has been unanimously elected deputy speaker of the ap legislative assembly.
this was announced by assembly speaker tammineni sitaram on tuesday.
chief minister ys jagan mohan reddy, leader of opposition n chandrababu naidu and other members of the house congratulated raghupathi on his election as deputy speaker and escorted him to the chair.
hailing from brahmin community, raghupathi was elected from bapatla.
naidu follows traditionafter kicking up a row in the assembly by skipping the tradition of escorting the speaker to the chair along with the chief minister, leader of opposition n chandrababu naidu, along with his deputy leader k atchannaidu, accompanied deputy speaker kona raghupathi to the speakers podium.
on the day of election of tammineni as speaker, naidu on the pretext that he was not invited in a proper manner, skipped the tradition and sent atchannaidu to accompany the speaker to the chair.
new delhi, dec 25 () indian oil corp (ioc) and bharat petroleum corp ltd (bpcl) are both keen to acquire gas utility gail india ltd to become fully integrated energy companies.
ioc and bpcl have separately indicated to the petroleum ministry their interest in taking over gail to help add natural gas transportation and marketing business to their kitty, official sources said.
gail, on the other hand, feels a merger with oil and gas producer ongc would be more appropriate.
the merger options were indicated following finance minister arun jaitley's announcement in the 2017-18 budget speech on the government's plan to create integrated public sector oil majors that will be able to match the performance of international and domestic private sector oil and gas companies.
ongc, india's largest oil and gas producer, proposed to acquire oil refiner and fuel marketing company hpcl, which was approved by the cabinet.
oil and natural gas corp (ongc) is currently in the process of acquiring the government's 51.
11 per cent stake in hpcl, which at current prices is worth over rs 33,000 crore.
sources said ioc and bpcl gave separate options for the integration.
the government's 54.
89 per cent stake in gail is currently worth about rs 46,700 crore.
integration options suggested by other companies would be taken up only after ongc-hpcl merger is complete, they said.
ioc, the largest oil refiner and fuel marketing company in the country, wanted to either acquire another refiner to add to its capacity or a gas company like gail.
the firm feels it already has a fledging gas business in under-construction lng terminals, city gas distribution projects and gas marketing.
gail, the nation's biggest gas transporter and marketing company, would complement that, it felt.
bpcl on the other hand too has natural gas ambitions and wrote to the oil ministry saying gail was its number one choice for acquisition.
it listed oil india ltd (oil), the nation's second largest exploration firm, as its number two choice.
the government holds 66.
13 per cent stake in oil, which at current market price is worth about rs 18,000 crore.
gail feels merger with ongc makes more sense as such a move would integrate gas producer with transportation and marketing network.
sources said the government has not taken any decision on the proposals sent by other psus.
the government is keen on the psu-psu merger or integration options as it would help it cash out on its holding yet retain its control.
also, it would help build bigger oil companies to better compete with global giants and withstand oil price volatility.
automobile industry body siam is seeking two tax rates for passenger vehicles under the gst regime instead of multiple rates levied currently, as part of its wish list for the upcoming budget.
the industry body has also sought from the finance minister arunjaitley a special tax rate of 12 per cent for electric and hydrogen fuel cell powered vehicles.
the automotive industry has been suggesting two rates for cars in place of multiple tax rates, and requests the government to keep only two rates for vehicles under the gst regime, society of indian automobile manufacturers (siam) said in its suggestions for the union budget 2018-19.
currently, under the goods and services tax (gst) regime, small petrol cars with engine capacity less than 1200cc attract 1 per cent cess, while diesel cars with engine capacity of less than 1500cc attract 3 per cent cess, on top of the 28 per cent tax.
similarly, cess on hybrid cars, including mid, large and suvs, remains at 15 per cent, likewise those vehicles used for transport of not more than 13 passengers.
the auto industry has also urged the government for tax on used cars to be fixed at 5 per cent gst on the differential value between sale and purchase price of the used car.
similarly, in the electrical vehicle vertical, the industry has sought an extension of custom duty concessions for additional critical components.
besides, it has sought denial of any custom duty concessions to cbus (completely built units) of electric vehicles to support 'make in india' programme.
the industry body has also sought the government to clearly provide a definition of ckd (completely knocked down)/skd (semi-knocked-down) units of electric vehicles.
the siam has also suggested the finance ministry to exempt 10-13 seater ambulances from the levy of compensation cess.
economic survey: are acche din finally here?
19:45post-demonetization and gst increase in new tax filers (over and above natural increase) of about 1.
8 million and s https://t.
co/8xsh8fpjo2  arvind subramanian (@arvindsubraman) 1517209949000economic survey: 10 new facts on indian economy the economic survey, which sets the stage for finance minister arun jaitley's annual budget on thursday (february 1), forecast that economic management will be challenging in the coming year.
new delhi: the economic survey 2017-18 highlighted that there has been a rise in the number of taxpayers post demonetisation and implementation of goods and services tax ( gst ) regime.
this also led to increase in the household savings.
the economic survey sets the stage for finance minister arun jaitley's annual budget on thursday (february 1).
the survey was prepared by the finance ministry's chief economic adviser (cea) arvind subramanian and his team.
the survey pointed out that gst has given a new perceptive of the indian economy and new data has emerged.
there has been a 50 per cent increase in the number of indirect taxpayers.
it added that there has been an addition of about 18 lakh in individual income tax filers since november 2016.
it further stated that the share of financial saving is already rising in aggregate household saving - with a clear shift visible towards market instruments  a phenomenon that has been helped by demonetisation.
taking into account the pre-existing trend growth in new tax filers through regression analysis, the survey carried out a rigorous assessment of the impact of demonetisation.
taking seasonality into account it is found that there is a 0.
8 per cent monthly trend increase in new tax filers (annual growth of nearly 10 per cent).
the level of tax filers by november 2017 was 31 per cent greater than what this trend would suggest, a statistically significant difference, said the economic survey 2017-18 released by the government today.
as per the economic survey analysis, new filers reported an average income, in many cases, close to the income tax threshold of rs 2.
5 lakh, limiting the early revenue impact.
as income growth over time pushes many of the new tax filers over the threshold, the revenue dividends should increase robustly, it added.
since november 2016, 1.
01 crore (10.
1 million) filers were added compared to an average of 62 lakh (6.
2 million) in the preceding six years.
lucknow: regardless of up assembly poll outcome, the bjp would not go with the sp or the bsp, said bharatiya janata party's leader of opposition in the rajya sabha, arunjaitley , here on sunday.
does the congress have the courage to make such an announcement?
he asked.
speaking at a function organised by the bharatiya jan yuva morcha (bjym) here, he said the induction of rld chief ajit singh into the union cabinet speaks about the congress' future politics.
he said the congress had earlier claimed to contest on all 403 assembly seats on its own but felt compelled to tie up with a regional party when it saw the ground reality.
now it may have to shake hands with the sp and the bsp also, he said.
he stated that the sp and the bsp have always bailed out the congress-led upa government whenever it faced a crisis.
speaking on the proposed anti-graft law, the former law minister stressed that the cbi must be made independent of government and brought under the control of a strong lokpal.
if this does not happen, the cbi will continue to do what it has been doing in disproportionate assets' cases related to mulayam singh and mayawati, he pointed out.
mumbai: union finance minister arunjaitley statement in parliament indicating that the fate of the international finance services centre (ifsc) in bandra-kurla complex hangs in the balance has stirred a hornets nest.
the congress on thursday alleged that chief minister devendra fadnavis was taking the people of maharashtra for a ride regarding plans for setting up the ifsc in bkc .
fadnavis has been pushing for the ifsc that will offer financial and arbitration services to corporate groups.
the cm must stop misleading people.
if one reads finance minister arunjaitley reply to a question raised by lok sabha member ramsinh rathwa, it is clear that unless the gujarat ifsc gets fully functional, there is no question of the mumbai ifsc being granted permission.
chances of ifsc coming up in mumbai are bleak, congress spokesperson sachin sawant said.
the upa government had in 2007 taken a policy decision to set up an ifsc in mumbai.
however, following the change of government in 2015, for obvious political reasons, a decision was taken to set up an ifsc in gujarat.
however, city bjp chief ashish shelar said the ifsc was being set up without any financial assistance from the centre.
the cm called on arunjaitley on wednesday to discuss the proposal.
jaitley made it clear the centre has no objection if the state is setting it up on its own, he said.
new delhi, apr 22 () petrol price today hit rs 74.
40 a litre - the highest level under the bjp-led government, while diesel rates touched a record high of rs 65.
65, renewing calls for cut in excise duty to ease burden on consumers.
state-owned oil firms, which have been since june last year revising auto fuel prices daily, today raised petrol and diesel rates by 19 paisa per litre each in delhi, according to a price notification.
the hike, necessitated due to firming international oil prices, comes on back of a 13 paisa increase in rates of petrol effected yesterday and a 15 paisa hike in diesel, it said.
petrol in the national capital now costs rs 74.
40 a litre, the highest since september 14, 2013 when rates had hit rs 76.
06.
diesel price at rs 65.
65 are the highest ever.
oil ministry had earlier this year sought a reduction in excise duty on petrol and diesel to cushion the impact arising out of international oil rates but finance minister arunjaitley in his budget presented on february 1 made no concessions.
india has the highest retail prices of petrol and diesel among south asian nations as taxes account for half of the pump rates.
jaitley had raised excise duty nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell, but then cut the tax just once in october last year by rs 2 a litre.
subsequent to that excise duty reduction, the centre had asked states to also lower vat but just four of them - maharashtra, gujarat, madhya pradesh and himachal pradesh reduced rates while others including bjp-ruled ones ignored the call.
the central government had cut excise duty by rs 2 per litre in october 2017, when petrol price reached rs 70.
88 per litre in delhi and diesel rs. 59.
14.
because of the reduction in excise duty, diesel prices had on october 4, 2017 came down to rs 56.
89 per litre and petrol to rs 68.
38 per litre.
however, a global rally in crude prices pushed domestic fuel prices far higher than those levels.
the october 2017 excise duty cut cost the government rs. 26,000 crore in annual revenue and about rs. 13,000 crore during the remaining part of the current fiscal year.
the government had between november 2014 and january 2016 raised excise duty on petrol and diesel on nine occasions to take away gains arising from plummeting global oil prices.
in all, duty on petrol rate was hiked by rs 11.
77 per litre and that on diesel by 13.
47 a litre in those 15 months that helped government's excise mop up more than double to rs 242,000 crore in 2016-17 from rs 99,000 crore in 2014-15.
state-owned oil companies - indian oil corporation, bharat petroleum corporation and hindustan petroleum corporation - in june last year dumped the 15-year old practice of revising rates on the 1st and 16th of every month .
instead, they adopted a daily price revision system to instantly reflect changes in cost.
since then prices are revised on a daily basis.
deeply saddened by the tragic passing of my friend&delhiuniv senior @arunjaitley.
we first met when he was at dusu https://t.
co/uhtndkbbqp  shashi tharoor (@shashitharoor) 1566631735000new delhi: top congress leaders on saturday condoled the death of former finance minister arunjaitley , with party chief sonia gandhi saying his contributions to public life will be remembered forever.
jaitley, 66, who died in aiims at 12.
07 pm was undergoing treatment at the hospital for a few weeks.
he was admitted there on august 9.
gandhi expressed deep pain and distress at the passing away of jaitley.
condoling his death, she said arunjaitley had a long innings as a public figure, parliamentarian and minister and his contributions to public life will forever be remembered.
former president pranab mukherjee said he had visited him a day back and had prayed for his speedy recovery.
he was a leader with deep intellect and knowledge, and a voice of reason.
he will be dearly missed.
my prayers with his family, friends and admirers, he said.
the congress party said, we are deeply saddened to hear the passing of shri arun jaitley.
our condolences to his family.
our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief, the congress said.
the party's chief spokesperson randeep surjewala said, saddened to know about the demise of shri arun jaitley.
my deepest condolences to his family.
an astute parliamentarian, he'll always be remembered.
may his soul rest in peace.
senior congress leader ahmed patel said in arunjaitley the nation has a lost an articulate leader and an excellent human being.
noted lawyer and former union minister kapil sibal said he has lost an old friend and a dear colleague.
very sorry to learn that arunjaitley is no more .
an old friend and a dear colleague will be remembered for his seminal contributions to the polity and as fm of india .
as leader of opposition he was without match .
he always stood steadfastly for his friends and for his party, he said.
rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot said, deeply saddened to know of untimely demise of former union minister and senior bjp leader, sh arun jaitley.
my heartfelt condolences to his family members.
may god give them strength.
may his soul rest in peace.
congress leader shashi tharoor said jaitley's death is a great loss for the country.
deeply saddened by the tragic passing of my friend delhi univ senior arun jaitley.
we first met when he was at dusu and i was president of st stephen's college union.
despite political differences we enjoyed a healthy mutual respect and debated his budget often in ls.
a great loss for india, he tweeted.
former haryana chief minister bhupinder singh hooda also condoled the death, saying he is saddened and pained.
srinagar: setting the stage for rollout of goods and services tax (gst) from july, the centre and states on thursday decided on rates for specific products which may lead to lower prices for a majority of products of mass consumption.
the idea is to ensure that the impact of gst is not inflationary.
rates on 1,211 items were finalised by the gst council with 81  facing a levy of up to 18 .
there is no increase (in burden) on any commodity.
one criterion in mind is that the overall impact should not be inflationary.
.
.
the gst council decided to lower tax incidence on items such as sugar, tea, coffee and mithai as well as consumer durables but opted to retain the burden on cars.
in addition, bikes with engine capacity of over 350cc, which are seen as luxury goods, will see a new cess of 3 .
foodgrains have been exempted from gst, which will lower the burden on consumers since they currently face various levies that add up to around 5 .
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said automobiles will attract 28  gst, with luxury vehicles facing an additional cess of 15 .
similarly, small petrol cars will face 1  cess, while diesel-powered small cars will attract 3  cess.
in certain cases, such as hair oil, soaps and toothpaste, tax incidence has been reduced from around 28  to 18 .
for coal, the reduction will be from 11.
69  to 5 , helping lower the cost of power.
similarly, the burden on those buying refrigerators or washing machines will come down from around 31-32  to 28 , officers said.
instant tea and coffee are expected to be in a separate bracket although tea and coffee will be in the 5  slab.
items that are part of the consumer price index will see ahuge reduction, adhia said.
with detailed rates due to be released, businesses will now sit down and calculate product-wise impact and also plan for the rollout.
auto companies said the incidence will largely remain the same even after gst is rolled out.
there were, however, concerns over items in the 28  slab.
consumer products like soaps, toothpaste and hair oil under 18  is good news and should see price drop for consumers.
similarly, several food items such as edible oil, tea, coffee sugar etc have been kept at 5 , with exemption for milk and foodgrains, which would also bring cheer to industry.
the only concern is that 19  items (over 200) would be kept under 28 , which was initially meant for only few commodities such as luxury cars, aerated beverages etc, said pratik jain, partner at consulting firm pricewaterhousecoopers.
there are certain issues which are expected to be thrashed out on friday, when the goods and services tax council is also expected to finalise the rates for services.
the council will decide on the levy for gold, biscuits, packaged and branded cereals, footwear, bidis and textiles.
jaitley said the gst council had approved seven sets of rules, excluding those related to transition and returns, along with the forms.
it was quite surprising that the decisions were taken so quickly, punjab finance minister manpreet badal said.
the tax reform will subsume central and state levies such as excise duty, additional duties of customs, service tax, value added tax, central sales tax, entry tax, octroi and luxury tax and is expected to clean up the messy indirect tax structure.
this story is from january 6, 2019and, principal economic adviser, finance ministry (bccl)srccs alumni missed arunjaitley presencegirish ahuja, president,alumni association and ajay s. shriram, chairman, governing body, srcc (bccl)bad man with a golden heartshiv khera and pd dutta, the senior most alumnus at the event, who was from the 1949 batch (bccl)ck khanna, acting president, bcci, with wife shashi khanna(bccl)during our college days, students would not take part in extra-curricular activities: gulshan groverdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
it was a night to reminisce the good old days when alumni of shri ram college of commerce got together for the annual srcc alumni cocktail dinner .
while many known alumni like finance minister arunjaitley , mos, parliamentary affairs vijay goel and fdci president sunil sethi, were missing, it was gulshan grover, the bad man of bollywood, who was the centre of all attention at this event.
from clicking selfies till the end with gulshan grover to honoring the alumnus from 1949 batch, the event saw many relive their college days.
with the ongoing parliament session, arunjaitley could not make it to the dinner.
long before the event started, the guests were heard talking about him.
he has always attended all the college events, something important came up, thats why he could not attend the event this time, said one of the alumnus.
simrit kaur, principal, srcc, told us, an important meeting came up, thats why he could not join us.
but he is a rock-solid support and has always been there for the college.
when girish ahuja, president, srcc alumni association and justice arjan kumar sikri were honouring gulshan grover, ahuja said, inko padhaya (referring to justice sikri), ye judge bann gaye, inko nahi padhya, ye bad man bann gaye.
to which, justice sikri replied, let me add one thing here, all the so-called bad men in the film industry have a golden heart in real life.
although gulshan grover joked that he graduated only two-three years ago, reminiscing about the good old days, the actor said that after completing bcom (hons) from the college, he was pursuing mcom which he left midway.
the year when you are passing out, you feel uncertain, those years shape you and thats what happened with me.
i wanted a career in arts and it was dangerous.
when i went to mumbai to become an actor, people would ask, yaar srcc se ho, padhe likhe ho actor kyun banna hai?
srcc was known as a studious college, sab chashmish thay.
he added, there were no extra-curricular activities as such.
people were actually reluctant to take part in such things, woh sochte thay yaar itna time waste hoga, utna time library mein baith jayenege.
new delhi: in a clear indication that finance minister arunjaitley , on medical leave in the us, will not present the modi governments last budget on february 1, railway and coal minister piyush goyal was given temporary charge of the ministry on wednesday.
jaitley will remain a minister without portfolio during his indisposition, a government statement said on wednesday.
he left for the us a week ago for a medical check-up.
the president of india, as advised by the prime minister, hereby directed that during the period of indisposition of shri arunjaitley , minister; the portfolios of minister of finance and minister of corporate affairs held by him, be temporarily assigned to shri piyush goyal, in addition to his existing portfolios, a statement from the presidents office said late on wednesday.
goyal had previously held the finance portfolio when arunjaitley was recovering from a medical procedure for a kidney transplant.
it also said that, as advised by the pm, arunjaitley will be designated minister without portfolio during the period of his indisposition or till such time he is able to resume his work as minister for finance and minister for corporate affairs.
the modi government is expected to unveil plans to tackle farm distress as well as sops for the middle class and small and medium enterprises in the interim budget, which could go beyond a mere vote on account.
jaitley returned to the finance ministry after a successful kidney transplant and resumed in august his role as the governments main political spokesperson besides overseeing key programmes.
he took part in several debates in parliament and presided over the 32nd meeting of the gst council.
fifty-four-year-old piyush goyal, who has been the partys treasurer, has seen his stature rise within the government after he was sworn in as a minister in may 2014.
he was soon handed over charge of the crucial railway portfolio replacing suresh prabhu, who was moved to the commerce & industry ministry.
the mumbai politician is a trained chartered accountant and second-rank holder in law from mumbai university.
he was a well-known investment banker and has advised top corporates on management strategy and growth.
he also served on the board of indias largest commercial bank, the state bank of india, and bank of baroda, according to his website.
goyals father ved prakash goyal was also a veteran bjp leader and party treasurer.
good economics makes for good politics.
we are today at the cusp of a development explosion, goyal says on his website.
analysts are eagerly awaiting the interim budget to get clues on the governments stance on fiscal consolidation and plans to unveil a direct benefit transfer to help farmers.
new delhi: two newly elected members of the rajya sabha today took oath.
vemireddy prabhakar reddy, who was elected on a ysr congress ticket from andhra pradesh, took oath in english in the name of god.
congress leader syed nasir hussain, who was elected to the upper house from karnataka, took oath in the name of 'allah'.
chairman m venkaiah naidu welcomed the newly elected members to the house.
of the 58 newly elected or re-elected members, 53 had taken oath over the last two days.
three members including finance minister arunjaitley are yet to take oath.
jaitley was re-elected to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
new delhi, nov 8 () hitting back at the opposition for criticising demonetisation, finance minister arunjaitley thursday said the prophets of doom have been conclusively proved wrong with india retaining its position as the fastest growing economy for the fifth year in a row.
many opposition leaders have been critical of the prime minister narendra modi's move to demonetise high-value currency notes two years ago.
what has happened to 'prophets of doom' who said india's gdp will decline by at least 2 per cent.
for the fifth year running, india will be the fastest growing (large) economy in the world.
it is continuing to happen.
so prophets of doom have been proved wrong and conclusively proved wrong, he told reporters here.
on the controversial noteban decision, former prime minister manmohan singh said scars and wounds caused by demonetisation are getting more visible with time and second anniversary is a day to remember how economic misadventures could roil the nation.
describing demonetisation as an ill-fated and ill-thought exercise, he said the havoc it unleashed on the indian economy and society is now evident to everyone.
the senior congress leader had earlier said that demonetisation would shave off 2 per cent economic growth rate.
among other opposition leaders, aam aadmi party (aap) convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal also questioned the rationale behind the modi government's note ban move and termed it as a self-inflicted deep wound on the indian economy.
joining the chorus, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee alleged that the demonetisation move was initiated for the benefit of a handful of people, saying the common men were the worst sufferers.
congress's spokesperson anand sharma, at a press conference, also alleged that demonetisation was a big money laundering project.
the modi government on november 8, 2016, demonetised high value currency notes of old 500 and 1000 rupee notes, constituting 86 per cent of the currency in circulation.
.
.
we took decisive steps and these steps which are not economically correct have helped the system in the long run, and the long run in this case does not mean generations, he said.
the finance minister said that demonetisation has favourably impacted tax system, digitisation and formalisation of the india economy.
of course, there is a long distance we still have to cover and i am certain in the coming years the advantage of these movements in the right direction will strengthen the india economy, he said.
86 crore from 3.
8 crore in may 2014.
by the time the first five years of this government are over, we will be close to doubling the assessee base, he said.
he further said with the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), it is now becoming increasingly difficult to evade the tax system and the indirect tax to gross domestic product (gdp) ratio has gone up to 5.
4 per cent post gst, from 4.
4 per cent in 2014-15.
getting it into the formal economy and making the holders pay tax was the broader objective.
the system required to be shaken in order to make india move from cash to digital transactions.
after their fairy-tale italian wedding, indian cricket captain virat kohli and actress anushka sharma reached delhi on tuesday to host their wedding reception at a city hotel today evening.
the delhi reception will be followed by another one in mumbai on december 26, which will be attended by anushkas friends from the entertainment industry and the indian cricket team, who will be in mumbai that day to compete with sri lanka in a t20 international at the wankhede stadium.
the delhi reception is being hosted for those friends and family members who could not travel to tuscany for the wedding.
several of virats former delhi teammates from his club cricket and u-17 days will also attend the reception.
even without virats fellow teammates, the reception will have no dearth of star power, with former and current cricketers like kapil dev, virender sehwag, gautam gambhir, yuvraj singh, ashish nehra and suresh raina likely to attend the function.
senior functionaries and office holders from the bcci and ddca, including acting bcci president ck khanna and ipl chairman rajeev shukla are also among the invitees.
finance minister arunjaitley , who was the ddca president from 2000 to 2013, is also expected to attend the celebrations.
virat kohli and anushka sharma's reception will take place in delhi on december 21a source close to the family also tells us that pm modi has also been invited for the reception.
the security is really tight because this reception will be attended by cricketers, politicians, family members from delhi and friends who could not attend the wedding.
while some people have received the wedding invites with customised gifts, most of the guests have received the invitation through mail.
the guests are expected to reply on the same mail confirming their presence and after that, the security tags are being sent to their address.
the guests will then have to show the tags at the entrance and their names will be again cross-checked in the guest list, explains the source.
the newlyweds returned from their honeymoon to delhi on tuesdaythe source adds, invitations have also been sent to sir dominic asquith, british high commissioner to india, nadir patel, high commissioner for canada to india and lorenzo angeloni, ambassador of italy to india.
the italian ambassador has left for his country to celebrate christmas, so he has expressed his regret as he will not be to attend the celebrations.
a source who will be attending the reception also told us that gurdas maan will be performing at the reception.
while security will be tight to keep out gatecrashers, interestingly, there are a couple of events on facebook hosted by fans and fan pages for the event, with over 900 fans 'attending' the reception.
most fans say they plan to stand outside the venue to catch a glimpse of some of the guests.
anushka will then travel with virat to south africa on the 27th, where the indian team play their next series.
the couple will spend new year's eve together in south africa before anushka starts shooting for imtiaz ali's upcoming film in january.
-- with inputs from divya.
they have already recovered rs 80,000 crore from 66 cases resolved by the national company law tribunal (nclt).
the minister said according to the nclt database, in 4,452 cases disposed at the pre-admission stage, the amount apparently settled was around rs 2 lakh crore.
he said so far 1,322 cases have been admitted by the nclt and 66 have been resolved after adjudication.
in 260 cases, liquidation has been ordered.
increase in conversion of npas (non-performing asset) into standard accounts and decline in new accounts falling in the npa category show a definite improvement in the lending and borrowing behaviour, the fm said, while praising the two years of the insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc).
he said the nclt has become a trusted forum of high credibility.
those who drive the companies to insolvency, exit from management.
the selection of new management has been an honest and transparent process.
there has been no political or governmental interference in the cases, the fm said.
he said the recoveries of funds parked in insolvent companies have taken place through three methods: first, after the introduction of section 29 (a), such companies are paying up in anticipation of not crossing the red line and being referred to nclt.
as a result, the banks have started receiving monies from potential debtors who pay in anticipation of the default.
the defaulters know well that once they get into ibc they will surely be out of management because of section 29 (a).
also, the fm said that once a petition of the creditor is filed before the nclt, many debtors have been paying at the pre-admission stage so that the declaration of insolvency does not take place.
third, many major insolvency cases have already been resolved and many are on the way of resolving.
those which cannot be resolved move towards liquidation and the banks are receiving the liquidation value, the fm said.
this is the first clear comment from the government about the future of air india.
today they have a market share of 14  and a debt of rs 50,000 crore.
your money does not go into private sector airlines such as indigo, spicejet, go air, jet airways then why should you put rs 50,000 crore in running air india?
government money means your money.
when asked about the government's strategy to deal air india, the finance minister said that if a good management comes forward, government will consider disinvestment .
jaitley explained that of rs 50,000 crore debt, nearly rs 25,000 crore is the value of aircraft.
the airline also has some other assets.
the civil aviation ministry is exploring all options.
on may 17, toi had reported that the government has the government has tasked niti aayog to devise a road map for the beleaguered state run carrier, which may include recommendation for a strategic sale.
the fm also said that strategic sales in state run firms will gather pace in the next two years.
let there be no misunderstanding that we are going slow on disinvestments.
the modi government had promised to push ahead with strategic disinvestment , which involves ceding management control, when it swept to power in may 2014 but the process has made limited progress.
the vajpayee government had made efforts to sell a stake in air india and the then disinvestment minister arun shourie had promised to push ahead with a strategic sale even if one bidder was in the fray.
but the plans fell through and air india continued as a state-run entity.
estimates suggested that the airline has liabilities of over rs 52,000 crore, with the interest burden alone estimated at rs 4,000 crore a year.
while rs 25,000 crore has been pumped in over the last five years, a similar amount has been committed till 2032.
a large part of the blame is on the way the national carrier was operated during 2005-07 when an aircraft acquisition plan of rs 50,000 crore.
the airline's turnover was around rs 15,000 crore.
that put air india under a severe debt burden.
in connaught place there is a hotel on 4 to 5 acres of land and even 10  of the rooms are not occupied.
tt is rented out to only government offices.
are we running hotels in this manner?
it's a farce, he said.
new delhi, jun 10 () the government is weighing various options, including qualified institutional placement (qip), to bring down its stake in idbi bank.
the government currently holds 80.
96 per cent stake in the mumbai-based bank.
three-four options are being looked at, including private placement of shares to institutional investors through qip route, a finance ministry official told .
the proposal for the issue of equity capital through various alternative modes, including qip, is listed as one of the agenda for the annual general meeting of the bank to be held in august.
a decision in this regard will be taken in the next few months, the official said, adding the government has already started the transformation process of the bank like re-balancing of its assets along with shedding of stake in the non-core business.
in addition, the bank is getting adequate capital support to strengthen its financial health, the official said.
earlier this year, the government infused rs 10,610 crore, the highest to any public sector bank.
out of this, rs 7,881 crore was allotted by way of recapitalisation bonds, and rs 2,729 cr as the direct capital infusion for fy18.
jaitley had said that india is not ready for privatisation of psu banks and their present characteristics will continue except for idbi bank.
we are trying to consolidate some of the banks, which may otherwise find it difficult in a competitive environment .
.
.
in one case we are thinking of reducing the government stake to 49 per cent, idbi bank, he had said.
mumbai: finance minister arunjaitley and his cabinet colleagues piyush goyal and nitin gadkari lashed out at the rbis approach in changing rules of the game and defended the governments stand in its tussle with the central bank which led to urjit patel stepping down as governor on monday.
the finance minister was addressing times network india economic conclave here.
in some situations, the autonomous institutions also have to be informed that there is some difficulty arising in the system that requires to be corrected, he said.
jaitley reminded critics that it was congress governments, led by jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi, that had asked rbi governors to resign.
union roads and shipping minister nitin gadkari hit out at government critics, asserting the government has not destroyed the rbi.
he added that there is a need for the central bank to support the governments economic policies, arguing that the rbi is part and parcel of the government that runs the nation.
speaking at the same event, goyal defended the governments stand on easing lending norms for weak banks and a new capital framework for the rbi.
goyal said that the prompt corrective action (pca) norms, which restrict lending by weak banks, were first introduced by the rbi during the vajpayee government and these rules were suddenly changed in 2017.
he said that capital requirements for indian banks were made stricter than global norms.
it is like changing the rules of the game, when the cricket match is halfway through, said goyal.
the minister for railways, who held charge of the finance ministry between may and august 2018, strongly denied the charge that the government was dipping into rbis reserves for its spending.
it is a complete canard that is sought to be spread by certain people.
the finance minister has categorically said that we are meeting our fiscal deficit targets without taking a single rupee from reserves of the rbi, said goyal.
when you give an example of argentina and compare it with a country like india  a country which has never defaulted on any international obligation irrespective of which government in power  this kind of allusion is not acceptable, said goyal.
he was referring to the speech by deputy governor viral acharya where the example of argentina was cited to explain how dipping into a central banks reserves could hurt the economy.
responding to former rbi governor raghuram rajans criticism of the government action on the rbi, goyal said that this gentleman (rajan) appears to be looking for a political career.
the minister also highlighted how the markets had risen after both rajan and patel had stepped down as an affirmation of the governments actions.
jaitley said that the differences between the government and the rbi included credit flow into the system and the liquidity support.
he said that the government had initiated discussions to convey its concerns to the central bank.
a discussion with an important institution, which is independent and autonomous, to tell it that its a part of your functions and therefore this is an important area of an economy which you must look at, how is it destruction of the institution?
he said.
new delhi, apr 17 () finance minister arunjaitley today said there is more than adequate currency in circulation and the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly.
there have been reports of currency shortage in at least six states -- gujarat, eastern mahashtra, madhya pradesh, bihar, andhra pradesh and telangana.
jaitley said in a tweet that he has reviewed the currency situation in the country.
overall there is more than adequate currency in circulation and also available with the banks.
minister of state for finance shiv pratap shukla said the government has formed a committee to address the problem of currency shortage in certain states and the issue would be resolved in next 2-3 days.
the government has set up state-wise committee and rbi has also formed a committee to transfer currency from one state to other because for money transfer you need the permission of the rbi.
it (the shortage) will be solved in 2-3 days, shukla said.
rbi report show that the currency in circulation in the country has reached the pre-demonetisation level of about rs 17 lakh crore.
after a quiet, intimate tuscan wedding, virat kohli and anushka sharma's delhi reception on thursday was the talk of the town.
attended by the couple's friends and family as well as politicians and cricketers, the reception was a grand affair.
the most awaited guest was prime minister narendra modi, who wished the couple and gave them a red rose each.
finance minister arunjaitley and bcci acting president ck khanna were also present at the reception.
while the indian cricket team is supposed to attend the mumbai reception on december 26, delhi-based cricketers gautam gambhir, suresh raina and shikhar dhawan were there at thursday's party.
the pm came to wish the newlyweds at their delhi reception on thursdaythe pm with virat, anushka and her familyarun arunjaitley at the receptionpunjabi flavour to the celebrationthe newlyweds kept their look very traditional.
dressed in a red and gold banarasi sari, anushka sported chooda and sindoor and wore mogras in her hair.
virat complemented his bride in a black silk bandhgala, brocade churidaar and an antique pashmina shawl.
virat kohli and anushka sharma (bccl/ ranjit kumar)virat and anushka with (left) british high commissioner dominic asquith and wife lady louise asquith and (right) canadian high commissioner nadir patel and wife jennifer grahamgiven that it was the most high-profile party that delhi has witnessed in a while, coupled with the presence of the pm, there was tight security at the venue, with more than a dozen policemen present.
the couple made an appearance for the media for a few minutes, before heading to the main party area.
those who attended the reception told us that it wasnt a huge gathering, it was just their families and close friends from delhi who couldnt attend their wedding and a few politicians and diplomats.
since no celebration in delhi is complete without punjabi music, there was a special performance by punjabi singer gurdas maan.
virat and anushka joined the guests on the dance floor to show their moves.
after meeting the guests and a formal photo shoot, the two joined their family and friends on the dance floor and had a lot of fun.
everyone has seen them dance at other weddings and this time, the two danced to celebrate their own wedding, a guest told us.
and gautam gambhirshikhar dhawan, priyanka raina, suresh raina and ayesha mukherjeeoutside the venue, fans crowded to catch a glimpse of virat and anushka.
many of them had come from mumbai, jaipur and chandigarh just for the reception.
the police tried to clear the road, but the fans refused to move and were prepared to wait the whole night just to see them once.
abhijeet, who came from sonepat, said, i have been waiting for six hours.
i especially came for the reception.
hotel ke andar jane ka raasta toh yehi hai, shayad ek baar virat, anushka dikh jaye.
another fan, sandeep sarna, said, i just wanted to get a selfie with their car.
kam se kam car ko toh dekh kar pata chal jayega ki virat ki hai.
while not many from the cricket fraternity attended the reception, fans gathered outside had high hopes of getting to see sachin tendulkar.
gurdas manntanya nagpal, a college student who lives near the hotel and waited for hours, said, i am here for virat kohli and i dont mind standing here till late night.
i am just hoping i get to see him once.
however, not all were happy with the wedding, there were some fans of anushka who were close to tears, asking, shaadi ki itni kya jaldi thi?
new delhi, may 14 () the income tax department has launched an online facility to correct errors in names and other details in permanent account number (pan) and aadhaar document.
alongside the facility to link biometric identifier aadhaar with pan, the department has also put two separate hyperlinks on its e-filing website -- one to update changes in existing pan data or for application of new pan by an indian or a foreign citizen.
the second hyperlink is for individuals who want to update aadhaar details by logging into 'aadhaar self service update portal' using the unique identity number.
the individual can then upload scanned documents as proof for data update request.
over 1.
22 crore assessees already have aadhaar-linked pan but the number is abysmally low as there are over 25 crore pan card holders in the country, while aadhaar has been issued to 111 crore people.
as per statistics with the tax department, only 6 crore people file income tax returns at present.
finance minister arunjaitley , through an amendment to the finance bill for 2017-18, had made aadhaar mandatory for filing income tax returns and provided for linking of pan with aadhaar to curb tax evasion through use of multiple pan cards.
last week, the income tax department launched a facility to enable a taxpayer to link his aadhaar and pan.
it required a person to put in pan and aadhaar number along with his name as per the unique identification authority of india (uidai) data.
after verification from the uidai, the linking will be confirmed.
in case of any minor mismatch in aadhaar name provided, aadhaar otp will be sent to the mobile number registered with the uidai.
additionally, the income tax department has now launched a facility to correct anomalies in pan or aadhaar document.
this year, before the budget was being prepared, the prime minister had told us to take some steps in the budget to cleanse the political parties, and out of that the electoral bonds scheme was born, he said addressing bjp workers here.
we are in the process of shortly announcing the nature of the scheme, he said.
in the budget 2017-18, the government had proposed amendment to the rbi act to enable issuance of electoral bonds.
on gst, he said from july 1 onwards india will become a uniform market, where goods and services will flow freely across the country and curb evasions.
jaitley said in the last three years, not even a single allegation of corruption has been levelled against the modi government, for it has divested itself from discretionary power and allowed the system to decide all matters.
why is it that, in the last three years, not a single allegation of corruption has been made against the government?
the reason is simple .
.
.
the government has divested itself from all discretionary powers, and left everything to be decided by the system, he said.
we have allocated spectrum and coal blocks, but nobody comes to meet us .
.
.
the system, the market mechanism decide it, and hence there is no scope for misuse of power and corruption, he said.
on karnataka politics, arunjaitley hoped that the party would put its heart and soul to bring it back to power under the leadership of b s yeddyurappa yeddyurappaji is in the driver's seat.
under his leadership, everybody will unitedly put his heart and soul and bring bjp back to power.
karnataka will become part of an aspirational india which does not believe in caste and dynastic politics, but performance of the government, he said.
jaitley added that neither caste nor dynastic politics will be enough to win elections.
b'were bjp leaders the target of the blast or was it triggered only to create a fear psychosis?
deputy chief minister and home minister r ashoka says party leaders were indeed the target.
terror and twin cities: a study in contrastbangalore:party sources said the office was targeted as national leaders have been frequent visitors here for a month now due to elections.
opposition leader in the rajya sabha, arunjaitley , has been camping in the office for 10 days now, strategizing for the polls and finalizing the tour programmes of national leaders.
but he was not in office on wednesday as top leaders - chief minister jagadish shettar, deputy chief ministers k s eshwarappa and ashoka - were filing their nominations.
the movement of top bjp leaders is expected to go up after april 20 when campaigning kicks off.
soon after the blast, police cleared the staff in the bjp office and sanitized the premises twice.
later the gates of bjp office were locked.
and barring its staff, none was allowed to enter the office.
initially we thought it was a cylinder blast, but later it was confirmed that it was a bomb blast.
it appears that anti-national elements want to create fear psychosis among bjp cadres just before elections.
all our staffers were back at work immediately.
bjp volunteers can\'t be cowed down by such threats, said party spokespersons mh sridhar and s prakash.
they also said it was providential that police had banned parking outside party office due to movement of vips.
normally vehicles are parked adjacent to the party\'s compound, but for a month they were being parked a little away from the office, prakash said.
though the office is 50 feet away from the blast site, some of the glass structures came crashing down and a metal piece flew in through a window and landed in the office hall.
it has been handed over to police.
the boston and bangalore blasts happened in quick succession.
but the divergent reaction to the two events is a study in how politicians respond to the attack: one mature and restrained and the other quick to politicize and trivialize the seriousness.
we still do not know who did this or why and people shouldn\'t jump to conclusions before we have all the facts.
i\'ve updated leaders of congress in both parties, and we reaffirmed that on days like this there are no republicans or democrats  we are americans, united in concern for our fellow citizens.
barack obama, us presidentif the blast near bjp\'s office in bangalore is a terror attack, it will certainly help the bjp politically on the eve of election shakeel ahmed, congress leaderit is a very clear act of terror.
it is targeted at the bjp, our senior leaders and workers.
this story is from december 23, 2018(with inputs from pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the nda in bihar announced its seat sharing on sunday with bjp president amit shah announcing that bjp and jd (u) will contest in 17 seats each and ljp will get the rest 6.
the nda will send ljp chief ram vilas paswan to rajya sabha the decisions are only with regard to bihar, shah said in response to a question whether ljp will get a seat in uttar pradesh for the lok sabha elections.
amit shah asserted that the ruling nda will win more than 31 seats it had in 2014 and expressed confidence that it will come back to power in 2019.
the state has 40 lok sabha seats.
the seat sharing announcement was made in the presence of jd(u) president and bihar cm nitish kumar, paswan and his son chirag.
paswan will be sent to the rajya sabha at the earliest opportunity, amit shah told reporters, following a brief meeting with kumar and the lok janshakti party chief, who is also a cabinet minister in the modi government.
the deal suggests a victory of sorts for the ljp, which had adopted an aggressive stand seeking a better bargain from the bjp after the exit of upendra kushwaha-led rlsp from the ruling alliance.
on ram mandir issue, bihar chief minister nitish kumar said, every party has its own agenda.
we have been with bjp since 2009.
our stand is clear.
it has to be resolved either by a court decision or by mutual understanding, he added.
nitish kumar too has managed to underline his importance for the saffron party, which will now contest on fewer number of seats than it had contested in 2014 and won 22 of them.
the bjp will now have to let go of at least five of its winning seats.
the jd(u), which had fought the 2014 polls independently, and the ljp, which was a bjp ally, had won two and six seats respectively.
shah said all allies will soon decide on distribution of lok sabha constituencies among them for fielding their candidates in 2019.
paswan, whose son chirag had created a flutter with his comments seen as critical of the bjp and the central government, claimed sunday there was never a problem in the alliance as he has nurtures the nda tree for five years under modi's leadership.
a government under modi will be formed again, he said.
the dalit leader also thanked finance minister arunjaitley , who played a role in brokering peace between his party and the bjp.
in his comments, the bihar chief minister, who enjoys good equations with paswan, noted that the nda had won 32 of the 40 seats in bihar in 2009 even though results across the country had gone against it.
this time we will do better than that, he said.
he was a bjp ally in 2009 before parting ways with it in 2013.
he joined the nda again in 2017.
commenting on the decision to send paswan, presently a lok sabha member from hajipur in bihar, to rajya sabha, kumar said it is a recognition to his long service to the country and also thanked the bjp for the decision.
paswan is a nine-term member of the lok sabha and the decision means that the 72-year-old leader is unlikely to contest any more popular election and will be handing over the reins of the party to his son, who was also present during the announcement, in the near future.
kanpur: two groups of bharatiya janata party (bjp) supporters have lodged firs against each other at chakeri police station in connection with a clash which occurred on sunday.
the two groups had entered into a brawl in krishnanagar gandhigram in chakeri area during bjp's vijay sankalp rally on sunday.
the brawl was said to be the fallout of criticism by the members of both the groups during a party workers' meeting in which senior bjp leader arunjaitley was present.
jaitley had come to take part in the vijay sankalp rally to sensitise his party men over the bjp's stand in the upcoming assembly elections in uttar pradesh.
on the complaint of one raj ballabh pandey, a case has been lodged against one rakesh tewari and 17 others.
no one has been arrested so far, said jai shanker prasad, inspector, chakeri police station.
rakesh tewari too lodged a cross fir in which raj ballabh pandey, his father radhey shyam pandey and some of their associates have been named as accused, the inspector added.
according to preliminary reports, the scuffle ensued between the two groups over the issue of occupying a pandal at the venue.
the trouble started at around 1 pm when radhey shyam, who was representing maharajpur constituency, arrived at the venue along with several supporters and asked the satish mahana group to vacate the pandal.
the supporters of satish mahana, sitting bjp mla from the cantt area, however, insisted that the pandal was erected for the cantt party workers.
later, the supporters from both the sides had a heated argument and came to exchanging blows.
when my supporters objected, they went on a rampage, created unruly scenes and attacked them including my son raj ballabh pandey, who is city president of hindu jagran manch, with sticks leaving them critically wounded, said radhey shyam pandey.
meanwhile, the party insiders said that the actual dispute was over the distribution of ticket for the maharajpur assembly segment for the upcoming assembly elections in the state.
the police officials said they had rushed the spot on being informed of a scuffle between two groups of bjp supporters.
timely intervention succeeded in stopping the fight before things could have gone out of control.
one person has sustained serious head injuries.
he was admitted to a nearby hospital, police said.
senior bjp leader arunjaitley , while talking to journalists, however, termed the incident as a fallout of dispute between two party workers which had been later sorted out.
pakistan pm imran khan hypes the kashmir situation, personally attacks pm modi, and increases the volatility in the https://t.
co/orsfvv7xb9  tim roemer (@tim_roemer) 1567272446000recent passing of my friend, finance minister of india arun jaitley.
he was a bridge builder, brilliant lawyer, and https://t.
co/c1hjkdctjq  tim roemer (@tim_roemer) 1567088772000washington: the us should remain steady in its policy towards the strategic ties with india and must push islamabad for real results on counterterrorism cooperation, former us ambassador to india tim roemer has said, as he hit out at pakistan prime minister imran khan for ratcheting up the kashmir issue.
roemer oversaw the signing of the counterterrorism cooperation initiative which broadened us-india coordination in intelligence and security cooperation.
he has helped strengthen us cooperation with india in technology transfers and sales in the defence and space industries.
roemer said prime minister khan was hyping the kashmir situation and blamed him for personally attacking his indian counterpart narendra modi.
pakistan pm imran khan hypes the kashmir situation, personally attacks pm modi, and increases the volatility in the region, he said.
us policy should remain steady toward strategic relations with india, emphasise counterterrorism cooperation, and push pakistan for real results, roemer said in a tweet on saturday, tagging khan's the new york times opinion piece on kashmir.
in the write-up, khan says if the world does nothing to stop the indian assault on kashmir and its people, the two nuclear-armed states will get ever closer to a direct military confrontation.
the world needs warriors for peace and negotiation.
hopefully, india takes the initiative for stability in kashmir.
china should be neutral.
america knows india is its long term strategic partner in democracy, values and the valued diaspora, roemer said.
his remarks came amidst fresh indo-pak tensions, which spiked after india abrogated provisions of article 370 of the constitution to revoke jammu and kashmir's special status and bifurcated it into two union territories.
pakistan has been trying to raise the issue at various international fora, but india has maintained that it is an internal matter.
the former ambassador who played a key role in deepening the us-india ties, also condoled the passing away of former finance minister arun jaitley.
recent passing of my friend, finance minister of india arun jaitley.
he was a bridge builder, brilliant lawyer, and huge cricket fan.
the people of india will miss a dedicated public servant, he said.
roemer served as american ambassador to india from 2009 to 2011 during barack obama's presidentship.
during his time in office, ambassador roemer helped move india from being america's 25th largest trading partner to 12th.
this story is from january 21, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
trichy: defence minister nirmala sitharaman inaugurated the tamil nadu defence industrial corridor on sunday, taking a step forward to boost indigenous production of defence equipment through msmes.
defence public sector undertakings (dpsu) and private defence products manufacturers have declared investments worth over rs 3,100 crore in the five nodal cities chosen for the corridor  chennai, trichy, salem, coimbatore and hosur.
ordnance factory board, bharat electronics limited and bharat dynamics limited committed to invest rs 2,305 crore, rs 140.
5 crore and rs 150 crore respectively while private companies tvs, data patterns and alpha designs would make investments of rs 50 crore, rs 75 crore and rs 100 crore, respectively.
lockheed martin, one of the global security giants, also announced its intention to invest in the corridor.
the idea behind setting up defence industrial corridors was to ensure connectivity among various defence industrial units.
the response from the local industry to this defence corridor has been amazing.
they even wanted to extend this corridor up to palakkad but we had to tell them that it would currently consist of these five nodes (cities) only, sitharaman said.
the five nodal cities have existing defence ecosystem in the form of ordnance factory boards, vendors working with defence psus, and other allied industries.
the meeting in trichy was attended by over 500 industry representatives.
several ministers and senior officials of the state government, senior defence ministry officials and executives from defence psus were present at the event.
the government has envisaged building corridors in uttar pradesh and tamil nadu.
on august 11 last year, the uttar pradesh defence industrial corridor was launched at aligarh with investments of rs 3,732 crore.
sundays event saw ordnance factory trichy (oft) releasing indigenously developed trichy assault rifle (tar) to border security force.
similarly, a model of arjun mark-1a battle tank developed by the defence research and development organisation (drdo) was also launched.
as many as six defence products including wing assembly for lca tejas, electro-optic pods to locate targets and a military vehicle manufactured by ashok leyland were also launched on the occasion.
we request tamil nadu government to form defence clusters in nodal cities for attracting investments in the corridor.
officials and bureaucrats in the state should be pro-actively carrying forward the initiative to enable the state to reap the benefits, nirmala sitharaman said at the meeting.
earlier, the defence minister also inaugurated the countrys first incubation centre named codissia defence innovation and incubation centre at coimbatore.
addressing the gathering, dr ajay kumar, secretary of defence productions, said, tamil nadu has already done a remarkable achievement in textile, automobile and it sectors, and we hope that similar achievements would be made in defence industrial corridor as well.
in the past few months, experts in defence manufacturing from the dpsus and private firms had made multiple visits to the nodal cities for identifying potential msmes to work with for manufacturing locally components that were being imported so far.
graphic elements:investment announcements at trichys.
nocompanys nameamount in crore1.
ordnance factory board (ofb)2305.
002.
bharat electronics limited (bel)140.
503.
bharat earth movers limited (beml)40.
004.
bharat dynamics limited (bdl)150.
005.
mazagon dock shipbuilders limited (mdl)15.
006.
tvs defence30.
007.
data patterns75.
008.
alpha designs100.
009.
aidat163.
0010.
aerospace engineers105.
00total3123.
50*defence ministry officials said that the investments announced for over rs 3,100 crores will be spread over the five nodal cities named in the defence corridor.
trichy-specific investments:1) ordnance factory trichy:orders for more trichy assault rifles (tar) likely2) alpha design technologies:pune-based firm may invest in trichy to manufacture defence electronics and avionics systems3) aerospace industry development association of tamil nadu (aidat)the association promoting aerospace defence industry ecosystem has plans to invest in defence component production at trichytechnical expertise available in trichy:siemens centre of excellence (coe), nit trichy | welding research institute, bhel trichy | indian institute of management (iim), trichypotential sectors in trichy to play role in defence corridor:1) manufacturing(shipbuilding and missile components)2) agriculture and processed foods(processed banana for armed forces in glaciers)3) textiles(bulletproof vests and army outfits)voxpop:m c sampath, tamil nadu industries minister:we are committed to encouraging investment activities under the defence corridor.
adequate land available on manapparai sipcot campus situated 40km away from trichy can be utilised by the investors to set up production units.
nirmala sitharaman, defence minister:we have no intentions to undermine the activities of defence public sector undertakings (dpsu).
trichy-based entrepreneurs should pro-actively engage in taking forward the defence corridor initiative.
p kumar, trichy mp:trichy badly needs integrated bus terminus (ibt) for which we request defence ministry to hand over the unused defence land at mannarpuram.
this story is from december 31, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the special cbi judge, mumbai, who deals with cbi cases had acquitted all accused in sohrabuddin case, the minister said, adding more relevant than the order of the acquittal is the observation of the judge that in the investigation, from the very beginning, investigating agency did not investigate the case professionally in order to find out the truth but to divert it towards certain political persons.
jaitley in his facebook post titled: 'who killed the sohrabuddin investigation' said that those who have recently shown a belated concern for institutional independence, should seriously introspect as to what they did to the cbi when they were in power.
the minister further said that as leader of opposition in the rajya sabha, he had written a letter to the then prime minister manmohan singh on september 27, 2013, detailing the politicisation of the investigation in the sohrabuddin, tulsi prajapati , ishrat jahan, rajinder rathore and the haren pandya cases.
every word of what i have said in the letter, over the next five years, have proven to be true.
earlier this month, a special cbi court acquitted all the 22 accused in the sohrabuddin case.
the court while passing its judgement also said that the cbi probed the alleged fake encounter killings of gangster sohrabuddin shaikh, his wife kausar bi and his aide tulsi prajapati with a 'pre-conceived and premeditated' theory to implicate political leaders.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley has called the decision of congress mps to withdraw their petition challenging rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu 's order rejecting a removal motion against cji dipak misra as admission of its attempts to bowl on a friendly pitch.
jaitley labelled the effort for a removal motion as wholly misconceived as it lacked substance and was just an attempt to fish in troubled waters.
if the motion for impeachment was unsustainable, the writ petition challenging the order of the chairman, rajya sabha, was unarguable, he said.
the rulings of the chair on whether to admit a motion or otherwise, are not subject to judicial review, he added.
claiming congress is forum shopping, he said the party had conceived of a strategy to choose a court of its choice for mentioning for constitution of the bench to hear the matter so that an unarguable matter could be arguable before a more receptive court.
the judgment in the unfortunate death of judge loya has already exposed the false hallucination (sic) of the congress party where it concocted the unnatural death theory.
the finance minister said congress's repeated miscalculations are pushing it to the fringe both electorally and on crucial mainstream issues.
fringe organisations have no hope of ever coming to power.
they can, therefore, afford to take positions which they will never have to implement.
new delhi, dec 18 () the financial resolution and deposit insurance bill may not be introduced in parliament even during the budget session, as the joint committee looking into it today got an extension for submitting its report.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan informed the house that extension of time has been granted for the joint panel on the frdi bill up to the last day of budget session, 2018.
it also comes at a time when concerns have been raised in some quarters about certain provisions of the bill, which was introduced in the lok sabha in august this year.
the joint committee on the frdi bill, 2017 have decided to seek extension of time up to the last day of budget session, 2018, as the report of the joint committee would not be ready for presentation by december 15.
the joint committee's motion regarding extension of time could not be moved on december 15 as the house was adjourned after making obituary references.
hence, i have on behalf of the house granted extension of time, mahajan said during zero hour.
the bill proposes to create a framework for overseeing financial institutions such as banks, insurance companies, non-banking financial services (nbfc) companies and stock exchanges in case of insolvency.
the so-called bail-in clause in the draft legislation has been commented upon by experts as of bringing potential harm to deposits, in the form of savings accounts.
the 'resolution corporation', proposed in the bill, would look after the process and prevent the banks from going bankrupt.
it would do this by writing down of the liabilities, a phrase some have interpreted as a bail in.
it also empowers resolution corporation to cancel the liability of a failing bank or convert the nature of the liability.
at present, all deposits up to rs 1 lakh are protected under the deposit insurance and credit guarantee corporation act that is sought to be repealed by the bill.
new delhi: cinema tickets, third party motor insurance, smaller tv sets, power banks, flights for haj and mansarovar yatra and branded frozen vegetables will get cheaper with the gst council slashing rates on 23 items on saturday.
there are indications that rates will be pared for more items - including under-construction flats - when the panel comprising union and state finance ministers meets in january.
with the latest round of cuts, effective january 1, the government has reduced rates on nearly 360 items since gst was introduced almost 18 months ago.
there are indications that in the next meeting a simpler set of rules will be put in place for small- and medium-scale industries and small service providers.
saturday's announcement will cost the exchequer around rs 5,500 crore.
now, only 28 products such as cement, auto parts and air conditioners are left in the top slab of 28 , along with some luxury and sin goods.
we have followed a pragmatic and prudent policy that as revenues move up and affordability increases, we gradually bring down the rates.
a reduction in rates on cement and auto parts from 28  to 18  would have left a rs 33,000 crore fiscal hole, prompting the gst council to keep it for later.
the selection of items where rate reductions (have been) announced appear to be influenced by the desire to minimise revenue dips.
it also indicates that the process of rate rationalisation would continue where necessary in the gst stabilisation phase.
with this round of rate reductions, the gst rates on virtually every product are lower or equal to the indirect tax impact prior to gst, said m s mani, partner at consulting firm deloitte india.
earlier in the week, prime minister narendra modi had articulated his government's intent to reduce the number of goods in the top bracket, saying that 99  of the items will be in the 18  or lower slab.
that had set off a political slugfest with congress claiming credit for the rate cut.
jaitley hit back saying that congress should be blamed for maintaining a 31  levy on several items for years before gst kicked in, which has now been reduced to 18 .
the finance minister said that apart from a decision on gst for under-construction residential units, the gst council will also look at the possibility of putting in place a simpler regime for small service providers who will be given the option of going for a composition scheme that will allow them to pay a flat rate of tax at a highly concessional rate, with the requirement to disclose only their turnover.
a review of the tax rate on lotteries, which ranges between 12  and 28  depending on whether it is state-organised or state-sponsored, is also on the cards, along with a simpler dispensation for msmes.
malaysian billionaire t ananda krishnan +bill to confiscate the assets +nirav modi got back pnb stash via hawala route diamond merchants nirav modi and his uncle mehul choksi, who are accused of defrauding punjab national bank of rs 12,300 crore, brought back most of the money into accounts of their mumbai-based companies through fake transactions, in many cases on the same day, investigations have revealed.
india is clipping the wings of businessmen it considers a flight risk.
weeks after the country's largest bank fraud investigation began, lawmakers, bureaucrats and court officials began drafting tighter rules to prevent citizens fleeing abroad with unpaid dues.
a mumbai court last week ordered top executives of indebted aircel ltd .
, owned by, from leaving india as the failed mobile-carrier slipped into bankruptcy.
the same day, parliament began considering aof so-called fugitive economic offenders, while officials have drawn up a no-fly list of 91 people from firms identified as wilful defaulters or those that refuse to repay loans despite having the means to do so.
the measures may assuage public anger at billionaires who have absconded overseas, leaving behind failed businesses and debts that have contributed to the rs 13 lakh crore of bad loans on banks balance sheets.
prime minister narendra modi , who swept into office in 2014 on a pledge to weed out graft and black money, is clamping down on delinquent borrowers and corporate cheats as he seeks a second term at national elections next year and to contain political damage from the alleged pnb fraud of the tune of rs 13,000 crore uncovered last month.
you first indulge in loot and then refuse to submit to the jurisdiction of our legal system.
a broad crackdown is underway spanning federal criminal investigators, tax officials and the banking regulator, said arpinder singh, a partner with accountancy firm e&y in gurugram, near new delhi, who heads fraud investigation and dispute services in india and emerging markets.
theres a lot of pressure on the industry right now, singh said, adding that the government measures are very timely.
those facing the heat would be evaluating all their options, he said.
the latest measures are part of a wider campaign that includes reining in borrowers with unpaid dues.
rbi in february whittled down bad-debt resolution methods to one: if banks fail to fix a sour loan within 180 days, it will be referred to the bankruptcy court.
the reserve bank of india has taken some very important steps by making banks report delinquencies quickly and enabling strict timelines soon after defaults, said dhruv phophalia, managing director of alvarez & marsal, who leads the professional services firms disputes and investigations practice in india.
these steps are vital to deter wilful defaulters from running away, he said, adding that the measures may bolster confidence in lending markets.
still, given the heightened implications of being referred to as a wilful defaulter, phophalia said its important that government agencies follow an expedited, independent due process of law to decide who falls into that category.
some 31 indians have fled the country to avoid prosecution, lawmakers were told in parliament on march 14.
of those living in the u.k., only one person has been extradited to india during the past three years, with 16 requests pending, v k singh, minister of state for external affairs, has said.
the government needs to strengthen existing systems and extradition procedures instead of drafting new laws, said aditya wadhwa, a new delhi-based criminal lawyer.
parliament is considering enacting the fugitive economic offenders bill to give authorities the power to impound the assets of those who have fled the country after committing an economic offense involving rs 100 crore or more.
this legislation is a knee-jerk reaction of the government, wadhwa said.
we have an extradition law already in place.
the question is why are we unable to effectively implement it?
earlier asset seizures could only happen after a conviction order was secured, which meant delays, eys singh said.
also the new law includes benami, a south asian term that means assets bought in someone elses name, which under the proposed legislation could also be seized.
thats a pretty serious power in the hands of authorities, singh said.
the government is also considering prohibiting 91 people from traveling overseas on account of their roles as owners or directors at 400 companies deemed wilful defaulters, according to a person familiar with the plans.
indian banks have also been asked to provide passport details of individuals who have signed applications or stood guarantors for soured credits of more than rs 50 crore, the person said.
so strong is the concern about businessmen leaving the country that brothers malvinder singh and shivinder singh, who are defending allegations that they siphoned off cash from two of their publicly traded businesses, assured in a february 22 statement that we are not going anywhere.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will address the reserve bank of india's central board of directors on monday to discuss a range of topics.
last friday, arunjaitley had resumed charge of the finance ministry after a hiatus of nearly one month following his medical treatment.
in january, rbi governor shaktikanta das had said the central bank was yet to take a decision on dividend.
so far rbi has not indicated anything but its audit board had taken up the matter recently.
this will be the first meet after the interim budget 2019-20.
on the agenda: governments request for payment of interim dividend for the current financial year, among other things.
the board will finalise the transfer of interim dividend based on the central bank's first six months of audited earnings (rbi follows a july-june financial year, so the first half was over in december).
rbi has already transferred rs 40,000 crore in the current year (2018-19) compared to rs 50,000 crore, including rs 10,000 crore interim dividend, last year.
the government expects an interim dividend of rs 28,000 crore which (if rbi agrees to it) will take the total surplus transfer for 2018-19 to rs 68,000 crore.
in the interim budget 2019-20, the government has projected a fiscal deficit target of 3.
4  for the financial year 2019-20.
dividend payments from rbi will help the government in bridging some of the gap and also give some space to the government to boost the economy in an election year.
a new rbi governor, shaktikanta das, took over recently following the abrupt resignation of urjit patel.
das, a former economic affairs secretary, was the government's face during demonetisation and is widely expected to go with the government's view.
the government and the rbi have been locked in a tussle over the transfer of excess reserves of the central bank.
a committee is reviewing the rules governing surplus transfers.
government believes that rbi is sitting on much higher reserves than it actually needs to tide over financial emergencies that india may face.
some central banks around the world (like us and uk) keep 13  to 14  of their assets as reserve, compared to rbi's 27  and some (like russia) more than that.
rbi's held total assets rs 36.
17 lakh crore on june 30 on its balance sheet.
at 27  of this, the central bank would have around rs 9.
7 lakh crore as reserves.
if it were to bring it down to 14  as the government probably wants, it would be left with about rs 5 lakh crore.
that means an excess capital of rs 4.
7 lakh crore to be handed over to the government.
new delhi: accusing the congress of a volte-face on fdi in multi-brand retail, bjp on monday attacked prime minister manmohan singh and upa chairperson sonia gandhi for not being on the same page on several issues confronting the country.
leader of the opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley , initiating the debate on the appropriations bill moved by finance minister pranab mukherjee, said the nda regime during its tenure (from 1998 to 2004) had always been cautious about allowing fdi in retail despite opening up several other sectors.
congress, too, had then described any move to allow fdi in retail as anti-national, with priya ranjan dasmunshi leading the charge in parliament, without any of the top congress leaders objecting to his remarks, said jaitley.
the then leader of opposition in rajya sabha pm singh had even written letters to trade organizations to hold that congress had got an assurance from the nda regime that there was no proposal to invite fdi in retail trade.
so, at that time, you were very clear about it, said jaitley.
the bjp leader hit out at upa's political structure for policy paralysis on the economic front.
the pm cannot be a ceo merely implementing decisions by a board, he said, adding the crisis had worsened in upa-ii with the pm and upa chairperson appearing to be on different pages even ideologically.
even on the retail issue, there was not a single statement of support from the upa chairperson, nor was there any political consensus even within upa.
the decision had to be suspended not because there was a national opposition but due to wide divisions within the upa.
but while he took swipes at the pm, who he said seemed to be bereft of any authority, arunjaitley praised mukherjee for his trouble-shooting role on behalf of the government on several contentious issues.
holding that if the government wanted political consensus on different issues, it needed to be big-hearted rather being an arrogant big brother.
he said the indian manufacturing sector required a number of reforms before the retail sector was opened up.
first, we have to carry out preceding reforms before jumping to the last big one, he said.
urjit patel quits rbi: the 'vigilant owl' flies out amid differences with government at the peak of a very ugly public spat between the rbi and the centre, industrialist rahul bajaj, who has a history of not mincing his words, commended rbi governor urjit patel for showing the spine.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on friday replied in negative to a question whether the government was not satisfied with the functioning of the rbi .
in a written reply to the lok sabha , the minister quoted a report of imf, which said supervision and regulation by central bank was strong and improved in recent years.
the government and the rbi under the previous governor urjit patel were at loggerheads on several issues, including over appropriate size of reserves which the central bank should hold.
there were also differences over the lending to the small and medium enterprises, and norms concerning supervisory action over public sector banks under pca of the rbi.
the differences reached a flash point with patel suddenly quitting on december 10.
patels resignation was being speculated from the time the government cited a never-before-used provision of rbi act to get him to consider its views on relaxing lending norms for segments such as smes, appropriate size of reserves rbi must maintain and easing norms for weak banks.
new delhi: following weeks of political drama, the telugu desam party ( tdp ) on friday decided to quit the nda, days after two of its ministers resigned from the narendra modi government following the centre's refusal to grant special category status to andhra pradesh.
special category status used to be granted to some regions that have historically been at a disadvantage compared with the rest of the country.
this decision was taken by the national development council (ndc), a body of the former planning commission, and was based on various parameters such as:1.
hilly and difficult terrain2.
low population density3.
low resource base3.
strategic location along the borders of the country4.
economic and infrastructure backwardness5.
non-viable nature of the states finances.
6.
sizable share of tribal populationjammu & kashmir was the first state to get special category status, and another 10 states were added over the years, with uttarakhand being the last in 2010.
tdp wants special category status so that andhra pradesh will get special benefits and will be able to attract more investment, which will help it revive its economy following the loss of its capital hyderabad to telangana.
the benefits that a state gets under the provision of being a 'special state' are - preferential treatment in getting central funds assistance concession on excise duty to attract industries to the state a significant 30 per cent of the centres gross budget goes to the special category states these states can avail the benefit of debt swapping and debt relief schemes in the case of centrally sponsored schemes and external aid, special category states get it in the ratio of 90 per cent grants and 10 per cent loans, while other states get 30 per cent of their funds as grants.
tax breaks to attract investmentwhen andhra pradesh was bifurcated in 2014, it sought special category status on the grounds that it was at a disadvantage, since it would lose a significant amount of revenue as a result of hyderabad going to telangana, the new state that came into existence on june 2, 2014.
andhra pradesh was promised special category status by the congress government, which was at the centre during the state bifurcation, and by the bjp during the course of its 2014 election campaign, manmohan singh, who was then prime minister, said in the rajya sabha that special category status would be extended to andhra pradesh for five years to help put the state on a firmer footing.
this oral submission by the then pm has been the basis for andhra pradeshs claim to the status.
bjp, which was in the opposition, also stated that its would extend it to five more years if it formed the government.
however, the 14th finance commission changed this.
the 14th finance commission did away with distinction between general and special category states since it had taken into account the level of backwardness of states in the proposed transfer of funds to states.
the idea was that adequate resources would be allocated through tax devolution and grants to address interstate inequalities.
the special category status was therefore restricted to the three hill states ( j&k, himachal pradesh and uttarakhand) and those in the northeast.
it was also decided that a revenue deficit grant would be provided for certain states for which devolution alone would be insufficient.
andhra was one of the states that were to be given a revenue deficit grant.
jaitley also said rs 4,000 crore had been granted to andhra to bridge its revenue deficit and only rs 138 crore was left.
new delhi: the government has secured the support of bjp on the bill to reform the pension sector by agreeing to the main opposition's demand that the scheme offer a minimum assured return and foreign investment be capped at 26 .
the new pension scheme (nps) will offer an option for an assured return of 8.
6  for investments in government bonds, while subscribers willing to take a higher degree of risk can look at other choices, where their contributions are invested in a mix of private and government placements.
an understanding over the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) bill was arrived at on monday at a meeting between finance minister pranab mukherjee and bjp leaders l k advani, arunjaitley , sushma swaraj and yashwant sinha in parliament.
however, no consensus was possible with regard to the companies bill.
this is the second occasion on which the government and bjp have cooperated on the pfrda bill that seeks to give statutory cover to the nps in force since 2003.
the bill was introduced in parliament in the face of left resistance with bjp's backing and now its prospects of passage seem bright and it may be moved on wednesday.
the terms of the deal are on the lines of the recommendations of the finance standing committee of parliament that did not agree with the government's proposal that foreign investment in pension funds be raised to 49 , and also called for an assured rate of return, arguing that senior citizens should be given security on their investment.
the committee was also critical about the mediocre performance of the fund so far and the relatively low number of subscribers.
while the government looked uncertain about the bill last week, mukherjee's renewed bid for an agreement has borne fruit.
bjp also seems prepared to be more accommodative towards mukherjee, who the party feels is not needlessly combative towards the opposition.
passage of the pension bill will be an important gain for the government after the reverses it has suffered over reform initiatives like foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail apart from the finance standing committee turning down proposed changes in the banking laws that would have given private investors voting rights equal to their investment.
on the companies bill, government conceded bjp's demand for allowing limited liability partnership (llp) that would enable a group comprising only professionals from a category like chartered accountants or company secretaries to form their own company.
but the government has proposed so many changes to the bill - already scrutinized by a standing committee - that it is now looking very different.
the changes are in addition to those proposed by the committee, said bjp sources.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will contest his rajya sabha seat from uttar pradesh instead of gujarat , which he has represented for long with bjp set to win eight seats in uttar pradesh.
bjps quota of seats from gujarat has decreased after the last assembly elections with congress tally rising.
petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan will contest from madhya pradesh instead of his current representation from bihar, the bjp central election committee announced on wednesday.
the party on wednesday announced the names of seven union ministers and one general secretary for the upcoming rs polls in various states.
social justice minister thaawarchand gehlot will be re-contest from mp, law minister ravi shankar prasad from bihar and j p nadda from hp.
prakash javadekar has been nominated from maharashtra.
new delhi, nov 25 () the government plans to complete the sale of air india ground handling subsidiary aiatsl by march 2019, an official said.
air india is reeling under a huge debt burden of over rs 50,000 crore and the government is planning to sell its non-core subsidiaries of the national carrier.
we are looking to conclude strategic sale of air india air transport services limited (aiatsl) in current fiscal.
we will soon invite bids from merchant bankers for managing the sale process, the official told .
the sale proceeds would add up to the government's disinvestment kitty.
the government has so far has raised over rs 15,200 crore from cpse stake sale in current fiscal as against the budgeted target of rs 80,000 crore.
the government is launching a follow on public offer of cpse exchange traded fund (etf) on november 27, targeting to raise up to rs 14,000 crore.
as part of its plans to take forward the strategic sale of non-core assets of cpses, the department of investment and public asset management (dipam) has already identified assets of loss making air india which are to be hived off.
as per latest data, in 2016-17, two subsidiaries of air india - aiatsl and air india express ltd - posted profits.
while aiatsl earned rs 61.
66 crore profit in financial year 2016-17, another subsidiary ai express earned profit of rs 297 crore.
some of the other subsidiaries of air india include air india charters ltd, ial airport services ltd, airline allied services ltd, air india engineering services ltd and hotel corporation of india ltd.besides, catering services provider aisats - a 50:50 joint venture between air india and sats ltd - too posted profit of rs 66.
06 crore in 2016-17.
under the administrative control of ministry of civil aviation, aiatsl is 100 per cent subsidiary of air india and was incorporated in june 2003 with the objective of carrying on the business of providing all types of services at airport.
industrial / business operations of aiatsl include rendering airport ground handling services, including passenger, ramp, security and cargo handling for air india.
the strategic sale plan follows the decision by finance minister arunjaitley led ministerial panel in june to make air india competitive, by way of cutting down debt and raising resources by selling land assets and other subsidiaries.
the group of ministers (gom) had decided to revive air india after the government's offer to sale 76 per cent stake in the airline failed to attract any bidder earlier this year.
the government had originally proposed to offload 76 per cent equity share capital of the national carrier as well as transfer the management control to private players.
however, the stake sale failed to attract any bidders when the bidding process got completed on may 31.
in june, the gom then decided not to go ahead with air india stake sale in an election year.
new delhi, apr 22 () the finance ministry is examining various issues including overhaul of procurement procedures and the salary structure of employees as part of the proposal to convert gst network (gstn) into a government company.
these two issues, along with other transitional and operational nuances, would be placed before the union cabinet for consideration once the gst council clears the proposal of turning gstn into a majority or fully-owned government entity, a source told .
gstn provides the it backbone for the new indirect tax regime.
currently, five private financial institutions -- hdfc, hdfc bank, icici bank, nse strategic investment co and lic housing finance ltd -- hold 51 per cent stake in gstn, which was incorporated on march 28, 2013, in the erstwhile upa regime.
the remaining 49 per cent stake is with the centre and states.
the current structure of gstn where financial institutions hold the majority 51 per cent stake gives the entity flexibility in quick procurement through tendering process.
however, turning it into a government entity would mean that procurement -- that currently occurs on a real-time basis -- will have to be in sync with those of psus and state-owned companies, a source said.
another aspect that would come into play could be salary structure.
currently, the employee remuneration is at par with those in the private sector, but transforming gstn to a government entity would change that, the person privy to the development added.
these issues are currently being discussed by the officials within the finance ministry, the source said, adding the ministry is hopeful of a seamless transition given that the goods and services tax (gst) collections have stabilised over the last 9 months and businesses are familiar with the systems.
the government stake in gstn was initially kept at 49 per cent and incorporated as a private company to allow adequate flexibility and freedom to ensure timely implementation of the it infrastructure prior to the gst roll out.
gst, which subsumed over a dozen local taxes, was rolled out on july 1, 2017.
over one crore businesses are registered on the gstn portal.
gstn is a section 8 company under the new companies act and hence is a not-for-profit entity.
the source said that there are no hindrances from the private shareholders in selling their stake to the government because gstn does not give dividend.
the finance ministry is in favour of making gstn a wholly-owned company with 100 per cent share holding, but a final call would be taken by the gst council, headed by arunjaitley and comprising state counterparts, in its next meeting.
after gst council's clearance, the proposal would go to the union cabinet.
new delhi: cpm general secretary sitaram yechury , who was a member of the opposition delegation, which visited jammu and kashmir on saturday, said that he heard painful stories from people travelling along with him.
a delegation of opposition leaders had gone to srinagar on saturday to see the ground situation in the region.
however, they were not allowed to step out of srinagar airport and were sent back an hour after landing in the city.
if everything is fine there, then why they stopped us?
first when we went there on august 9, then we were stopped.
now 12 people from 10 political parties went there on invitation from the governor.
after going there, we were in a way detained at the airport, yechury told ani here.
as per the law, we should be given the order, but that was not given.
the workers there said our jobs are in danger, we will read it out to you.
then they read it and we gave a reply in writing to them.
but we didn't get any reply from them.
in flight, we heard painful stories from people.
there were many youngsters, who said we are studying outside kashmir.
they said they had gone there just to know whether their parents are alive or not.
people are not getting medicine on time.
.
.
the situation there needs to change and it is not being looked after, he added.
on saturday, the delegation of opposition leaders alleged that they were detained at the airport in srinagar in an 'unconstitutional' and 'undemocratic' manner.
meanwhile, talking about former finance minister arunjaitley , who passed away at the age of 66 on saturday, yechury said, it's very sad indeed that he had to leave us very prematurely.
we were born in the same year.
when i was retiring from the rajya sabha, arun had said, 'sitaram and i have grown up together'.
he added, he was president of the delhi university students union.
i was president of the jnu students union.
.
.
we used to have very good discussions despite the ideological political differences.
arun contributed to raising the bar of discussions in the parliament.
unfortunately, today i don't see anybody of that calibre in the bjp.
my deepest condolences to his wife and his children.
he left us much too early.
new delhi, feb 17 () finance minister arunjaitley is scheduled to address the customary post-budget meeting of the central board of the reserve bank on monday and highlight the key points of the interim budget, including the fiscal consolidation roadmap.
the meeting, according to sources, will take a call on the interim dividend to be paid to the government during the current fiscal.
the government expects rs 28,000 crore from the rbi as interim dividend for 2018-19 based on the financial position of the central bank.
last financial year, the rbi had paid an interim dividend of rs 10,000 crore to the centre.
the customary post-budget meeting will take place against the backdrop of a slight deviation from the fiscal deficit target for the current financial year, tax rebate for income up to rs 5 lakh and income support scheme for 12 crore farmers.
the government announced the 'pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi' (pm-kisan) in the budget under which rs 6,000 per year would be provided to farmers holding cultivable land of up to 2 hectares.
the government also decided to increase standard deduction from rs 40,000 to rs 50,000 and raised the tds threshold on interest earned on bank/post office deposits from rs 10,000 to rs 40,000.
in the interim budget, the government has projected a fiscal deficit of 3.
4 per cent of the gdp for 2019-20, against the earlier target of 3.
3 per cent.
the centre also came out with a roadmap to reduce the fiscal deficit -- the gap between total expenditure and revenue -- to 3 per cent of the gross domestic product (gdp) by 2020-21, and eliminate primary deficit.
primary deficit refers to the deficit left after subtracting interest payments from the fiscal deficit.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley inaugurated two new initiatives  gpf online and e-ppo  developed by the office of controller general of accounts, on thursday.
the centralized general provident fund (gpf) will map the gpf accounts with the unique employee id, facilitating online application for gpf advances and withdrawals with online access to the employees current gpf balances.
the electronic pension payment order (eppo) includes the integration of the bhavishya application of the department of pension & pensioners welfare with public financial management system ( pfms ) for seamless processing of pension cases, eliminating delays and errors involved in manual processing.
secretary, expenditure, an jha said the pfms has become a game-changer in the government business and all the modules would be rolled out by december 2018.
this story is from january 8, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the two-day strike by central trade unions evoked mixed response across the country on wednesday, as it entered its second day, with banking and transport services being affected partially and few incidents of violence seen in west bengal.
the strike has been called by the central trade unions against the alleged repressive policies for workers adopted by the government.
here is all you need to know:* the banking sector was severely affected by the strike in those cities where the two major bank trade unionsall india bank employees' association (aibea) and bank employees' federation of india (befi) are strong.
the operation in sbi and private sector banks remained unaffected as other seven unions in the banking sector are not part of the strike.
* according to aibea general secretary c h vekatchalam, cash transactions, clearance of cheques, remittances, bills discounting and foreign exchange transactions were impacted.
cheques worth about rs 20,000 crore could not be cleared by clearing houses all over the country on tuesday, he claimed.
* normal life was affected in goa on wednesday as private buses and tourist taxis remained off roads.
long queues of passengers were seen at various bus stands after the private buses association in the state shut operations.
* in mumbai, the public bus service, best, went on an indefinite strike since midnight.
a total nine buses operated in mumbai while strike continues on wednesday at all depots and majority of workers are off duty in protest.
* as many as 22 policemen were injured in rajasthan following clashes at the manufacturing plant of a japanese company as workers, who were supporting the stir, tried to enter its premises.
union leaders claimed that 50 workers were injured in the police action against protesters.
* after being closed as a precautionary measure on tuesday, schools and colleges re-opened on wednesday in bangalore as the strike had little impact on the city.
bangalore metropolitan transport corporation (bmtc) operations are also likely to return to normal on wednesday as the strike by drivers and conductors is expected to fizzle out.
* the strike was near total in kerala on tuesday and was by and large peaceful, with train services badly hit.
* normal life was partially hit in west bengal on tuesday as sporadic incidents of vandalism and disruptions were reported from various areas.
state's ruling trinamool congress dubbed the impact of the trade strike as negligible.
* senior cpi(m) leader sujan chakraborty was arrested once again on wednesday for taking out a rally at a bus stand in jadavpur in the southern part of the city.
chakraborty was first arrested on tuesday for taking out a rally in support of the strike and was released in the evening.
* the shutdown evoked a mixed response in karnataka and tamil nadu.
nearly 50  of the bus services in chennai were not plying.
banking and insurance services in tamil nadu too were affected.
* sabarimala pilgrims, tourists, social and religious functions have been exempted from the strike.
* the strike also disrupted rail and road traffic in odisha as trade union activists staged rail roko in several cities of the state.
* all india trade union congress (aituc) general secretary amarjeet kaur claimed that assam, kerala, manipur, meghalaya, odisha, and the union territory of puducherry witnessed complete bandh while other states like karnataka, delhi, goa, west bengal reported 100  strike by workers on tuesday.
* the jawaharlal nehru university students' union (jnusu) on tuesday began their two-day strike in solidarity with the nationwide strike called by central trade unions which was deemed as a success as students rallied alongside trade union workers.
* tapan sen, general secretary of citu ( centre of indian trade unions ), said that the public sector employees, unorganised sector workers, port and dock workers, bank and insurance employees are going to observe the nationwide protest against growing economic crisis, price rise and acute unemployment on the call of central trade unions and mass organisations.
* the citu denounced the unilateral move of the government of india to amend the trade union act 1926 sen alleged that the proposed trade union (amendment) bill 2018 as cleared by the cabinet is designed to impose conditions of slavery on the working people and totally abrogate trade union rights.
* citu, critical of the modi government's policy of 'make in india', alleged that the government has been killing the work culture of the country's public sectors by favouring major contracts of manufacturing works to private players like in rafale deal there was no transfer of technology.
state owned hal was kept away from the entire deal and similar practice is expected in f-16 fighter aircraft deal with lockheed martin corporation of us and purchase of naval frigates from russia, said sen.
* ten trade unions who have jointly called for the nationwide general strike are intuc, aituc, hms, citu, aiutuc, aicctu, utuc, tucc, lpf and sewa.
the trade unions have support of almost all major independent federations of central employees, state employees and the employees of banks, insurance, telecom, and other service sectors representing the workers and employees of all the industries and services including transport services, both in organised and unorganised sectors.
* farmers across the country under the aegis of the left peasant wings also join the nationwide strike.
* this is the 18th nationwide general strike against the alleged anti-worker policies.
citu said the main aim of their 12-point charter of demands is to revive the country's economy, save the rights of working class.
* the unions said that the group of ministers headed by finance minister arunjaitley on labour issues has not called unions for any discussion since september 2, 2015, strike which left them with no other option but to go on another strike.
the 24th gst council meeting held today through video conferencing under the chairmanship of the union finance mini https://t.
co/ue7kjojhm4  ministry of finance (@finminindia) 1513412917000new delhi: the gst provision requiring transporters to carry an electronic waybill or e-way bill when moving goods from one place to another, will be implemented by june 1, 2018.
the all-powerful gst council on saturday decided to implement the e-way bill mechanism throughout the country by june 1 next year, after reviewing the it network readiness, an official statement said here.
in the pre-gst era, supply of goods happened only after obtaining these 'waybills' from vat authorities.
a waybill is a physical document that allows movement of goods.
compliance of waybills was an issue.
under the goods and services tax (gst) regime, the waybill is replaced by an e-way bill which aims at mitigating the problems caused by waybill compliance.
e-way bill is an electronic way bill for movement of goods which can be generated on the gstn portal.
movement of goods of more than rs 50,000 in value cannot be done by a registered person without an e-way bill.
when an e-way bill is generated, a unique e-way bill number (ebn) is allocated and is available to the supplier, recipient, and the transporter.
the 24th meeting of the gst council, held on saturday through video conferencing under the chairmanship of finance minister arunjaitley , discussed the implementation of the e-way bill system in the country after reviewing readiness of hardware and software for its launch, the statement said.
till such time as the national e-way bill is ready, the states were authorised to continue their own separate e-way bill systems, it added.
however, it was represented by the trade and transporters that this is causing undue hardship in the inter-state movement of goods and therefore, bringing in an early all-india system of e-way bill has become a necessity.
as per the schedule of implementation, the nationwide e- way bill system will be ready to be rolled out on a trial basis latest by january 16, 2018, the finance ministry statement said.
trade and transporters can start using this system on a voluntary basis from january 16.
subsequently, the rules for implementation of nationwide e-way bill system for inter-state movement of goods on a compulsory basis will be notified with effect from february 1, 2018.
this will bring uniformity across the states for seamless inter-state movement of goods, it said.
the e-way bill mechanism has been introduced in the gst regime to plug tax evasion loopholes.
tax evasion was one of the reasons cited by the government for the fall in revenue collection in october.
the gst revenue for october stood at rs 83,346 crore, the lowest since the implementation of the new indirect tax regime from july 1.
it was significantly lower than the september figure of rs 95,131 crore.
while the system for both inter-state and intra-state e-way bill generation will be ready by january 16, the states may choose their own timings for implementation of e-way bill for intra-state movement of goods on any date before june 1, 2018, the statement said.
there are certain states which already have a system of e-way bill for intra-state as well as inter-state movement and some of those states can be early adopters of the national e- way bill system for intra-state movement also, it noted.
but in any case, the uniform system of e-way bill for inter-state as well as intra-state movement will be implemented across the country by june 1, it added.
according to deloitte india senior director r muralidharan, the mechanism will not only help the tax authorities monitor inter-state and intra-state movement of goods but also cut transportation time by reducing loss of time at check posts.
further, this is expected to help the dealers who do inter-state transactions in multiple states as the e-way bill process will now be common across states, he said.
harpreet singh, partner - indirect tax, kpmg in india, said: gst council approving the mandatory compliance of e- waybill is a good news for the industry.
replacing usage of multiple waybills across states with one common e-waybill for pan india movement appears to be a step in the right direction.
however, whether this would be disruptive for the industry or act as a stimulus for better movement of goods, would depend upon the e-waybill rules and the implementation of the same, he said.
if issues like short validity period of e-waybill and submission of particulars by multiple persons under the rules released earlier remain unresolved, implementation of e-waybill may not go as planned and in fact, could be an impediment for free movement of goods in the country, he said.
this story is from january 28, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
meerut: a junior bank manager posted at district co-operative bank (dcb) here in meerut was suspended after an internal probe found him guilty of making inappropriate remarks against prime minister narendra modi and former finance minister arunjaitley during trade union protest on january 9.
mahipal singh made the comments during a two-day nationwide general strike.
according to maninder pal singh, chairman of dcb in meerut, the incident happened during trade union protest at the banks main branch on western kachehri road.
a video of singh raising slogans against prime minister had gone viral on social media following which senior bank officials took the action.
dcb was not part of the protest but mahipal singh in his personal capacity not only joined the protest but also made inappropriate remarks on loudspeaker against prime minister following which he was suspended on january 25, the dcb chairman said.
b'finance minister arunjaitley has made a lucid and compelling case for why the government should divest stake in air india.
his argument should now be taken to its logical conclusion with a strategic sale of the loss-making airline.
private airlines are already fulfilling 86  of market demand and there is no doubt they can fulfil all of it.
government resources are scarce.
it makes no sense for government to be running businesses like airlines or hotels where the private sector does an excellent job.
where the private sector can deliver, government spending represents misallocation and haemorrhaging of taxpayers money.
the nda government must, therefore, privatise air india.
this will free up resources which can be deployed in areas where the private sector cannot meet all needs, and which happen to be poorly served in india, such as healthcare and education.
as minister in the earlier nda government, arunjaitley had pushed for disinvestment in air india.
unfortunately, it did not fructify and the airline became a financial drain on the exchequer.
air indias financial performance over the last decade has been appalling.
it has a registered net loss every year since 2007-08.
in april 2012, government put in place a turnaround plan which envisaged financial support of rs 30,231 crore over the next nine years.
till now, almost rs 25,000 crore has been spent with little to show; instead air indias market share has shrunk to 14 .
apart from compelling economic reasons to disinvest air india, prime minister narendra modi has declared war on vip culture.
government ownership of air india encourages ministers, parliamentarians and bureaucrats to make unreasonable demands at its expense  as shiv sena mp ravindra gaekwads boorish behaviour recently demonstrated.
selling air india would also be a significant blow to indias vip culture.
the previous nda governments reform record was better than what this nda government has demonstrated so far, which is why investment, credit and job growth are flagging currently.
however, the pms stock is running high and he has the boldness, political credibility and communication skills to launch big-bang reform.
cutting unproductive subsidies on a large scale would be such a reform.
a strategic disinvestment of air india will send an important signal in this regard, unleashing animal spirits in the economy.
most of these banks are providing standard banking facilities like opening of letters of credit, bill discounting and collection, lockers and safe deposit vaults, bank guarantees.
many of these deal in foreign exchange and have also opened atm kiosks.
he said that cooperative banks function like any other commercial bank and the principle of mutuality, which was central to granting exemption, did not apply because their area of operations extends even to non-members.
income-tax is a tax on profits and there is no rationale for exempting profit-making cooperative banks from payment of income-tax, he said.
new delhi, apr 15 () luxury car makers audi, jaguar land rover and mercedes-benz say sales in india in the ongoing fiscal will slow down due to increased prices of vehicles after hike in import duty in the budget.
the companies say overall industry sales are likely to remain either flat or in low single digit against an earlier expectation of double digit growth.
in the budget for 2018-19, finance minister arunjaitley had increased custom duty on ckd (completely knocked down) imports of motor vehicles, motor cars, motor cycles from 10 per cent to 15 per cent.
the government had also raised custom duty on specified parts/accessories of motor vehicles, motor cars, motor cycles from 7.
5 per cent to 15 per cent.
subsequently, the luxury car makers have passed on the increase in the duties to customers from the beginning of this month through price hikes ranging from rs 1 lakh to rs 10 lakh, depending on model.
the effect of new pricing has not yet come in.
.
.
we don't expect the market to grow in a robust manner this fiscal.
it may be be low single digit growth because of the increase in the duty rates, jaguar land rover india president & managing director rohit suri told .
he, however, said jlr india expects its sales to grow in double digits again in the ongoing fiscal.
last fiscal, jlr india posted 83 per cent jump in sales at 4,609 units against 2,514 units in the previous fiscal.
such high growth is not possible again this year.
.
.
it is expected that this will not be an easy year, suri said, adding that the impact of the high gst rates gets further accentuated by the hike in import duties.
expressing similar views, audi india head rahil ansari said, with the implementation of the union budget, it makes the cars more expensive.
.
.
our point is very clear that we were planning a double digit growth but now we expect a flat year this year.
we will still try to maximise our volume.
audi india had posted sales of 7,647 units in 2017-18 as against 7,101 units in 2016-17, up 7.
7 per cent.
ansari further said the market is stabilising now after the shock of gst and cess increase for the luxury car.
last year in september, cess on large cars were increased to 20 per cent from 15 per cent, over and above the gst (goods and service tax) rate of 28 per cent.
for suvs it was hiked to 22 per cent from 15 per cent.
expressing similar views, mercedes-benz india managing director & ceo roland folger said, it might be a challenge to sustain this momentum in the coming quarters and we are cautiously optimistic.
mercedes-benz india reported 22.
5 per cent growth in sales at 16,236 units in 2017-18 as against 13,259 units in 2016-17.
folger said that already there was advancement of purchases due to impending price correction, triggered primarily by the increase in basic customs duty.
seeking lower taxes on luxury cars, he said, as the luxury industry volumes are comparatively low, the focus should remain on helping the industry grow by creating demand.
a rise in demand would translate in increased production and thus, lead to significant revenue generation.
rudrapur: finance minister arunjaitley on thursday presented the last union budget of the present nda government with focus on agricultural sector.
the farmers in uttarakhands terai region, however, called the budget a disappointing one.
president of terai kisan mahasabha, tejender singh virk , told toi, there is just the lip service for the farmers.
the government has not paid attention to the plight of farmers who are committing suicides across the country.
this government for four years now and the congress government earlier announced 1.
5 times higher msp of crops every year.
it was never implemented.
this time too, the implementation has been delayed to kharif crop in october rather than rabi which begins in april, virk said.
the farmer leader said if they wanted to help agriculturalists, the government should have rather ensured the implementation of the swaminathan commission report which was tabled in 2006.
thakur jagdish singh, secretary of rss-affiliate bharatiya kisan sangh, said, the government has done nothing to improve the processing system of the crops.
the government should have encouraged public sector storage centres where farmers could keep their crops and get good returns.
balvinder singh , president of terai crop merchants' association, said, economic survey has revealed that the farmers income isnt rising.
they are opting for other professions and the government has done nothing in this budget to stop them.
monopoly of crop processing plants has ruined marginal farmers.
natthu lal bathla, a farmer in jafarpur village of us nagar, said, the government imported sugar, but could not give the promised rates to the farmers.
new delhi, apr 22 () german luxury carmaker bmw expects 50 per cent of sales in india to come from suvs under its x series, according to a top company official.
the company, which posted 11 per cent growth in sales of bmw range of vehicles in the first quarter of 2018 at 2,377 units, also said it is looking at double-digit growth for the full year despite challenges of price hike due to increase in customs duty.
the x format is a very important format for us because if you look at it, it has contributed to about 30 per cent of our sales in the last 11 years, bmw group india president vikram pawah told .
more importantly, in the last two or three years, it has contributed about 42 per cent of the company's sales since the launch of new x1, he added.
at present, bmw sells four models under the x series - x1, x3, x5 and x6 - at a price range of rs 34.
5 lakh to rs 1.
3 crore.
last week, the company had launched all-new version of x3 priced at rs 49.
99 lakh and rs 56.
7 lakh ( all prices ex-showroom).
going forward, pawah said,what i expect is that with the x3 coming in and with the new x4 next year, clearly we should be looking at 50 per cent of sales coming through the x format.
in order to expand the luxury vehicle market in india, he said,these are the models which will grow the market for us.
when asked about expectations in 2018, he said bmw india is looking forward to a very strong performance having already clocked 11 per cent growth in the first quarter.
we have already had a flying start to the year.
.
.
we firmly believe that we will end the year with a strong double-digit growth, he added.
on the possible impact of price rise following the customs duty hike, pawah said:when such change happens, it impacts customer confidence to some degree.
having said that the market is still very small and the growth opportunities are still there, specially with us because of the new models that we are launching.
bmw india has increased prices of its vehicles in the range of 3.
5-5 per cent from april.
in the budget for 2018-19, finance minister arunjaitley had increased customs duty on ckd (completely knocked down) imports of motor vehicles, motor cars, motor cycles from 10 per cent to 15 per cent.
the government had also raised customs duty on specified parts/accessories of motor vehicles, motor cars, motor cycles from 7.
5 per cent to 15 per cent.
new delhi, jan 8 () central trade unions tuesday began a two-day nationwide strike to protest against the government's alleged anti-worker policies and unilateral labour reforms.
the strike is quite visible in assam, meghalaya, karnataka, manipur bihar, rajasthan, goa, punjab, jharkhand, chhattisgarh and haryana -- particularly in the targeted industrial areas and different mines, amarjeet kaur, general secretary of all india trade union congress (aituc), told .
she said that some states' transport departments, taxi drivers and auto-rickshaw drivers have gone on strike for two days while railway workers are holding gate meeting bearing black badge to express their solidarity.
kaur said that jawaharlal nehru university student unions have expressed their solidarity with trade unions; and other educational institution are expected to support the strike.
she also informed that transport department in bhopal is closed completely and haryana roadways is also participating in the strike.
as many as 10 central trade unions (ctus) have joined hands to go on a two-day nationwide strike from tuesday.
20 crore workers are expected to join the strike.
this is the largest number of workers from formal and informal sectors joining a strike against anti-people and anti-worker policies of the bjp-led central government, she stated.
she informed that sectors like telecom, health, education, coal, steel, electricity, banking, insurance and transport are supporting the strike.
the unions will go on protest march from mandi house to parliament in new delhi on wednesday.
similar protests would be done across the country.
kaur had said the ctus are also opposed to unilateral labour reforms.
the 10 ctus which have gone on strike include intuc, aituc, hms, citu, aiutuc, tucc, sewa, aicctu, lpf and utuc.
rss affiliate bharatiya mazdoor sangh (bms) will not participate.
the government has failed to create jobs and grossly ignored unions' 12-point charter of demands.
the group of ministers headed by finance minister arunjaitley on labour issues has not called unions for any discussion since september 2, 2015 strike, kaur had said on monday.
in a joint statement, the ctus had also alleged that the government undermined tripartism and continued its aggressive attack with arrogance on the lives and livelihood of the working people.
the unions are also opposed to the proposed amendments in trade union act, 1926, saying those are irrational and extremely damaging to the independent functioning of unions.
the unions claim that farming communities through their associations have also extended support to the strike.
new delhi, dec 10 () the government is looking to amend the negotiable instruments act (nia) in a bid to promote less-cash economy and a bill in this respect is likely to be introduced in the upcoming parliament session.
we have worked out something.
.
.
the draft bill is getting final shape.
after clearance from the cabinet, we are hoping to introduce it in the winter session (of parliament), a senior finance ministry official said.
the winter session will begin on december 15 and continue till january 5.
finance minister arunjaitley had made an announcement to this effect in the budget 2017-18.
as we move faster on the path of digital transactions and cheque payments, we need to ensure the payees of dishonoured cheques are able to realise the payments.
in 2015, parliament passed amendment to the negotiable instrument act, providing for filing of cheque bounce cases at the place where a cheque is presented for clearance and not the place of issuance.
the amendments in the act had implications for over 18 lakh cheque bounce cases pending in various courts.
jaitley had said that after cheque bounce, the litigation process is very complex and takes time.
so, for traders with a bounced cheque, litigation takes a long time to recover the money.
there were some suggestions that the persons whose cheques bounce should be allowed to defend the case only after depositing the money in the court first, according to the minister.
gst, note ban increased taxpayers' base, household savings: economic survey the economic survey stated that the share of financial saving is already rising in aggregate household saving - with a clear shift visible towards market instruments  a phenomenon that has been helped by demonetisation.
economic survey: are acche din finally here?
19:45india fastest growing domestic aviation market globally: economic survey to extend the reach of udan, the government has made a provision of rs 4,500 crore for revival of 50 unserved and underserved airports/air strips by december 2018.
new delhi: india's economy is set to grow between 7-7.
5 per cent in the 2018-19 (april-march) with exports and private investment poised for a rebound, the economic survey said on monday.
the economic survey, which sets the stage for finance minister arun jaitley's annual budget on thursday (february 1), forecast that economic management will be challenging in the coming year.
the survey was prepared by the finance ministry's chief economic adviser (cea) arvind subramanian, who estimates that gross domestic product will have grown 6.
75 per cent in the current fiscal year ending in march.
1.
large increase in registered indirect and direct taxpayers.
there has been a 50 per cent increase in the number of indirect taxpayers.
the growth in direct tax collections of the centre has kept pace with the previous year and is expected to meet targets, with a growth of 13.
7 per cent while indirect taxes grew by 18.
3 per cent during april-november 2017.
2.
formal non-agricultural payroll much greater than believed.
it became evident that when formality was defined in terms of social security provisions like epfo/esic the formal sector payroll was found to be about 31 per cent of the non-agricultural work force.
when formality was defined in terms of being part of the gst net, such formal sector payroll share was found to be 53 per cent.
3.
states' prosperity is positively correlated with their international and inter-state trade.
for the first time in india's history, data on the international exports of states has been dwelt in the economic survey.
such data indicates a strong correlation between export performance and states' standard of living.
4.
india's firm export structure is substantially more egalitarian than in other large countries.
the survey pointed out that after remaining in negative territory for a couple of years, growth of exports rebounded into positive one during 2016-17 and expected to grow faster in 2017-18.
5.
clothing incentive package boosted exports of readymade garments.
the rebate of state levies (rosl) has increased exports of readymade garments (man-made fibers) by about 16 per cent.
6.
indian parents continue to have children until they get the desired number of sons.
the survey highlighted that the indian society exhibits a strong desire for a male child.
son preference giving rise to sex selective abortion and differential survival has led to skewed sex ratios at birth and beyond, leading to estimates of 63 million missing women.
7.
substantial avoidable litigation in tax arena which government action could reduce.
delays and pendency are caused due to the increase in overall workload of the judiciary, in turn due to expanding jurisdictions and use of injunctions and stays; in the case of tax litigation, this stems from government persisting with litigation despite high rates of failure at every stage of the appellate process.
8.
to re-ignite growth, raising investment is more important than raising saving.
the survey indicated that growth in savings did not bring economic growth but the growth in investment did.
9.
direct tax collections by the states and local governments are significantly lower than those of their counterparts in other federal countries.
the survey stated that the countrys direct tax collections are lower than that of brazil and germany.
10.
extreme weather adversely impacts agricultural yields.
the survey cited extreme temperature increases and deficiency in rainfall as reasons for the changes in agricultural yields.
nagpur: with prime minister narendra modi preparing a road map for doubling farmers income by 2022, the centre is considering how community forest rights (cfrs) under the forest rights act 2006 can play a role in it.
now, researchers from indian school of business (isb), hyderabad, are working on centres major research project  scaling up cfr recognition in india  and are studying successful cfr models in gondia and gadchiroli .
maharashtra leads in the country by approving 6,524 titles towards distribution of 24.
40 lakh acres of forest land.
we are studying deori cfr model in gondia led by vidarbha nature conservation society ( vncs ) and korchi in gadchiroli hand-handled by shrusti.
isb teams will also visit other states to build-up database.
a policy brief will be prepared and submitted to the state and central governments for interventions, said ashwini chhatre, associate professor with department of economics and public policy, isb.
chhatre says in future farm land is not going to increase and hence alternative sources of income like bee-keeping, bamboo growing, tendu etc are sources which could help improve the lives of farmers.
cfr models in gondia and gadchiroli have shown the way by strengthening gram sabhas and empowering people.
we will study how tendu, mahua, bamboo and other forest produce have improved the lives of people with additional income and how it could be further taken up to double the income, chhatre told toi.
we will also compare areas protected under cfr from forest fires and non-cfr by satellite mapping and find whether granting more areas for tendu could improve forest protection and subsequently regeneration, he said.
a two-member isb team, comprising avijit chatterjee and mrinalini paul, was on a three-day visit to cfr villages in deori tehsil from wednesday and tried to find whether people could better manage forest under cfr from fires and other biotic pressures.
with hand-handling by vncs, 72 cfr villages  42 in deori and 30 in sadak arjuni tehsils in gondia and nine in armori in gadchiroli  are working wonders by extracting tendu, mahua, hirda and behada.
these villages have been granted 28,000 hectares forest area under cfr.
we started with just three villages in 2013 when sale was rs 31.
73 lakh.
this year a cluster of 72 villages expects to get rs8.
40 crore from tendu patta collection in gondia alone.
more villages joined us as our concern was sustained livelihood coupled with forest conservation, says dilip gode, executive director of vncs.
initially, as gram sabhas did not know cfr provisions and their powers, tendu traders exploited us by making fake promises.
today, villagers have formed group of gram sabhas and have been asserting for their rights by auctioning their own produce through tendering.
vncs has helped in marketing and technical aspects.
we are getting more money than what forest department used to pay in the form of wages and bonus, said altaf pathan (72) of pauljhola.
what pathan says is true as in gondia alone, 39,883 hectares of forest has been allotted under cfr through 467 titles but not many villages are asserting their rights.
while 7,000 hectares of territorial forest was gutted at the behest of tendu traders from gondia, no fires were reported in cfr areas.
there is no bush cutting, overextraction, thefts and entire money from tendu sale is transferred to stakeholders.
each family generates around rs 50,000 income in the season, says motiram sayam from dhamditola.
the best part is the money is distributed ahead of sowing season and later before diwali.
we are marginal farmers and cfr has helped us improve our lives with supplementary income, says shewanta kumeti, treasurer of group gram sabha.
during the teams visit to mangatola-dhamditola, toi found that cfr has worked well with people, who have joined hands to protect water bodies and forest.
even in peak fire season, grass and bamboo plantations were intact in the forest.
once a drain, the gram sabha lake was brimming with water.
this has also increased water level of wells in nearby villages.
earlier, village women had to walk 3km to fetch water.
vncs helped us get rs3 lakh fund under csr to rejuvenate water bodies here, recalls tularam uikey and narayan salame, president and secretary, respectively, of deori gram sabha.
before getting rights, when we saw fires in forest we used to simply ignore terming it as forest departments job.
now not a single incident of fire goes unattended.
there is a feeling of belongingness, there is also no poaching and illicit felling in our areas.
lpg in all homes has also helped curb biotic pressure.
some money is also being spared for village development now, says gopal kumeti, ex-sarpanch.
a bamboo nursery has been developed with one lakh saplings in mangatola.
villagers planted 8,000 saplings last year to increase livelihood options through bamboo in future, says shriram madavi of mehtakheda.
the two-member team too believed though encroachments on forest land is an issue, it felt that forest can be better managed by people under cfrs. deori model is one of the best as it integrates twin objectives of development and conservation, said chatterjee.
why cfr is being considered* maharashtra leads in the country with 6,524 titles towards distribution of 24.
indias tax administration needs a mindset change: nirmala sitharaman amid allegations of tax terrorism, finance minister nirmala sitharaman has sought a mindset change in tax officials while advocating a technology-driven approach.
echoing pm modis resolve that honest taxpayers should not be harassed, sitharaman underscored curtailing the interface of taxpayers with authorities at a meeting with gst wings in gujarat.
new delhi: finance minister nirmala sitharaman on monday said corporate tax rate for companies with over rs 400 crore turnover will be gradually cut to 25 per cent and the government will support wealth creators.
in her maiden budget last month, she had cut corporate tax for companies with annual turnover of up to rs 400 crore to 25 per cent from 30 per cent earlier.
in 2018, the then finance minister arunjaitley had cut the corporate income tax rate to 25 per cent for companies with a turnover of up to rs 250 crore.
speaking at an event here, sitharaman said the theme of this year budget ease of living and every policy and scheme have been designed with that guiding principal in the mind.
i would like to underline the fact that we are conscious of that the indian entrepreneurs are the ones who have been the wealth creators, job creators of this country .
.
.
we are proud of them and we shall keep supporting them.
every attempt of the government will be towards promoting them, to understand them and also to facilitate them, she said.
that is the spirit with which many of the things have been announced and that is why the corporate tax was brought down, she added.
only 0.
7 per cent are left .
.
.
even for them gradually, hopefully in the long run, we will be able to bring down the tax to the level of 25 per cent, she added.
she did not give a timeframe for the reduction.
echoing prime minister narendra modi 's independence day speech, she said indian wealth creators, entrepreneurs will be given all kind of support.
modi had in his independence day address to the nation on august 15 had extolled the role of wealth creators and said they must not be viewed with suspicion.
indian wealth creators, entrepreneurs should be extended all kinds of support and tax is one of the foundations .
.
.
we should have more facilitating rates rather than suffocating rates of taxation.
we are doing many such things, sitharaman said.
with regard to tax administration, the finance minister said tax administrators become facilitators and people who pay tax are treated with a lot of understanding.
to achieve this objective, she said the ministry has decided to hold meetings of tax administrators across various tier ii cities in the country.
new delhi, dec 29 () the indian economy slowed down in 2016-17, with the gross domestic product declining drastically from 8 per cent in 2015-16 to 7.
1 per cent the next year, government said today.
he said in the lok sabha that the lower rate of global economic growth in 2016, along with a reduction in gross fixed investment to gdp ratio, stressed balance sheets of the corporate sector, lower credit growth in industry sector were some of the reasons for the low growth rate in 2016-17.
slower growth in 2016-17 reflects lower growth in industry and services sector.
economic growth of a country depends on a number of factors including structural, external, fiscal and monetary factors, he said during question hour.
as per the latest estimates from central statistics office, the growth rate of gross domestic product (gdp) at constant prices was 7.
5 per cent, 8.
0 per cent and 7.
1 per cent respectively in 2014-15, 2015-16 and 2016-17.
the growth in gdp at constant market prices was 5.
7 per cent and 6.
3 per cent in quarter 1 (q1) and quarter 2 (q2) of 2017-18 respectively.
jaitley claimed that despite the slowdown, as per the imf, india was the fastest growing major economy in 2016 and second fastest growing major economy in 2017 in the world.
he said the government has taken various initiatives to boost the growth of the economy, including a giving a fillip to manufacturing, concrete measures for transport and power sectors as well as other urban and rural infrastructure, comprehensive reforms in the foreign direct investment policy and special package for textile industry.
the minister said the government had also announced various measures in the 2017-18 budget to promote growth in which included a push to infrastructure development by giving infrastructure status to affordable housing, higher allocation to highway construction and focus on coastal connectivity.
for highways development, the bharatmala pariyojana has been launched.
the government has launched a phased programme for bank recapitalisation.
this entails infusion of capital to the public sector banks, that is expected to encourage banks to enhance lending, he said.
jaitley said the insolvency and bankruptcy code was enacted to achieve insolvency resolution in a time bound manner.
he said the other growth promotion measures included lower income tax for companies with annual turnover up to rs 50 crore, further measures to improve the ease of doing business, and a major push to the digital economy.
jaitley said as per information available from reserve bank of india, the gross bank credit (outstanding) for agriculture and allied sectors was rs 9923.
87 billion as of 2016-17 as against rs 8829.
42 billion as on 2015-16.
the introduction of the goods and services tax (gst) has provided a significant opportunity to improve growth momentum by reducing barriers to trade, business and related economic activities, he added.
when former governors join the political fight, the whole cause propagated for autonomy for institutions itself gets hurt.
if this trend continues, it will become difficult for future governments to trust governors appointed by the earlier party.
rbi governors are not changed when regimes change.
after all, we also allowed dr rajan a full term.
rejecting the criticism around jobs as a fake campaign, he said the data is prepared by the cso and various organisations and vetted at various stages and the finance minister maintains an arms-length distance from the whole exercise.
most of the time i read about it in the newspapers.
it doesn't come to me the previous evening.
i have never met anybody in these institutions at a pre-publication stage.
.
.
but some left-of-centre academics who had signed multiple memoranda against the government, signed one more and therefore the data becomes suspect?
jaitley said.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley is suffering from a kidney ailment and may have to undergo a surgery, sources close to the minister said.
jaitley, 65, is undergoing diagnostic tests and doctors have so far indicated that it was a kidney-related ailment, they said.
the minister, however, has not yet been hospitalised but has been advised to avoid going out in public for fear of infection.
he has not been attending office since monday and even skipped taking oath after being re-elected as rajya sabha mp from uttar pradesh.
53 out of the 58 newly-elected or re-elected members took oath of office during the last two days.
jaitley was one of the five members who hasn't taken oath.
sources said jaitley's present condition may be a fallout of the bariatric surgery he had undergone soon after the bjp government came to power at the centre in 2014.
he underwent the surgery to treat weight gain that he suffered because of a long-standing diabetic condition.
that surgery was first performed at max hospital, but he then had to be shifted to aiims because of complications.
sources said doctors from aiims are attending to arunjaitley at his residence now.
a final call is yet to be taken on whether a kidney transplant is required or not, they said.
depending on doctors advice, he may be admitted to the cardio-neuro tower at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) here.
the centre is housed in a separate building and is equipped with state-of-the-art equipment.
though he has not been attending office since monday, he is clearing files from his residence, they said.
the minister, who suffers from chronic diabetes, had heart surgery several years ago.
he is a key member of the prime minister narendra modi's cabinet and presented his fifth and the present nda government's final full budget on february 1.
the budget was last month approved by the lok sabha without a discussion and it is not listed to be taken up in rajya sabha before the current session of parliament ends tomorrow, thereby not requiring his presence for a reply.
new delhi: the 70th year since independence will go down in indian history since the country switched over to the goods and services tax ( gst ) regime, realising, thereby, the vision of a unified market in a federal system that guided the nationalist bourgeoisie in joining mahatma gandhis struggle to liberate india from the british.
of course, the structural reform came accompanied with pain for trade and industry caught off-guard by the rigours of new compliance procedures.
queried by corporate leaders at industry chamber ficci's 90th agm here earlier this month on how gst was impacting through lower tax collections, finance minister arunjaitley put the onus on them.
it is you from industry, who have been calling for so long to bring gst.
.
.
and no sooner do these initial problems in implementing a reform of such scale appear, then you want to go back to the system we've had for 70 years, he said.
the earlier system was a myriad of central and state taxes where the movement of goods was slowed down by products being taxed multiple times and at different rates.
state level taxes replaced by the pan-india gst include state cesses and surcharges, luxury tax, state vat, purchase tax, central sales tax, taxes on advertisements, entertainment tax, various forms of entry tax, and taxes on lotteries and betting.
central taxes replaced by gst are service tax, special additional customs duties (sad), additional excise duties on goods of special importance, central excise, additional customs duties, excise on medicinal and toilet preparations, additional excise duties on textiles and textile products, and cesses and surcharges.
the new indirect tax regime unifying the indian market has four tax slabs of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent.
it has a novel feature whereby goods and services providers get the benefit of input tax credit for the goods used, effectively making the real incidence of taxation lower than the headline taxation rate.
the second half of the year saw a radical reworking of the items within the four-slab tax structure by the supremely federal institution of the gst council, whereby all but 50 of over 1,200 items remained in the highest 28 per cent bracket.
those retained included luxury and sin items, the cess on which goes to fund the compensation to states for the loss of revenue arising from implementing gst.
with the council's decisions last month, gst has been cut on a host of consumer items such as chocolates, chewing gum, shampoos, deodorants, shoe polish, detergents, nutrition drinks, marble and cosmetics.
luxury goods such as washing machines and air conditioners have been retained at 28 per cent.
eating out has become cheaper as all restaurants outside high-end hotels charging over rs 7,500 per room will uniformly levy gst of five per cent.
the facility of input tax credit for restaurants has, however, been withdrawn as they had not passed on this benefit to consumers.
petroleum, including oil and gas, is a strategic sector that is still not under gst, while the industry has been pushing for its inclusion so as not to be deprived of the benefits of input credit.
including real estate is another matter pending before the gst council.
on the functioning of the council, arunjaitley who is its head, had this remarkable insight about the way in which it had effected such large-scale rationalisation of the item rates in a short span of 3-4 months.
everything has been achieved by consensus in the best spirit of cooperative federalism.
there has been no politics, even from states which are controlled by opposition parties, he told a gathering of industry leaders here.
the other side of gst was revealed through what the international monetary fund described as short-term disruptions.
with businesses going into a de-stocking mode on inventories in anticipation of the gst rollout from july and sluggish manufacturing growth, among other factors, pulled down growth in the indian economy during the first quarter of this fiscal to 5.
7 per cent, clocking the lowest under the narendra modi dispensation.
breaking a five-quarter slump, a rise in manufacturing sector output, however, pushed the growth rate higher to 6.
3 per cent during the second quarter (july-september) of 2017-18.
besides, technical glitches appearing on the gst network portal, often unable to take the load of last-minute rush to file returns, marred the filing of returns by traders, forcing the government to postpone filing deadlines several times.
the glitches also led to export refunds piling up, resulting in a grave situation of cash crunch for exporters, whose working capital was getting blocked.
in the final analysis, the gst balance sheet is provided by gita gopinath, professor of international studies and economies at harvard university, who is also the economic adviser to the kerala chief minister.
gst is a real reform.
it is a way of formalising the economy.
it is a very effective way of ensuring tax compliance, making it harder to earn black money.
i mean, nothing ever goes away completely, but it just makes it harder to make it happen, gopinath said in mumbai earlier this month.
the icing on the cake came with the world bank announcing earlier this year that india had jumped 30 places in its ease of doing business rankings to get among the top 100 countries on the list.
though reforms in india's direct tax regime figured among the parameters considered in evaluation, gst had not been taken into account by the multilateral agency since their cut-off date was june 30.
new delhi, nov 25 () six firms, including ernst & young llp and deloitte touche tohmatsu, are in the race for advising the finance ministry on two merger and acquisition (m&a) deals.
the four other entities which have bid for advising on the deals are icici securities, idbi capital market and securities, sbi capital markets and rbsa capital advisor llp.
these firms would be making their presentation before the department of investment and public asset management on november 26, as per a notice on the dipam website.
dipam had last month floated a request for proposal (rfp) to engage one advisor from consulting firms/ investment bankers/ merchant bankers for assisting it in the process of two m&as in the energy sector.
the selected advisor would assist the government on modalities of disinvestment and the timing; and prepare business valuation of companies, as well as suggest measures to fetch optimum value.
the names of the cpses selected for m&a would be decided later.
once the proposal comes from the administrative ministry, it would go to the core group of secretaries on disinvestment (cgd) and then to the cabinet, an official explained.
with over four months left for the fiscal to end, dipam is fast-tracking the process to achieve the rs 80,000 crore disinvestment target.
so far, the government has mopped up over rs 15,200 crore from psu stake sale through ipos, ofs and etf.
according to officials, the government is looking to sell its 65.
61 per cent stake in state-owned power finance corporation (pfc) to rural electrification corporation (rec), which could fetch the exchequer about rs 13,000 crore.
at the end of 2017-18 financial year, the total resources of rec stood at over rs 2.
46 lakh crore, of which 'reserves and surplus' stood at rs rs 33,515.
59 crore.
the net worth of the company stood at rs 35,490 crore and 'cash and bank balance' was at rs 1,773 crore at the end of march 2018.
the rec-pfc deal is being considered on the lines of the acquisition of government's entire 51.
11 per cent stake in oil refiner hpcl by state-owned ongc in 2017-18.
the government got rs 36,915 crore from the stake sale.
finance minister arunjaitley had in budget 2017-18 said there are opportunities to strengthen cpses through consolidation, mergers and acquisitions.
by these methods, cpses can be integrated across the value chain of an industry.
it will give them capacity to bear higher risks, avail economies of scale, take higher investment decisions and create more value for the stakeholders, he had said.
this story is from january 7, 2019union minister rajnath singh.
(afp)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: bjp president amit shah on sunday appointed senior leaders rajnath singh and arunjaitley as head of 20-member sankalp patra (manifesto) committee and publicity wings of the party respectively for the lok sabha polls.
shah has formed 17 groups in preparation for the elections assigning key responsibilities to most of the senior party leaders.
union ministers nirmala sitharaman , ravi shankar prasad, piyush goyal and mukhtar abbas naqvi and former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan are the other members of the committee.
jaitley will also be a member of this committee.
if there is no tie-up, bjp will defeat ex-allies, says shah: in a veiled warning to shiv sena, bjp president amit shah said on sunday that if an alliance happened, the party will ensure victory for its allies, but if it did not, the party will thrash its former allies in the lok sabha polls.
shahs statement came immediately after maharashtra cm fadnavis set a target of winning 40 of the 48 seats in the state.
shiv sena said it was ready to take on whoever challenges it.
memories of the days of demonetisation , through which the government in november 2016 declared rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes invalid, have not faded away.
though the situation has improved since then, empty automatic teller machines (atms) have returned to haunt the average indian in several parts of the country.
to add to the confusion, there is no consensus on the reasons for the problem.
how long will it take to resolve the problem that has gripped andhra pradesh, telangana, karnataka, northern bihar, parts of uttar pradesh, parts of punjab, the border areas of gujarat and madhya pradesh and some parts of interior maharashtra?
chairman of state bank of india rajnish kumar said normalcy would return in a week.
how big is the problem?
educated guesses put it between rs 70,000 crore and rs 1,50,000 crore.
what caused it?
answers are diverse  from hoarding to election-related demand to festival and agrarian expenses.
many claim they saw it coming.
the head of a prominent cash management agency, who does not want to be named, says he has been raising the issue of shortage of cash since december 2017 with various authorities.
but they chose not to address it.
they felt pushing more cash in the region will only lead to more cash being sucked out.
a more public signal was seen in mid-february, when the government of andhra pradesh wrote to the reserve bank of india ( rbi ), seeking an infusion of rs 5,000 crore into the region.
accord-ing to a government reply tabled in parliament on march 16, the money was provided.
it also noted that since demonetisation, the hyderabad office of the rbi has been the highest recipient of currency notes  rs 82,168 crore up to march 2017, and rs 51,523 crore between april 2017 and february 2018.
but the problem extends beyond hyderabad.
though andhra pradesh and telangana experienced the cash shortage first, fingers are being pointed at neighbouring karnataka, where elections are due, for precipitating the crisis.
the shortage had been apparent for more than a month in north bihar, too.
sekhar k, 29, a content writer based in hyderabad, recalls how he spent the whole of april 16 looking for an atm with cash in hyderabads film nagar and jubilee hills.
he wanted money to pay his milk vendor.
but he found most atms empty and several even without a security guard.
ravi kumar t, an executive with a private enterprise, had to pay his landlord.
it took him three days to find an atm from where he could withdraw rs 3,500 to pay rent.
he also encountered atms that had an unusually low cap on withdrawal.
even in the middle of last week in ballari city, 365 km from hyderabad, many atms sported a no-cash sign.
there were long queues outside those that had money.
rajesh mudigal, who runs a grocery shop in the vicinity of an sbi atm in ballaris patel nagar, says the cash crunch has been around for two-three months and the situation has only improved a little in the past month.
the sbi atm usually gets emptied within two-three hours, he adds.
with rs 2,000 notes running out in atms and smaller denominations not arriving quickly enough, people started demanding cash at bank counters.
the area was rife with rumours and panic about a run on banks, says the owner-promoter of another cash management firm that operates in the area.
navroze dastur, managing director of that has installed around 48  of indias atms and also manages around 25,000, says there has been a steady increase in withdrawals.
it is not a sudden crisis.
the average ticket size of atm withdrawals has been growing over the past two and a half to three months.
most people, be they cash managers or economists, were not willing to be quoted for the story.
one way to explain how the problem started is to use the concept of speed or velocity of money.
in laymans terms, speed of money indicates how fast a currency note changes hands, or the average number of transactions a single currency note facilitates.
if the velocity is low, more currency will be needed to sustain the economy.
the rs 2,000 note, for example, slows the velocity of money.
being a large denomination note, it cannot be used for all transactions often.
traders, especially small ones, prefer not to receive this denomination.
the note also makes it easier for hoarders to store large sums, possibly helping the informal economy.
but withdrawing the note quickly and without adequate replacement can also hurt.
one rs 2,000 note has to be replaced by 10 new rs 200 notes or four rs 500 notes  increasing the total number of currency notes, and, therefore, the need for an infrastructure upgrade.
unlike in digital transactions, however, there is no way of knowing the exact velocity of physical currency.
another sign of the impending problem was seen in the withdrawal numbers.
atm withdrawals are typically higher in the second half of a financial year.
however, in 2017-18, the jump in withdrawals between the first and the second halves was way higher at 12.
2 , against 7.
3  in 2015-16 or 3.
6  in 2014-15.
clearly, the economy was pulling in more cash into circulation.
there was a hunger for cash.
cash in circulation in the economy was going up by leaps and bounds.
in a report on the subject on april 19, chief economist at the state bank of india (sbi) soumya kanti ghosh said the growth of cash in circulation was perplexing.
he noted that cash in circulation has been growing in the range of rs 40,000 crore month-on-month between january and april 2018.
this was at least three times higher than the average growth recorded in the corresponding months of the five years preceding 2017.
the growth in the economy has also been demanding more cash.
a report by sbi on april 18, just a day before, had tried to guess what was driving this growth.
the report said: heightened economic activity beginning q4 of fy18 has meant that the demand for working capital cycle has changed for the better resulting in more usage of cash for transactional purposes.
this may have also prompted more withdrawals at the atm to support the same level of currency demand.
this has amplified over time.
cash in circulation, (around rs 17.
5 lakh crore as on march 31, 2018), is used to calculate the velocity of money  how fast a currency note is changing hands.
velocity of money is calculated by dividing the nominal gross domestic product (gdp) by total currency in circulation.
a faster growth rate, therefore, shows the same currency note is going through more transactions in a day.
in the report on the cash crunch, which sbi published on april 18, ghosh explained the concept and noted how cash velocity has been on a declining trend in the second half of 2017-18.
ghosh also noted in a report that the total cash demand of the economy right now was rs 19.
4 lakh crore, going by the current nominal gdp numbers.
there is a gap of rs 1.
9 lakh crore.
he has estimated that rs 1.
2 lakh crore of this gap might be met by digital transactions, leaving a gap of rs 70,000 crore.
there is a clear indication that the reserve bank of india, too, was reading these signals.
but it is not clear if tinkering by the central bank helped to ease the situation or aggravate it.
in august, the rbi brought in the rs 200 note and then tried to replace the rs 2,000 note by slowly pushing smaller denominations.
the move, instead of easing, complicated matters.
so what went wrong?
two things.
one, the size of the new rs 200 notes was different from all other notes in circulation.
therefore, it required the installation of new cassettes in atms. even now, only about 60  of indias atms have been configured for the rs 200 note.
banks decided to pick and choose areas where they wanted to introduce this new note.
the second issue was that as more and more rs 2,000 notes were withdrawn from circulation, atms emptied faster.
replenishment, it seems, did not keep up with this pace.
empty atms led to rumours and greater demand for cash at branches.
the central bank has not stated so far that it was withdrawing the rs 2,000 notes from circulation.
the big-denomination note had been introduced quickly to ease the situation in the wake of demonetisation in november 2016.
while it served its purpose, it can be argued that the note has also added its own share of troubles to the currency system and a case for its withdrawal can be made.
right to information queries filed by journalists on the subject of the rs 2,000 note have not elicited answers either from the rbi or from the printing presses.
while launching the rs 200 note in august 2017, the rbi had said the production of the lower denomination note would be ramped up.
atm cash management agencies say they have seen very little rs 2,000 notes being pushed out in the past six months.
however, that reticence is gone now.
the rs 2,000 notes lying in treasuries across the country are now being pushed back into circulation, says a cash manager.
for a second time, and as you read this piece, the pink rs 2,000 note is being deployed to handle a crisis.
rituraj sinha, managing director of security and intelligence services, a company with a large cash logistics operation, says: the localised cash crunch we are witnessing in select pockets is a supply issue principally driven by cash velocity-related challenges.
a long-term solution would be to enhance the volume of 200 and 500 denominations in the economy and use atms to pump smaller denomination currency into all parts of the country.
however, ensuring all the 2.
2 lakh atms across the country have the smaller denomination is a time-consuming and costly exercise.
the process costs about rs 2,000 per atm.
the government, the rbi or the banks have not borne this expense, and expected the cash logistics companies to do it as a service to the nation.
also, all atms are not configured the same way to dispense the same currency notes across the country.
some atms are only configured to dispense low denominations.
sometimes, banks want atms to dispense multiple sets of currencies, depending on where these are located.
all these come in the way of pushing out currency faster.
the challenges are different from a country like the us, where most atms are configured to give out only $20 bills.
clearly, both the rbi and the government were caught on the wrong foot.
the central bank has continued to push the governments goal of developing a lesscash society.
for example, as recently as february 7, the rbi withdrew certain incentives provided to banks for installing lowdenomination atms and cash recyclers, introduced in june 2016.
the press release said one of the goals behind withdrawing the incentives was to promote a less-cash economy.
will that goal, especially in a year that will see election after election, be sacrificed at the altar of political pressures and compulsions?
another question that begs an answer now is not whether enough is being done to ensure the problem goes away, but will the problem arise in another part of the country?
the tax department may end up being a speed bump for the indian stock market , which like its counterparts across the world has marched to multiple records in the past year.
brokerages including kotak securities say the modi government may make it harder for investors to claim exemptions on capital gains from equity investments by implementing ltcg tax (long term capital gains tax) when the union budget is announced on february 1.
the implementation of demonetisation and gst have hurt demand and revenue, forcing the government to borrow more.
the government has to find avenues for generating additional revenue to bridge the fiscal deficit, shefali goradia, partner at deloitte touche tohmatsu india llp, said in an interview in mumbai.
tweaking the long-term capital gain break is a low hanging fruit.
even so, the government may shy away from doing so -- any change may spook individual investors, whove flocked to mutual funds since modi swept into power in 2014.
the bse sensex soared 28 per cent last year as domestic funds bought a record $19 billion of shares -- more than double the inflow from overseas.
the note ban accelerated the shift to financial assets, taking the sheen off gold and property.
assets with money managers reached a record rs 23 lakh crore in december, with equity plans making up 38 per cent of the pie, data from the association of mutual funds in india show.
long-term capital gains tax break has led to better participation in equity markets, said nilesh shah, chief executive officer at kotak mahindra asset management co., which has $19 billion in stocks and bonds.
and it is not that this participation comes for free.
investors pay a securities transaction tax.
skeptics point out that seemingly every budget brings talk of the return of the levy, which was replaced by a transaction cost ( stt or securities transaction tax) -- applicable when stocks are bought and sold -- in 2004.
a remark in december 2016 by modi that people who profit from equities should pay more taxes unsettled investors, prompting finance minister arunjaitley to clarify then that the government had no such plans.
finance ministry spokesman d.s. malik declined to comment.
the debate starts before the event each time and everyone gets sensitized to it, hiren ved, chief investment officer at mumbai-based alchemy investment management ltd., told bloomberg quint.
the tax is low-probability event as the government may not want to disturb the apple cart given its on-going asset-sale program, he said.
kotak securities says the government may remove the tax break on stock investments held for more than one year or raise the holding period to claim long-term tax exemption to three years from one.
the stt, which brought in about rs 8,000 crore last fiscal, is just one-tenth of what ltcg tax can potentially earn, deloittes goradia said.
incremental collections could rise by $5 billion to $10 billion per year if the exemption is taken away, according to clsa india pvt.
the government may chose to extend the holding period, while maintaining the rate at zero, said sampath reddy, chief investment officer at bajaj allianz life insurance co.this may not hurt sentiment in a buoyant market and we believe investors can easily digest this, he said.
new delhi, apr 22 () petrol price today hit rs 74.
40 a litre - the highest level under the bjp-led government, while diesel rates touched a record high of rs 65.
65, renewing calls for cut in excise duty to ease burden on consumers.
state-owned oil firms, which have been since june last year revising auto fuel prices daily, today raised petrol and diesel rates by 19 paise per litre each in delhi, according to a price notification.
the hike, necessitated due to firming international oil prices, comes on back of a 13 paise increase in rates of petrol effected yesterday and a 15 paise hike in diesel, it said.
petrol in the national capital now costs rs 74.
40 a litre, the highest since september 14, 2013, when rates had hit rs 76.
06.
diesel price at rs 65.
65 are the highest ever.
oil ministry had earlier this year sought a reduction in excise duty on petrol an diesel to cushion the impact rising international oil rates but finance minister arunjaitley , in his budget presented on february 1, ignored those calls.
india has the highest retail prices of petrol and diesel among south asian nations as taxes account for half of the pump rates.
jaitley had raised excise duty nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell, but then cut the tax just once in october last year by rs 2 a litre.
subsequent to that excise duty reduction, the centre had asked states to also lower vat, but just four of them - maharashtra, gujarat, madhya pradesh and himachal pradesh - reduced rates while others including bjp-ruled ones ignored the call.
the central government had cut excise duty by rs 2 per litre in october 2017, when petrol price reached rs 70.
88 per litre in delhi and diesel rs. 59.
14.
because of the reduction in excise duty, diesel prices had on october 4, 2017, come down to rs 56.
89 per litre and petrol to rs 68.
38 per litre.
however, a global rally in crude prices pushed domestic fuel prices far higher than those levels.
the october 2017 excise duty cut cost the government rs 26,000 crore in annual revenue and about rs 13,000 crore during the remaining part of the current fiscal year.
the government had between november 2014 and january 2016 raised excise duty on petrol and diesel on nine occasions to take away gains arising from plummeting global oil prices.
in all, duty on petrol rate was hiked by rs 11.
77 per litre and that on diesel by 13.
47 a litre in those 15 months that helped government's excise mop up more than double to rs 2,42,000 crore in 2016-17 from rs 99,000 crore in 2014-15.
state-owned oil companies - indian oil corporation, bharat petroleum corporation and hindustan petroleum corporation - in june last year dumped the 15-year old practice of revising rates on the 1st and 16th of every month .
instead, they adopted a daily price revision system to instantly reflect changes in cost.
since then prices are revised on a daily basis.
new delhi, jan 9 () the two-day nationwide strike by central trade unions to protest against alleged anti-worker policies and unilateral labour reforms entered its second day wednesday, impacting normal life in some parts of the country.
according to the reports, public transport and banking services remain disrupted for the second day in some states.
the 10 central trade unions (ctus) which have given a call for the two-day bharat bandh are protesting the government's snub of their 12-point charter of demands seeking minimum wage of rs 18,000, social security for all workers and issue related to price rise.
the workers participating in the strike will go on a protest march from mandi house to parliament wednesday at noon, and similarly protests would be seen in other parts of the country as well.
all india trade union congress general secretary amarjeet kaur told that there will be a complete bandh in goa and bihar, while 100 per cent strike is expected in other parts of the country too.
she said that due to ugc exams, which started from tuesday, some state transport departments would not participate completely in the strike in the interest of students.
the exams are scheduled in some states on wednesday as well.
the strike had received mixed response on tuesday.
the educational institutes, rail, banking, postal and transport services are expected to witness disruption on wednesday too.
the unions have alleged that the government has failed to create jobs and grossly ignored unions' 12-point charter of demands.
they also said that the group of ministers headed by finance minister arunjaitley on labour issues has not called unions for any discussion since september 2, 2015, strike which left them with no other option but to go on another strike.
in a joint statement issued on monday, the ctus also alleged that the government undermined tripartism and continued its aggressive attack with arrogance on the lives and livelihood of the working people.
they are also opposed to the proposed amendments in trade union act, 1926, saying those are irrational and extremely damaging to the independent functioning of unions.
farming communities, through their associations, have also extended support to the strike.
student and teacher organisations of various universities have also declared support, the statement had said.
new delhi, mar 4 () taking cue from ongc buyout of hpcl, the government may look at replicating the same in the insurance sector by asking a cash rich psu general insurer to buyout the smaller ones.
a finance ministry official said apart from buy out by cash-rich general insurers, a share-swap could also be considered for smaller insurers.
in the 2018-19 budget, finance minister arunjaitley proposed merging three public sector general insurance companies--national insurance co ltd, united india insurance co ltd and oriental india insurance co ltd--into a single insurance entity.
the merged entity would be subsequently listed on the bourses.
the official said if an insurer buys stake in another, the government will get some money in return of its stake.
cash rich insurers may be asked to buy out the smaller ones where there is operational synergy.
a share swap could also be considered, the official told .
as on march 31, 2017, oriental india insurance co had cash and bank balance of rs 2,357 crore compared with rs 1,916 crore held by united india assurance co and rs 1,587 crore by national insurance co.in january 2018, ongc announced acquisition of government's entire 51.
11 per cent stake in oil refiner hpcl for rs 36,915 crore.
the proceeds from ongc-hpcl deal helped government peg the revised disinvestment target for current fiscal at rs 1 lakh crore, besides restricting the fiscal deficit at 3.
5 per cent of gdp.
in the current fiscal which will end in march, two other psu general insurers -- general insurance corp and new india assurance co ltd-- got listed on the bourses.
the initial public offering of these two companies had fetched rs 20,972 crore to the exchequer.
new delhi: normally a field of lush green wheat stalks would lift kishan singh's spirits.
yet weak prices mean even a good crop this year may not stop debt collectors from kicking him off his land in northern india.
more than 60 people in dhamaka, a village of about 230 families some 80 kilometers (50 miles) from india's capital new delhi, have received notices threatening to auction their fields.
singh urgently wants prime minister narendra modi 's government to provide debt relief, better prices for his crops and jobs for his sons when it unveils the annual fiscal budget on february 1.
i don't know how to escape from this crisis, singh, 62, said this month while showing the notice to immediately repay rs 2,47,296 he owes to the bank.
while he previously voted for modi, he's unsure who will get his vote in the next national poll due early next year.
time is running out for modi to shore up the support of rural voters who underpinned his rise to power in 2014, when he won india's biggest mandate in three decades.
the budget will be the last opportunity for him to announce significant fiscal measures that could win back villagers like singh.
governments that choose to focus on urban voters and urban issues have rarely met success at the ballot box, and i would expect the budget will mark a shift to issues relevant to farmers, said richard rossow, who holds the wadhwani chair in us-india policy studies at the washington-based center for strategic and international studies.
there are few political risks to a renewed focus on rural voters.
rising discontent in rural areas and unrest among farmers is pressuring modi to spend more on the countryside -- home to about 68 percent of india's 1.
3 billion people and a key voting bloc in the world's largest democracy.
modi has promised to increase the living standards of villagers and double farmers' income by 2022.
modi sensed the anger in december elections in his home state of gujarat, as his bharatiya janata party failed to reclaim its rural seats.
he's facing a further eight state polls this year against political groups including the main opposition congress party, which has seen recent success in harnessing the anger of villagers.
he got a bit of a shock from gujarat.
he realizes you can't just rely on urban sector, said raghbendra jha, an economics professor at the australian national university.
modi is expected to use the budget to push for more farm insurance, expand cold storage and improve logistics from production to marketing, he said.
finance minister arunjaitley this month called the agriculture sector the government's top priority, noting the country's economic growth is not justifiable and equitable.
beyond the rural sector, modi faces pressure to put more money in the pockets of ordinary indians by widening tax brackets and offering more exemptions.
but concerns on fiscal slippage could limit his choices.
while higher spending on the hinterlands may boost economic growth from a projected 6.
5 percent, it also risks stoking inflation and derailing modi 's budget deficit target of 3 percent of gross domestic product for the next fiscal year.
conscious about being seen as a government that favors the business elite over the poor, modi has launched several schemes for rural people and unemployed youth.
still, agricultural growth was less than 1 percent because of back-to-back droughts in 2014 and 2015, as well as the failure of increasing crop yields to translate to higher incomes.
unemployment rates in rural areas increased in 2015-16 from two years ago, while outstanding agricultural loans swelled and the number of farmers committing suicide rose 42 percent in 2015 from a year earlier.
rural wage increases haven't been enough to cover consumption requirements.
and although a normal monsoon in 2016-2017 helped produce bumper harvests, a jump in supply has suppressed prices and farmers have struggled to make a profit.
modi has already started paying more attention to rural india.
he gave the highest ever allocation to a rural job guarantee program in the current year ending march, and spent more on providing houses, drinking water and building rural roads.
the government also raised minimum support prices, pushed for crop insurance, integrated agriculture markets and provided more bank loans to farmers.
still, in many rural areas like dhamaka the initiatives haven't been enough to lessen the distress.
earlier this month, villagers stood in a queue to purchase drinking water because their ground water was contaminated.
the water supply from a nearby canal had been stopped, making it difficult to irrigate fields.
in the last four years, only six of nearly 300 young people in the village have found jobs outside of agriculture.
kishan singh faces a constant battle to feed his 17-member family as prices of his farm produce have fallen.
despite the hardship, singh has provided education to four of his boys and two have also received government-sponsored skills training.
so far none have a job.
after providing education and skills, if none of my children are getting employment, then where is the development?
asked singh.
government schemes do not reach to us.
indian economy was in the pink of health, +reflect its gender focus, +economic survey: 10 new facts on indian economy the economic survey, which sets the stage for finance minister arun jaitley's annual budget on thursday (february 1), forecast that economic management will be challenging in the coming year.
congress uses economic survey data to blame 'modinomics' for economic slowdown the congress on monday latched on to the economic survey to mount a blistering attack on the modi government, blaming it for the slowdown in india's economy due to a fiscal policy that lacks direction, cohesion and vision.
indias ease of doing business rankings +new delhi: the economic survey released on monday suggested that thebut was cautious about risk arising from persistent high crude oil prices or a sharp correction in stock markets over the medium term and from climate change over the long run.
the warning on climate change was particularly alarming since it suggested that farm incomes could drop by as much as a quarter if global warming isnt checked in time.
the roughly 500-page official economic report card, coloured pink this year toargued that boosting private investment and exports would remain the two surefire ways of sustaining growth.
it also called for a focus on creating jobs, revamping education and raising farm productivity, identifying these as the key challenges in the medium term.
while being generally laudatory of government policies, there were some nuances in the prescriptive elements of the budget that could be read as a slight shift in stance.
for instance, while extolling the benefits of demonetization, the survey maintained that carrots rather than sticks should be the mainstay of government policy in cleaning up the economy.
similarly, at a time when north block sees recapitalization of public sector banks as the solution to the problem of bad corporate debt, the survey warned that the practice of bank recapitalization and of state governments taking on the debt of power distribution companies needs to be halted.
showcasing the gst council as a unique model of cooperative federalism, it appealed for extending this model to settling inter-state water disputes and to creating pan-india markets for farm produce and electricity.
it also called for states and municipal bodies to do more in terms of raising tax revenues of their own.
the survey allocated an entire chapter to detailing the benefits of gst in terms of widening the tax base, including through voluntary compliance.
it also mined gst data to highlight that the informal sector did not quite dominate the non-farm economy to the extent generally believed.
noting that gender discrimination in india had gone down in 14 out of 17 parameters in the last 10-15 years, the survey said that the correlation with increasing wealth was more significant in india than in most other countries.
hence, it observed, there was good reason to be optimistic about further improvements as the economy hits a high growth path.
while striking a self-congratulatory note on the improvement in, the survey identified judicial logjams as a hurdle to sustaining improvements on this front.
kochi: finance minister arunjaitley 's initiative to slash customs duty on raw cashew from 5  at present to 2.
5  to help cashew processing industry will greatly help several entrepreneurs in kerala, said g krishna kumar, chairman of the confederation of indian industries cii ), kerala state council.
rajya sabha mp rajeev chandrasekhar had also sent a letter to state chief minister on this issue last month, suggesting that around 500 factories in this industry are on the verge of closing down as workers facing difficulty in earning their livelihoods and supporting their families.
chandrasekhar added that he had discussed this issue with the union finance minister.
apart from this, members of cii kerala state council viewed the budget as positive and believed that it addressed several key areas of the economy.
krishna kumar said that the budget mainly focused its funds on 'important' areas such agriculture, healthcare and public infrastructure and that this could have a cascading impact in several sectors and can lead to creating several new job opportunities.
the minister announced a national health insurance scheme, which will cover around 10 crore vulnerable families up to rs 5 lakh for secondary and tertiary hospitalization.
this new initiative will create many new job openings in the healthcare sector, he added.
furthermore, he added that government's decision to cut corporate tax to 25  for micro, small and medium enterprises will be crucial for the progress of entrepreneurs in the state as around 90  of the businesses in the state fall under this category.
cgh earth group chairman jose dominic said that government's decision to follow through with organic farming will serve as a blessing for the country and the state's tourism.
making a destination liveable in turn also makes it a tourist destination.
the biggest problems that bound to haunt the state are traffic and waste management.
this budget had given importance to commutation, by prioritizing rails, roads, and aviation by supporting schemes such as udan.
furthermore, the government's focus on promoting organic farming will go a long way in making india a top ayurveda destination.
also, they have proposed investing in rural infrastructure which will help serve the tourism industry, said dominic.
he said that if a kerala destination is included in the union finance minister arun jaitley's proposal to transform ten prominent tourist sites into iconic tourism destinations by following a holistic approach involving infrastructure and skill development, then it would be an enormous boost to the state's tourism sector.
sterling group of companies md shivadas b menon said that the budget has a lot to offer the state but it all depends on the state's ability to acquire these funds and implement the proposals.
the special cbi judge, mumbai, who deals with cbi cases had acquitted all accused in sohrabuddin case, the minister said, adding more relevant than the order of the acquittal is the observation of the judge that in the investigation, from the very beginning, investigating agency did not investigate the case professionally in order to find out the truth but to divert it towards certain political persons.
jaitley in his facebook post titled: 'who killed the sohrabuddin investigation' said that those who have recently shown a belated concern for institutional independence, should seriously introspect as to what they did to the cbi when they were in power.
the minister further said that as leader of opposition in the rajya sabha, he had written a letter to the then prime minister manmohan singh on september 27, 2013, detailing the politicisation of the investigation in the sohrabuddin, tulsi prajapati, ishrat jahan, rajinder rathore and the haren pandya cases.
every word of what i have said in the letter, over the next five years, have proven to be true.
earlier this month, a special cbi court acquitted all the 22 accused in the sohrabuddin case.
the court while passing its judgement also said that the cbi probed the alleged fake encounter killings of gangster sohrabuddin shaikh, his wife kausar bi and his aide tulsi prajapati with a 'pre-conceived and premeditated' theory to implicate political leaders.
new delhi: the rss-affiliated swadeshi jagran manch has cautioned the government against engaging foreign insurance companies for providing health cover to the poor under a flagship programme announced in the union budget.
sjm co-convenor ashwani mahajan said it was heartening to note that the government had announced a health protection scheme, which will reach out to 50 crore people by offering up to rs 5 lakh cover for illnesses.
however, sjm would like to caution the government that while implementing this scheme, foreign insurance companies should not be engaged so that valuable resources of the country are retained in india only, he said in a statement.
the programme is aimed at benefiting 10 crore poor families by providing coverage of up to rs 5 lakh per family per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalisation.
welcoming the budget for its focus on the rural economy, employment and welfare of poor, the sjm said it has long been demanding minimum support price (msp) at not less than cost plus 50 per cent to make agricultural activities remunerative for farmers.
the government's intent to offer this to farmers is a welcome step, mahajan added.
he also appreciated the encouragement given to the micro, small and medium enterprises (msme) sector in the budget.
new delhi, dec 9 () after looking to sell oilfields of oil and natural gas corp (ongc), the prime minister's office (pmo) has sought a whitepaper on status and future strategy for the state-owned firm's overseas arm ongc videsh ltd, sources with knowledge of the development said.
the government had on previous occasions looked at hiving off the highly successful ovl from its parent and monetising it by listing the firm on domestic or international bourses.
sources said at the meeting called by prime minister narendra modi to review the oil and gas sector on october 12, the oil ministry was asked to prepare an in-house white paper on ovl looking into various issues, including reasons for its establishment, cost incurred and returns till date.
also, the whitepaper was to look at future strategy of ovl so as to maximise returns and issues related to equity oil (the proportion of production that a concession owner has the legal right to retain).
ovl, which is 100 per cent owned by ongc, has so far invested rs 1.
5 lakh crore (usd 28.
36 billion) in 41 projects across 20 countries.
it has under its portfolio reserves of 711 million tonnes of oil and oil equivalent natural gas.
sources said at the october 12 meeting, which was also attended by finance minister arunjaitley and oil minister dharmendra pradhan, a six-member panel headed by niti aayog vice chairman rajiv kumar was set up to look at ways of enhancing output from the existing 66 oilfields that produce about 95 per cent of domestic crude, including by giving out stake to private and foreign companies.
the committee, which also comprises cabinet secretary p k sinha, niti aayog ceo amitabh kant, oil secretary m m kutty, economic affairs secretary subhash chandra garg and ongc chairman and managing director shashi shanker, would also look at models like outright sale for the remaining 149 oilfields that produce about 5 per cent of domestic crude oil, they said.
at the meeting, kutty gave a presentation on the status of oil and gas exploration and production in india.
it was suggested at the meeting that the 149 smaller fields could be given out to private and foreign firms and ongc could concentrate on the big ones where it could rope in technology partners through production enhancement contracts (pec) or technical service arrangements.
this is the second attempt of by the oil ministry to take away some of the fields of state-owned ongc for giving to private and foreign companies.
in october last year, the directorate general of hydrocarbons (dgh) had identified 15 producing fields with collective reserves of 791.
2 million tonnes of crude oil and 333.
46 billion cubic metres of gas of national oil companies for handing over to private firms in the hope they would improve upon the baseline estimate and extraction.
the plan, however, could not go through as ongc strongly countered the dgh proposal with its own proposal that it be allowed to outsource operations on same terms as the government plan.
the government is giving pricing and marketing freedom to private operators while ongc is forced to sell natural gas at rates that are well below cost.
sources said a few months back the department of investment and public asset management (dipam) had written to ongc management seeking listing of ovl to help unlock value by improving its corporate governance and efficiency.
ongc had helped the government meet its disinvestment target last fiscal when it bought a 51.
11 percent stake in state-owned hindustan petroleum corp ltd (hpcl) for rs 36,915 crore.
after failing to find a buyer for air india, dipam was looking at ongc to meet the rs 80,000 crore revenue mobilisation target set out for it in the budget for 2018-19 from the sale of government stake in psus.
in the letter, dipam said psus with a positive network and no accumulated losses should be listed to unlock value.
it, however, did not state how much stake in ovl should be sold for its listing.
market regulator sebi calls for a minimum 25 percent public float for a listed company.
sources said proceeds of the listing of ovl would accrue to its parent ongc but the government would seek a special dividend to reap that.
the government owns 67.
45 per cent stake in ongc.
if ongc were to declare entire proceeds of ovl listing as a special dividend, the government would get 67.
45 per cent of the amount.
the government had in 2015 as well asked ongc to list ovl.
but the state-owned firm had at that time told the government that it was not the right time to list as oil prices were subdued and the company would not get the right value.
oil prices have since rebounded and the government is looking to cash in on that.
in 2017-18, ovl produced 9.
35 million tonnes of crude oil, up from 8.
43 million tonnes in the previous year.
together with natural gas, the output was 14.
16 million tonnes of oil equivalent, up from 12.
80 million tonnes in the previous year.
it reported a net profit of rs 981 crore on a turnover of rs 10,418 crore in 2017-18 fiscal.
this compared with a net profit of rs 701 crore on a turnover of rs 10,080 crore in the previous fiscal.
it had reported a net loss of rs 3,633 crore in 2015-16 due to a sharp drop in oil prices.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley came down heavily on public sector banks on tuesday for not safeguarding taxpayers' money spent to keep them afloat, and warned that the government would explore all options to punish the cheats responsible for bank frauds.
the first important question is with regard to the lack of ethics that a section of indian business follows.
therefore, it is incumbent on us, as the state, till the last legitimate capacity to chase these people to the last possible conclusion.
he also asked supervisors to make an example of wrongdoers so that such stray cases were not repeated, a message meant for rbi , whose role itself is under the scanner for not blowing the whistle on irregularities at pnb, which helped nirav modi mehul choksi and their enablers to take out money.
at a conference on development finance, finance minister arunjaitley expressed his displeasure with the management of state-run banks, saying they had failed to keep the trust the government put in them by not interfering with their decisions.
the pm himself announced at the gyan sangam that we want you to be autonomous.
he said no one is going to call you up and, therefore, take your own decisions.
when authority is given to the managements, you are expected to utilise the authority effectively and in the right manner.
therefore, the question for the management itself is: were they found lacking?
and, on the face of it, the answer seems to be yes, they were.
they were found lacking in also to check who among them was a delinquent, arunjaitley said.
the fm also said it was not easy for the government to earmark scarce resources to recapitalise banks, which are grappling with a record pile of non-performing assets created by unprincipled sections of the industry.
he said with the money needed to spend on development needs, there were moral issues involved in sparing a huge amount for banks, which are in line to receive rs 1.
45 lakh crore from the government during the current and the next financial year.
new delhi: industry body cii on wednesday welcomed the government's move to abolish the foreign investment promotion board saying it will boost fdi inflows into the country.
the momentous initiative (scrapping of fipb), which is a follow-up of the measure announced in the union budget, would streamline the process of fdi approvals, and thereby boost fdi flows into the country, adding to growth and employment, cii director general chandrajit banerjee said.
he said the move would take foreign direct investment (fdi) inflows to greater heights, and reinforce the attractiveness of india as a viable business destination.
the bold step of dismantling of fipb, with only 11 sectors now needing approval, along with decisions such as a single window to clear fdi proposals, reflect the government's commitment to reforms and reassures investors that ease of doing business remains a high priority, banerjee said.
besides, the industry body said the forging of strategic partnership for defence under the 'make in india' initiative, cleared by the cabinet today, will give a fillip to indigenisation of india's defence industry and pave the way for greater transfer of technology from foreign firms to domestic partners.
the union cabinet today approved winding up of the 25- year-old foreign investment promotion board (fipb), which has been vetting fdi proposals requiring government approval.
fipb was constituted under the prime minister's office following economic liberalisation in the early 1990s.
currently, only 11 sectors, including defence and retail trading, require government approval for fdi.
new delhi, dec 17 () in order to increase credit availability to small businesses, the finance ministry has asked public sector banks to open msme intensive branches.
micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes), which are a huge employment generator in the country, contribute 40 per cent of the india's manufacturing.
to cater to the segment, banks have been advised to open specialised branches with skilled manpower to handle the requirement of employment intensive msme sector, sources said.
the decision to this respect was taken in the 'psb manthan' organised by the finance ministry last month.
besides, they were also advised to strengthen cluster based lending, sources said, adding that branches would help in channelising loans to the sector which is engine of growth.
as many as 50 clusters have been identified for enhanced access to financing, sources added.
small industries development bank of india has revamped udyamimitra.
in portal, so that banks compete for financing msme projects.
11 lakh crore plan to strengthen public sector banks that are reeling under high non-performing assets (npas) or bad loans.
npas of psbs rose to rs 7.
33 lakh crore as of june 2017, from rs 2.
75 lakh crore in march 2015.
new delhi, apr 1 () petrol price today hit a four-year high of rs 73.
73 a litre while diesel rates touched an all-time high of rs 64.
58 in the national capital, renewing calls for the government to cut excise tax rates.
state-owned oil firms, which have been since june last year revising auto fuel prices daily, today raised petrol and diesel rates by 18 paise per litre each in delhi, according to a price notification.
petrol in the national capital now costs rs 73.
73 a litre, the highest since september 14, 2014 when rates had hit rs 76.
06.
diesel price at rs 64.
58 is the highest ever, with previous high of rs 64.
22 being on february 7, 2018.
the oil ministry had earlier this year sought a reduction in excise duty on petrol an diesel to cushion the impact rising international oil rates but finance minister arunjaitley in his budget presented on february 1 ignored those calls.
india has the highest retail prices of petrol and diesel among south asian nations as taxes account for half of the pump rates.
jaitley had raised excise duty nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell, but then cut the tax just once in october last year by rs 2 a litre.
subsequent to that excise duty reduction, the centre had asked states to also lower vat but just four of them -- maharashtra, gujarat, madhya pradesh and himachal pradesh -- reduced rates while others including bjp-ruled ones ignored the call.
the central government had cut excise duty by rs 2 per litre in october 2017, when petrol price reached rs 70.
88 per litre in delhi and diesel rs. 59.
14.
because of the reduction in excise duty, diesel prices had on october 4, 2017 come down to rs 56.
89 per litre and petrol to rs 68.
38 per litre.
however, a global rally in crude prices pushed domestic fuel prices far higher than those levels.
the october 2017 excise duty cut cost the government rs 26,000 crore in annual revenue and about rs 13,000 crore during the remaining part of the current fiscal year.
the government had between november 2014 and january 2016 raised excise duty on petrol and diesel on nine occasions to take away gains arising from plummeting global oil prices.
in all, duty on petrol rate was hiked by rs 11.
77 per litre and that on diesel by 13.
47 a litre in those 15 months that helped government's excise mop up more than double to rs 242,000 crore in 2016-17 from rs 99,000 crore in 2014-15.
state-owned oil companies -- indian oil corporation, bharat petroleum corporation and hindustan petroleum corporation -- in june last year dumped the 15-year old practice of revising rates on the 1st and 16th of every month .
instead, they adopted a daily price revision system to instantly reflect changes in cost.
since then, prices are revised on a daily basis.
new delhi, dec 23 () the scheme of amalgamation spelling out the contours of the merger of bank of baroda (bob), vijaya bank and dena bank is expected to be finalised by the end of this month, sources said.
as per the requirement, the scheme of amalgamation will be placed before parliament, which is in session till january 8.
the scheme is being worked out and will subsequently get vetted by respective boards of the three banks.
it will have details of share swap ratio and requirement of capital from the promoter, sources said.
the government has already committed funds for facilitating the first three-way merger in the public sector banking space.
the government expects that the new entity will be operational from the beginning of the next financial year, the sources added.
the move follows top lender state bank of india last year merging five of its subsidiary banks with itself and taking over bharatiya mahila bank, catapulting it to among the top 50 global lenders.
earlier in september, the 'alternative mechanism' (am) headed by finance minister arunjaitley decided to merge the three banks with a view to creating a global-sized lender which will be stronger and sustainable.
the finance minister assured capital support to the merged entity.
other members of the am included railways minister piyush goyal and defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
the merged entity will have a combined business of rs 14.
82 lakh crore, making it the third largest bank after sbi and icici bank.
it will have better financial strength.
the net npa ratio will be at 5.
71 per cent, significantly better than the public sector bank (psb) average of 12.
13 per cent.
besides, provision coverage ratio (pcr) would be better at 67.
5 per cent against the average of 63.
7 per cent and cost to income ratio would come down to 48.
94 per cent as compared to average 53.
92 per cent.
capital adequacy ratio (car) at 12.
25 per cent will be significantly above the regulatory norm of 10.
87 per cent, and the stronger amalgamated bank will be better positioned to tap the capital markets.
new delhi, jan 1 () ove a dozen cpses have evinced interest in raising funds through the finance ministry's maiden debt exchange-traded fund (etf) to meet part of their capital expenditure needs next fiscal, an official said.
to start with, the finance ministry will provide a platform for only 'aaa' and 'aa' rated central public sector enterprises (cpses) to raise funds by way of bond issuance using the debt etf route.
as many as 10-15 cpses have shown interest to try the debt etf route for fund raising in next fiscal.
these would be 'aaa' or aa' rated companies.
the bonds would have varying tenure of two, three or five years, an official told .
finance minister arunjaitley had in 2018-19 budget announced coming out with a debt etf, following the success of equity etfs like cpse etf and bharat-22 etf.
to give effect to this, the department of investment and public asset management (dipam) is in the process of appointing mutual funds or asset management companies (amcs) for creating, managing and launching a debt etf.
while inviting bids from amcs, the finance ministry has said the public sector banks (psbs) can also raise funds through the debt etf route.
the official, however, said that the psbs would not initially raise funds using this route.
the debt etf would help these state-run companies meet the capex and business needs by leveraging their aggregate strength.
this will bring enhanced liquidity, investors base and transparency of the participating cpses.
the cpses are also interested to see if the fund raising through debt etf would lower their borrowing cost.
the amc will decide which cpses should be clubbed in the etf for lowering the cost, the official added.
in india, the corporate bond market constitutes a relatively small size of around 13 per cent in terms of the gdp as compared to the government bond market, which is around 30.
4 per cent in terms of the gdp.
the debt market consists of the g-sec market and the corporate debt market.
the g-secs accounts for 79 per cent of the total amount of outstanding bonds in india.
this story is from december 24, 2018revised movie ticket rates from jan 1ticket prices across ncr to flattenlarger impact for exhibitors and distributorsa step forward: producers guilddownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the film industry began to rejoice a few days before christmas as finance minister arunjaitley slashed the gst on movie tickets on saturday.
he announced two gst slabs  tickets below rs 100 will now be taxed at 12 , and tickets above rs 100 will be taxed at 18 .
cinemas and the film fraternity expressed their elation at film tickets not being clubbed with luxury goods anymore.
what does this mean for movie buffs in ncr ?
not a drastic fall in ticket prices, but yes, more uniform prices across delhi, noida and gurgaon.
cinemas say reduced prices will come into effect from january 1.
devang sampat, director  strategic initiatives, cinepolis india, says, well decrease ticket prices after receiving the notification from the local entertainment tax office.
the revised rates will benefit moviegoers.
for eg, for a rs 300 ticket, under the 28  slab, the buyer had to pay rs 384.
but now theyll have to pay rs 350.
we will implement this from january 1.
exhibitors are hoping not just for more footfalls, but higher weekday occupancy too.
pv sunil, managing director, carnival cinemas, says, at present, the price for advance booking for current films is the same.
well pass on the benefits to customers as soon as an official circular is received.
this will definitely boost occupancy throughout the week.
before july 1, 2017, the price of a movie ticket was based on the entertainment tax levied on it, which differed from state to state.
in delhi and haryana, it was 30 , in up, it was 60 , and in maharashtra, it was 45 .
even for the same base price, moviegoers had to pay different ticket prices in every state.
this changed after gst was implemented, which, for tickets below rs 100 was 18 , and for tickets above rs 100 was 28 .
the rate-change in delhi and haryana for multiplexes was just 2 , but in up, the tax cut was much bigger, making prices cheaper than in delhi.
now, with the revised gst, ticket prices in delhi are expected to come down.
yogesh raizada, corporate head, wave cinemas, says, for moviegoers across ncr, its a relief because whether you go to delhi, noida or gurgaon, the ticket price will be same.
in 2017, after gst was implemented, the ticket price in delhi was still the same, but in noida, it decreased.
now, prices across delhi, gurgaon, noida will come down and be uniform.
finally, people can pick a screen as per their choice and not the price.
tinku singh, group president, srs cinemas, adds, this is especially good news for ncr.
the revised rates mean that the price divide between delhi and the rest of ncr will end.
shaaminder mallik, a trade analyst, tells us, the larger impact will be on the film industry because at present, multiplexes and distributors work on a revenue-sharing model.
the total collection of a film is shared between the distributors/producers and the cinema owners.
with less taxation, sharing of revenue will also increase.
although the tickets will be a little cheaper now, for a movie for which premium rates are slotted, moviegoers will still have to pay extra.
it is the tax which is controlled by the government, not the base price of the ticket, which is subject to change depending on the screen (imax/4dx/3d) and location.
siddharth roy kapur, president of the producers guild of india, said in a statement, this will help the industry move forward positively with increased investments in both exhibition infrastructure and creative development, enabling even better cinema and greater screen density across the country.
deepak asher, president of the multiplex association of india, called it a win-win for the whole industry.
in video: reduction in gst to reduce movie ticket price-divide between delhi-ncr?
new delhi, dec 30 () public sector banks' provision coverage ratio -- which measures the provisioning for bad loans -- has gone up from less than 50 per cent in 2015 to 66.
85 per cent as of september 2018, reflecting improvement in their financial health, a senior official said.
the provision coverage ratio (pcr) gives an indication of the provision made against bad loans from the profit generated.
higher the pcr, lower is the unexposed part of the bad debts.
the pcr of public sector banks has risen steeply from 46.
04 per cent as of march 2015 to 66.
85 per cent as of september 2018, giving banks cushion to absorb losses, financial services secretary rajiv kumar said.
at the same time, various initiatives taken by the government have yielded results, with the bad loans of public sector banks (psbs) declining by over rs 23,000 crore from a peak of rs 9.
62 lakh crore in march 2018, he added.
gross non-performing assets (npas) of psbs have started declining after peaking in march 2018, registering a decline of rs 23,860 crore in the first half of the current financial year, he said.
pointing out that the consistent rise in pcr also indicates the adoption of discipline for making adequate provisions for npas, he said the government backed it up with adequate capital support.
this has been achieved while being compliant with capital requirement norms, he added.
this would enhance the total recapitalisation in the current fiscal from rs 65,000 crore to rs 1.
06 lakh crore.
on december 20, the government sought parliament's approval for infusion of the additional rs 41,000 crore into the lenders.
jaitley had said that this would enhance the lending capacity of psbs and help them exit the reserve bank of india's prompt corrective action (pca) framework that imposes curbs on certain business operations of the banks.
new delhi: in the forenoon of november 24, the day the cabinet was to take a decision on allowing foreign investment in multi-brand retail, the bjp held a quiet but intense meeting in parliament house.
bjp leaders discussed the implications of the decision and quickly decided that the party will oppose the move vehemently.
a joint statement by leaders of opposition in rajya sabha and lok sabha arunjaitley and sushma swaraj anticipated the cabinet and slammed fdi as detrimental to indian business.
upping the stakes for the government was not only a signal to its trader base, important as it was, but bjp was also looking at support from left, bsp and sp.
the party calculated that sp and bsp, both uttar pradesh outfits, would not risk remaining silent.
the left had its ideological position while bjp leaders discreetly exchanged notes with important congress allies trinamool congress and dmk.
trinamool, in particular, seemed unrelenting.
despite criticism that he was betraying his own reforms credentials, arunjaitley stuck to his guns as did other leaders who instinctively saw an opportunity to hobble the government.
as bjp leaders pointed out, reforms need political consensus and cannot be devoid of politics either.
bjp's position on retail was questioned as an nda manifesto in 2004 did speak of fdi in the sector although bjp did not back it in 2009.
and gujarat chief minister narendra modi has backed organized retail although he had not mentioned fdi in a march 2011 report prepared by a group of cms he chaired.
the tactics of alliances worked as bjp figured out that the government could not face an adjournment motion and the option of wasting the session was not viable either.
with the all-party meeting on november 28 revealing the government could only depend on national conference with even ncp chief sharad pawar suggesting the will of parliament be considered, bjp felt encouraged.
as things stand, bjp is looking to see exactly how the government formulates its new position on fdi in retail.
if it adds up to a freeze for now, the party will move on to the next battleground over the lokpal bill.
this story is from december 22, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley hit out at congress, accusing it of playing with india's security after the opposition party claimed that the centre's designation of 10 agencies for interception of computers was an act of a snoop state.
jaitley said the rules for interception were formulated under upa in 2009 and the december 20 notification by the home ministry authorising agencies to intercept was in keeping with the same rules and had, in fact, made it more specific and reduced the scope of abuse.
rajya sabha had to be adjourned for the day as opposition mps continued to raise slogans against what they described as efforts to turn india into a surveillance state .
when senior members from opposition raise an issue, every word spoken by them has precious value and therefore they must know the facts, he added.
jaitley said the rules under which agencies were authorised to intercept were framed in 2009 when the congress-led upa was in power.
the authorisation has been issued under the same rules.
since the act has been in place, these orders of authorisation are repeated, he said.
outside the house, law minister ravi shankar prasad strongly defended the move and said there was a need to track those plotting or involved in violence, online radicalisers and proscribed groups like maoists and terror groups.
he said the opposition's criticism was a textbook case of speaking without homework .
prasad said the it act, which has provisions for such interception, was brought by the upa and the centre had made it more accountable by naming designated agencies to carry out interception.
the upa had enacted the law.
we have made it accountable, he said.
congress should answer whether terrorism is a threat to the country or not, he said.
the decision to intercept anybody's computer can be invoked only in matters of national integrity and security, public order and friendly relations with other countries, he said .
this story is from january 5, 2019defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
(pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: defence minister nirmala sitharamans two-hour long reply on the debate over the rafale deal in lok sabha on friday won laurels from party colleagues, including prime minister narendra modi , as they shared her speech on their social media handles and claimed she had demolished the congress allegations.
defence minister sitharamans speech in the parliament demolishes the campaign of calumny on rafale.
must watch!
, the prime minister tweeted.
bjp president amit shah shah said, a lie goes only so far and no further.
defence minister sitharaman ji has completely demolished congress partys lies and misinformation campaign on rafale with her excellent speech loaded with facts.
i congratulate her for bringing the truth to the nation.
finance minister arunjaitley tweeted, well done!
nirmala sitharaman ji, for an outstanding performance.
you demolished the fake campaign.
we are all proud of your performance.
she dismissed allegations of corruption and said it was far better on every count and hit back at congress, saying while the bofors deal was a scam, the rafale deal would bring pm modi back to power in the coming elections.
new delhi, nov 8 () on the second anniversary of demonetisation, the congress thursday alleged it was the biggest scam of independent india that should be probed and asserted that the people will punish prime minister narendra modi for his wreckless decision.
congress's spokesperson anand sharma, at a press conference, also alleged that demonetisation was a big money laundering project, npas have increased sharply, the banking system was struggling, and now the modi government was bent on snatching the contingency reserves of the reserve bank of india (rbi).
his remarks came after finance minister arunjaitley thursday said demonetisation resulted in formalisation of economy and increased tax base, with the government earmarking more resources for the poor and infrastructure development.
congress' chief spokesperson randeep surjewala, while speaking to reporters, asked why the bjp government did not issue any advertisement or congratulate people on the second anniversary of demonetisation as they had done in the past.
he alleged that demonetisation was the biggest scam of independent india and that the black money of several people was converted to white through the move.
what did the country get, was black money found, was counterfeit currency recovered, did it stop naxalism and terrorism, instead the indian economy suffered a loss of rs 3 lakh crore, he claimed.
time has come for prime minister narendra modi to take responsibility for this destruction and apologise.
.
.
time has come that the scam of notebandi is probed and those guilty are caught.
the country will not forget, it remembers and is ready to hit back with the might of its votes, surjewala said.
sharma announced that the congress will hold a nationwide protest on friday to mark the second anniversary of demonetisation.
in his remarks, he slammed the government for the november 8, 2016 move, alleging it was an arbitrary and wreckless decision of a prime minister which led to economic disaster, misery, pain, deaths of a large number of our citizens, loss of crores and crores of jobs, hurting the poor, hurting the farmers, hurting the daily wage earners, industrial labourers and housewives.
he said prime minister modi gave four reasons for demonetisation - targeting black money, corruption, terror financing and counterfeit currency.
all the four reasons given by the prime minister for demonetisation had proven to be false, he said, adding that 99.
3 per cent of the money has been returned to the rbi.
the prime minister remains arrogant, he is in denial, he shall not apologise, the only thing which can happen, which will happen, is that the people will punish him, he asserted.
he said bjp must know time has come for accountability.
sharma also alleged that all those who were caught with the newly-printed 2000-rupee notes in crores following demonetisation happened to be those associated with the bjp.
my direct charge is that it (demonetisation) was also a big money laundering project.
bjp's key people were privy to it, the cabinet was not, and the rbi was not, he said.
he said the congress sympathises with the rbi as they were forced into it.
my words should not be misunderstood.
prime minister is less than literate in economics.
he is less knowledgable and less literate in history.
so, he makes his own history, he makes his own economics.
and he thinks he is wiser than (john maynard) keynes, when it comes to economics.
that is why.
.
.
no prime minister, in saner moments, would take action that this prime minister has done, he said.
the congress also released videos and a documentary on the ill-affects of demonetisation.
sharma claimed that on an average, 11 crore people were standing in queues each day outside banks and begging for their money.
143 died in that process.
government was confused, clueless and incompetent, he charged.
sharma also hit back at arunjaitley and the bjp for asking questions to the congress, saying the bjp still has the audacity to ask questions and call demonetisation an anti-corruption move.
rebutting jaitley's assertion that the move has increased the tax base, sharma said with the seventh pay commission, more people have come into the tax slabs.
fm should do his homework.
if they have such good management of the economy then why are they trying to plunder the rbi, why is the rupee worst performing currency, he said.
sharma also accused the government of manipulating economic figures to show a bright picture of the economy.
this story is from january 26, 2019petrol price up by rs 2.
5 /litre; diesel by rs 3.
20/litre in 25 daysdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chandigarh: after witnessing a decline in petrol and diesel rates by rs 15.
77 per liter and rs 15.
22 per liter respectively in 2018, the fuel prices have once again hiked by rs 2.
49/litre for petrol and rs 3.
10/litre for diesel in past 25 days.
by january 1, 2019, the prices had come nearly from where it started rising in january 2018 but since then the rates witnessed an upward trend with increase in the crude oil rates globally.
petrol which was priced at rs 64.
90/litre in chandigarh on january 1, this year, has now scaled at rs 67.
39/litre on january 25 with a hike of rs 2.
49/litre.
similarly, diesel which was priced at rs 59.
66 per liter on january 1, 2019 is now priced at rs 62.
86/lt on january 25 with hike of rs 3.
20/litre.
the prices, however, witnessed a gradual hike ranging from rs 0.
18/litre to rs 0.
36/litre on daily basis in past 25 days.
diesel once came below rs 60/litre mark at rs 59.
66 per liter on january 1, 2019 but the prices did not last for long.
the fuel prices had been witnessing a relentless hike since the past few months in the country, burning a hole in the common man's pocket.
on october 4, 2018 in a bid to ease the crunch caused by soaring fuel prices, finance minister arunjaitley , announced a reduction of rs 2.
50 per litre on both petrol and diesel prices after curbing excise duty on the commodity by rs 1.
50 per litre.
on october 5, 2018 the ut administration had reduced vat with a view to bring down the petrol and diesel prices in the city.
vat on petrol was reduced by 2.
29  and on diesel by 2.
38 .
in chandigarh the total benefit to the consumers was reduction of rs 3.
90 per liter in petrol prices and rs 3.
78 per liter in diesel prices.
a gifted orator, dynamic parliamentarian, champion of public policy and a man with an invaluable ability to connect https://t.
co/uqzsp6ixr8  gautam adani (@gautam_adani) 1566636880000deeply saddened by the demise of shri arunjaitley - an astute politician, dynamic minister and a brilliant lawyer https://t.
co/eru72jkqe6  balkrishan goenka (@bkgoenka) 1566638601000#arunjaitley ji was a wonderful human being, a great friend and a thorough professional.
we had interacted number o https://t.
co/dacp41sl11  sajjan jindal (@sajjanjindal) 1566634606000new delhi: tributes poured in from india inc with corporate leaders expressing profound grief at the passing away of former finance ministry and bjp veteran arunjaitley , describing him as a true reformist and a great statesman.
the former union minister died at aiims on saturday, where he was undergoing treatment for several weeks.
he was 66.
a gifted orator, dynamic parliamentarian, champion of public policy and a man with an invaluable ability to connect with people from different sections, mr arun jaitley's vision and progressive thinking has been a catalyst in shaping new india.
rip, adani group chairman gautam adani said in a tweet.
on jaitley's demise, sbi chairman rajnish kumar said: we at state bank of india deeply mourn the demise of former finance minister shri arun jaitley.
mr arunjaitley will be remembered for the many landmark reforms like gst and ibc that he ushered in his era as fm.
with his passing away, the country and the financial sector has lost a true friend and a guide.
may his soul rest in eternal peace!
bharti airtel chairman sunil bharti mittal said the india has lost one of the finest political leaders and a legal luminary.
he had a very personal touch in his dealings, something that attracted people even from the other side of the political spectrum to seek his counsel in resolving complex matters.
his legal acumen was highly acclaimed but his sound advice went far beyond and he was sought even for family matters, personal career advice and crisis management of all sorts, he added.
mahindra group chairman anand mahindra also tweeted his condolences, saying i salute, and pray for the soul of a man who lived by his convictions and committed his life to his country.
.
.
hdfc ltd chairman deepak parekh said the nation has lost one of its tallest leaders.
the country will always be beholden to him for leading one of india's most significant reforms of recent times, which was the introduction of gst.
he was appreciated for listening to the views of industry and then putting forth practical and implementable solutions.
as legal and intellectual stalwart, he stood out for his ability to multitask by simultaneously holding charge of key ministries.
deep condolences to his family.
india inc. must honour his legacy, parekh said.
vedanta chairman anil agarwal said it is a irreparable loss, not only to the party but entire nation.
with his indepth experience in politics, law, finance, and global scenario, i always found him to be a visionary, patient listener, extremely knowledgable and someone who could visualise and analyse long term implications of any decision.
the nation will sorely miss his guidance, agarwal added.
cii president vikram kirloskar described arunjaitley as a true reformer and keen advocate for economic liberalisation.
.
.
.
he leaves behind an impressive policy imprint that will continue to bring notable gains to the indian economy for all times to come, he added.
biocon chairperson and managing director kiran mazumdar shaw tweeted that she was so very sad to see such a young and dynamic political leader's life being cut short - he had so much more to contribute to our nation's development.
rip.
deeply saddened by demise of shri #arunjaitley ji.
he was a national leader who commanded immense respect among all sections of society.
shri #jaitley left an imprint as a pragmatic and progressive leader.
reformist to the core, he was a great friend of #assocham, prez: @bkgoenka, the chamber tweeted.
phd chamber of commerce and industry president rajeev talwar termed arunjaitley as the best finance minister who gave the country fiscal prudence and financial consolidation par excellence and made india one of the fastest growing economies in the world, and is credited for historic reforms such as goods and services tax, insolvency and bankruptcy code, among others.
#arunjaitley ji was a wonderful human being, a great friend and a thorough professional.
we had interacted number of times and his understanding of our nation was highly evolved.
he will be remembered fondly and missed deeply.
our country has lost a great son.
#riparunjaitley, jsw group cmd sajjan jindal tweeted.
arun ji's demise is a great loss for india.
the country has lost a proud son; a patriot; a nationalist and someone who was a firm believer in the tremendous economic potential our country had to offer, ficci president sandip somany said.
new delhi, jan 13 () bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi will head the seven-member committee to look into revenue shortfall being faced by the states after the gst roll-out, and suggest steps for augmenting collections, a gst council notification said.
the gst council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising state ministers, had on december 22, 2018, decided to set up a group of ministers (gom) to analyse reasons for shortfall in revenue collections by the states since july 2017.
several states including punjab, himachal pradesh, chattisgarh, uttarakhand, jammu and kashmir, odisha, goa, bihar, gujarat and delhi are facing revenue shortfall following the implementation of goods and services tax (gst).
these states are facing revenue shortfall in the range of 14-37 per cent in the april-november period.
among the union territories, puducherry is facing maximum shortfall of 43 per cent.
as per terms of reference (tor) of the gom, the modi-led committee will undertake data analysis using econometric and statistical tools and suggest suitable measures/policy intervention for course correction for revenue augmentation, particularly for the states suffering high revenue shortfall.
among other things, the committee would also take into account trends of revenue collection before and after implementation of goods and services tax (gst).
it would also look into structural patterns of major sectors of the economy impacting revenue collection, including the services sector.
the gom, as per the tor, would identify reasons for deviation in revenue collection trends, compare it with original assumptions worked out at the time of design and implementation of gst.
the other members of the gom include punjab finance minister manpreet singh badal, kerala finance minister thomas isaac, karnataka rural development minister krishna byre gowda, odisha finance minister shashi bhushan behera, haryana taxation minister capt abhimanyu and goa panchayat minister mauvin godinho.
out of 31 states, only andhra pradesh and five north eastern states -- mizoram, andhra pradesh, manipur, sikkim and nagaland -- have recorded revenue increase post the gst roll out.
the central government has released rs 48,202 crore as gst compensation to states during april-november 2018, higher than the rs 48,178 crore paid in the previous financial year.
gst was rolled out on july 1, 2017.
as per the gst law, the centre compensates states to ensure that their revenue is protected at the level of 14 per cent over the base year tax collection in 2015-16.
new delhi: family of former finance minister arunjaitley collected late leader's ashes from nigambodh ghat on monday.
jaitley's ashes will be immersed in river ganga at haridwar, uttarakhand later today.
jaitley passed away in new delhi on saturday at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims).
he was 66.
he was cremated with full state honours at the nigambodh ghat on sunday.
jaitley's last rites were performed by his son rohan arunjaitley while several of his family members were also present at the cremation ground.
a number of politicians attended the last rites of the late bjp leader.
those in attendance included - vice-president venkaiah naidu, lok sabha speaker om birla, defence minister rajnath singh, home minister amit shah , bjp working president jp nadda, ramesh pokhriyal, smriti irani, ramdas athawale, hans raj hans, gautam gambhir, anurag thakur and congress leader kapil sibal, among others.
several incumbent bjp chief ministers including devendra fadnavis, b s yediyurappa, trivendra singh rawat and former chief minister shivraj singh chouhan were also present at nigambodh ghat to bid adieu to the party strongman.
before his final journey, jaitley's mortal remains were kept at bjp headquarters for people to pay tributes.
new delhi, feb 27 () the central board of direct taxes (cbdt) has notified a new centralised communication scheme for serving e-notices to income tax-payers as part of the government's ambitious plan to usher in a countrywide paperless system of interface between the taxman and the assessee.
the scheme stipulates that an internet-based independent centralised communication centre (ccc) will be established in the income tax department that will issue notice to any person (under section 133c of the income tax act), who is required to furnish information or documents, for the purpose of verification, to the taxman.
the cbdt, the policy-making body of the tax department, said in the notification, which was issued on february 22, that the scheme would ensure that no person shall be required to appear personally or through authorised representative before the designated authority (of the i-t department) at the centralised communication centre in connection with any proceedings.
the notification, a copy of which is with , stipulates that such notices will be issued by the designated tax department officials, who would only use their digital signature and send them to the assessees through e-mail, followed by an intimation through a text message.
a machine-readable device kept at the ccc will receive the responses from the taxpayers.
the ccc has also been tasked with running a sustained campaign to ensure compliance (by the taxpayer) by sending emails, smses, reminders, letters and phone calls.
it will also host a call centre to answer the queries and grievances of the taxpayers.
the notification of the scheme is a step forward to roll out the e-assessment project pan-india.
few more orders to enable the new regime will be issued in the coming days, a senior official said.
cbdt chairman sushil chandra, in a post -budget interview to , had said the e-assessment of a taxpayer would henceforth be handled by two officers, instead of the current system involving a single assessing officer (ao).
he had also said the scheme would be launched in all the cities where the i-t department had an officer of the rank of principal commissioner.
the cbdt chief had said the pilot project conducted over the last few years had been successful and that 60,000 limited scrutiny cases and a few full scrutiny cases were conducted by the department till now.
the new regime of e-communication is expected to be voluntary and taxpayers can take a call on whether to conduct their dealings over the e-system or through the existing procedure of manual submission of documents by visiting the tax office.
once the taxpayers register themselves on the official i-t web portal, they will get a confirmation through a text message as well as e-mail.
the functionality to conduct the e-proceedings would be available for all types of notices, questionnaires and letters issued under various sections of the i-t act, the cbdt had earlier said.
new delhi: bjp squarely blamed the lokpal fiasco in the rajya sabha on pm manmohan singh and finance minister pranab mukherjee as the party on friday launched a bitter assault on the government accusing it of perpetrating the biggest fraud at the stroke of midnight.
if it was freedom at midnight on august 15, 1947, it was 'flee-dom' at midnight yesterday, said leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arunjaitley , adding that a government that ran away from voting had no political or moral right to stay in power.
the prime minister must now live with one more moral stigma.
he won the 2008 vote of confidence through bribery,'' said a statement by the party, as it officially demanded pm's resignation.
countering the government's allegation that bjp rather than congress is responsible for sabotaging the bill by introducing 187 amendments, bjp leader sushma swaraj said that while bjp's position remained the same as it was in ls, it was government's ally trinamool congress that radically changed its stand.
the bjp leaders hit out at the government for arguing that it had in concert with other parties tried to thwart the bill.
no one had been coerced into disagreeing with the bill.
swaraj said the upa could have taken several other steps to save the bill but intentionally decided to dump it.
the bill could have been referred to a select committee.
they could have also asked for an extension of the session.
they also had the third option of simply deferring the debate until the next session but they decided to orchestrate a drama,'' swaraj said.
swaraj also drew a parallel with epic mahabharata saying that singh and mukherjee, like dronacharya and bhisma in the case of draupadi had remained mute spectators to the chirharan of democracy.
when the house goes on until midnight, it is the master of its own time-table.
also, there was no disturbance in the house but only counter-disturbances,'' said jaitley.
he did add though that he had strong views on the ruling of the chair.
bjp had decided in its core committee meeting on friday to launch a week-long nationwide campaign, called loktantra bachao congress hatao, against the government, starting january 3.
the campaign will comprise rallies and protest marches.
the party will also submit a memorandum to the president on january 3 stating how the upa sabotaged democracy.
the saffron party said it had only maintained that the consensus amendments amongst opposition parties on three basic issues  protecting the legislative jurisdiction of the states by making a model law under article 252, liberating the appointment and removal process of the lokpal from the clutches of the centre and making the probe process simpler and the investigative agency more autonomous  was non-negotiable.
replying to a debate on the second batch of supplementary demands for grants, arunjaitley stressed that the bjp-led nda government has the best track record of managing fiscal deficit than any other previous regime.
the fm has vowed to meet the fiscal deficit target of 3.
3  of gdp in the current fiscal year despite a challenging scenario.
a panel headed by former rbi governor bimal jalan has been set up to examine the appropriate level of reserves that the central bank can carry and how much can be transferred to the government.
the review was a sore point between the rbi and the government which triggered the resignation of former rbi governor urjit patel out of the additional grants of rs 85,948 crore, while rs 41,000 crore would go in for capital infusion into public sector banks, rs 2,345 crore will be for debt-laden national carrier air india this government has the best track record than any other previous government in managing fiscal deficit.
we do not need rbi reserves to manage the fiscal deficit.
.
.
mumbai: the benchmark indices plunged up to 1.
72 per cent in late morning trade after fitch ratings said weak public finances constrain india's sovereign ratings.
the sensex tumbled by 591.
69 points or 1.
64 per cent to quote at 35,314.
97 as banking, financials capital goods and auto stocks nosedived.
also, the nse nifty dipped below the 10,900-mark to trade at 10,826.
50, down by 190.
40 points, or 1.
72 per cent.
widespread selling dragged all the sectoral indices led by realty, consumer durables, power, capital goods and banking sectors, falling up to 5.
17 per cent.
stocks had opened down as the government's proposal to impose a 10 per cent long term capital gains tax on equity gains of over rs 1 lakh hit triggered profit booking in frontline stocks.
finance minister arunjaitley projected a fiscal deficit of 3.
5 per cent of gdp for current fiscal against the earlier target of 3.
2 per cent which also dampened the market sentiment.
the sentiment took another jolt after fitch ratings today said high debt burden of the government constrains india's rating upgrade.
banking stocks led by yes bank, sbi, icici bank, kotak bank, hdfc ltd and indusind bank suffered losses up to 3.
80 per cent.
other losers that pulled down the key indices from their crucial levels were ongc, tata steel, maruti suzuki, m&m, hero motocop, power grid, coal india, asian paints, reliance ind, coal india.
in the broader market, the bse midcap index fell by2.
79 per cent while the small index took a bigger hit of 3.
67 per cent on heavy losses in pc jewellers.
pc jewellers tanked 50 per cent in early trade before trading at rs 397.
10, down by 17 per cent at 1135hrs.
global markets were also trading in the negative after most of the us stock indices fell due to political crisis and growth concerns.
lame duck or populist?
here's how interim budget works convention demands that the outgoing administration present an interim budget to secure parliaments approval for expenses until a new govt is in place.
the rules also allow for the spending plan to be passed by parliaments lower house without any discussion.
watchers are waiting to see if pm modi will betray convention and announce tax concessions.
pm modi aims to woo voters with pre-election perks the measures are likely to be a drain on finances in asia's third-biggest economy, where prime minister narendra modi's government is trying to stick to a decade-low fiscal deficit target of 3.
3 per cent of the gross domestic product (gdp).
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on thursday gave a strong indication that the february 1 interim budget may not necessarily be a vote-on-account, emphasising that the government could deviate from an election-year convention to meet challenges confronting the economy, like the one facing the farm sector.
his address, at an award function organised by a tv channel, through a video link came against the backdrop of speculation on whether he would be able to present the budget.
jaitley has gone to new york for a medical check-up, but during in the interaction, he dropped no hints that he would be unable to perform the crucial task.
convention has always been that election year budget is an interim budget.
the larger interest of the nation dictates what will be a part of the interim budget, he said at an award function organised by a tv channel.
he suggested that issues confronting the farm sector would constitute one such challenge, which can cause the government to take a detour of convention and pointed to the problem of high production and slower rise in prices of key agriculture products.
the reference to the farm sector is seen to be crucial as the government is under pressure to announce measures for the sector which is linked to more than half of the population but accounts for less than a fifth of the gdp.
in recent weeks, there has also been buzz of tax cuts for the middle class and other measures in the government's economic statement ahead of lok sabha polls.
however, the fm made it amply clear that the government will stick to its path of fiscal prudence.
i have always believed that fiscal discipline is always rewarded.
.
.
in the past when governments have not stuck to it, we have seen the consequences, the minister said.
but he also added that in unusual situations, a deviation from the fiscal consolidation path might be required, which was understood by the markets and analysts.
the statement comes amidst mounting demands for a national farm loan waiver, something that the narendra modi administration has so far steered clear of.
he also identified stepping up the growth rate to 8  and addressing the aspirations of the indian population as challenges facing the government.
he added that the  nawabs of negativity  may come together but they wouldn't hold together or have enough credibility.
for a weak and fragile combination, survival is the priority and policy probably comes very low down in the priority.
.
.
as we get to the general elections, india needs to have continuity in policies, stability and decisiveness, he said in reference to attempt by opposition parties to come together to fight the polls.
asked on a reduction in interest rates amid slowing inflation, arunjaitley suggested there was need for rbi to pare policy rates without making an explicit comment.
we cant have real interest rates (after budgeting for inflation) higher than anywhere in the world, he said, adding that the central bank has begun consultations with stakeholders.
in the backdrop of the recent public acrimony between the government and rbi, which saw urjit patels resignation nine months before the end of his term as governor, the minister said that the central bank and the centre have often had different points of view but it has been resolved through consultations.
new delhi: pm modi has a tough balancing act in this weeks budget : maintaining fiscal prudence or handing out cash to placate rural voters ahead of next years election.
after scoring a rating upgrade late last year, modi wants to keep global investors and credit-rating companies on his side.
key to that will be sticking his goal to narrow one of asias largest fiscal deficits.
fiscal deficit refers to the difference between income and expenditure of the government.
a wider fiscal deficit thus signals greater debt.
bond investors have already concluded that finance minister arunjaitley will deviate from those plans when he delivers his budget on thursday, with yields climbing 96 basis points in the past six months, the most in asia.
in the last full budget before the elections, arunjaitley needs a growth boost for an economy thats slowing down to a four-year low, while appeasing angry young voters, who contributed to the ruling partys worst performance in modis home state gujarat in more than two decades in december.
the fiscal math is likely to get tougher, as ongoing rural distress and a lack of investment growth may need an immediate fiscal helping hand, said aayushi chaudhary, an economist at hsbc holdings plc.
in mumbai.
fiscal deficit target for this financial year is 3.
2 per cent and 3 per cent in the next financial year (fy 2019).
a bloomberg survey suggests that they will come at 3.
5 per cent and 3.
2 per cent respectively.
the danger of missing the fiscal target looms large as revenue target for this year is rs 21 lakh crore but the monthly gst collections have declined to rs 86,700 crore in december as against rs 94,000 crore in july, when it was rolled out.
hsbc expects india to miss its fiscal deficit target of 3.
2 per cent of gdp for the year to march 2018, with the shortfall probably coming in at 3.
4 percent amid slower growth, the chaotic implementation of the consumption tax that hit revenues, and a lower dividend from the central bank.
icra ltd., the local arm of moody investors service, estimates that a 10 basis-point expansion in the fiscal deficit-to-gdp ratio allows for extra spending of rs 18,500 croredeviation from fiscal discipline may introduce further volatility into yields, icra analysts anjan ghosh and aditi nayar wrote in a note.
the recent rise in bond yields represents the real cost of fiscal slippage.
there are already hints that the deficit targets may be missed.
chief economic adviser, arvind subramanian, said on monday that a pause in the fiscal consolidation plan cant be ruled out and warned the government against setting overly ambitious targets.
any fiscal stimulus could prove to be a challenge for the reserve bank of india , which meets next week to decide on policy.
while most economists surveyed by bloomberg predict the rbi will keep the benchmark interest rate at 6 per cent this year, rising price pressures may prompt policy makers to turn more hawkish.
teresa john, an economist at nirmal bang equities pvt.
, expects a renewed focus on agriculture and rural spending in the budget, with higher allocations to a guaranteed jobs program and increased spending for road development in villages and irrigation projects.
the recent state elections indicated the ruling bjp-led national democratic alliance government has not been able to gain much traction with rural voters, she said.
farmers distress on account of low prices of agricultural produce is likely to weigh on outcomes in the general elections.
increased welfare spending will mark a u-turn for modi, who has criticized similar plans under the congress party-led government in the past.
government spending on the rural sector spirals up ahead of any election as the voter base lies in the rural and urban poor areas, said reshmi khurana, head of south asia investigations and disputes at kroll, a risk consultancy.
new delhi: the union cabinet is likely to take a call on wednesday on winding up of the 25-year-old foreign investment promotion board (fipb), which currently vets fdi proposals requiring the government approval.
a suitable mechanism may also be proposed by the cabinet tomorrow to deal with foreign direct investment in sensitive sectors, sources said.
the fipb was initially constituted under the prime minister's office in the wake of economic liberalisation in the early 1990s.
currently, fdi in 11 sectors including defence and retail trading requires government approval.
as per the proposed mechanism, respective ministries would take care of the fdi proposals going forward.
sources added that the government is considering to come up with a standard operating procedure for clearance of fdi proposals in these 11 sectors.
there could also be a provision for quarterly review of pending proposals by the economic affairs secretary and annual review by the finance minister.
the fdi proposals above rs 5,000 crore would continue to be cleared by the cabinet committee on economic affairs.
inflow of foreign direct investment into india increased by 9 per cent to usd 43.
48 billion in 2016-17.
new delhi, nov 8 () finance minister arunjaitley said thursday global payment gateways like mastercard and visa are losing market share to indigenous rupay card and upi payment system.
in a facebook post marking the second anniversary of demonetisation, the minister said note ban has increased digital transactions.
unified payment interface (upi) was launched in 2016 involving real time payments between two sets of mobile holders.
its transactions have grown from rs 50 crore in october 2016 to rs 59,800 crore in september 2018.
besides, the bharat interface for money (bhim) app developed by national payments corporation of india for quick payment transactions using upi, is currently being used by 1.
25 crore people.
the value of bhim transactions has gone up from rs 2 crore in september 2016 to rs 7,060 crore in september 2018.
the share of bhim transactions in overall upi transactions is at about 48 per cent in june 2017.
rupay card transactions have increased from rs 800 crore before demonetisation to rs 5,730 crore in september 2018 for transaction through point of sale (pos) .
for e-commerce purchases, it has gone up from rs 300 crore to rs 2,700 crore.
new delhi: top congress leaders on saturday condoled the death of former finance minister arunjaitley , with the party saying it was deeply saddened to hear about his demise.
jaitley, 66, who died in aiims at 12.
07 pm was undergoing treatment at the hospital for a few weeks.
he was admitted there on august 9.
we are deeply saddened to hear the passing of shri arun jaitley.
our condolences to his family.
our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief, the congress said.
the party's chief spokesperson randeep surjewala said, saddened to know about the demise of shri arun jaitley.
my deepest condolences to his family.
an astute parliamentarian, he'll always be remembered.
may his soul rest in peace.
senior congress leader ahmed patel said, extremely saddened to learn about the demise of arun ji.
in him the nation has a lost an articulate leader and an excellent human being.
noted lawyer and former union minister kapil sibal said he has lost an old friend and a dear colleague in jaitley.
very sorry to learn that arunjaitley is no more .
an old friend and a dear colleague will be remembered for his seminal contributions to the polity and as fm of india .
as leader of opposition he was without match .
he always stood steadfastly for his friends and for his party, he said.
rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot said, deeply saddened to know of untimely demise of former union minister and senior bjp leader, sh arun jaitley.
my heartfelt condolences to his family members.
may god give them strength.
may his soul rest in peace.
congress leader shashi tharoor said jaitley's death is a great loss for the country.
deeply saddened by the tragic passing of my friend delhi univ senior arun jaitley.
we first met when he was at dusu and i was president of st stephen's college union.
despite political differences we enjoyed a healthy mutual respect and debated his budget often in ls.
a great loss for india, he tweeted.
former haryana chief minister bhupinder singh hooda also condoled the death, saying he is saddened and pained.
pune: defence minister arunjaitley on sunday made a pitch for ensuring india becomes totally self-reliant in defence manufacturing in view of challenges posed by insurgency and terrorism.
he added that no country can be secure by depending on others for arms.
he was in pune for the ninth convocation ceremony of the defence institute of advanced technology (diat), a deemed university controlled by the defence research and development organisation.
a total of 134 were awarded degrees at the convocation.
with the recently approved strategic partnership policy in defence manufacturing, india can become a hub of defence manufacturing, in which public private partnership can play a crucial role in the future, he said at the event.
the previous government's conservative policies have hindered the progress in defence manufacturing sector.
new india is different, confident and is willing to share knowledge and technology with global manufactures, he said.
he added, battles and wars are never won by just going all over the world and asking for defence equipment.
no country perpetually continues to secure itself by only depending on others for its armaments and equipment, which are extremely crucial.
and our neighbourhood has thrown up security challenges.
we are facing insurgency and war for the last 70 years.
therefore, india needs to become an important defence manufacturing hub.
.
.
if the economy requires us to become a manufacturing hub, then security requires us to become a hub for defence manufacturing.
this is the area where the country will have to use the vast resources it possesses, he added.
it further reported that he said india will have to use its large number of academic institutions for training minds and cover up the critical gap that still exists.
the country has institutions like iits, drdo labs and a large number of private institutes which can help it achieve the goal, he added.
jaitley, who also holds the crucial finance portfolio in the union cabinet, hailed the strategic partnership policy, which, he said, was cleared after a series of meeting with all stakeholders.
in the last few days, the policies that have been formulated, have broken away from the restrictive past and intend to unleash both public as private entrepreneurship and innovative minds of india so that they can collaborate with best of the world.
s christopher, secretary department of defence r and d and director general drdo and diat vice-chancellor surendra pal were also present on the occasion.
this story is from february 16, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: indian high commissioner to pakistan ajay bisaria arrived on saturday for consultations with senior officials and leadership over the pulwama terror attack , sources said.
the indian envoy has been called for consultations at a time when the government is looking at options for giving a befitting reply to pakistan over the dastardly terror attack in pulwama which claimed the lives of 40 crpf personnel in the wake of the attack, the centre on friday announced its decision to withdraw the most favoured nation (mfn) status granted unilaterally to pakistan while asserting that there is 'incontrovertible evidence' about islamabad's involvement in the gruesome terror attack.
india will also make all possible efforts to ensure 'complete isolation' of pakistan in the international community and work for early adoption of the long-pending comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit), which is pending before the united nations, he added.
india had granted mfn status to pakistan in 1996, a year after the formation of the world trade organisation (wto), but pakistan never accorded the same status to india.
under the international trade rules, mfn is a treatment accorded to a trade partner to ensure non-discriminatory trade between two countries.
a crpf convoy, while moving from jammu to srinagar, was attacked by a suicide bomber in lethpora area on the national highway at around 3.
15 pm on thursday.
pakistan-based terror outfit jaish-e-mohammad (jem) claimed responsibility for the attack.
bolina (jalandhar): the bharatiya janata party, on saturday, sounded the poll bugle in punjab by organizing a rally attended by party bigwigs just hours before the announcement of election schedule by the election commission of india.
the party leaders focused on issues of corruption, inflation, black money stashed in banks abroad and weak lokpal bill apart from highlighting major development projects taken up by the sad-bjp government in punjab.
party president nitin gadkari said that corruption and inflation were the biggest issues confronting the country and congress was trying to create a weak lokpal, apart from trying to divide people on the basis of caste and religion while bringing this bill.
he said that the upa government was making a mockery of lokpal bill.
he said that the reason the union government was not disclosing the names of those whose black money was stashed in foreign banks was quite obvious that these names either belonged to the congress or they supported the congress.
leader of opposition in rajya sabha, arunjaitley , said that through the lokpal bill the union government was trying to disturb the federal structure of the country and was usurping the rights of the states.
he termed the alliance between sad and bjp more a social alliance than a political one as this truck between the two parties helped bridge the rift created between sikhs and hindus by the congress.
while chief minister parkash singh badal claimed that the gathering in the rally reflected that people were satisfied with his regime, he said that fight for forming the government was only between sad-bjp and congress and there was no third front.
bjp national vice-president shanta kumar raised the pedestal for badal very high when he recounted his sacrifices and demanded votes in his name.
other bjp leaders, including bjp mp navjot sidhu, and former mp vinod khanna also showered praises on badal.
reverse strokesparkash singh badal while addressing the bjp rally said that while it was difficult not only for mlas or ministers to meet amarinder singh when he was cm, but even amarinder's wife was finding it difficult to meet him.
bjp mp navjot sidhu made a strong attack on prime minister manmohan singh and even termed him pappu pm who was remaining silent on every big corruption issue of his government.
he even compared the pm with one of three monkeys of mahatma gandhi.
it was not only actor-turned politician vinod khanna who used film dialogues, even former local bodies minster manoranjan kalia used dialogues from film sholay to compare congress with villain gabbar singh.
sad-bjp's parting sop for urban areasjust before the promulgation of election code of conduct by the eci, chief minister parkash singh badal announced waiver of octroi on petrol and diesel in urban areas.
lucknow: former finance minister and rajya sabha mp arunjaitley gave what turned out to be a parting gift to interim congress president sonia gandhi 's constituency rae bareli barely a week before he passed away.
in a letter to the district administration, arunjaitley , who represented up in the upper house of parliament, had proposed to install 200 solar-powered high-mast lights in rae bareli with a grant from his mp's local area development (mplad) fund.
an mp is allotted rs 5 crore under the local area development scheme.
the recommendation was submitted to the rae bareli administration on august 17, jaitley's representative hero bajpai, told toi on sunday.
it was like his last wish was to light up rae bareli before diwali.
the project will be executed in coordination with the district rural development agency.
we will expedite the project, said district magistrate neha sharma.
the backwardness of the district is what prompted arunjaitley ji to choose rae bareli, bajpai said.
this story is from january 9, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley chided congress and other opposition parties to support wholeheartedly the bill providing 10  reservation for economically weaker sections among non-reserved classes even as he claimed, amid scepticism all around, that there were no legal pitfalls in the way the legislation has been designed.
union social justice minister thaawarchand gehlot moved the constitution (124th amendment) bill 2019 for discussion and passage in lok sabha, saying the demand for reservation for poor among general communities was very old and 21 private member bills seeking the new quota provision have been moved in parliament over time.
gehlot said there was need to bring the economically backward sections into the mainstream.
jaitley said attempts by different state governments as well as by late pm pv narasimha raos government to provide quota for poor among forwards could not pass legal muster because there was no provision in the constitution which supported quota on economic criteria.
under the consideration of parliament, the quota bill faces questions about its legal sustainability on twin grounds: that it breaches the 50  ceiling on total reservation and that it provides quota on economic criteria.
however, arunjaitley argued that 50  ceiling as spelt out in the indra sawhney judgement, which has become the touchstone for legality of quota measures, only refers to reservation based on caste as provided for in section 16(4) of the constitution.
it would not apply on new quota that was now being activated through a new section 16 (5), he said.
also, he argued that economic basis for reservation in jobs and education was sound in law as well as in consonance with the philosophy of reservation as first conceived in the case of socially and educationally backward classes.
he said while reservation for sc/st/obcs was brought to ensure equality of opportunity, the 50  ceiling was to ensure that general castes did not suffer from reverse discrimination.
if out of that 50  (for general categories), 10  is being shared among their poor, who can have a problem with it, he said.
he also clarified that quota for poor among forwards would only apply to government jobs and educational institutions, saying that the phraseology used in the constitutional amendment bill under consideration was the same as used for backward classes.
the question arose after congresss k v thomas read from the objectives of the bill to say that it would apply to aided as well as unaided institutions.
if you are supporting the bill, dont be grudging about it will the congress walk the talk on this?
it is a test for congress and its allies, he said.
jaitley chided the agitated left members by saying that it was the first time that communists were opposing a measure being brought for the poor.
bangalore: chief minister d v sadananda gowda's hurried visit to new delhi on friday, just a day after he was elected to the legislative council, sparked off speculation that he had been summoned by the central leadership.
there, he met leaders l k advani and arunjaitley , and also called on former pm a b vajpayee.
gowda told reporters in new delhi that he would probably resign his lok sabha seat (he represents udupi-chikmagalur constituency) on december 28.
i will complete my term as cm,'' he added.
according to rules, the cm will have to choose between his mp and mlc seats within 14 days.
a person cannot hold two seats of any house of parliament or legislature simultaneously for more than a fortnight.
sources said that former chief minister bs yeddyurappa is said to have communicated to his party higher-ups on thursday night, after gowda sailed through comfortably in the bypoll for the legislative council seat, that he would have his way if party leaders don't consider giving him a role in the party before january 19.
following this, gowda, who had said after his victory that he would go to new delhi next week, was urgently summoned on friday by party bosses to discuss the issue.
party leaders advani and arunjaitley have reportedly assured gowda of his continuance as chief minister.
former union minister arunjaitley today died in aiims, delhi.
(ani photo)we are deeply saddened to hear the passing of shri arun jaitley.
our condolences to his family.
our thoughts and pr https://t.
co/epcxmqgavh  congress (@incindia) 1566630645000deeply saddened to know of untimely demise of former union minister and senior bjp leader, sh #arunjaitley.
my hear https://t.
co/xs4hkoc8me  ashok gehlot (@ashokgehlot51) 1566631119000new delhi: the congress said it was deeply saddened to hear about former finance minister arunjaitley , who died at aiims on saturday.
we are deeply saddened to hear the passing of shri arun jaitley.
our condolences to his family.
our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief, the party said on its twitter handle.
rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot said, deeply saddened to know of untimely demise of former union minister and senior bjp leader, sh arun jaitley.
my heartfelt condolences to his family members.
may god give them strength.
may his soul rest in peace (sic).
jaitley was admitted to aiims on august 9.
he breathed his last at 12.
07pm.
new delhi, apr 30 () the government has identified 4 regional rural banks (rrbs) for listing on stock exchanges in line with the union budget 2018-19.
guidelines for the listing are almost ready, and entail details like quantum of stake dilution, instrument to be floated and category of possible investors in the public issue, sources said.
they further said the four rrbs are eligible to come out with initial public offerings (ipos) and they may hit the capital markets this year.
in a bid to make rrbs eligible and successfully raise capital from the market, a slew of reforms have been implemented including compliance with corporate governance, technology upgradation and capacity building.
there are 56 rrbs in the country with a combined balance sheet size of rs 4.
7 lakh crore.
of these, 50 are in profit, according to financial statements of rrbs for march 2017, released by national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard).
rrbs operating through about 21,200 branches witnessed 17 per cent rise in net profit to rs 2,950 crore in 2016-17.
their loans and advances outstanding under various schemes rose 15 per cent to rs 3.
5 lakh crore as of march 2017.
these banks were formed under the rrb act, 1976 with an objective to provide credit and other facilities to small farmers, agricultural labourers and artisans in rural areas.
the act was amended in 2015 whereby such banks were permitted to raise capital from sources other than centre, states and sponsor banks.
currently, the centre holds 50 per cent in rrbs while 35 per cent and 15 per cent are with concerned sponsor banks and state governments, respectively.
even after stake dilution, the shareholding of the centre and the sponsor public sector banks together cannot come below 51 per cent as per the amended act.
as a result, the ownership and control would remain with the government.
in order to improve the financial health of rrbs, the government initiated consolidation of rrbs in a phased manner in 2005.
the number of rrbs came down to 133 in 2006 from 196 at the end of march 2005.
it further came down to 105 and subsequently to 82 at the end of march 2012 and subsequently to 56.
washington/new delhi: tim roemer , former us ambassador to india who was responsible for broadening and deepening the us-india partnership, has accused pakistan pm imran khan of increasing the volatility of the region and urged that the us policy should remain steady towards strategic ties with india, and push pakistan for real results on anti-terror cooperation.
in a tweet, roemer tagged imran's opinion piece in the nyt where he has threatened the world with the spectre of a nuclear war over kashmir pakistan pm imran khan hypes the kashmir situation, personally attacks pm modi, and increases the volatility in the region.
us policy should remain steady toward strategic relations with india, emphasize ct cooperation, and push pakistan for real results, roemer said.
a few days ago, roemer had condoled the passing away of former finance minister arun jaitley.
recent passing of my friend, finance minister of india arun jaitley.
he was a bridge builder, brilliant lawyer, and huge cricket fan.
the people of india will miss a dedicated public servant, he tweeted.
roemer was american ambassador to india from 2009 to 2011 under the leadership of barack obama.
he oversaw the implementation of several key policies and initiatives, including increasing cooperation, technology transfer and commercial sales in the defence and space industries.
he also oversaw signing of the counterterrorism cooperation initiative with india to further expand cooperation in areas such as intelligence and homeland security, border security, money laundering and terrorist financing; and working with the united states to assist india on its global center for nuclear energy partnership.
he also stressed on commerce and exports, helping move india from america's 25th-largest trading partner to 12th.
new delhi: india is expected to regain the world's fastest growing major economy tag as it is likely to clock 7-7.
5 per cent growth rate in 2018-19, up from 6.
75 per cent in the current fiscal, the economic survey said on monday.
the economy, said the survey for 2017-18, will grow on the back of major reforms which would be strengthened further in the next financial year.
the survey was tabled in parliament by finance minister arun jaitley.
a series of major reforms undertaken over the past year will allow real gdp growth to reach 6.
75 per cent this fiscal and will rise to 7 to 7.
5 per cent in 2018-19, thereby re- instating india as the world's fastest growing major economy, it said.
the reform measures undertaken in 2017-18 can be strengthened further in 2018-19, it said.
the survey points out that india can be rated as among the best performing economies in the world as the average growth during last three years is around 4 percentage points higher than global growth and nearly 3 percentage points higher than that of emerging market and developing economies.
it said that the gdp growth has averaged 7.
3 per cent from 2014-15 to 2017-18, which is the highest among the major economies of the world.
that this growth has been achieved in a milieu of lower inflation, improved current account balance and notable reduction in the fiscal deficit to gdp ratio makes it all the more creditable, it said.
new delhi, dec 29 () the additional borrowing of rs 50,000 crore by the centre is a negative surprise that will sustain higher yields and delay lending rate cuts, key for economic growth recovery, says a report.
we thought that the government's decision to borrow another rs 500 billion/0.
3 per cent of gdp was an avoidable negative surprise in an already nervous g-sec market, bank of america merrill lynch said in a research note.
it further said notwithstanding bank recapitalisation, the sell off in g-secs is delaying lending rate cuts and pushing back recovery.
the government on december 27 said it has decided to make additional borrowing of rs 50,000 crore this fiscal through dated securities.
dated securities have maturity of over five years.
the global brokerage expects finance minister arunjaitley to hold to the fiscal deficit target of 3.
2 per cent of gdp, same as 2017-18, with net borrowing of rs 4,92,000 crore.
while we did not expect any breach in the fy2017-18 fiscal deficit target, we will wait for clarity about whether this additional borrowing will make up for revenue shortfalls or fund relaxation of the 3.
2 per cent of gdp fy18 fiscal deficit target, the report noted.
the government had pegged the fiscal deficit at 3.
2 per cent of the gdp for the current fiscal.
additional borrowing by the government may have impact on the fiscal math.
since revenue collections from the goods and services tax (gst) are slightly lower than the expected in the last two months, the additional borrowing would help bridge the shortfall.
bofaml expects budget 2018 should see hikes in rural public spend; incentives for housing; and the it exemption limit in the run up to the summer 2019 polls as well as 1 per cent cut in the corporate tax rate.
mumbai, feb 18 () the bse benchmark sensex monday fell over 150 points, led by weakness in auto, it and financial stocks amid heavy selling by foreign institutional investors, as investors turned cautious ahead of rbi's board meet.
the 30-share index, after rising over 100 points, fell 158.
94 points, or 0.
44 per cent, to 35,650.
01.
similarly, the 50-share nse nifty fell 44.
45 points, or 0.
41 per cent, to 10,679.
95.
according to traders, investors were cautious ahead of rbi's board meeting.
finance minister arunjaitley is scheduled to address the customary post-budget meeting of the central board of the reserve bank later in the day, and highlight the key points of the interim budget, including the fiscal consolidation roadmap.
the meeting, according to sources, will take a call on the interim dividend to be paid to the government during the current fiscal.
yes bank fell up to 5 per cent after the private bank, in a regulatory filing friday, said it had received a letter from the reserve bank of india (rbi) which noted that the risk assessment report (rar) was marked 'confidential'.
it was expected that no part of the report be divulged except for the information in the form and manner of disclosure prescribed by regulations, the rbi letter said, adding that the issuance of a press release has, therefore, been viewed seriously by the rbi and could entail further regulatory action/s.
other losers on the sensex pack include hcl tech, hul, bajaj auto, tcs, reliance, bajaj finance, asian paints, m&m and bharti airtel, falling up to 1.
68 per cent.
while, ntpc, vedanta, tata steel, ongc, sbi, l&t, powergrid, itc and sun pharma were the top gainers, rising up to 2.
24 per cent.
meanwhile, on a net basis, foreign institutional investors sold shares worth a net of rs 966.
43 crore on friday, while domestic institutional investors were net buyers to the tune of rs 853.
25 crore, provisional data available with bse showed.
elsewhere in asia, hong kong's hang seng rallied 1.
67 per cent, shanghai composite index was up 1.
79 per cent higher, kospi gained 0.
73 per cent, and japan's nikkei soared 1.
78 per cent in early trade.
on wall street, dow jones industrial average ended 1.
33 per cent higher on friday.
the rupee, meanwhile, was trading depreciated 13 paise against us dollar to 71.
36.
the benchmark brent crude futures slipped 0.
09 per cent to usd 66.
19 per barrel.
