dr. deepak mittal, joint secretary of mea, greeting a member of pak delegation.
(ap photo) dr. deepak mittal, joint secretary of mea, greeting a member of pak delegation.
(ap photo)reflecting the chill in indo-pak ties, a curt namaskar was all that a senior indian diplomat had to offer to an extended hand of a member of the pakistani delegation at the international court of justice (icj), hearing the kulbhushan jadhav case.
ahead of the hearing today, deepak mittal, who is the head of the pakistan division in the external affairs ministry and is representing india in the retired navy officers case at the icj, ignored the handshake gesture by syed faraz hussain zaidi, councellor of the pakistan embassy in the netherlands as adviser, and offered a namaskar instead.
interestingly, mittal shook hands with some of the pakistan delegation members, including the pakistani attorney general, the main lawyer in the case from the pakistan government.
last week also, frosty indo-pak relations were on full display when finance minister arunjaitley was on the dais with his pakistani counterpart at an event in japan.
there is increasing strain in indo-pak ties in the aftermath of the jadhav episode and the beheading of two indian soldiers by the pakistan army.
on may 8, india moved the icj against the death penalty handed down to jadhav by a pakistan military court, alleging violation of the vienna convention on consular relations.
on may 9, the highest court in the un gave jadhav a lease of life.
india, in its appeal to the icj, had asserted that jadhav was kidnapped from iran where he was involved in business activities after retiring from the indian navy.
india has denied that he has any connection with the government.
b'jaitley had raised excise duty nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell.
(express photo by jaipal singh) arunjaitley had raised excise duty nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell.
(express photo by jaipal singh)petrol price on sunday hit a four-year high of rs 73.
73 a litre while diesel rates touched an all-time high of rs 64.
58 in the national capital, renewing calls for the government to cut excise tax rates.
state-owned oil firms, which have been since june last year revising auto fuel prices daily, today raised petrol and diesel rates by 18 paise per litre each in delhi, according to a price notification.
petrol in the national capital now costs rs 73.
73 a litre, the highest since september 14, 2014, when rates had hit rs 76.
06.
diesel price at rs 64.
58 is the highest ever, with the previous high of rs 64.
22 being on february 7, 2018.
the oil ministry had earlier this year sought a reduction in excise duty on petrol an diesel to cushion the impact rising international oil rates but finance minister arunjaitley in his budget presented on february 1 ignored those calls.
india has the highest retail prices of petrol and diesel among south asian nations as taxes account for half of the pump rates.
jaitley had raised excise duty nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell, but then cut the tax just once in october last year by rs 2 a litre.
subsequent to that excise duty reduction, the centre had asked states to also lower vat but just four of them  maharashtra, gujarat, madhya pradesh and himachal pradesh  reduced rates while others including bjp-ruled ones ignored the call.
the central government had cut excise duty by rs 2 per litre in october 2017, when petrol price reached rs 70.
88 per litre in delhi and diesel rs. 59.
14.
because of the reduction in excise duty, diesel prices had on october 4, 2017 come down to rs 56.
89 per litre and petrol to rs 68.
38 per litre.
however, a global rally in crude prices pushed domestic fuel prices far higher than those levels.
the october 2017 excise duty cut cost the government rs 26,000 crore in annual revenue and about rs 13,000 crore during the remaining part of the current fiscal year.
the government had between november 2014 and january 2016 raised excise duty on petrol and diesel on nine occasions to take away gains arising from plummeting global oil prices.
in all, duty on petrol rate was hiked by rs 11.
77 per litre and that on diesel by 13.
47 a litre in those 15 months that helped governments excise mop up more than double to rs 242,000 crore in 2016-17 from rs 99,000 crore in 2014-15.
state-owned oil companies  indian oil corporation, bharat petroleum corporation and hindustan petroleum corporation  in june last year dumped the 15-year old practice of revising rates on the 1st and 16th of every month.
instead, they adopted a daily price revision system to instantly reflect changes in cost.
since then, prices are revised on a daily basis.
bandaru dattatreya at the parliament in the capital new delhi.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) bandaru dattatreya at the parliament in the capital new delhi.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)government has increased the amount of immediate assistance to rescued bonded labourers to rs 20,000 from the existing rs 5,000 under the district bonded labour rehabilitation fund, labour minister bandaru dattatreya said on tuesday.
the scheme provides for immediate assistance to rescued person out of the district bonded labour rehabilitation fund at the disposal of the district magistrate.
the amount of immediate assistance has been enhanced from rs 5,000 to 20,000 with effect from january 17, 2017, dattatreya told reporters in new delhi, on tuesday.
watch what else is making newsthe minister also said the bills on new industrial relations code and wage code which would subsume related legislations would be tabled in the second leg of the budget session of parliament.
he said the two bill would be discussed in a ministerial committee headed by finance minister arunjaitley this week or next week following which these would be sent for the union cabinets approval.
under the revised bonded labour rehabilitation (blr) scheme unveiled last year, the states are not required to pay any matching contribution for the purpose of cash rehabilitation assistance.
besides, the financial assistance has been increased from rs 20,000 to 1 lakh per adult male beneficiary, rs 2 lakh for special category beneficiaries.
these special category beneficiaries are children including orphans or those rescued from organised and forced begging rings or other forms of forced child labour, and women and rs 3 lakh in cases of bonded or forced labour involving extreme cases of deprivation or marginalisation such as transgenders, or woman or children rescued from ostensible sexual exploitation such as brothels, massage parlours, placement agencies etc, or trafficking, or in cases of differently abled persons, or in situations where the district magistrate deems fit.
the above cash benefits are in addition to other land and housing elements, etc of the original scheme as provided by the district administration.
the amount of assistance for survey of bonded labourers is rs 4.
50 lakh per district.
the scheme provides for creation of district bonded labour rehabilitation fund with a permanent corpus of at least rs 10 lakh at the disposal of the district magistrate for extending immediate help to the released bonded labourers.
the fund is released by the ministry under the scheme directly to the district national child labour project society and the district project society in turn releases the fund to the implementing agencies including district administration for the purpose of the bonded labourer rehabilitation scheme forthwith.
transfer of benefits to beneficiary account is on dbt (direct benefit transfer) mode from district national child labour project society for cutting delay.
b'veteran servicemen shout slogans during a protest against the one rank one pension scheme outside the finance minister arunjaitley residence in new delhi.
(file photo) veteran servicemen shout slogans during a protest against the one rank one pension scheme outside the finance minister arunjaitley residence in new delhi.
(file photo)protesting ex-servicemen tonight suspended their 320-day-old agitation for complete implementation of one rank one pension (orop) as senior lawyer ram jethmalani assured them of leading their legal battle in the apex court.
the indefinite relay fast has been suspended now as we will be taking the legal recourse.
defence minister manohar parrikar had said that proverbial gun was been held to the head of the government by virtue of our presence at jantar mantar.
now that we have suspended the agitation, we believe that parrikar will now keep his promises made to us, said col (retd) anil kaul, spokesperson of the ex-servicemen movement.
addressing armed forces veterans staging protest at jantar mantar in the national capital, jethmalani said he would fight their case in the supreme court.
i am 93-year-old and i can die any day but i assure you that it will not happen before i get you justice from the supreme court, jethmalani said.
major general (retd) satbir singh, leader of the protesting veterans, claimed a case will be filed by jethmalani on orop demand in the supreme court in next 3-4 days and he will not charge any fee.
he said four more cases have been filed in the armed forces tribunal.
these cases pertain to rulings for jawans, war widows, arrears since 2006, payments for honorary ranks, rounding off of disability pension, and payments of reservists, he said.
the veterans protest at jantar mantar entered its 320th day today.
defence minister manohar parrikar had in september last year announced implementation of the long delayed orop for ex-servicemen but the veterans have been continuing with their protest demanding complete implementation of the scheme.
these comprise deposits between rs 2 lakh and rs 80 lakh.
a total of rs 4.
89 lakh crore, comprising deposits of over rs 80 lakh, were entered into 1.
48 lakh accounts.
(representational image) these comprise deposits between rs 2 lakh and rs 80 lakh.
a total of rs 4.
89 lakh crore, comprising deposits of over rs 80 lakh, were entered into 1.
48 lakh accounts.
(representational image)revenue secretary hasmukh adhia thursday said deposits of rs 2 lakh or more formed a sizeable chunk of the demonetised currency that found their way into bank accounts immediately after the november 8 announcement on withdrawal of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
watch video | multiple deposits between rs 2 lakh-rs 2.
5 lakh against single pan number, says governmentasked if deposits of less than rs 2 lakh constituted the majority deposits in accounts, adhia said: na na, woh zyaada nahi hai.
rs 2 lakh se upar wale mein hi main hua hai.
(no, thats not big.
the bulk of deposits were those above rs 2 lakh.
) and people thought rs 2.
5 lakh tak safe hai, so most of them have done rs 2.
25 lakh (deposits) in 10-15 accounts.
we have cases in which 20 accounts are connected to a single pan.
read | enforcing rs 15-lakh cap on cash holding difficult; idea still being examined, says hasmukh adhiaover two-thirds of the demonetised currency deposited in banks has come in the form of deposits over rs 2 lakh  totalling around rs 10.
38 lakh crore.
these are the immediate high-level cases, which apparently appear to be odd.
the operation clean money targets them in the first phase, adhia said a day after the budget.
watch what else is making newsdeposits totalling rs 5.
48 lakh crore were made in 1.
09 crore accounts.
these comprise deposits between rs 2 lakh and rs 80 lakh.
a total of rs 4.
89 lakh crore, comprising deposits of over rs 80 lakh, were entered into 1.
48 lakh accounts.
the government has also mined a deep data set of multiple deposits of between rs 2 lakh and rs 2.
5 lakh in dozens of accounts against a single pan number.
this has made the governments task of nabbing the tax evader relatively easy.
while a total of 18 lakh cases of suspect deposits have been identified by the department in the first phase, the operation clean money would continue for the next two years, adhia said.
they (18 lakh cases) are all part of operation clean money now.
whatever exercise we do and this is only the first phase, there will be phase two, phase three, phase four.
it will go on for two years so nobody should take it quietly that their turn has not come, he said.
many people deposited funds between rs 2 lakh to less than rs 2.
5 lakh in multiple accounts, thinking these would not be caught.
the government had initially said that tax department will not trouble people depositing up to rs 2.
5 lakh into their bank accounts, which is the exemption limit for each individual.
(rs 2.
5 lakh exemption) that was for genuine housewives, who may be having some savings same name, same address mila hai, alag alag bank mein.
all that computer can find out.
now, pan is made compulsory .
everyone must do it before february 28.
adhia said the government has not issued any notices in these 18 lakh cases, but has asked the taxpayer to clarify about these on the electronic platform.
it is possible that some or many of these could be genuine deposits and these depositors, he said, need not worry.
on tuesday, the government launched the swachh dhan abhiyan or operation clean money and said it had identified 18 lakh persons who deposited amounts of rs 5 lakh or more between november 9 and december 30 but whose income profiles did not match the amounts deposited.
following up their efforts to unearth unaccounted money, tax authorities are also scrutinising these accounts and have asked taxpayers to revert to their queries within 10 days.
so we are not saying you are are a criminal till they give the answer.
they can only say, there may be mistakes also.
it may have gone to a wrong person and he can say that i am exempt or he must have got a regularly paid income, there must be some mistake about it.
it may not be his amount also, he can come and tell us that he doesnt know who has deposited the money in his account.
it may happen, so all these things will happen.
but we are not considering them as criminals, he said.
thats why we are giving them the first opportunity to reconcile online, without any notice also.
its not even a notice, unlike what news reports said that 18 lakh people to get notice, its not notice.
its just putting the data on the e-filing website in their e-filing account, put in their password and then see if theres anything there, he said.
09 crore accounts with an average deposit size of rs 5.
03 lakh during the period november 8-december 30.
also, deposits of more than rs 80 lakh were made in 1.
48 lakh accounts with average deposit size of rs 3.
31 crore, he said, adding that this data would help the government immensely in expanding the tax net as well as increasing the revenues.
this results in a total of rs 10.
38 lakh crore deposits of more than rs 2 lakh in each account.
while the government expects the demonetisation impact on the economy to be transient, this has given the government a warchest of data to widen the tax base significantly.
the main benefit (of demonetisation) which has come in is that money has lost its anonymity.
we know exactly who is holding how much cash.
it is a different thing that people have tried to fragment their cash into different accounts but we will try to map them on a computer and see what is happening.
this will help us immensely, adhia said.
b'west bengal chief minister and tmc supremo mamata banerjee.
(pti photo) west bengal chief minister and tmc supremo mamata banerjee.
(pti photo)mamata banerjee was sworn in today as the chief minister of west bengal for the second consecutive time at kolkatas historic red road.
she will be leading a cabinet of 42 members including her.
17 new faces will be among the cabinet of banerjees new term in bengal.
officials said an elaborate security cover has been arranged for the function  around 1,000 policemen were deployed on red road.
this is the first time a chief minister has taken oath on red road in an event open to the public.
many of the leaders seen in the narada tapes feature in the new banerjee cabinet.
finance minister arunjaitley and mos for urban development babul supriyo represented the centre at the ceremony.
live updates1:05 pm: all the ministers have now taken oath.
1:00 pm: the full list of ministers in the mamata cabinetamit mitra,partha chatterjee,subrata mukherjee,sovandeb chatterjee,suvendu adhikari,goutam deb,abani joardar,bratya basu,sovan chatterjee,abdur rezzak mollah,jyotipriyo mullick,binay barman,rabindranath ghosh,santiram mahato,churamani mahato,tapan dasgupta,james kujur,siddiquallah chowdhury,ashima patra,bachhu hansda,ghulam rabbani,zakir hossain,laxmi ratan shukla,indranil sen,sandharani tudu,firhad hakim,shashi panja,sadhan pande,moloy ghatak,chandranath sinha,rajib banerjee,ashish banerjee,purnendu bose,manturam pakhira,soumen mahapatra,swapan debnath,arup roy,arup biswas,giasuddin mollah,javed khan,shyamal santra12:52 pm: there are 41 ministers in the mamata cabinet.
12:49 pm: prominent ministers include amit mitra, partha chatterjee, sovan chatterjee, subrata mukherjee and firhad hakim took their oaths.
12:47 pm: the ministers are now taking their oaths.
prominent12:42 pm: banerjee has taken her oath as the chief minister of the state.
12:32 pm: banerjee has arrived for the ceremony.
12:29 pm: at least 20,000 people have come in to attend the function.
12:25 pm: nitish kumar, arvind kejriwal and akhilesh yadav are scheduled to be present.
12:20 pm: the cm told reporters on thursday that all districts except malda have been represented.
the trinamool does not have a single mla in malda district.
12:15 pm: kolkata mayor sovan chatterjee, former indian cricketer laxmi ratan shukla and singer indranil sen will be among 17 new faces in the new cabinet.
b'rajya sabha mp & senior bjp leader subramanian swamy during an interactive meeting on indian: economic and political outlook, at indian merchant chember, in mumbai on thursday.
pti photo rajya sabha mp & senior bjp leader subramanian swamy during an interactive meeting on indian: economic and political outlook, at indian merchant chember, in mumbai on thursday.
pti phototaking his attack to those in the finance ministry to a new level, bjp mp subramanian swamy today issued veiled threat to those asking him to follow restraint saying if he disregarded discipline there will be a bloodbath.
people giving me unasked for advice of discipline and restraint dont realise that if i disregard discipline there would be a bloodbath, he tweeted in an obvious attack on finance minister arun jaitley.
though he did not name arunjaitley , he was obviously referring to the minister urging him for restraint and discipline in the wake of his attacks on chief economic adviser arvind subramanian on wednesday and his use of the word discipline in defending economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das yesterday.
watch video: whats making newsin another apparent swipe at arunjaitley , whose photographs of meeting with the bank of china chairman tian guoli in beijing in a longue suit appeared in newspapers today, swamy asked bjp to advise ministers to wear traditional and modernised indian cloths when abroad.
bjp should direct our ministers to wear traditional and modernised indian clothes while abroad.
in coat and tie they look like waiters, swamy said in another tweet.
swamy has been active on twitter over the last two-three days, attacking officials of finance ministry and taking swipe at jaitley.
b'senior congress leader digvijaya singh.
(source: express file photo by tashi tobgyal) senior congress leader digvijaya singh.
(source: express file photo by tashi tobgyal)showing no signs of budging from its demands on goods and service tax (gst) bill, digvijay singh, secretary of all india congress commitee (aicc) said that the party will support the central government bill in rajya sabha only if its demands are met by the central government.
we are opposed to three provisions of the gst bill, including capping of taxation at 18 perc ent, states should not have the option of adding one percent and more state representation as they are giving-up on their taxation rights, he said.
however, according to the aicc secretary, the bjp-led central government did not seem serious about gst.
had they been, they would have brought the bill in the budget session, they did not even attempt it.
no meeting was done with congress leadership to resolve the issue.
according to singh, subject to the demands put forward by the congress party  only then it would support the passage of gst bill.
we know that the gst bill is important for the trade and industry.
it has been on congress agenda since 2007 when we proposed it, but then bjp leaders in the opposition refused to accept it, he said.
however in reference to finance minister arunjaitley repeated assurance that he has secured consensus for gst, digvijay said that the bjp leader was a master of double speak and u turn.
the statement he (jaitley) has made during his tenure as then leader of opposition in rajya sabha, he has made absolute u turn on it as finance minister.
so you cannot trust arunjaitley for his statement on (consensus) to the gst bill, he said.
b'move an attempt to end adhocism file photo/agencies move an attempt to end adhocism file photo/agencieswith the congress locked in negotiations with the government on many key legislation, including the goods and services tax and private member bills like the one on andhra pradesh, congress president sonia gandhi has set up a high-powered parliamentary group to examine the legislative business of the government and help the party decide its stand.
the idea is to ensure that the party puts up a coherent position on bills.
former finance minister p chidambaram, who returned to parliament after two years, has been made a member of the committee.
the other members are congresss deputy leader in the rajya sabha, anand sharma, former union ministers jairam ramesh and k v thomas and young mp rajiv satav.
thomas and satav are members of the lok sabha.
this is the first time sonia has set up a formal mechanism to examine bills.
sources in the party said the move was as an attempt to end adhocism in the partys response to key legislation.
significantly, sonias letter said the group would coordinate with party mps in various parliamentary committees and ensure a coherent position is adopted by the party during relevant meetings.
the letter added:  based on the inputs of this group, party stand on legislative matters can be decided by congress president, vice-president in consultation with leaders of the lok sabha and rajya sabha.
thomas would be the informal convenor of the group.
sources said the decision to set up the group was decided at a meeting chaired by sonia and attended by rahul.
watch video: whats making newsthe stress on examining even private member bills is interesting given the party had locked horns with the government, demanding voting on a private member bill moved by its member in the rajya sabha, k v p ramachandra rao.
after stalling the governments legislative agenda for the last two days, the congress today relented and allowed discussion on the compensatory afforestation fund bill, 2016, after it became clear that the government would not agree to a vote on the andhra bill, arguing it falls in the category of money bills.
finance minister arunjaitley had made it clear on tuesday that the house cannot vote on a money bill.
sources said that at a meeting of floor leaders convened by rajya sabha chairman hamid ansari to break the logjam, it was decided that the house would hold a discussion on providing a package to andhra pradesh.
sources said while congress had sought the discussion under rule 167, which entails voting, the party would be satisfied if the debate ends in a house resolution which commits to honour the promises made by the upa government while bifurcating the state.
sources in the congress said the party was now resigned to the fate that the bill would be declared a money bill.
union buget 2018: for the coming fiscal, the budget estimate of 3.
2 per cent is the same as last years and above the 3 per cent level as per the original glide path union buget 2018: for the coming fiscal, the budget estimate of 3.
2 per cent is the same as last years and above the 3 per cent level as per the original glide pathit would have been too much to expect a government heading for national polls in about a years time to present a big-bang reformist budget.
but what is disappointing is to see the narendra modi government coming out with a budget that significantly deviates from its earlier deficit targets.
this is a government that, after all, can be credited with not compromising on fiscal prudence, unlike the previous upa regime.
that track record has, however, now been somewhat dented, with the centres fiscal deficit for 2017-18 estimated at 3.
5 per cent of gdp, against the originally budgeted 3.
2 per cent.
for the coming fiscal, the budget estimate of 3.
2 per cent is the same as last years and above the 3 per cent level as per the original glide path.
such fiscal slippages would have been tolerable even a year ago, when global interest rates and oil prices were low.
but in todays scenario, with international crude prices at about $70 a barrel and central banks withdrawing the monetary stimulus measures put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, not sticking to borrowing targets can prove dangerous.
this was seen on thursday, with yields on the 10-year government bonds soaring from 7.
43 per cent to 7.
61 per cent  a significant jump in a single day.
it would be interesting to see the response of the rbi at the next meeting of its monetary policy committee on february 7.
clearly, the impact of breaching deficit targets  and the implications on interest rates across the economy  has been underestimated.
the same lack of recognition of global realities is visible in not cutting the corporate tax rate  from 30 per cent to 25 per cent, as was promised in the 2015-16 budget.
high rates are counter-productive when other countries  notably the trump administration in the us  have gone in for deep tax cuts to make it attractive to do business in their domestic jurisdictions.
the same goes with imposing long term capital gains on stocks and equity mutual fund units.
this would have been fine, had it been accompanied by doing away with the current 20 per cent tax on distribution of dividends by companies along with making dividend incomes solely taxable at the hands of the investor.
one way to interpret this is that investors in stock markets have made hay during the last couple of years and it is only fair to tax a part of their profits.
similarly, large corporates, it can be argued, can afford to pay a higher tax rate.
but this is a narrow and mechanical view.
corporates, ultimately, are drivers of economic activity, while markets are a barometer of business sentiment.
for a country that has been starved of investments in the last few years, the current measures would simply be counterproductive.
yes, capital gains should be taxed, but whether this was the time to rock markets needs to be asked.
having said that, the budget offers several positives as well.
the proposal to have a flagship scheme providing over 10 crore poor and vulnerable families with an insurance cover of up to rs 5 lakh for secondary and tertiary care hospitalisation is certainly welcome.
the fiscal cost of subsidising the premiums on this scheme  without which no insurer would be willing to take it up  is not known.
but it is something that is worth funding.
the centre should get the states on board to meet a part of the premium burden and, of course, to ensure its delivery to the targeted beneficiaries.
the sheer numbers involved should make it possible to bring down the overall cost of the scheme, which is touted as the worlds largest government-funded healthcare programme.
there is a similar lack of clarity on how the modi government plans to give 50 per cent return over production costs to farmers while fixing minimum support prices (msp)  and how it will ensure that they get this benefit.
ideally, this should be done through a mechanism wherein the difference between the msp and market prices is directly credited to the bank accounts of farmers.
the madhya pradesh government is already implementing a bhavantar price deficiency scheme, which can be replicated nationally with 50:50 central:state funding.
such a scheme should replace the existing physical procurement programme that is both fiscally more costly and also benefits only rice and wheat-growing farmers of select states.
it is good that finance minister arunjaitley has left the design of a mechanism for implementing a price deficiency scheme for farmers to the niti aayog.
it is good, also, that the government has thought it fit to push the large corporates, to start with, to go to the bond market for a part of their financing needs.
that should have a knock-on impact on banks whose balance sheets should be freed up to lend more to smes and smaller firms and to retail borrowers.
it will also send a signal to corporate india on lenders having a greater say unlike in the past  which led to banks being burdened with a pile of bad loans.
the economic survey referred to the need for creative incrementalism to push growth rather than big bang reforms.
going by what was on offer on thursday, there doesnt seem to be much creativity on offer.
the overwhelming feeling is of an opportunity missed again  at a crucial time when there is synchronised global growth and many of the so-called fragile economies the fm referred to are also slowly bouncing back.
too often, governments have taken growth as a given.
this government should not end up making the same mistake.
b'finance minister arunjaitley and other bjp leaders after the parliamentary party meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
prem nath pandey finance minister arunjaitley and other bjp leaders after the parliamentary party meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
prem nath pandeywith the congress now settling for nuanced changes in the goods and services tax (gst) bill, the government is working overtime to build an all-party consensus on the path-breaking indirect tax reform.
after almost an hour-long meeting last friday with congress leaders on the gst, union finance minister arunjaitley had a brief talk tuesday with congresss deputy leader in rajya sabha anand sharma.
sources said the congress, which has been insisting on specifying the gst rate in the constitution itself, has now sought certain nuanced changes in the gst bill.
sources in the congress said there was no structured meeting between sharma and arunjaitley , and the two only spoke briefly but on other issues.
watch video: whats making newsthe congress, sources said, had demanded significant changes to the constitutional amendment bill, but was willing to discuss the governments alternative options to mentioning the gst rate in the constitution.
a couple of options, according to experts working with the government on gst, are to mention the rate in the gst bill that the centre and states have to separately legislate or make it incumbent upon the gst council to strongly recommend the least rate.
meanwhile, arunjaitley met bihar chief minister nitish kumar who has voiced his support for the gst.
we believe in gst and have favoured it since the beginning; it is for the welfare of the state and the country, nitish kumar said after the meeting.
the finance minister also plans to travel to andhra pradesh and telangana to meet the trs and tdp leadership.
the government is counting on galvanising support from other parties and states.
the centre has to talk to all states and parties, a senior congress leader said.
according to the congress leader, formal discussions with the government will continue this week.
a draft is likely to be discussed over the next couple of days, the leader said.
the pay commission reconsidered it and the parity they expected has been restored, he said.
(representational) the pay commission reconsidered it and the parity they expected has been restored, he said.
(representational)rejecting the 7th pay commissions recommendation of a slab-based system to calculate the disability pensions, the union cabinet wednesday approved the original percentage-based system that was implemented after the 6th pay commissions recommendations.
retention of the percentage-based system will benefit existing and future defence pensioners.
this system also brings additional pension expenditure of rs 130 crore per year will make centres total annual pension bill approximately rs 1,76,071 crores.
this modification will be implemented from january 1, 2016.
an official statement released said, the cabinet chaired by prime minister narendra modi approved retention of percentage-based regime, which the 7th cpc recommended to be replaced by a slab-based system.
moreover, he noted the problem of parity with civil defence employees.
there was a decision on disability pension, in which there was an alternative slab system.
there was a representation regarding it which said it was not sufficient compensation for those who get disabled during service, and there was also an issue of parity with the civilian employees, he said.
the pay commission reconsidered it and the parity they expected has been restored, he said.
the defence ministry had referred this issue to the national anomaly committee, after the defence forces made representation to keep the slab-system, because it was leading to a reduction in disability pension for both current and future pensioners.
jaitley also said the defence pensioners will have to options to choose from.
the pre-2016 pensioners will be given two options  one, they can take pension on the basis of 2.
57 per cent multiplier.
second, a pay fixation formula given by the pension committee, he said.
according to the official statement, the revised pension regulation will incur an expenditure of rs 5031 crore for the year 2016-2017 which will be over and above the expenses already incurred in pension revisions.
the move is set to benefit more than 55 lakh civil, defence, and family pensioners from before 2016.
pensions of pre-2016 pensioners were revised as per the second formulation, multiplying existing pension by a fitment factor of 2.
57, though the pensioners were to be given the option of choosing the more beneficial of the two formulations as per the 7th cpc recommendations, the statement said.
jaitley said there were three other concerns that the government had accepted and elaborated on them.
there are three concerns which government has accepted  two before the cabinet and one an executive decisionone relates to the pay matrix  increasing it from 24 to 40; second is an index of rationalisation for colonels and lieutenant colonels from 2.
57 to 2.
67; and third, pay protection to those who are protected from brigadier rank upwards because they lost the military service pay.
obviously you cant get promoted and be paid less, he said.
eight state assemblies have passed the state goods and services tax (sgst) bill in april-may as the centre gears up to roll out the new indirect tax regime nationwide from july.
while telangana passed the sgst bill on april 9, the legislation was approved in bihar on april 24.
in rajasthan, it was done on april 26, jharkhand  april 27, chhattisgarh -april 28, uttarakhand  may 2, madhya pradesh  may 3 and haryana  may 4, a finance ministry statement said today.
the remaining states/uts (having legislative assemblies) are likely to pass the bill before the end of this month, it said.
some that get left would be approving it next month.
the gst council, the top decision making body headed by finance minister arunjaitley , had approved the model sgst bill at its 12th meeting on march 16 this year.
the next gst council meeting will be held at srinagar on may 18-19 to fix the tax rates of various commodities.
the central government proposes to roll out the gst from july 1.
the quick passage of the state gst act by the state assemblies, the statement said, shows the keenness on their part to ensure timely roll out of the gst.
the tax officials of the centre as well as the states have already launched the outreach programme to create general awareness among people about the new tax regime which will subsume service tax, excise and various other levies.
investigations against alleged con man japjeevsingh chaddha, who was arrested earlier this week for allegedly impersonating union minister arunjaitley son, have unearthed a separate con job that he had pulled off a couple of times before his arrest.
chaddha (28) was arrested on monday by the property cell of the mumbai police crime branch after he tried to get the credit limit of his loan extended by calling up officials of his bank and identifying himself as rohan jaitley.
chaddha had saved his own number in the name of rohan arunjaitley in truecaller, and had also used a picture of the arunjaitley father-son duo as his whatsapp display image to sell his lie.
while interrogating him, the police learnt of a separate scam that he had pulled last month.
chaddha, who comes from a mumbai-based business family, entered into a partnership with a businessman last month who was trying to launch a medium-scale business in mumbai.
the businessman was at that time trying to get a heavy loan sanctioned from a city based bank so that he could get the capital for his business.
around a week after the partnership was finalised, the loan was sanctioned.
chaddha then told his new business partner that he had, out of goodwill, pulled a lot of strings in the bank to get the loan sanctioned, said a crime branch officer.
the unsuspecting businessman had no idea that he had got the loan without any help, and expressed gratitude towards chaddha who then convinced the businessman to pay him rs 25,000 as his commission, the officer added.
inquiries till now have indicated that chaddha pulled this scam at least twice before he landed in the polices net.
however, the specifics of this aspect are still being verified, investigating officers said.
chaddha, in his confession, has allegedly told the police that he started pulling off con jobs as he needed money for his gambling addiction.
chaddha is a regular visitor to some select casinos in goa and needs money to keep playing.
he started using his spare time to dream up such schemes so that he could pay off his debts, compensate for the losses that he incurred and keep placing more bets, the officer said.
chaddha has been remanded to police custody till october 9, and is being questioned further.
gautam.
b'tdp should also come out of the nda alliance and support a no-confidence motion ysrcp will move on march 21.
on april 6, all tdp mps should join us in resigning enmasse, ysr congress party jaganmohan reddy said.
tdp should also come out of the nda alliance and support a no-confidence motion ysrcp will move on march 21.
on april 6, all tdp mps should join us in resigning enmasse, ysr congress party jaganmohan reddy said.
a day after andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu announced that the telugu desam party (tdp) was pulling out its two ministers from the bjp-led government at the centre, ysrcp chief and leader of opposition in assembly y s jagan mohan reddy has dared naidu to pull out of the nda completely.
tdp should also come out of the nda alliance and support a no-confidence motion ysrcp will move on march 21.
on april 6, all tdp mps should join us in resigning enmasse, jagan said thursday.
on wednesday, naidu had said the party will take a call on pulling out of nda when the time comes.
the announcement had come hours after finance minister arunjaitley ruled out special status to andhra pradesh.
according to political commentators, naidu has stolen jagans thunder by asking the two ministers to resign.
in parliament, assembly and across andhra, the tdp is now being seen as champion of the special status issue instead of ysrcp, which built up the campaign last year and created pressure on tdp to act, says political commentator c narasimha.
with arunjaitley categorically stating that there is no question of giving special status to andhra pradesh, jagans plans to join hands with bjp are no longer viable.
there is no question of going back on the special category status demand.
it is a lifeline for andhra pradesh which is suffering due to the bifurcation.
the congress promised it but failed to incorporate it in the ap reorganisation act, 2014.
the bjp supported and made announcements on the house floor it would ensure special status is given, but changed its stand after coming to power.
we hope it will again change its stand.
so, we will continue to fight, said ysrcp rajya sabha mp vijay sai reddy.
asked if tdp has upstaged ysrcp on the special category issue, reddy said naidu has changed his stand so many times that no one will believe him now.
while naidu had accepted the special package announced by arunjaitley on september 7, 2016, ysrcp kept raising the issue of the special category status.
during his praja sankalpa yatra last year, jagan accused naidu of compromising interests of the state by accepting the special package.
when jagan announced on february 13 that all ysrcp mps would resign on april 6 if the centre doesnt give special status to ap, the tdp was forced to act.
according to analysts, the high-pitched drama in the last two days climaxing in the resignation of union ministers from tdp, p ashok gajapati raju and y satyanarayana chowdary, have created an anti-bjp feeling in the state, which might benefit ysrcp.
advertisingcurrently, the size of the indian economy is about usd 2.
9 trillion, he said while addressing students of the shri ram college of commerce in new delhi.
we keep oscillating between fifth and the sixth largest economy, depending on the dollar rate.
as we look at the years ahead, we would be usd 5 trillion by 2024 and usd 10 trillion by 2030 or 2031.
thats when we will be amongst first three  us, china and india and then of course, we would in the rat race of the big three wanting to catch up with much mightier competitors.
so the sheer size and opportunities is going to expand, he said.
advertisingtalking about avenues of growth for the next 20 years, the finance minister listed infrastructure creation, rural expansion and gender parity, among others.
jaitley, himself an alumnus of the college, said the 2011 census showed that 21.
9 per cent of indias population lived below the poverty line (bpl) and with the present rate of growth, this might have further reduced to 17 per cent today.
it should shrink to 15 per cent by 2021 and further down to single digits by 2024-25, he said.
at the same time, the middle class population would increase to 44 per cent from 29 per cent in 2015, he said citing a study.
therefore as you look ahead you would see poverty deplete, you will see an exponential growth of middle class and probably by 2030 almost half of india would be in that category (middle class), he said.
going by the data, the size of india middle class would be four times the size of bpl when 2024 general elections takes place and therefore we have to see (whether) public discourse is still behind the curve or it takes the curve further, he said.
so, consumption will get a boost with rising number of middle class, he said, adding that infrastructure creation, both rural and urban, would also help accelerate the growth process.
he also said some sectors like infrastructure and railways need further fillip.
india lags way behind internationally in terms of its spending on research.
india lags way behind internationally in terms of its spending on research.
the hrd ministry is working on a proposal to establish an agency with a seed grant of rs 500 crore to bolster the countrys weak research output.
according to ministry sources, the national research foundation (nrf), in addition to its own seed grant, will leverage more resources from the industry to support 500 collaborative research projects between indian institutions such as iits, nits, iisers and reputed universities abroad.
india lags way behind internationally in terms of its spending on research.
the country spends just 0.
85 per cent of its gross domestic product (gdp) on research as opposed to china which spends 2.
10 per cent, usa 2.
74 per cent, japan 3.
58 per cent and israel, which contributes 4.
11 per of its gdp to this cause.
as a result, only four patents are filed per million population in india.
china files 396 patents per million people, south korea files 2,962 and japan files 2,250 patents.
nrf will be an umbrella body which will establish research priorities and provide 50 per cent of the funds required for research projects that fit the bill.
the nrf will work with science and engineering research board and indian council of medical research and finance some of their research.
it will also help the imprint programme, which is facing financial problems at this moment, said a ministry official, who did not wish to identified.
imprint is a single window mechanism for funding india-specific research across iits and other prestigious institutes, which was launched by the ministry with much fanfare last year.
of the 250-odd mous that were signed by different ministries with centrally funded educational institutions, only 60 have taken off.
many ministries havent honoured their commitment of pitching half the funds required for research and technology development.
the nrf proposal was also pitched to the prime minister during the presentation made on january 13 by the group of secretaries working on education.
the hrd ministry is keen that the nrf is announced in the union budget that will be presented on february 1.
b'finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18 (pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18 (pti photo)the health budget this year has made special provisions for elimination of five infectious diseases, strengthening of rural sub-centres, recruitment of specialist doctors in government hospitals, increased allocation for programmes for women and children, and free treatment for the elderly poor.
missing in this list is a mention of increased budgetary support for the prevention, control and care for non-communicable diseases like cancer, diabetes, hypertension and heart diseases  the major causes of ill health, disability and death in the country today.
these diseases do not only afflict urban residents.
they are the major cause of death and ill health in rural areas, where incomes are lower, and medical services are more difficult to reach.
a small part of this distress could have been addressed through additional budgetary provisions.
this would also have reflected an acknowledgement on the part of policymakers, that these conditions, and not infectious diseases, are now the major cause of ill health in the country.
since independence, a significant portion of the health budget has been channelised into infectious disease control programmes, so that these diseases now account for less than 10 per cent of deaths and only 15 per cent of ill health in the country.
the intention to eliminate five infectious diseases can be debated, especially as disease elimination is an unpredictable public health investment.
the prolonged expenditure to eradicate polio is a recent example.
india eradicated guinea worm, yaws and maternal and neonatal tetanus, without the hullabaloo associated with the much-hyped programmes that eradicated smallpox and polio.
eliminating kala-azar and filariasis, now restricted to a few areas in the country, may be feasible.
the epidemiology of leprosy and tuberculosis are so different that financial investment for their elimination warrants caution.
india has, in fact, burnt its fingers once by declaring that leprosy was not a public health problem, only to realise that leprosy cases were increasing.
the goal of tuberculosis elimination highlights another public health issue that has not received mention in the budget.
investments are needed for strengthening health services for the urban poor.
the unhealthy, over-crowded and impoverished living conditions of urban slums provide the ideal environment for proliferation of infectious diseases, and could easily undo targets of eliminating tuberculosis and leprosy.
even as the health budget has announced increased provisions for government programmes for women and children, it is time to re-examine the increased prioritisation of care for pregnant women.
for over a decade now, institutional deliveries and immunisation have been incentivised.
perhaps it is time to taper off this programme that pays women across india to deliver at hospitals, some of which may not necessarily be up to required healthcare standards.
with reducing fertility, women experience two to three pregnancies.
maternal deaths have reduced significantly across the country and are now the 10th largest cause of death among women.
at this time, investing in the creation of clean, accessible, and supportive mother and child clinics might be more cost effective.
true, planning to address the health problems of india is a daunting task especially as health priorities vary widely across the country, and india has to combat both infectious and non-communicable diseases.
while the health budget has retained a rather traditional approach, more innovative allocations, like the budgetary provision for the elderly poor, were required.
this latter allocation reassures people that public health investments acknowledge the reality of the changing demographics and health status of the country.
they reflect the fact that policymakers are preparing for the changing health status of the population that accompanies the economic progress of the country.
b'the union government has announced implementation of the seventh pay commission recommendations.
the commission recommended a 23.
55 per cent increase in overall emoluments for employees.
finance minister arunjaitley has congratulated central government officers, employees and pensioners on a historic rise in their salary & allowances through the 7th cpc.
yet, the hike  at around 14 per cent  is the lowest in 70 years.
that the latest pay hikes are much lower than those in the past is welcome.
it limits the inflationary impact of the pay revisions.
the sixth pay commission, for instance, had recommended a 20 per cent hike, which was doubled by the time it was implemented and eventually amounted to about 54 per cent.
not surprisingly, it was followed by a period of higher expenditure and higher inflation.
the government, this time, should be commended for not falling prey to such populism especially at a time when the consumer price inflation remains high.
as a result, the increased payout is expected to bump up overall growth, by placing more money in the hands of the consumers, but will also have a relatively mild impact on the overall inflation.
however, the total additional outgo of over rs 1 lakh crore, around 0.
7 per cent of the gdp, will have an impact on the fiscal deficit for the current financial year.
thats because, as the fm announced, the hike in emoluments will be effective from january 2016 and all arrears will be paid out in the current year itself.
the only way for the fm to hold on to his promise of meeting fiscal deficit targets is to compromise on the capital expenditure.
the government faces a tough choice: it cannot afford to increase salaries and pensions, which are part of the revenue expenditure, without either reducing the capital expenditure, which is important to promote growth, or taking a hit on the fiscal deficit.
watch video: 7th pay commission is historic, but not the way you thinkyet, given the fact that pay commission revisions, which affect 1 crore government employees, happen once in a period of 10 years, it was politically unviable for any government to provide a lower rate of increase.
in fact, as the fm noted, the latest recommendations made in november 2015 are being implemented more quickly than in the past.
for instance, there was a delay of 19 months and 32 months respectively in the implementation of the fifth and sixth pay commissions.
lastly, concerns about the affordability of such pay hikes, especially during a period of economic stress, cannot be divorced from the long-ignored need for a more efficient and accountable workforce.
5 lakh for taking tax benefit.
5 lakh for taking tax benefit.
on february 29, in the union budget, finance minister arunjaitley proposed to tax withdrawal of 60 per cent of accumulations in the employees provident fund (epf) after april 1, 2016.
he also announced a monetary limit for the contribution of employers to the provident and superannuation fund of rs 1.
5 lakh for taking tax benefit.
on march 8, both proposals were dropped.
this rollback raises questions about policy credibility.
beyond the merits and demerits of taxing epf, it shows a lack of due diligence in preparing the tax proposal in the first place  it was not brought up or circulated in any of the meetings of the central board of trustees of the employees provident fund organisation, for instance.
there was a failure to make the case for, or communicate the merits of, such taxation.
not surprisingly, the move drew all-round criticism from stakeholders.
there are valid reasons for such a tax.
for one, the proposed tax would have equalised the treatment of the epf and the national pension system (nps).
currently, the epf is favourably positioned as it is fully exempt from taxation while the nps attracts taxation at the time of withdrawal, even though the budget has provided it with a 40 per cent exemption.
two, notwithstanding the criticism of the tax move,the truth is that about 83 per cent of epf subscribers would not have been affected.
some aspects of the tax move were unjustified.
for example, the government clarified, after the budget, that the tax exemption would continue to apply to even the 60 per cent if the money withdrawn is re-invested in annuity schemes.
this smacked of financial paternalism as it curtailed the choices for an individual with regard to retirement savings.
how does the rollback now impact the broader idea of creating a pensioned society and improving the attractiveness of the nps  the two stated goals of the budget proposal?
in view of representations received, the government would like to do a comprehensive review of this proposal, the fm said in the lok sabha.
but it is unlikely that the government will re-implement another version of this tax in a hurry, primarily because it is now seen as politically toxic.
the fm must not lose the moment to reform the overall pensions regime in the country.
this time, the government should make more space for a dialogue with stakeholders and build a consensus before rushing to introduce a proposal.
(file) finance minister arunjaitley , said all our (indias) economic parameters in terms of fiscal prudence, fiscal deficit, current account deficit, inflation control, i think the figures have been quite encouraging.
jaitley said as far as the economy is concerned, all the decisions taken by the modi-government are consistently in one direction.
the aspirational class in india has become very large and therefore, through the decision making of the government there is a popular support.
election results have indicated that.
most important decisions as a result of this pressure of public opinion are also finally resulting in decisions with larger political support, said the minister who is on an official visit here.
my own impression of the indian economy today is that under the current global environment, certainly the 7-8 per cent range is the absolute normal that we have.
all our economic parameters in terms of fiscal prudence, fiscal deficit, current account deficit, inflation control, i think the figures have been quite encouraging.
they have never been so good as far as india is concerned, he said while speaking at the council on foreign relations.
india continues to be the worlds fastest growing large economy.
the country is likely to register a growth of 7.
4 per cent in the current fiscal.
jaitley also said if global growth picks up, then we are quite capable of improving on our present normal and then creating a new normal.
the finance minister added that at least for the next two decades india needs high growth to reduce poverty.
pune, which was known as pensioners paradise, has a sizeable portion of retired citizens and the tax reliefs announced by arunjaitley have certainly come as music to their ears.
pune, which was known as pensioners paradise, has a sizeable portion of retired citizens and the tax reliefs announced by arunjaitley have certainly come as music to their ears.
union finance minister arunjaitley budget might not have received a thumping response from pune inc, but senior citizens in the city have hailed the budget.
pune, which was known as pensioners paradise, has a sizeable portion of retired citizens and the tax reliefs announced by arunjaitley have certainly come as music to their ears.
of course the budget has provided huge relief for us as senior citizens.
premium rates for medical insurance policies are very high for us.
so this increase in exemption limit from rs 30,000 to rs 60,000 for medical expenditure, gives us relief,  said suresh ranade, a chartered accountant.
last year, the government had drastically slashed the rates of bank and post office fixed deposits, which had caused grave concern for senior citizens.
many who depend on these instruments for their monthly expenses were suddenly at a loss as to how to make their ends meet.
considering what happened with many senior citizens who had invested their money in housing schemes like those of d s kulkarni developers, fixed deposits and postal schemes are considered by senior citizens as safe and secure investment options.
but as interest rates were very low and taxable income limit was rs 10,000, the increase in that limit to rs 50,000 brings us much needed relief, he added.
the centre has increased the tax exemption limit for income earned from interest, from rs 10,000 to rs 50,000.
it has also increased the tax break on health insurance and medical expenditure from rs 30,000 to rs 60,000.
and in the case of critical illnesses, it has been increased from rs 60,000 to rs 1,00,000.
another senior citizen, sadashiv patil, while commenting on the pradhan mantri vaya vandana yojana, whose existing limit on investment of rs 7.
5 lakh per senior citizen has been doubled to rs 15 lakh, said, not many people know about this scheme and senior citizens will invest in it if the rate of return is attractive.
apart from this, we were expecting that the taxable income limit for us would be increased from rs 3 lakh to rs 3.
5 lakh; which has not happened.
so this is bit of disappointment for us, but overall its a good budget, he said.
former union finance minister and senior bjp leader arunjaitley has been put on life support system and a multidisciplinary team of doctors at aiims, in the national capital, is monitoring his condition, sources said on saturday.
advertisingseveral leaders, including bihar chief minister nitish kumar, union health minister harsh vardhan and railways minister piyush goyal visited the cardio-neuro centre at aiims on saturday to enquire about jaitleys health.
among others who visited the hospital are j&k governor satyapal malik, bsp chief mayawati, bjp leader satish upadhyay, congress leaders abhishek singhvi and jyotiraditya scindia, and air force chief air marshal birender singh dhanoa, sources said.
former uttar pradesh chief minister mayawati tweeted, i visited aiims today to enquire about the health condition of former finance and defence minister, and senior bjp leader shri arun jaitley.
i met his family and consoled them and prayed to the almighty that he recovers soon.
jaitley, 66, was admitted to the hospital on august 9 after he complained of breathlessness and restlessness.
on friday, union health minister dr harsh vardhan had said, doctors at aiims are doing the best they can.
b'the hike in prices comes on the back of a rise in international oil prices by 13 paisa over petrol and 15 paisa on diesel.
(file) the hike in prices comes on the back of a rise in international oil prices by 13 paisa over petrol and 15 paisa on diesel.
(file)petrol prices on sunday touched rs 74.
40 per litre, the highest under the bjp led government since 2014.
meanwhile, diesel rates soared to a record high of rs 65.
65 in the national capital.
under the daily price revision by oil companies, prices of both petrol and diesel were hiked by 19 paise each on the intervening midnight of april 21-22.
the hike in prices comes on the back of a rise in international oil prices by 13 paise over petrol and 15 paise on diesel.
the current rate of rs 74.
40 per litre is highest since september 2013 when the rates touched rs 76.
06.
the hike in fuel prices has once again given way to demands of slashing excise duty.
the finance ministry has so far ignored such calls.
finance minister arunjaitley did not provide any respite in the union budget over fuel price hike despite demands to cut down prices owing to global crude oil cues.
india has the highest retail prices of petrol and diesel among south asian nations as taxes account for half of the pump rates.
jaitley had raised excise duty nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell, but then cut the tax just once in october last year by rs 2 a litre.
the october 2017 excise duty cut cost the government rs 26,000 crore in annual revenue and about rs 13,000 crore during the remaining part of the current fiscal year.
the government had between november 2014 and january 2016 raised excise duty on petrol and diesel on nine occasions to take away gains arising from plummeting global oil prices.
b'punjab dy chief minister sukhbir singh badal talking to media after meeting with bjp president amit shah and arun jetliey at shah residence in new delhi on tuesday.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) punjab dy chief minister sukhbir singh badal talking to media after meeting with bjp president amit shah and arun jetliey at shah residence in new delhi on tuesday.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)twenty months after they were voted to power, nda allies, particularly the akali dal and shiv sena, confronted big brother bjp over a host of issues at a meeting of the alliance monday night.
even tdp chief n chandrababu naidu, who was not so blunt as the rest, asked the bjp to be more supportive of the allies in states where they are in power.
the meeting at the residence of parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu, chaired by bjp president amit shah, had been called to ensure better coordination among nda allies, inside and outside parliament.
shah wrapped up the somewhat stormy proceedings by declaring that they would all contest the 2019 lok sabha polls as allies.
he assured the allies that individual concerns would be addressed in separate meetings with the constituents.
at the meeting, shiv sena leader sanjay raut was quoted as having said: sometimes, we have difficulty understanding whether or not this is our government.
rpis ramdas athawale raised the issue of the suicide of rohith vemula, a dalit student of hyderabad university.
this was one issue which had damaged the image of the nda, athawale was quoted as telling the meeting.
the central government stand on the minority status of jamia millia islamia too figured in the discussions, sources said.
on tuesday, shah met chandrababu naidu during the day and punjab deputy chief minister and akali dal president sukhbir singh badal at night.
we are jointly working on a strategy to win the next elections: punjab deputy cm sukhbir singh badal pic.
twitter.com/kubpeelpfs  ani (@ani_news) february 9, 2016sources said shah assured badal that their alliance in punjab would remain intact and a meeting would soon be called to chalk out a joint strategy for the assembly elections in the state next year.
badal, sources said, was very vocal at the monday meeting of the alliance partners where he said there was a growing feeling among minorities that the nda government was anti-minority.
he is learnt to have said there was a huge difference between the earlier nda government headed by atal bihari vajpayee and the current one.
he also underlined that there was no coordination between the bjp and its allies on major issues.
he said top akali leaders used to get an appointment from vajpayee at five-minute notice but now one could be made to wait for months.
he said even the upa government would listen to an opposition government and try to accommodate their just demands, sources said.
badal cited reports which quoted bjp leaders as saying that the party was still to decide whether to continue the alliance in punjab.
he told shah that such statements did the combine no good, though the bjp, the smaller partner in the state government, was free to chart its own course.
sources said he made a pointed reference to the statements of former bjp mp navjot singh sidhu.
he also complained that akali leaders were not informed about programmes of finance minister arunjaitley in the region.
shah, sources said, assured badal that the alliance was strong as ever and there was no truth in reports that the bjp planned to fight the next assembly elections on its own.
badal was quoted as having said: give me one instance where any leader of the akali dal has made any statement about any bjp leader.
on the other hand, i can cite numerous instances where bjp leaders have spoken about akali dal leaders.
when raut endorsed the points made by badal, venkaiah naidu, sources said, pointed out that sena mouthpiece saamna had criticised prime minister narendra modi.
raut said this was not correct since the sena had always been clear about its stand on the issue of pakistan.
he said the sena was opposed to peace talks with pakistan as long as that country backed terrorism in india.
this is the shiv sena line and there is nothing against the prime minister in it, raut was quoted as having said, adding pakistan and the prime minister are not the same.
sources said raut complained that unlike vajpayee and advani, the bjp no longer consulted its allies on important issues.
he was particularly critical of the partners being kept out of the consultation process on matters as important as the attack on the pathankot airbase.
prime minister narendra modi (file photo) prime minister narendra modi (file photo)hours after the union cabinet decided to do away with red beacons on top of officials cars, prime minister narendra modi on wednesday said, every indian is special.
every indian is a vip.
the prime minister was responding to a tweet that hailed his governments decision to remove red beacons atop official cars.
while responding to comments on twitter, pm modi also said that it was out of touch with the spirit of new india.
the prime ministers response comes after the union cabinet decision today to ban red beacons atop vehicles of vvips, including the prime minister, president and vice president.
many cabinet ministers, such as transport minister nitin gadkari, commerce minister nirmala sitharaman, as well as maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, have already removed red beacons from their official cars.
the decision is to be implemented by may 1.
now, neither in state or centre the government will be able to nominate any members to use the red beacon.
there are no exceptions.
he added that the rule will not apply to the fire brigade, ambulance services, police vehicles and other emergency services, which will be allowed to use the blue beacon.
the ban will apply to the prime minister, all union ministers, chief ministers, state cabinet ministers, bureaucrats and judges in the high court and supreme court.
the union cabinets decision comes close on the heels of the uttar pradesh and punjab governments decision against the use of lal batti on official cars.
b'with international yoga day tomorrow, finance minister arunjaitley hailed baba ramdev for keeping yoga alive.
with international yoga day tomorrow, finance minister arunjaitley hailed baba ramdev for keeping yoga alive.
with just a day to go for the international yoga day, union finance minister arunjaitley has hailed yoga guru baba ramdev for reviving the ancient indian practice and making people aware about the benefits of the same.
yoga has been an ancient practice in india.
yoga was well known but in the past few years baba ramdev has immensely contributed in reviving yoga and has made people aware about its positive effects and for this the whole nation is grateful to swami ji.
and last year the whole accepted yoga after the united nations declared 21st june as world yoga day, he added.
watch video: whats making newsbaba ramdev held a massive yoga camp at the iconic rajpath in new delhi on june 19 evening to mark the beginning of the international yoga day celebrations.
the event saw participation of thousands of volunteers, including political bigwigs such as union parliamentary affairs minister m. venkaiah naidu, minister of state for urban development, and for housing and urban poverty alleviation babul supriyo, bjp leaders meenakshi lekhi, manoj tiwari and vijay goel besides others.
meanwhile, elaborate preparations are underway to celebrate the international yoga day on june 21.
the main event will be held in chandigarh to be attended by prime minister narendra modi.
june 21 was declared as the international day of yoga by the united nations general assembly in december 2014.
over 190 countries, including 40 islamic nations, supported the move to have a special day for yoga.
the prime minister said through hardwork, determination and work on the ground, bjp is now a strong force both inurban & rural maharashtra.
congrats to karyakartas.
the prime minister said through hardwork, determination and work on the ground, bjp is now a strong force both inurban & rural maharashtra.
congrats to karyakartas.
applauding bjps massive victory in maharashtra civic polls, prime minister narendra modi on thursday said it is a great start to the year.
in a series of tweets, he praised bjp workers, particularly maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and state party president raosaheb danve patil, for tirelessly working for the people.
noting that the overwhelming blessings in maharashtra came after odisha, he thanked each and every indian for continuously placing their faith in bjp.
it has been been a great start to 2017.
first unprecedented support in odisha and now overwhelming blessings from people of maharashtra, said modi after the bjp came second in bmc bagging 82 of 227 seats and gaining hugely in nine other major civic bodies of maharashtra.
it has been a great start to 2017!
first the unprecedented support in odisha & now the overwhelming blessings from people of maharashtra.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 23, 2017i thank each & every indian for continuously placing their faith in bjp.
we are working determinately to create a strong & inclusive india.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 23, 2017i congratulate the entire team of @bjp4maharashtra, cm @dev_fadnavis & @raosahebdanve for working tirelessly among the people.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 23, 2017extremely thankful to the sisters & brothers of maharashtra for reposing their faith in bjp & in politics of development & good governance, modi said.
extremely thankful to the sisters & brothers of maharashtra for reposing their faith in bjp & in politics of development & good governance.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 23, 2017bjp is unwavering in the resolve to serve maharashtra with unparalleled diligence, transparency & taking the state to even greater heights.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 23, 2017the prime minister said through hardwork, determination and work on the ground, bjp is now a strong force both in urban & rural maharashtra.
congrats to karyakartas.
he added, bjp is unwavering in the resolve to serve maharashtra with unparalleled diligence, transparency & taking the state to even greater heights.
finance minister arunjaitley too hailed the partys astounding win in mahrashtra saying the results confirms that the party is capable of winning major states on its own.
he also hit out at congress for its dismal show.
in odisha, congress got squeezed out of contest.
in maharashtra, it got pushed to 3rd or 4th place in most cities.
results of local polls in odisha & maharashtra have shown that bjp is capable of winning major states on its own, said jaitley.
bjp president amit shah lauded chief minister devendra fadnavis and bjp state president raosaheb danve for the partys unprecedented success in the bmc and other civic bodies elections.
i heartily congratulate the people of maharashtra for supporting the bjps policy of development and reposing faith in sabka saath, sabka vikaas agenda, shah tweeted.
union home minister rajnath singh spoke to fadnavis to congratulate him on the bjps exceptional performance and said the bjp activists have helped expand its base across the state.
union urban development minister m. venkaiah naidu said the bjp victory civic bodies reflects peoples faith in the party leadership.
thumping victory of bjp reinforces peoples and choice in pm modi and cm fadnavis, naidu tweeted.
union minister for surface transport nitin gadkari also applauded the partys spectacular victory in the state civic elections.
the shiv sena finished on top of a hung brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) winning 84 seats followed closely by the bjp with 82 seats.
across maharashtra, however, the bjp made major gains in elections held for municipal bodies.
the shiv sena victory came in thane.
the bjp was set to gain control of at least six civic bodies  pune, nashik, ulhasnagar, akola, nagpur and amravati  out of the 10 corporations for which the elections were held on tuesday.
the party also did well in the ulhasnagar municipal corporation, as per the latest trends.
the bjp also appeared to have expanded its base in pimpri chinchwad, despite fierce competition from the ncp.
b'the supreme court of india (express photo by tashi tobgyal) the supreme court of india (express photo by tashi tobgyal)public statements over attempts by some political parties to initiate action for removal of chief justice of india dipak misra from office has left the supreme court very disturbed.
we are very disturbed about what has been happeningit is very unfortunate, a bench of justices a k sikri and ashok bhushan observed while hearing a pil seeking laying down of guidelines regulating the the procedure to be followed by mps before initiating proceedings for removal of a judge of the supreme court or a high court prior to initiating a motion for removal.
read | cji dipak misra impeachment bid a revenge petition, says arunjaitley petitioner, maharashtra-based ngo in pursuit of justice, also wants the court to direct the ministry of information and broadcasting and the press council of india to issue necessary instructions to the media and restrain them from publishing or broadcasting discussions and deliberations in this regard.
the bench refused to pass any order and said it would first like to hear the attorney generals views.
the court will hear the matter next on may 7.
read | cji dipak misra impeachment: not all in congress on board, tmc and dmk ask wheres the proofsenior advocate meenakshi arora, representing the ngo, said politicians are making all kinds of public statements about removal of a judge  the cji, in this case  although there is still no motion for this before parliament.
chief justice of india justice dipak misra (express photo by tashi tobgyal/files) chief justice of india justice dipak misra (express photo by tashi tobgyal/files)referring to media reports about removal motions against cji misra, arora said a judge cannot act fearlessly when such discourse takes place while he is in office, and the removal motion has not even been brought.
under article 121, even parliamentarians are restricted to discuss the conduct of a judge up to a certain stage, she argued.
how can these legislators, as private citizens, talk about the same issue as and when they want?
this will impact independence of the judiciaryalso read: cji dipak misra impeachment: here are five charges levelled by oppositionas she brought up the issue of gagging the media, justice sikri replied, you are right, but we will have to examine whether there can by any restraint through judicial order.
law is very clear, and everyone is supposed to know the law  even the legislature should know the law.
it is still happening.
the question is what can we do now?
the petition drew the courts attention to a draft motion for removal of the cji being made public on march 27, and said it had the effect of intimidating the judiciary, and was a gross abuse of the process of law.
bfinance minister arun jaitley.
pti photo finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photothiruvananthapuram: the bjp-led nda alliance in kerala has promised to bring socially and economically marginalised communities into the mainstream if voted to power.
on saturday, union minister arunjaitley unveiled an action plan for the nda, an alliance of 10 parties that includes ezhava party bharat dharma jana sena, which focuses on dalits, tribals and the backward communities.
share this article related article nda meeting reviews assembly poll outcome in keralanda meeting reviews assembly poll outcome in kerala assembly elections 2016: cong being pushed increasingly to the margins, says jaitleyassembly elections 2016: cong being pushed increasingly to the margins, says arunjaitley will congress stand behind a 'hotchpotch' group in 2019: arun jaitley's poserwill congress stand behind a 'hotchpotch' group in 2019: arun jaitley's poser kerala let down by udf and ldf: arun jaitleykerala let down by udf and ldf: arunjaitley arunjaitley attacks grand alliance, says three-legged race cannot be wonarun arunjaitley attacks grand alliance, says three-legged race cannot be won arunjaitley joins modi as pm chorus with shouriethe action plan, essentially a manifesto, said all landless families would be allotted land within two years and that the alliance would launch a second phase of land reforms.
a special package of rs 10,000 crore for traditional industries and special welfare schemes for workers in traditional industries and fishermen are some of the highlights of the package.
it also said 1,000 engineers, 500 teachers, 100 doctors and 50 civil servants would be groomed from among the tribal communities.
all tribals, who have passed class x, would be given government jobs.
in a bid to woo upper caste hindus, the action plan has mooted scholarship for economically backward students from these caste.
the ldf and the udf were together in delhi during the first upa regime.
in west bengal, 30 years of left rule have forced that front to go for an alliance with the congress.
the more kerala gets to tri-polar elections, the more closer the left and the congress will become, he said.
amit shah cancels kerala visitbjp president amit shah, who was to kick off his campaign tour of kerala sunday, cancelled his visit due to illness.
shah was scheduled to address three rallies  two in thiruvananthapuram and one in kollam district.
b'why are bond yields so closely clustered around each other  with only a 6 basis point difference between the highest and lowest among the 14 states that participated in the october 13 auction?
why are bond yields so closely clustered around each other  with only a 6 basis point difference between the highest and lowest among the 14 states that participated in the october 13 auction?
the forthcoming union budget would be presented at a time when there are strong headwinds from the global financial markets and weak global growth.
this is reflected in the continued deceleration in indias exports growth.
there are other factors  such as low international oil prices, which declined by about two-thirds since the last budget, the very low current account deficit, 7.
6 per cent gdp growth in the current financial year (fy15) and domestic inflation below the target  that should provide some headroom for prudent fiscal policy in the budget.
in addition, recently, the stock markets have declined sharply, which is partially attributed to bulging npas in the banking sector.
following these mixed developments, there are expectations that the forthcoming budget would ensure balance between growth and fiscal prudence.
on growth, two issues need to be understood.
despite india being the fastest growing economy in the world today, do we still need growth-revival policies?
for this, one has to understand what is the potential growth of india and what is the level of growth india wants to achieve.
in the past, the planning commission used to address both these issues, under the five-year plans, by providing medium-term perspective on growth aspirations and the drivers through which one could achieve such growth targets.
in the absence of the commissions guidance, there appears to be some institutional vacuum in this regard.
so is 7.
6 per cent gdp growth below potential, more so when the external demand has been subdued for a long time?
this is an empirical issue that needs to be addressed through long-term gdp and investment data.
the adoption of a new gdp methodology and the lack of its back series make such estimates quite difficult.
as far as the data is concerned, despite the investment rate decelerating from 33.
4 per cent to 29.
4 per cent over the last four financial years (fy13 to fy16), the real gdp growth rate has accelerated from 5.
6 per cent to 7.
6 per cent.
while this trend may be misunderstood for declining icors (incremental capital output ratio  a declining ratio indicates efficiency gains and vice versa), it could also pose a question on the way the new gdp is estimated.
be that as it may, the issue is this: what can be done in the budget to push growth closer to the 9-10 per cent, which india achieved before the 2008 financial crisis?
in this regard, there was an interesting discussion among economists and analysts (even rbi governor raghuram rajan jumped in) on whether to relax the fiscal deficit target or not, as prescribed in the revised fiscal responsibility and budget management (frbm) act, 2003, announced during the last budget as part of the medium term fiscal policy (mtfp) statement.
under the act, the central government fiscal deficit, as a percentage of gdp, was fixed at 3.
9 per cent for fy16, and 3.
5 per cent (fy17) and 3.
0 per cent (fy18) as rolling targets.
but this is only half the story.
within the mtfp there are other sub-targets; the effective revenue deficit needs to be brought down to zero by fy18, with revenue deficit at 2 per cent.
in other words, the capital expenditure (which is the difference between fiscal deficit and effective revenue deficit) should be increased from 1.
9 per cent of gdp in fy16 to 3 per cent by fy18.
our own analysis in the past suggests that these targets are internally consistent with high growth, provided all the targets are achieved and not just the headline target of fiscal deficits.
deviation in any of these targets could not only result in contraction of economic activity but also put pressure on public debt and its servicing.
so can the government relax the mtfp targets in the budget to revive growth?
there are three issues here.
one, while it appears to be confident of achieving the fiscal deficit target, it is not clear whetherit will achieve the revenue deficit target of 2.
8 per cent and effective revenue deficit target of 2 per cent.
in fact, it is not clear whether the concept of effective revenue deficit still exists.
if not, the pressure to sharply reduce the revenue deficit to zero by fy18 could be huge.
second, fiscal consolidation would be expansionary only when there is expenditure switching from consumption to investment activities.
what is happening currently is a reverse mechanism that is leading to lower growth.
data (between fy13 and fy16) shows that consumption expenditure (both private and government, as a ratio of gdp) is increasing while investment rate (both public and private) is decelerating.
hence, to revive growth, there is a need to shift the demand from consumption to investment.
any relaxation in revenue deficit should also show up in fiscal deficit, thus ensuring no compression in capital expenditure targets.
third, it is very important to review midway the downside risks in achieving the fiscal deficit targets.
for example, inthe current year, apart from nominal gdp growth assumption, all other assumptions, such as oil prices, inflation, exchange rate, etc, have been off the mark.
as such, the frbm targets need a relook.
to sum up, there is no doubt finance minister arunjaitley faces a dilemma with regard to the fiscal roadmap.
however, in the context of the presumed output gap, and with deviation in revenue deficit target, sticking to the fiscal deficit target is riskier than relaxing it a little in order to prop-up growth.
further, the crowding-out impact of a slightly higher fiscal deficit (especially due to higher capital expenditures) on private investments, in the context of stressed banks, is expected to be weaker than anticipated.
new delhi: an official showing the copy of union budget 2017-18 at parliament after its presentation in the lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo new delhi: an official showing the copy of union budget 2017-18 at parliament after its presentation in the lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photowhile giving an income tax rebate of up to rs 12,500 to all individuals, finance minister arunjaitley in his budget on wednesday increased the tax burden on the rich by introducing a couple of surcharges.
even as he halved the tax rate for income falling in the lowest tax bracket of rs 2.
5 lakh  rs 5 lakh to five per cent, he created a new category for the rich by proposing to levy a surcharge of 10 per cent on individuals with net taxable income between rs 50 lakh and rs 1 crore.
watch video |budget 2017 interview: keki mistry, vice chairman & ceo, hdfc on affordable housing & morein a similar move, while the the government refrained from cutting the tax rate for large corporates, it announced a 5 percentage point reduction in tax rate for companies with annual turnover of up to rs 50 crore, which would benefit medium and small enterprises.
as a result of the additional surcharge of 10 per cent on the rich category, an individual having a net taxable income of rs 51 lakh per annum, will have to pay an additional tax of rs 1.
25 lakh.
similarly, an individual with a net taxable income of rs 99 lakh will have to bear an additional tax burden of rs 2.
73 lakh.
read: union budget 2017: highlights of arunjaitley budgetthe move is likely to have an impact on an estimated 1.
45 lakh individuals who fall in the income bracket of rs 50 lakh and rs 1 crore.
the finance minister said that the surcharge is likely to give an additional revenue of rs 2,700 crore to the government.
it is for the first time the government has introduced a surcharge of 10 per cent on income tax for individuals, huf, association of person and body of individual whose income falls between rs 50 lakh and rs 1 crore.
read | union budget 2017: tdp and amaravati area farmers ecstatic over capital gains tax exemptionsin his budget speech, the finance minister said that as per the tax returns filed in 2015-16, the number of people showing income more than rs 50 lakh in the entire country was only 1.
72 lakh.
the tax filing data for the year 2013-14 shows that the number of people who declared income above rs 1 crore stood at just 24,942.
until now, a surcharge of 15 per cent was levied on the super rich, who were defined as individuals having net taxable income of more than rs 1 crore.
a surcharge of 10 per cent was introduced for the first time in 2013-14 by the then finance minister p chidamraman for individuals having a taxable income of rs 1 crore.
later, arunjaitley had, in his budget speech 2015-16, announced an increase in the surcharge to 12 per cent and then again raising it to 15 per cent in his budget speech 2016-17.
read | what gets cheaper, what gets expensivein another move that will hurt large investors the government proposed to levy 10 per cent tax on dividend income exceeding rs 10 lakh to all resident persons, except domestic companies or trust or institutions.
read | how it will impact you-lower tax rates, better travelat present, this tax is applicable only to individuals, hindu undivided family (huf) and firms.
experts say that now association of persons and body of individuals will also get covered by this and will have to pay tax.
chief minister mamata banerjee (express photo by subham dutta/file) chief minister mamata banerjee (express photo by subham dutta/file)chief minister mamata banerjee on tuesday said that the congress was wrong in submitting an impeachment notice against chief justice of india dipak misra.
mamata told news18 bangla channel that the congress had sought the trinamool congresss support in their initiative but the party refused since there was no merit in it.
the congress was wrong to give an impeachment notice against the cji.
the congress wanted us to support it.
but we did not, because we knew there was no merit in it.
there was no majority (supporting the move) and i had apprehended that it would not receive much support.
i told sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi not to go for impeachment, she said.
vice president and rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu on monday rejected the notice by seven opposition parties to impeach the cji on grounds of misbehaviour.
naidus decision, which came within two days of the notice being submitted to him, was slammed as hasty, illegal and ill-informed by the congress.
on tuesday, mamata said her party did not want to interfere in the judiciary.
some court verdicts can come in our favour and some may not.
that does not mean i will target the judge.
i dont believe in interfering in the judiciary.
we respect the judiciary and we believe in it, she said.
read | decision to reject notice was not hasty, adhered to constitution provisions, says venkaiah naiduduring the live show on the channel, mamata also slammed a bengali media house for allegedly spreading lies and misleading news about the state government and influencing the state panchayat polls.
she alleged that the media house was funded by the bjp and was working to malign the state government and the tmc.
read | cji impeachment motion rejected: seeking judicial review a blunder, says arunjaitley chief minister asked the people of the state not to read the newspaper or watch the news channel of that particular media group.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
(express photo/praveen jain/file) finance minister arun jaitley.
(express photo/praveen jain/file)the final full budget of the bjp-led nda government was passed in lok sabha wednesday amid loud protests by the opposition as the government deployed a procedure called guillotine to ensure that all outstanding demands for grants were put to vote at once without discussions.
with mps from tdp, sp, ysr congress, trs and other parties shouting slogans in the well on various issues, ranging from the pnb fraud to the andhra pradesh special package, the finance bill and the appropriation bill with a spending plan of rs 89.
25 lakh crore were introduced, voted on and passed through voice vote  all within 30 minutes.
finance minister arunjaitley moved 21 amendments to the finance bill, which contains taxation proposals for 2018-19.
the appropriation bill details plans on how government ministries and departments would spend their money this fiscal.
in effect, this years budget exercise is complete.
with the rajya sabha paralysed this session due to opposition protests, the finance bill, classified as a money bill, will be considered passed if the upper house does not return it in 14 days.
the government decided to bring the budget for approval early even though the session is scheduled till april 6.
on wednesday, mps from congress and tmc staged a walkout halfway through the proceedings following vociferous protests over how the budget was being passed.
the sps dharmendra yadav, who was in the well, was heard shouting to speaker sumitra mahajan: dont stifle the voice of democracy like this.
this was the first time in years that the lok sabha did not discuss and vote on even one demand for grants.
in the recent past, budgets were passed without discussion in 2013-14 and 2003-04 when all demands were guillotined.
the appropriation bill was passed after negating several cut motions moved by opposition parties.
the congress called the passage of the finance bill as a black day for democracy.
the government passed the most important bill by throttling democracy amid chaos, without any discussion, or debate or exchange of ideas, congress whip in the lok sabha, jyotiraditya scindia, told reporters after the walkout.
the tmc, buoyed by the bjps loss in the lok sabha bypolls in gorakhpur and phulpur, said the obstinate government would sit in the opposition soon.
throughout this session, this government has been obstinate.
they are just not interested in running parliament or upholding institutions.
little wonder they will be sitting in the opposition benches soon enough, said derek obrien, tmc parliamentary party leader.
estranged bjp ally tdp was unhappy, too.
the finance bill was passed in a one-sided manner.
despite proposing amendments, it is unfortunate that the speaker did not allow voting, said party mp jayadev galla.
earlier, congress, tmc, dmk, rjd, sp, ncp and the left parties were among those that submitted a memorandum to the speaker, objecting to what they said was the governments arrogance and unilateral move to bulldoze all financial business without discussing them in the house.
the amendments approved by the lok sabha included the one providing for grandfathering of capital gains accrued on unlisted entities till january 31.
it also provided for a methodology for valuation of capital gains.
in this budget, arunjaitley revived a tax on long-term capital gains on listed equities  10 per cent on gains over rs 1 lakh.
however, all gains up to january 31, 2018 will be grandfathered, the finance minister had said in the budget speech.
the lok sabha also passed, through voice vote, the fourth batch of supplementary demands for grants for 2017-18.
the batch involved cash outgo of rs 85,315 crore, mainly on compensating states for loss of revenue from the implementation of goods and services tax (gst).
finance minister arun jaitley.
(file| express photo| tashi tobgyal) finance minister arun jaitley.
(file| express photo| tashi tobgyal)as unrest continues in kashmir, the central government on sunday outlined its priorities, asserting that there will be no compromise with those indulging in violence even efforts will be made for development of the state which was denied for the last 60 years.
addressing a rally on the outskirts of jammu city, he also slammed pakistan for the current unrest, saying it was attacking the integrity of india in a new way after failing to snatch the state by waging wars and fuelling trouble ever since partition in 1947.
outlining these priorities, he said, there will be no compromise on the security and integrity of the country and no compromise with the people who indulge in violence.
secondly, as jammu and kashmir has faced violence and wars, it needs development which was denied for past 60 years by national conference and congress governments.
thirdly, jammu, being the support base of bjp, needs added attention.
his outlining of the priorities assumes signficance as the opposition has been accusing the modi government of having no policy with regard to dealing with the unrest.
the opposition parties have been pressing for a political solution and dialogue to address the unrest.
watch video: whats making newsdescribing it as a major challenge, he said, today in such a challenge, the need of the country is that we dont compromise with the integrity and security of the nation.
he asked people of jammu and kashmir to stand with the country in the struggle against the separatists so that this new phase of pakistani strategy of war is defeated this time as well.
he described stone-pelters as aggressors.
they (stone pelters) are not satyagrahis but aggressors.
if a police post manned by 10 police personal is attacked by 2000 stone pelters, it is an attack, but some people do not realise it, he said.
new delhi: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal taking salute during republic day celebrations at chatrasal stadium in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo (pti1_25_2017_000191b) new delhi: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal taking salute during republic day celebrations at chatrasal stadium in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo (pti1_25_2017_000191b)a city court on monday dismissed the plea of delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders seeking to be heard on point of framing of notice in a criminal defamation complaint filed by finance minister arunjaitley against them in regard to the ddca controversy.
watch what else is making newschief metropolitan magistrate sumit dass directed all the accused, including ashutosh, kumar vishwas, sanjay singh, raghav chaddha and deepak bajpai, to appear before the court on march 25 when it is likely to pronounce the order on framing of notice against them.
i am of the considered opinion that no ground is made out for hearing accused persons at stage of framing of notice  the application is bereft of any merit, mala fide and filed solely with a view to stall the trial.
accordingly, the application moved by the accused persons stands dismissed, the court said.
the accused had on october 24 last year moved the court seeking a chance to be heard before it decided on whether they would be put on trial in the criminal defamation complaint.
jaitleys counsel had urged the court to frame the notice/charge against the accused persons, claiming there was no such provision in law.
jaitley had filed the criminal defamation complaint alleging that the accused had defamed him in a controversy regarding delhi and district cricket association (ddca) when he headed it for over a decade.
a civil defamation suit has also been filed by arunjaitley before the delhi high court in the matter seeking rs 10 crore as damages.
finance minister arunjaitley at parliament before presenting the union budget (express photo) finance minister arunjaitley at parliament before presenting the union budget (express photo)february 2018 taught me  and i hope many others  a lesson in politics: that 25 years are long enough to erase memories of the past, especially the economic past.
twenty-seven years ago, india was a closed economy.
imports were bad, import substitution was good.
tariffs were good, higher tariffs meant safer economy.
foreign exchange was a precious commodity, so hoard what little we had.
taxes were necessary, higher taxes underlined dire necessity.
high-interest rates benefit depositors and bankers, borrowers and investors be damned.
it did not matter that india was a poor country and the indian people  the overwhelming majority  were poor.
at least they were safe, or so we believed.
and then happened two unlikely events.
a cruel accident of history placed p v narasimha rao in the office of prime minister of india.
and he appointed an unassuming scholar, dr manmohan singh, as finance minister.
both had been long-serving, loyal members of the establishment and were expected to defend the establishment.
de-constructing the hard workon july 3, 1991, india woke up to the fact that a demolition squad had assumed power in new delhi.
brick by brick, the old structure was brought down; brick by brick, a new edifice was erected.
after 27 years, it is still work-in-progress.
unfortunately, another demolition squad seems to have insidiously burrowed its way to the seat of power in new delhi.
this squad seems to have begun the work of de-constructing the edifice that was painstakingly built over the last 27 years and re-erecting the dirigiste economy that was the cause of indias long history of low growth.
how else can one explain the recent decisions, including the ones that were part of the budget speech?
since 1991, indias manufacturing sector has grown at about the same average rate as the gdp/gva.
however, exports have increased.
exports in 1990-91 amounted to 6.
93 per cent of gdp.
by 2016-17, the proportion had increased to 19.
31 per cent.
it is wrong to assume that the manufacturing sector will grow, or that exports will increase, only behind protectionist walls.
on the contrary, protectionism will starve the country of capital and technology and will make the manufacturing sectors exports uncompetitive.
there are enough safeguards against unfair trade practices.
the world trade organization agreements allow a country to impose tariffs subject to ceilings.
surge in imports can be countered by imposing safeguard duties for a temporary period.
dumping can be penalised by imposing anti-dumping duties.
besides, there are permissible non-tariff measures to prevent cheap, poor quality goods invading the indian market.
major manufacturing and trading countries have prospered under an open, competitive and rule-based world trade system.
india too has benefited.
reversing the directionis there a re-think under pressure from the so-called swadeshi lobbies?
just before the budget, and in the budget, the government announced a number of measures that seem to suggest that the protectionist (and taxation) lobbies have gained strength.
here are some of them:1.
in december 2017, customs duties were increased significantly on a number of electric and electronic items such as mobile telephones (0-15 per cent), microwave ovens, cameras, monitors etc.
apparently, this was not a short-term measure.
2.
huge increases in tariff were announced in the budget on a large number of goods, including fruit juices, perfumes and toiletry products, automobile parts, footwear, imitation jewellery, mobile telephones (to 20 per cent), smart watches, toys and games, silk fabrics, vegetable oils, and a number of miscellaneous items like kites, candles, sunglasses etc.
3.
capital is being taxed in multiple ways.
the rbi has identified five taxes on capital, including the latest long term capital gains (ltcg) tax, that will inhibit investment.
4.
national stock exchange and bombay stock exchange have terminated their licence agreements with the singapore stock exchange on sharing live data, ostensibly to prevent the index futures market from shifting to singapore to benefit from less taxes and lighter regulation.
5.
the fiscal deficit will be allowed to rise this year and next year above the targets announced earlier, unmindful of the impact on inflation which, according to the rbi, may increase to 5.
6 per cent during april- september 2018.
6.
every rise in crude oil prices will be reflected in the retail prices of petrol, diesel and lpg, with no thought given to the alternative of cutting excise duties on these petroleum products or bringing them under the gst.
confession of failuretaking protectionist measures is a confession that the make in india campaign has flopped, that the much-trumpeted rise in the index of ease of doing business is an illusion, and the claim of improved infrastructure is an empty boast.
voices of dissent are now being heard from within the establishment.
dr arvind panagariya, former vice-chairman, niti aayog, has been scathing on the increase in customs duties.
dr rathin roy, member, pmeac, has criticised the breach of fiscal deficit targets.
dr surjit bhalla, another member, pmeac, has lambasted the ltcg.
dr rajiv kumar, vice-chairman, niti aayog, has lamely expressed the hope that the measures will be temporary.
the monetary policy committee of the rbi has listed six uncertainties that will be inflationary.
three of them are directly related to the budget announcements.
i am reminded of what george santayana said: those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
b'arun jaitely was addressing a book release event at the rashtrapati bhavan on the third anniversary of the modi government.
(source: file image) arunjaitley was addressing a book release event at the rashtrapati bhavan on the third anniversary of the modi government.
he said an effective government must have a high value of credibility.
it paid dividend, he said.
in order to govern effectively, governance must have a high value of credibility itself.
and, therefore, the normal temptations which politics and politicians have that more and more power must be vested in us, you really have to divest yourself of that power.
eliminate all discretions, which even with the best of intentions in the past, has brought discredit to governments and let an objective criteria, a market mechanism decide, take various decisions, the finance minister said.
he said one of the first important decisions of the prime minister was that at least in matters where commercial benefits were involved, politicians should maintain an arms length distance and divest themselves of all discretions and let the market decide.
he highlighted how the prime minister used radio as an effective tool to communicate directly with public, over half-a-dozen people who thought they had sole monopoly in conveying and communicating things.
media has become, and rightly so, extremely powerful.
we saw the declines of the radio taking place.
it was almost becoming a defunct medium.
he said merely giving interview to half-a-dozen television anchors or addressing a ritual of a press conference in delhis vigyan bhavan was not the art of communication.
they are merely carrier of a message.
do you have the ability to go above their heads and talk to the people directly?
jaitley asked.
he said modi used radio as a medium to talk to the people directly.
jaitley said there was no better political communicator than mahatma gandhi who had defied the british administration through his dandi march.
the world and the western media were mocking at him (gandhi) when he announced the dandi satyagraha.
and he made it so simple that you just march and pick up a little salt and that is all it requires to defy the british authority and it sent an electrifying current across the country.
so what was initially considered by many commentators and the media to be a maverick act proved to be a turning point in a history and i think we need to learn from that, the finance minister said.
the results of the five state assemblies in assam, west bengal, tamil nadu, kerala and puducherry, which went to poll in the last two months are on expected lines, he said.
while bjp alliance won in assam, the congress lost power in assam and kerala.
post 2014 general elections, the congress has increasingly adopted fringe positions.
it didnt behave as a natural party of governance.
its obstructionism was blended with its leaders rent a cause approach.
the congress is, today, threatened with being pushed increasingly to the margins.
will it be the main challenger to the bjp-led nda in 2019 or will it stand behind a hotchpotch combination ofideologically disparate regional groups?
what is the nature of surgery the party leaders are now talking about?
will the congress evolve into a structured party with a galaxy of leaders or will it remain a dynastic party?
he said.
heres the full text of his facebook post:the results of the five state assemblies which went to poll in the last two months are on expected lines.
the most important political analysis emerging from the results is a significant setback to the congress party.
it lost both the states of kerala and assam.
in kerala, it lost because its government was mired in corruption scams.
in assam, its traditional policy of encouraging illegal immigration as a source of vote bank invited a popular wrath.
the strategic alliance between the bjp, agp and the bpf highlighted this historical blunder of the congress.
in tamil nadu, it was a laggard in the dmk-congress alliance.
its poor strike rate pulled the dmk alliance down.
in west bengal, the alliance with the left was an ideological compromise.
it proved counter-productive.
post 2014 general elections, the congress has increasingly adopted fringe positions.
it didnt behave as a natural party of governance.
its obstructionism was blended with its leaders rent a cause approach.
the congress is, today, threatened with being pushed increasingly to the margins.
will it be the main challenger to the bjp led nda in 2019, or will it stand behind a hotchpotch combination of ideologically disparate regional groups?
what is the nature of surgery the party leaders are now talking about?
will the congress evolve into a structured party with a galaxy of leaders or will it remain a dynastic party?
for the bjp, this election marks a significant geographical expansion.
there were not many takers in 2008 for the idea that bjp can form its own government in karnataka.
karnataka was then seen as a gateway to the south.
we are now on a come-back trail in karnataka.
we have since, a coalition government in andhra pradesh and are increasingly pushing the politics of kerala to a tri-polar position.
we are unquestionably the largest party in bihar.
in our eastward movement, we will now form a government with a comfortable majority in assam.
we are already a part of the two coalition governments in the north east and have made a sizeable seat and vote presence in west bengal.
we seek to work in cooperation with the governments of the regional parties.
the left has ideologically become irrelevant globally.
the political and economic models that they espoused have been widely rejected.
in india, it is their battle for an ideological survival.
their victory in kerala is the result of an unpopular government losing an election and an opponent winning by default.
their marginalization in west bengal, a state they ruled for 34 years, is significant.
extreme positions espoused by a few in the universities of jadhavpur and jnu cannot be a mainstream agenda of india.
for us in the central government it will be an opportunity to work closely with all the five elected state governments for the larger welfare of the people.
mukesh ambani-promoted reliance industries ltd is learnt to have evinced interest in a stake in the beleaguered jet airways and, simultaneously, exploring the possibility of bailing out the debt-ridden national carrier air india, two sources close to the development told the indian express.
advertisingboth jet and air india reported losses in the last financial year and their combined market share is less than 25 per cent as on date.
after flying high for almost 25 years, jet had to temporarily suspend operations on wednesday when lenders, led by state bank of india, refused rs 983 crore in emergency interim funding.
reliance is not among the parties that submitted an expression of interest (eoi) to the lenders for acquiring jet airways.
one source, who did not wish to be identified, said it may join uae-headquartered etihad airways in its bid at a later date.
etihad, which currently owns 24 per cent of jet airways, has already submitted an expression of interest to the lenders.
given the current fdi norms, etihad can increase its holding in jet airways under the automatic route to 49  from 24  now.
beyond this, it would require government approval.
the fdi norms in civil aviation allow nris to acquire 100  in airlines under the automatic route.
advertisingread | on jet airways last flight, pilot announced: we hope to fly again soonwhen contacted, a reliance industries ltd spokesperson said: as a policy, we do not comment on media speculation and rumours.
our company evaluates various opportunities on an ongoing basis.
we have made and will continue to make necessary disclosures in compliance with our obligations under securities and exchange board of india (listing obligations and disclosure requirements) regulations 2015 and our agreements with the stock exchanges.
a source said that discussions relating to funding and the haircut lenders have to take are currently underway.
this is precisely the reason for the delay in resolution and the consequent grounding of jet airways, the source said.
another source, who also did not wish to be named, said reliances interest in air india is part of the companys overall plan.
it is a boardroom strategy and could be considered at a later stage.
discussions are slowly picking pace since the interested parties are of the view they still have time.
read | from home loans to school fees, jet airways employees worry for their jobsthe government had, in march 2018, issued a preliminary information memorandum kicking off the disinvestment process in air india.
since it did not receive any bids, a ministerial panel chaired by finance minister arunjaitley deferred the strategic plan to sell 76 per cent government holding.
it later decided to sell air indias subsidiaries and assets to reduce the national carriers debt burden of rs 48,781 crore as on march 31, 2017.
jet airways owed rs 8,414 crore to lenders as on march 31, 2018.
so far, sbi caps which is overseeing the sale process on behalf of lenders has received five-six expression of interest (eoi) from various parties including private equity firms and foreign airlines.
the last date for submitting binding bids by parties is april 30.
lenders expect to conclude the deal by may 10.
jet airways had a domestic market share of 11.
4  in february, and air india 12.
8 .
over the last year, jet lost substantial business due to curtailed operations.
last february, jet had a consolidated market share of 16.
8 per cent while that of air india was 13.
2 per cent.
the biggest airline carrier in the country, indigo, currently has a market share of 43.
4 per cent.
b'a view of rajya sabha a view of rajya sabhatwo days after finance minister arunjaitley beseeched fellow legislators not to cede their rightful domain of lawmaking to the judiciary, leaders of three important regional political forces, the sp, bsp and akali dal, on friday joined in to criticise judicial overreach and encroachment on legislative functions.
jaitley expressed his concern again after ramgopal yadav of the samajwadi party, mayawati of bahujan samaj party and sukhdev singh dhindsa of akali dal spoke in the rajya sabha against judicial interventions in parliamentary decisions and called for judicial reforms.
this house (rajya sabha) and lok sabha have primacy in law-making and budget-making.
if the right to law-making and budget-making goes out of here, it will weaken parliamentary democracy as well as democracy itself, he said.
the subject was broached by in the morning by ramgopal yadav.
i am concerned at the unnecessary interference of the judiciary into our domain we have to think about this, because the constitution has entrusted the parliament with the duty of law-making, legislation, budget-making, he said in rajya sabha.
mayawati said the judiciary was exploiting the differences within the political class.
i feel we have to look within ourselves to realise why we are allowing the judiciary to take advantage of our differences.
if we, the ruling party and the opposition, do not work entirely in the interests of democracy and the constitution, and keep fighting over our politics, the judiciary will keep taking advantage.
my suggestion, therefore, is that on certain matters, we need to keep politics aside and put up a united front, she said.
dhindsa suggested a special parliament session to discuss judicial reforms.
let us convene one special session to discuss only judicial reforms there is need for reforms in the judiciary and i request the government and all parties to work towards them, dhindsa said.
with just six days left for voting in the last phase of the lok sabha elections, bsp chief mayawati launched a bitter personal attack on prime minister narendra modi, alleging in a statement monday that married women in the bjp are scared of their husbands meeting him because of the fear that modi might make them leave their wives like he did with his wife.
advertisingthe bjp hit back with defence minister nirmala sitharaman demanding an apology from the bsp chief and finance minister arunjaitley posting on twitter that mayawati was unfit for public life.
lok sabha elections 2019: polling schedule, results date, constituency-wise results, faqs, key candidatesmayawatis attack on the prime minister came a day after modi questioned her response to the alleged gangrape of a dalit woman in rajasthans alwar, and asked why her party had not withdrawn support to the congress state government.
advertisingon monday, reading from a statement, mayawati said: aur waise bhi yeh doosron ki bahen-betiyon ki izzat karna kya jaane, jab yeh apne rajnitik swarth mein apni khud ki bekasoor patni tak ko bhi chod chuke hain.
itna hi nahin, balki mujhe toh yeh bhi maloom hua hai ki bjp mein khaaskar vivahit auratein apne aadmiyon ko shri modi ke nazdeek jaate dekh kar yeh sochkar bhi kaafi zyada ghabrati rehti hai ki kahin yeh modi apni aurat ki tarah hamein bhi apne patiyon se alag na karwa de.
(what does he know about respecting the sisters and daughters of others given that he abandoned his own own innocent wife for his political interests.
not only this, i have come to know that especially the married women in bjp get very worried when they see their husbands near shri modi, at the thought that modi might make them leave their wives like he did with his wife.
)the bsp chief also said that her party was concerned over the alwar incident and that it can decide to withdraw support to the state government if prompt action is not taken.
reacting to her remarks, arunjaitley posted on twitter: behan mayawati  she is firm on becoming a prime minister.
her governance, ethics and discourse stoops to an all-time low.
her personal attack today on the prime minister exposes her as unfit for public life.
addressing a press conference at the bjp headquarters, sitharaman said: absolutely disappointing and shocking for her to speak so ill about the prime minister, about the pms personal life, and about the women in the bjp.
behan mayawati, please be assured we are all absolutely safe, secure and have very good professional relationships in our party.
you do not have to be worried about us.
sitharaman also asked mayawati to respond to the prime ministers question on her partys support for the rajasthan government.
she should have answered why she did not speak for the girl in rajasthan who was raped, whose case did not get filed or an fir did not get registered till the time the elections were over on the suggestion of the ruling congress party there, she said.
when the pm asked this question and demanded to withdraw her support to the congress government in rajasthan, having been in politics for long time, having held the position of chief minister of uttar pradesh and being asked by the pm, she should have given a professional political answer and not reveal her worry, her anxiety that the mahagathbandhan is getting nowhere, sitharaman said.
i think she has only demeaned the stature of her own leadership, forgotten the stature of the positions that she has held this comment shows that she has no respect left for any position or institution in this country.
she should really apologise for having commented so badly both on the private life of the prime minister and in general about all women in the bjp but at the same time, forgetting that dalit girl in rajasthan who is waiting for justice, she said.
the government has decided that all railway passengers buying online ticket shall be given free accidental insurance cover of up to rs 10 lakh.
the government has decided that all railway passengers buying online ticket shall be given free accidental insurance cover of up to rs 10 lakh.
signalling a decisive push towards less cash and more digital transactions, the centre on thursday announced a slew of incentives including a waiver of service tax on digital payments amounting to less than rs 2,000, discounts on petrol and diesel purchases, suburban railway tickets and insurance policies bought from state-owned insurance companies through electronic means.
this comes a month after the government announced its decision to cancel the legal tender of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
among the measures, the central government departments and central public sector undertakings will bear the cost of the transaction fees and merchant discount rates (mdr)  charges that are levied on customers on card transactions.
there is no end date for these incentives for now, the cost of which will be borne by respective government departments.
this switchover is visible in this last one month.
the government wants to increase the pace of this switchover, he said.
he, however, said it was difficult to quantify how much will be the shift in cash payments towards digital payments.
as of september 2016, the number of credit cards with individuals was 2.
68 crore and debit cards at 72.
8 crore, according to rbi data.
nearly 14 lakh railway passengers are buying tickets everyday out of which 58  tickets are bought online through digital means while a total of rs 1,800 crore worth of petrol and diesel is sold in the country in a day, of which 20 per cent was being paid through digital means.
the total service tax collection during 2015-16 was rs 2,09,774 crore, as per budget estimates for 2015-16.
well, i think when it becomes digital, if it becomes smaller donations, if it becomes lesser donations from a larger body of donors, it will be a great day for indian democracy.
watch video | find out what gets cheaper if you pay by digital modewhen i was repeatedly saying the cost of dealing in cash, are both to the economy and the political system, this was one of the factors i had in my mind.
after all, internationally, if you see larger democracies, you have literally lakhs and millions of people donating small amounts online to political parties, he added.
under the scheme announced on thursday, the centre said it will provide 2 lakh point of sales (pos) terminals to villages free of cost, while it capped the monthly rental for such devices at rs 100 per machine.
farmers holding nearly 4.
32 kisan credit cards will be provided rupay kisan cards to enable them to make digital transactions.
jaitley said the central petroleum companies will give 0.
75 per cent discount on sale price to consumers on purchase of petrol/diesel if payment is made through digital means.
in november, digital payment for petrol and diesel has increased to 40  and the cash transaction of rs 360 crore per day have got shifted to cashless transaction methods.
the incentive scheme has the potential of shifting at least 30  more customer to digital means which will further reduce the cash requirement of nearly rs 2 lakh crore per year at the petrol pumps, he said.
watch video | parliament: bjp & congress engage in war of words over demonetisationto expand digital payment infrastructure in rural areas, the centre will extend financial support to eligible banks for deployment of 2 pos devices each in 1 lakh villages with population of less than 10,000.
these pos machines will be deployed at primary cooperative societies, milk societies and agricultural input dealers, benefitting nearly 75 crore people in these villages, he said.
the suburban railway network will give discount up to 0.
5  to customers for monthly or seasonal tickets from january 1 on payments made through digital means.
nearly 80 lakh passengers use seasonal or monthly ticket on suburban railways, largely in cash, spending worth nearly rs 2,000 crore per year.
as more and more passengers will shift to digital means the cash requirement may get reduced by rs 1,000 crore per year in near future, the finance minister said.
the government has decided that all railway passengers buying online ticket shall be given free accidental insurance cover of up to rs 10 lakh.
nearly 14 lakh railway passengers are buying tickets everyday out of which 58  tickets are bought online through digital means.
it is expected that another 20  passengers may shift to digital payment methods of buying railway tickets.
hence nearly 11 lakh passengers per day will be covered under the accidental insurance scheme, he said.
railways will provide discount of 5 per cent for digital payments for catering services, accommodation and retiring rooms.
public sector insurance companies will provide incentive, by way of discount or credit, up to 10  of the premium in general insurance policies and 8  in new life policies of life insurance corporation sold through the customer portals, in case payment is made through digital means, the minister said.
the government has exempted service on transaction charges for digital payments up to rs 2000 per transaction.
jaitley said various government departments will share and bear the cost of these incentives.
for the payment of toll at national highways plazas using rfid card/fast tags, a discount of 10  will be available to users in the year 2016-17.
the centre announced these measures even as the deposits of old notes of rs 500 and rs 1000 in the banking system have swelled to rs 11.
85 lakh crore, amid expectations that most of the existing high-denomination currency will come back to the banking system.
merely depositing money in a bank account does not mean that it changes colour from black to white, said jaitley.
its tax liability still remains because what is unexplained would still remain taxable, and therefore, what is deposited in the banks will be closely scrutinised to determine the tax liability on black money.
revenue department officials will investigate this, he said.
the incentives* no service tax on transaction charges on digital payments up to rs 2,000/transaction* discount of 0.
75  of sale price on purchase of petrol/diesel* discount up to 0.
b'prime minister narendra modi with bjp chief amit shah (file photo) prime minister narendra modi with bjp chief amit shah (file photo)the tdp decision to pull out its ministers from the modi government not only plays a spoiler in bjp celebrations over its electoral gains in three north-eastern states but, for the long term, clouds the ruling ndas poll fortunes in andhra pradesh which sends 25 members to lok sabha  a number that matches seats from all of north-east in the lower house.
though the tdp chief has not announced parting of ways with the nda, his public reference to the sense of hurt in andhra pradesh following union finance minister arunjaitley terse remarks on tdp demands and the non-availability of prime minister narendra modi to take his calls indicate the widening distance between these two pre-poll partners of 2014.
read | tdp walks out of govt, chandrababu naidu puts nda on notice ahead of 2019bjp sources suggested that the tdp move to pull out its ministers from the centre amounts to breaking the alliance because bjp ministers in the naidu government too are likely to withdraw from the state government.
it becomes untenable for our ministers to continue in the chandrababu government in the state, a senior bjp leader said after the tdp announcement.
members demand special category status for andhra pradesh outside parliament on monday (express photo) members demand special category status for andhra pradesh outside parliament on monday (express photo)the late night political development holds considerable significance for the 2019 lok sabha elections.
in terms of lok sabha seats, bjp and tdp together have 17 lok sabha members from the state  the remaining eight are from the ysr congress party.
in the long term, bjp runs the risk of being further marginalised for having disregarded the sentiments of andhra pradesh the same way the congress got sidelined after pushing the bifurcation of andhra pradesh in 2014.
the congress does not have a single lok sabha seat from andhra pradesh.
express explained | heres what has put the tdps ties with the bjp under strainwhile a section of the bjp toyed with the option of aligning with tdp rival ysr congress party, that option seems to have been pre-empted by naidu.
sources pointed out that the ysrcp cannot be seen doing business with the bjp which the ruling tdp is now accusing of reneging on the promise to andhra pradesh.
any new arrangement will now be possible after 2019.
a senior bjp functionary, however, drew attention to the fact that there was still time left to salvage the situation.
it is almost a year before elections.
that is a long time.
let us see how the politics evolve in the state.
whether it is a setback or opportunity for the party will depend on the way things develop during the next one year, the functionary said.
another bjp central functionary said: this is an opportunity for the party to grow in the state where we were being relegated to a marginal player by the tdp.
in this context, bjp leaders claimed that the tdp chief was rattled by the ysrcps growing traction  the latter had already announced its would get its members to resign from parliament next month if the government did not grant special category status to andhra pradesh.
tdp leaders, however, suggested that they had to take this step to neutralise public sentiments which it felt was one of being let down by the modi government over the denial of special category status.
there has been a competitive race among the parties (tdp, ysrcp and congress) in the state to tap into the sentiment of hurt which has continued from the bifurcation of the state.
bjp will place the facts in the public domain to tell how the central government has extended all help to benefit the state, bjp spokesman g v l narasimha rao told the indian express.
b'finance minister arunjaitley tabling the union budget for 2017-18 in the parliament in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo/tv grab finance minister arunjaitley tabling the union budget for 2017-18 in the parliament in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo/tv grabbudget 2017 took place under the shadow of demonetisation.
what would the follow-up actions be, especially as the outcomes from demonetisation have been disappointing compared to its stated objectives?
the budget has proved to be a quiet affair.
we are left with relief that erratic actions have not been taken.
at the same time, there were few steps that would address the biggest concern about the economy  the slowdown in private investment.
before the budget speech, there were several scenarios which were being talked about.
would the budget propose other radical measures like a banking transaction tax or the removal of income tax proposed by artha kranti?
would the budget try to soothe demonetisations pain by sending transfers and tax breaks to the affected?
would the fiscal deficit be increased to alleviate its contractionary impact?
the demonetisation experiment was a negative shock to the economy.
some people were proposing that this should be offset by a fiscal expansion.
the finance minister (fm), however, stuck to a modest fiscal deficit.
this makes sense for many reasons.
first, a larger fiscal deficit could have hurt indias credit rating.
a fall in ratings could have lead to a flight of capital and a rupee crisis.
second, providing a fiscal stimulus would be tantamount to accepting that the negative demonetisation shock has consequences beyond the present quarter.
this may not be something the government is ready to admit.
in terms of providing a positive shock by expanding expenditure, the capacity of the state to spend funds effectively is limited.
the budget speech did well in not announcing big subsidy programmes.
there was a sharp increase in the expenditure of mnregs.
this may be consistent with the increased utilisation of mnregs owing to demonetisation that appears in the initial data.
it has to be kept in mind, however, that the prime ministers speech on december 31 announced many traditional subsidy programmes.
the overall emphasis on subsidies is larger than meets the eye.
at a conceptual level, perhaps demonetisation and the associated political strategy is more about being anti-rich than being pro-poor.
in the past, populism in india has involved inventing subsidy programmes that help the poor.
this government has tried to make poor people happy by pointing to the distress of the rich.
perhaps this would imply that the budget would also take actions which could be positioned as being anti-rich, such as raising tax rates or avoiding reforms.
there could have been a number of measures that fitted the bill, such as a wealth or inheritance tax.
it is not clear what the impact of these would have been.
the fm proposed a surcharge on income between rs 50 lakh and rs 1 crore.
when faced with economic difficulties, another way through which fiscal policy can be expansionary is to cut taxes.
one long-standing area for indian fiscal reform is bringing down the corporate tax rate.
in union budget 2015, the fm promised that the indian corporate tax rate will be brought down to 25 per cent.
one concern for not doing this for the corporate sector may have been the risk of being called pro-rich.
another may have been the uncertainty that removing exemptions could have introduced at this time.
the rate could not have been cut for large corporates that contribute to most of the corporate tax collections, without removing exemptions, or it would have led to a dip in revenues, something the government cannot afford at this point.
a compromise has been achieved by proposing a lower, 25 per cent tax rate for small companies whose income is under rs 50 crore per year.
at a political level, this can be seen as reaching out to small businesses.
one can also hope that they would help to improve compliance by smaller companies.
similar moves are visible in personal income tax, where tax rates were cut at low incomes and increased at higher incomes.
these moves are consistent with the populist, anti-rich stance.
respect for indian policymaking capacity was at a low after demonetisation.
expectations for the budget speech were low.
the pessimists expected an escalation of erratic measures crafted by non-experts.
the prevailing mood seemed to support doing things that were bold and that no reasonable country had tried before.
fortunately, the budget did not propose a universal basic income, a banking transaction tax, a cash transaction tax or any other untested idea.
in terms of institutional reform, the budget speech was necessarily silent on the big story: the goods and services tax.
a sound gst is one with a low single rate, comprehensive coverage and a single administration.
many compromises have already been made which ensure this will not come about.
the extent to which a sound gst is delivered will have a major impact on the coming years.
on financial sector reform, some old policy initiatives are gradually going towards execution.
the abolition of fipb was long overdue and is a welcome step.
the resolution corporation will deal with the failure of financial firms.
in summary, while the fm should be given brownie points for staying on the conventional path and not giving any big surprises, he also did not respond adequately to the serious slowdown in private sector investment india has seen in recent decades.
b'commenting on the exit of britain from the european union, siasat, in its editorial on june 26, writes: some powerful member countries of the eu were using it for their own political interests resulting in weakening of the autonomy of other member countries.
now, if britain has voted for safeguarding its autonomy, the entire world does not have to make a hue and cry over it.
the indian currency and economy will not suffer any serious damage.
steps will be taken to further strengthen the indian economy at a time when investors from all over the world are in search of a safe investment destination and this safe destination can also be india.
india is among the fastest growing economies of the world.
rehnuma-e-deccan, in its editorial on june 27, writes: it is a popular saying that the sun never sets on the british empire.
thus, psychologically, the people of britain consider themselves superior to those of other european countries.
and because of this superiority complex britain remained in the european union without full sincerity and openheartedness.
it kept its options always open.
a feeling was growing among british citizens that employment opportunities for them were being narrowed down with increasing number of migrants and traders from other countries.
jamaat-e-islamis bi-weekly, daawat, in its commentary on june 28, writes: there are fears that there may have to be a referendum now for the exit of scotland and ireland from britain and such demands are being made now.
and, now that britain has opened the door of exit from the eu, some other countries too may choose to leave the union.
uniform civil codethe group editor of rashtriya sahara, syed faisal ali, in his signed column on july 3, writes: the controversy about a uniform civil code has once again come up.
the courts have, on many occasions, been at variance with the shariat.
but now, after 68 years, for the first time a government has asked for a report from the law commission for implementation of a uniform civil code.
this may result in curbs on laws related to marriage and family matters, etc.
this is a matter of concern.
but the countrys muslims should not react to it in an agitated manner, because it is not a matter only of muslims.
most communities cannot accept a uniform civil code.
they cannot give up their religious customs and traditions.
this matter was raised as early as 1840, but even the british government could not gather the courage to disturb the inclusive culture of the country and prevent the citizens from following their religious tenets.
the issue of gender discrimination has to be taken seriously.
why is the trend of womens suicides rising?
out of the one lakh thirty thousand suicides in the country in 2014 that included 15.
5 per cent women, the share of muslim women in it was less than one per cent.
even then there is so much talk of suppression of muslim women.
no doubt in some matters muslim women are marginalised because muslims are concerned about their self-interest instead of following the teachings of the holy quran and the prophet.
a serious thinking has to be done by the muslims to change the situation.
hamara samaj, in its editorial on the same day, writes: the bjp has started raising issues like uniform civil code in view of the forthcoming assembly elections in uttar pradesh.
but one wonders if it would actually gain from this campaign or face shameful defeats like in delhi and bihar sometime ago if a uniform civil code is implemented, it will not only be violation of religious freedom but also violation of the countrys constitution.
the government should ponder over this issue.
swamys targetssiasat, in its editorial on june 29, writes: pm narendra modi took a strong view of the statements of bjp leader subramanian swamy against the rbi governor, raghuram rajan, and other senior government functionaries but the pm delayed the expression of his views on swamys statements.
his breaking of silence, however, put a stop to the possibility of the matter getting uglier.
making a mention of swamys retort to finance minister arunjaitley clarifications on the formers comments against high government functionaries causing the ruling party great embarrassment, munsif, in its commentary on june 26, writes: the bjp leadership itself enhanced his political status by sending swamy to the rajya sabha as a departure from tradition.
the nominated category for the membership of rajya sabha is meant for persons, who have made significant contribution in different walks of life and not for persons connected with any political outfit as is the case with swamy.
now it is to be seen to what extent swamy can be kept in check.
well-known dalit intellectual kancha ilaiah, in his comment in inquilab (july 3), writes: during the lok sabha election campaign, modi had claimed that he belongs to obc, to appease this section of the people.
this helped the party in the election.
but it also annoyed the brahmin community with modi.
the group in bjp to which swamy belongs thinks that modi should pay a price for this.
so, it should be obvious that the real target of swamy is not raghuram rajan or arvind subramanian.
b'bowing to the tremendous pressure kept up by a united opposition,prime minister manmohan singh today announced the governments decision to set up a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) to probe the 2g spectrum scam,saying the country could ill afford the disruption of the crucial budget session of parliament.
making the announcement in lok sabha as soon as it met for the first working day of the session,singh said a formal motion for the constitution of the joint parliamentary committee would be moved soon.
we could not succeed in spite of our sincere efforts to persuade the opposition not to insist on a jpc probe,singh said.
asserting that his government was committed to root out corruption,the prime minister said all effective steps were taken to convince the opposition in this regard.
we can ill afford a situation where parliament is not allowed to function during the crucial budget session.
it is in these special circumstances that our government agrees to the setting up of a jpc, he said.
singh requested speaker meira kumar to proceed with the process of formation of the jpc and said a formal motion would be moved soon.
welcoming the governments move,leader of the opposition sushma swaraj thanked the prime minister and leader of the house pranab mukherjee for the decision.
we should not see this as a victory or defeat.
this is a victory of democracy.
we should all work together putting aside any talk of victory or defeat, she said.
the opposition has been adamant on a jpc probe in the 2g scam,which according to the cag,has resulted in a presumptive loss to the tune of rs 1.
76 lakh crore.
a raja,who was forced to resign as telecom minister three months ago,is now in jail.
dubbing it as the biggest scam in independent india,the opposition had made it clear that it would not allow the budget session to function properly if the jpc was not announced today.
insisting that the government was committed to root out corruption,the prime minister listed the steps taken by the government on the 2g issue which included cbi investigation supervised by the supreme court and the independent inquiry conducted by former judge shivraj patil.
he also pointed out that the public accounts committee of parliament was also seized of the matter and the government was fully cooperating with it.
we are a functioning democracy and must strive to resolve our differences in a spirit of accommodation and collaboration,not confrontation, he said,hoping that it would renew our confidence in indias forward march.
the government has already made it clear that a formal motion for the creation of the jpc would be moved on thursday by telecom minister kapil sibal.
this would be the first jpc to be set up since the congress-led upa came to power in may 2004.
aiadmk leader m thambidurai demanded the representation for all political leaders on the jpc to ensure there was no feeling of neglect among members.
gurudas dasgupta (cpi) said he would not like to thank the prime minister for agreeing to the opposition demand for a jpc.
he said it was better late than never that good wisdom has dawned upon the government which led to the announcement of a jpc to probe the 2g spectrum scam.
this is not a question of thanking or complimenting the government or the prime minister.
the government and the prime minister had only done their duty by responding to the opposition demand and ensuring that parliamentary norms are adhered to, he said.
sp leader mulayam singh yadav said the delay in announcing the jpc had affected the credibility of the government.
the people of the country have come to know that the government had something to hide, he said.
nda convenor sharad yadav wanted that the jpc should also go into alleged irregularities in the conduct of the commonwealth games,the s-band issue relating to isro and the adarsh housing scam.
he said the judiciary and media were actively involved in probing the issue and the announcement by the prime minister would also allow parliament to be part of the exercise.
basudeb acharia (cpi-m),arjun charan sethi (bjd),k chandrasekhar rao (trs) and raghuvansh prasad (rjd) also welcomed the formation of a jpc.
in the rajya sabha,the prime minister made a similar statement on the jpc formation.
soon after he completed,leader of the opposition arunjaitley said he was disappointed over the contents of the statement.
the issue could be resolved in a more gracious manner, he said adding the content of the pms statement showed the government had done everything and the jpc was formed only because parliament was paralysed.
jaitely said the formation of the jpc could have been done in a graceful way rather than in a tasteless manner by projecting that the opposition had coerced the government to do so.
bjp members including s s ahluwalia,ravi shankar prasad and aiamdk member m maitreyan took objection to the content of the pms statement.
deputy chairman k rahman khan disallowed members saying it was agreed that no discussion would take place on the statement.
b'the latest notice against cairn energy for rs 29,000 crore this week, and the one against vodafone, for rs 14,200 crore, sent in february, essentially show how difficult it can be to bury the ghost of retrospective taxation.
the latest notice against cairn energy for rs 29,000 crore this week, and the one against vodafone, for rs 14,200 crore, sent in february, essentially show how difficult it can be to bury the ghost of retrospective taxation.
since it took office, the nda government has been trying to woo investors by, among other things, promising that there will not be any tax terrorism.
it has been consistent in its stand that it will not resort to fresh retrospective taxation, even though it is a sovereign right of the government.
yet legacy issues remain.
the latest notice against cairn energy for rs 29,000 crore this week, and the one against vodafone, for rs 14,200 crore, sent in february, essentially show how difficult it can be to bury the ghost of retrospective taxation.
since that is taking time, arunjaitley proposed a one-time scheme of dispute resolution for all past cases that are ongoing under the retrospective amendment, thus providing an opportunity to rid the investor climate of a dreaded spectre.
according to this proposal, companies can settle the case by paying only the tax arrears and get a waiver of both interest and penalty, subject to their agreeing to withdraw from all arbitration with the government.
in the case of cairn energy, for instance, rs 10,200 crore is the original tax liability, while the remaining liability of rs 18,800 crore is on account of interest and penalty.
but the budget proposal has still not taken formal shape.
and in the meantime, notices continue to be sent as a routine exercise.
where does this leave investors, especially global investors, many of whom see india as an attractive opportunity, given the slump across economies?
ideally, investors should be enthused by the certainty of the tax regime  an absolute essential for all businesses  promised by the nda government.
however, such notices do not reflect well on the governments bid to put to rest all doubts among investors.
it is now incumbent on it to bring all the existing cases to a quick closure.
b'sonia gandhi with rahul gandhi (file photo) sonia gandhi with rahul gandhi (file photo)congress has come out with a set of frequently asked questions to present its side of the story regarding the national herald issue as the party said that the gandhis have not benefited financially from young indian ltd.the party also dismissed as absolutely false the claim that young indian (yi) ltd, the company formed in the wake of financial troubles concerning associated journals ltd (ajl), was a real estate company.
congress also underlined that there is no restriction in law on political parties giving loans and the election commission had issued a clear order in this regard in november, 2012.
bjp leader subramanian swamy had sought derecognition of congress on this ground but his complaint was dismissed by a full bench order of the election commission at that time, aicc said.
national heral faqs: http://inc.
in/national-heraldon whether sonia or rahul gandhi benefited financially from young indian, it said, no.
as directors or shareholders of young indian, a non-profit, section 25 company, they are prohibited by law from drawing (and have not drawn) any financial benefits from the company.
it also denied that any assets were transferred from ajl to yi.
all the assets and the income of ajl remain with the company.
not a single paisa has gone to yi, yi directors or yi shareholders, it said in the faqs on its website under the heading, national herald.
it rejected as false the claim that yi was created to usurp the property owned by ajl.
on the contrary, young indian, being a non-profit section 25 company, as the major shareholder ajl, in fact, enhances the safeguards on the properties of the ajl, it said.
on the claim by finance minister arunjaitley that yi is a real estate company, it said the statement was absolutely false.
absolutely false.
yi does not own a single real estate asset or immoveable property.
ajl continues to own all its assets.
the allegation is, therefore, completely baseless, it said.
b'finance minister arunjaitley , a rajya sabha member from gujarat, will contest the upcoming march 23 elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
(file photo) finance minister arunjaitley , a rajya sabha member from gujarat, will contest the upcoming march 23 elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
(file photo)the bjps central election committee announced on wednesday that finance minister arunjaitley , a rajya sabha member from gujarat, will contest the upcoming march 23 elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh, while oil minister dharmendra pradhan will represent madhya pradesh.
currently, pradhan is a member from bihar.
of the 58 rajya sabha seats going to polls, uttar pradesh accounts for 10.
following its massive win in the last years assembly elections, the bjp will gain eight up seats, seven up from its previous tally.
samajwadi party, which currently has 18 members in the upper house, is set to lose five of its six seats up for polls  this means its tally will come down to 13.
the congress is set to lose its solitary seat from up.
bsp, which was down one seat following mayawatis resignation, is set to lose one more and will be left with four.
the bjp announced names of seven union ministers and one general secretary for the upcoming elections.
except arunjaitley and pradhan, the others will contest from the same states they have been elected from.
social justice minister thawarchand gehlot will contest from madhya pradesh, law minister ravi shankar prasad from bihar and j p nadda from himachal pradesh.
this will be naddas second term as mp and the move is being seen as a ploy to placate the minister after he lost out on the chief minister post to jai ram thakur.
the other two union ministers, parshottam rupala and manusukh mandaviya, will contest from gujarat.
bhupender yadav, the partys general secretary, will again contest from rajasthan.
the terms of all seven leaders ends on april 2 and all are set to be elected again.
b'ram jethmalani and arunjaitley ram jethmalani and arunjaitley court of the joint registrar (judicial) in the delhi high court witnessed tense scenes as the cross-questioning of union finance minister arunjaitley by senior advocate ram jethmalani continued on wednesday.
this was the fourth time arunjaitley was examined in the civil defamation suit, filed by him against chief minister arvind kejriwal and five aap leaders seeking rs 10 crore in damages.
at one stage, the court noted that jethmalani had called arunjaitley a crook.
raising serious objections, arunjaitley and his counsels, senior advocates rajiv nayar and sandeep sethi, called for a definite statement on whether the word crook was used by jethmalani in his personal capacity or on instructions of his client, kejriwal.
) jethmalani said he used the word on instructions of his client.
but the instructing counsel for kejriwal denied this, following which jethmalani said he had received the instructions during his meetings with his client, in the absence of the counsel.
earlier, starting the cross-examination, jethmalani said that in the last proceedings on may 15, arunjaitley had made a statement saying that though he did not read the weekly newspaper, sunday guardian, he might be able to find if any article had been published against him.
i read some prominent newspapers and economic newspapers regularly.
what is published in hundreds of other newspapers about me is not necessarily brought to my notice, said jaitley.
now this article in the indian express had been written and sent to sunday guardian on a friday, intended to be published on sunday.
what do you have to say?
the court disallowed the question, saying it was already observed as irrelevant in the last proceedings.
jethmalani then suggested that before the article was to be published, arunjaitley had arranged with the staff not to publish it.
the court again disallowed the question on the same premise.
jethmalani again said that though the article was going to be published on april 26, 2015 on a specific page, it was not published.
disallowing the question, the court said the senior lawyer was seeking specific inquiries in a case, which was not an issue in the present matter.
jethmalani then asked when arunjaitley read the article (ad) for the first time.
disallowing the question again, the court noted that during the questioning, jethmalani had referred arunjaitley as being guilty of crimes and crookery, to which, arunjaitley and his counsel had raised objections.
the matter has now been listed for july 28 and july 31.
b'this facility was available only for the apparel manufacturing sector as per the industrial establishment (standing order) 1946.
(photo for representation) this facility was available only for the apparel manufacturing sector as per the industrial establishment (standing order) 1946.
(photo for representation)the government has extended the facility of hiring workers on fixed-term employment to all sectors for improving the ease of doing business for players intending to hire people for completing specified projects, tasks or orders.
this facility was available only for the apparel manufacturing sector as per the industrial establishment (standing order) 1946.
as per a notification issued by the labour ministry to amend the order, words fixed-term employment in apparel manufacturing sector will be replaced by fixed-term employment meaning that facility would be available for all sectors.
the fixed term employment was introduced in apparel manufacturing sector in industrial employment (standing order ) act in october 2016.
the concept of fixed-term employment defines the tenure of employment as well as other associated conditions of service and remunerations, which are provided to regular employees under various labour laws.
the worker employed for short period will get better working and service conditions as compared to a contract worker.
the amendment to the order provides that no notice of termination of employment shall be necessary in case of temporary and badli workmen.
it also provided that fixed-term worker would not be entitled to any notice or pay in lieu of that, if his services are terminated or in case of non-renewable of contract or expiry of term of employment.
the amendment further stipulates that a temporary workmen who has completed three months of continuous service, shall be given two weeks notice of the intention to terminate his employment if such termination is not in accordance with the terms of the contract.
in case he has not completed three months of continuous service, he shall be informed for the reasons for termination in writing.
it also provides that services of temporary shall not be terminated as punishment unless he has been given an opportunity of explaining the charges of misconduct alleged against him.
the fixed worker would be entitled to all benefits like wages, hours of work, allowances and others statutory benefits, not less than permanent workmen.
the fixed term employment was defined as a workman who is employed on a contract basis for a fixed period.
thus the services of workman will be automatically terminated as a result of non-renewal of the contract between the employer and the workman concerned.
a separation of service of a workman as a result of non-renewal of the contract of employment between the employer and workman concerned shall not be construed as termination of employment.
this facility will aid industry to employ worker in sector which are of seasonal nature and witness fluctuation of demand and hence requires flexibility in employing worker.
under the fixed-term employment, the working conditions in terms of working hours, wages, allowances and other statutory dues of a fixed term employee would be at par with permanent workmen.
a fixed-term worker will also be eligible for all statutory benefits available to a permanent workman proportionately according to the period of service rendered by him even though his period of employment does not extend to the qualifying period of employment required in the statute.
the employer can directly hire a worker for a fixed term without mediation of any contractor.
finance minister arunjaitley along with coal and power minister piyush goyal, jharkhand chief minister raghubar das and urban development minister m venkaiah naidu at the global investors summit 2017 momentum jharkhand in ranchi on thursday.
pti photo finance minister arunjaitley along with coal and power minister piyush goyal, jharkhand chief minister raghubar das and urban development minister m venkaiah naidu at the global investors summit 2017 momentum jharkhand in ranchi on thursday.
in the past, the political priorities were quite different.
jaitley added that corruption, coupled with political instability, too was one of the main reasons for jharkhand remaining a laggard state.
in fact, there was a time when a thought prevailed that people could win elections without economic development, through some sort of social engineering.
thus, development took backseat.
the very desire to have a separate state, to be able to manage ones own affairs, was a result of that, said jaitley.
he further added that jharkhand was among the rare states which had manufacturing in its core; having the capability to grow at 4 or 5 per cent ahead of the national average.
watch what else is making newsa bevy of central ministers and industry captains, including ratan tata and vedanta groups anil agarwal, as well as representatives from different countries attended the states maiden two-day global investors summit.
in the presence of ratan tata, jharkhand chief minister raghubar das reminded the audience that 105 years ago, on february 16, the first steel bar in india was manufactured in the plant established by jamsetji tata in jamshedpur.
he underlined how the state has created the right eco-system for investment in the last two years bringing in reforms in governance, laws and taxation, besides formulating new policies in at least 16 different sectors.
das also announced that the state would hold a three-day pravasi jharkhand divas on november 28, 29 and 30 in 2018 and another global investor summit in 2019-20.
recalling his first job at jamshedpur, ratan tata said that jharkhand has great potential and called upon corporates to seize the investment opportunity.
india will have to widen its industrial base and jharkhand is one such place.
with a government keen on development, we must embrace this opportunity, said tata.
born and raised in the state, vedantas anil agarwal said: ye mere liye ghar wapasi hai (this is like homecoming for me).
one of my companys top representatives was supposed to come here.
but cm called me up and the sincerity in his voice was such that there was no scope for refusing.
vedanta group would invest rs 1,000 crore this year, he said.
agarwal added that he wanted the msme sector to join it in various initiatives as this sector is usually the engine of growth.
other industry captains present were jindal groups navin jindal, km birla of aditya birla group, rajesh adani of adani group, shashi ruia of the essar group, among others.
while jindal claimed that he never had any problem in running the steel plant in ramgarh, birla promised investments worth over rs 1,000 crore, besides another rs 750 crore in cement manufacturing.
adani is already working on ultra-mega super-critical power plant in godda.
transport minister nitin gadkari said that the sahebganj multi-modal port, coming up as part of the inland waterway development, would open up gates for cost-effective business with the northeastern states.
union minister for urban development, housing & urban poverty alleviation, information & broadcasting venkaiah naidu urged jharkhand to go full throttle saying: you have a cm, who is mindful, and a pm, who is helpful.
what more do you require.
former indian cricket team captain mahendra singh dhoni, who is also the brand ambassador of momentum jharkhand appealed to the investors to join the states journey in taking a leap.
over 9,000 delegates from 26 countries, including four partner countries  japan, czech republic, tunisia and mongolia - attended the meet.
b'delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal (file) delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal (file)aam aadmi party (aap) national convenor arvind kejriwal on thursday issued an apology to former punjab revenue minister bikram singh majithia saying that he has now learned that the drug trade allegations were unfounded.
however, the move drew flak from the aam aadmi partys (aap) punjab unit leaders who termed it a meek surrender and a letdown for the party.
read | kejriwal apologises to majithia over drugs charge; meek surrender cry aaps punjab leadersaap leaders in new delhi, taking a stand in favour of the delhi chief minister, said the move was to shed court cases, in which the party convenor finds himself mired, and hinted that a similar course could be adopted in the defamation case filed by finance minister arun jaitley.
were appalled n stunned by the apology of @arvindkejriwal tendered today,we dont hesitate to admit that we havent been consulted on this meek surrender by a leader of his stature-khaira @zeenews @cnnnews18 @thetribunechd @htpunjab @ptc_network @jagbanionline @dailyajitnews  sukhpal singh khaira (@sukhpalkhaira) march 15, 2018arvind kejriwal apology to bikram majithia in the defamation case on drugs is a let down to the people, especially the youth of punjab.
we in punjab have not been taken into the loop.
our fight for punjab continues.
#punjabdrugs  kanwar sandhu (@sandhukanwar) march 15, 2018in his letter to majithia, kejriwal wrote, in the recent past, i made certain statements and allegations against you regarding your alleged involvement in drug trade.
these statements became a political issue.
now, ive learnt that allegations are unfounded.
hence, there should be no politics on such issues.
i hereby withdrew all my statements and allegations made against you and apologise for the same, read the statement.
the delhi cm has furnished a copy of the apology to the court.
majithia, himself confirmed this development on his official twitter handle.
cm arvind kejriwal has tendered an apology to me in the court, for all the baseless and false allegations he and his party levelled against me in drug issue.
my mother suffered the most due to all this and this apology is a vindication of her faith in wahegurus power of justice, wrote majithia.
cm @arvindkejriwal has tendered an apology to me in the court,for all the baseless&false allegations he & his party levelled against me in drug https://t.
co/fl679yekhw mother suffered the most due to all this&this apology is vindication of her faith in wahegurus power of justice pic.
twitter.com/yxs3f710eu  bikram majithia (@bsmajithia) march 15, 2018it is a historical moment for me personally and may be otherwise also where a sitting chief minister has apologised for the remarks he had made, ani quoted majithia as saying while addressing a press conference in chandigarh.
the delhi chief minister had accused the prakash singh badal government, especially majithia, of patronising drug mafia and criminals while campaigning for the punjab assembly elections.
following which, majithia had filed a defamation case against kejriwal and two other aap leaders, sanjay singh and ashish khetan, in may 2016.
kejriwal is also fighting a defamation battle against union finance minister arunjaitley in the ddca row.
jaitley had on august 5 last year accused kejriwal and other aap leaders  kumar viswas, sanjay singh, raghav chadha, ashutosh and deepak bajpai  of making a series of false, scandalous and defamatory allegations against him, claiming it adversely affected his reputation.
the aap leaders had alleged there were financial irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) when arunjaitley was its president from 2000 to 2013, prompting the minister to lodge defamation cases against them.
photo for representational purpose.
photo for representational purpose.
government is contemplating to make aadhaar or unique identification (uid) card mandatory to avail rail concession, and an announcement is likely to be made by finance minister arunjaitley while presenting the first combined general and railway budget on february 1.
the move will help the government in better targetting of benefits and check misuse of the facility, sources said.
watch what else is making newsthe railways provides concession on tickets to more than 50 categories of passengers which include senior citizens, students, research scholars, teacher, doctor, nurse, patients, sports people, unemployed youth, arjun awardees among others.
at present, railways is running a pilot project for senior citizens who are entitled for rail concessions.
the concessional tickets cost the railways about rs 1,600 crore in 2015-16, with the bulk being accounted for senior citizens.
as per the government data, over 100 crore aadhaar cards have been issued so for covering bulk of indias population.
the government has decided to end the 92-year-old practice of presenting a separate railway budget and merged it with the general budget.
jaitley, according to sources, will contribute few pages of his budget to programmes and schemes related to indian railways.
although there will be a single budget, the railways will continue to have autonomy as commercial undertaking and the existing financial arrangement will remain.
the railways is expected to get exemption from payment of dividend to the union government, a move which will help strengthening its finances.
the organisation will also get budget support to meet part of its capital expenditure and will be allowed to raise extra budgetary resources.
according to sources, railways would continue to bear the expenditure on social and public service obligations.
it is also expected that arunjaitley will present a separate statement of budget estimates and demand for grants for railways in the general budget.
there will also be a single appropriation bill, including the estimates of railways, to the parliament.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday inaugurated airtel payments bank of bharti enterprises, which is being rolled out across the country with an investment of rs 3,000 crore.
watch what else is in the newsbharti enterprises chairman sunil bharti mittal said this is the first payments bank which will be opened across 29 states in india by leveraging retail partners of airtel.
the focus of the payments bank will be to serve people in rural and semi-urban areas, he added.
with airtel payments bank, we are starting another important chapter in our journey, with the potential to truly transform lives and contribute to financial inclusion in the country, mittal said.
airtel is offering 7.
25 per cent interest per annum initially to attract customers, who can deposit up to rs 1 lakh in their accounts.
customers will be able to operate their accounts with the help of a mobile application, and withdraw and deposit money at authorised retail outlets.
the interest rate is a welcome offer and will come down in the future as subsidisation cannot continue for long, mittal said.
without naming paytm, which is set to launch its payments bank, he said, they will have to go through processes that we have gone through.
we have few months with us.
there will be competition which we can meet head on like we have done in telecom.
mittal added that bharti holds 80 per cent stake in the payments bank, while the rest is held by kotak mahindra bank.
we have invested around rs 1,000 crore.
we are looking at total investment of rs 3,000 crore over a period of time.
we will look at getting some more equity partners but there is no immediate plan as of now, mittal said.
he said that airtel and kotak mahindra bank will follow rbi guidelines on shareholding dilution, which requires shareholding by promoters in the bank to be brought down to 40 per cent within three years from the date of commencement of business of the bank.
kotak mahindra bank vice chairman uday kotak said the cost of opening a bank account is extremely high in conventional banking while it is low in non-traditional or differentiated banking system.
b'on 70th independence day pm narendra modi addressed the nation from the ramparts of red fort (express photo by renuka puri) on 70th independence day pm narendra modi addressed the nation from the ramparts of red fort (express photo by renuka puri)pm narendra modis reiteration in his independence day address about the centres commitment to providing a health cover of rs 1 lakh to the poor may give national health protection scheme (nhps) a much-needed push.
the health ministry has already prepared a cabinet note on the scheme and will circulate it soon, according to senior ministry officials.
healthcare services are getting costlier and today, from the ramparts of red fort, our government is announcing an important step for healthcare of families below the poverty line, modi said monday.
we have brought a scheme that in future the government of india will incur an expenditure of up to rs 1 lakh so that my poor brothers are not deprived of health services and their dreams are not shattered.
the health protection scheme, modelled after rashtriya swasthya bima yojana (rsby), has already obtained the expenditure finance committees approval.
run by the labour ministry since 2008, rsby was transferred to the health ministry with effect from april 2015 to serve as the blueprint for nhps in preparation for a scheme of universal health coverage for all citizens.
in order to help such families, the government will launch a new health protection scheme which will provide health cover up to rs 1 lakh per family.
for senior citizens (in) this category, an additional top-up package up to rs 30,000 will be provided.
the scheme, estimated to cost approximately rs 24,000 crore for a five-year period, is projected to initially benefit nearly 10 crore families.
the initial target is to make it available to families below the poverty line, as also to those in the list of deprivations as per socio-economic caste census data.
while the working name for now remains nhps, officials said once the final contours are worked out it may get a new name.
finance minister arunjaitley with his pakistani counterpart (1st r) ishaq dar at the adb annual meeting in yokohama on saturday.
the two leaders were seen for the first time on the same stage.
pti photo finance minister arunjaitley with his pakistani counterpart (1st r) ishaq dar at the adb annual meeting in yokohama on saturday.
the two leaders were seen for the first time on the same stage.
pti photofrosty indo-pak relations after the beheading of indian soldiers by pakistani troops were on full display here when finance minister arunjaitley was on dais with his pakistani counterpart, often sharing cold vibes and aggressively countering islamabad backing of chinas belt and road initiative.
this was the first instance of leaders of the two nations sharing dais in the midst of what is being dubbed as the worst crisis brewing in south asia since the mumbai terrorist attacks of 2008.
jaitley and pakistans finance minister mohammad ishaq dar were among the four speakers on a debate business news channel cnbc organised on asias economic outlook: talking trade on sides of asian development banks 50th annual meet.
the indian minister sat in a position that his head was turned away from the pakistani leader all through the one-hour debate and left immediately after a customary photo-op with panel members.
there were no warm hand shakes.
jaitley smiled just once  on a question on us taxi aggregator uber facing hard times, he smiled and said, i think they are having a great time in india.
while no question was put to the two ministers either on the recent tensions or the trade between the two nations, arunjaitley did not reply when journalists tried to speak to him.
i think connectivity in principle is a good idea but the particular proposal which has just been suggested by you, i think there are several other collateral issues and this is not really the forum for me to go into all this, he said.
stating that the idea is always there for the future as the expansion of connectivity takes place between countries, he said he has no hesitation in saying that we have serious reservations about it (obor) because of sovereignty issues.
i dont want to get into it at this stage but there are issues.
dar, on the other hand, stated that pakistan strongly supports the initiative.
it is one of the very important directions to be connected in the region and beyond i think obor is a very good initiative.
pakistan is a part of it and very much promotes the idea, he said.
pakistani troops killed two indian soldiers patrolling the border in jammu and kashmir, mutilating their bodies.
the incident occurred within weeks of a secret military court in pakistan sentencing kulbhushan jadhav, a former naval officer, to death on charges of espionage.
dar also said the intra regional trade should be focused and regional connectivity should be better.
he went on to mention of initiative like central asia regional economic cooperation (carec) and china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) to link pakistan, central asian states, india and iran.
so inter-dependence is the way forward, he said.
jaitley however said india is not part of regional comprehensive economic partnership (rcep) but there is no force in the world which can prevent trade.
there are going to be movements of natural persons from one part of the world to another because economies need experts, they need technology, he said.
why should i resign?
if i resign, will you get funds (from the centre)?
andhra cm chandrababu naidu questioned.
why should i resign?
if i resign, will you get funds (from the centre)?
andhra cm chandrababu naidu questioned.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu today rejected leader of opposition y s jaganmohan reddys demand of resignation for failing to secure special category status for the state.
if i resign, will he get money (from the centre), naidu questioned while addressing a meeting in the assembly lobby here this evening.
minutes earlier, jagan addressed a press conference in the assembly committee hall where he demanded that chandrababu quit his post for having welcomed the union finance minister arunjaitley assertion that andhra pradesh would not be granted any special status.
chandrababu should not only resign but also pull out from the nda government at the centre.
he should also tender apology to the people of andhra pradesh for having failed them, the ysr congress chief said.
responding to this, naidu said, why should i resign?
if i resign, will you get funds (from the centre)?
tdp joined the nda government at the centre essentially to protect the interests of the state, he said.
we did not join the nda government led by atal bihari vajpayee in 1999 though we were offered seven to eight minister posts.
we only accepted the lok sabha speakers post to maintain a link between the tdp and the bjp, naidu recalled.
the chief minister also found fault with the ysrc and other opposition parties for the andhra pradesh bandh call tomorrow saying, do you want an already suffering state to suffer further?
there is only a bad motive behind the bandh call.
b'file photo: finance minister arunjaitley receiving the report of seventh pay commission from its chairman justice a k mathur in new delhi.
file photo: finance minister arunjaitley receiving the report of seventh pay commission from its chairman justice a k mathur in new delhi.
around rs 70,000 crore has been provisioned in the union budget 2016-17 for the implementation of the seventh pay commission for government employees, a finance ministry official said.
while theres no explicit overall provision number, the government had said the seventh pay commission hike has been built in as interim allocation for different ministries.
we have provisioned for around 60-70 per cent of the total burden that was talked about, a finance ministry official said.
the budget document states that the implementation of the seventh pay commission due from january 1, 2016 is to be implemented during 2016-17 fiscal as also the revised one rank one pension (orop)scheme for defence services.
watch video: recommendations of the 7th pay commission report & its impactthe finance ministry has provisioned for this in the demands for grants for individual departments and ministries.
it is built into and subsumed into those allocations.
in january, the government had set up a high-powered panel headed by cabinet secretary p k sinha to process the recommendations of the seventh pay commission, which will have bearing on the remuneration of 47 lakh central government employees and 52 lakh pensioners.
the empowered committee of secretaries will function as a screening committee to process the recommendations with regard to all relevant factors of the commission in an expeditious detailed and holistic fashion.
faced with the burden of pay commission recommendations, there were concerns on whether the government would be able to stick to the fiscal deficit target of 3.
9 per cent for 2016-17.
however, in budget union finance minister arunjaitley removed all doubts and promised to adhere to the fiscal consolidation roadmap and stick to the 3.
9 per cent deficit target.
finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleyamid the ongoing tussle for power between the bharatiya janata party and the congress in goa, union finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday slammed the grand-old party, saying that it complains a bit too much.
he further pointed out that goa governor mridula sinha had only one claim of 21 mlas out of 40 elected mlas with manohar parrikar as their leader.
how could the congress ever be invited to form the government?
, he asked further.
it attempted to raise issues in the lok sabha.
what are the facts?
.
the assembly elections in goa produced an inconclusive verdict.
there was a hung assembly.
obviously in a hung assembly post-poll alliances will be formed.
the bjp managed to form an alliance and presented to the governor 21 out of 40 mlas.
they appeared before the governor in person and submitted a letter of support.
the congress did not even submit a claim to the governor.
it had only the support of 17 mlas.
the congress party protested at the governors decision to invite mr manohar parrikar to form the government with support of 21 out of 40 mlas and described it as a murder of democracy, he continued.
explaining the proposition that why the governor couldnt have invited the minority group of 17 congress mlas to form the government, arunjaitley , who was also given the responsibility of defence ministry, pointed out several precendents, supporting the decision of the governor.
here are the three examples he has listed out to support the decision of the governor:in 2005, bjp won 30 out of 81 seats in jharkhand.
the jmm leader shri shibu soren with a support of 17 mlas of his party plus others was invited to form the government.
in j&k 2002, the national conference won 28 mlas but the governor invited the pdp & congress combination of 15 + 21 mlas to form the government.
in 2013 the bjp won 31 seats in delhi, but the aap with 28 mlas with support of congress was invited to form the government.
further weighing in on the debate between the largest single party lacking majority versus a combination of parties constituting a majority, arunjaitley cited the example of former president kr narayanan, when he had invited atal behari vajpayee to form the government.
when no party or pre-election alliance of parties is in a clear majority, the head of state has in india or elsewhere, given the first opportunity to the leader of the party or combination of parties that has won largest number of seats subject to the prime ministers so appointed obtaining majority support on the floor of the house within a stipulated time.
this procedure is not, however, all time formula because situations can arise where mps not belonging to the single largest party or combination can, as a collective entity, out-number the single largest claimant.
the presidents choice of prime minister is pivoted on the would be prime ministers claim of commanding majority support, arunjaitley quoted the then president as saying.
meanwhile, the supreme court today ordered that a floor test will be held on thursday morning, while refusing to stay the swearing-in ceremony of parrikar.
miffed at the bjp moving ahead and claiming to have the required numbers to form a government, the congress legislature party met the governor in the afternoon after she refused to meet them this morning, urging that the swearing-in ceremony be postponed.
bjp leader murli manohar joshi arrives at l k advanis residence in delhi.
(source: ani) bjp leader murli manohar joshi arrives at l k advanis residence in delhi.
(source: ani)senior bjp leaders murli manohar joshi and l k advani met at the latters residence on wednesday evening, hours after the supreme court ordered the two to stand trial in the babri masjid demolition case.
the apex court allowed the cbi plea to restore the criminal conspiracy charges filed against the two and others, including union minister uma bharti and rajasthan governor kalyan singh.
we have allowed the cbi appeal against the allahabad high court judgement with certain directions, a bench comprising justices p c ghose and r f nariman said.
the court clubbed the two cases against the leaders and kasrsevaks and ordered day-to-day hearing in the case.
it set a deadline of two years to complete the trial proceedings.
earlier today, prime minister narendra modi chaired a meeting of senior cabinet ministers.
among those in attendance were finance minister arunjaitley , home minister rajnath singh, transport minister nitin gadkari and information and broadcasting minister venkaiah naidu.
somehow it is going on and no new situation has arisen.
so the situation which was prevailing will continue.
ram jethmalani , arunjaitley ram jethmalani , arun jaitleyunion minister arunjaitley monday filed another civil suit in the delhi high court seeking rs 10 crore as damages from chief minister arvind kejriwal, after his lawyer allegedly used an objectionable word against him in court last week.
during jaitleys cross-examination on may 17, senior advocate ram jethmalani had called the union minister a crook.
he later clarified that he had used the word on his clients instructions.
terming the remarks scandalous, the delhi hc had said the one who has already filed a defamation suit cannot be defamed again.
justice manmohan said if the remarks were made at the behest of kejriwal, he could step in the box and prove the allegations.
jaitley had filed the first civil suit seeking rs 10 crore damages from kejriwal and five aap leaders  ashutosh, kumar vishwas, sanjay singh, raghav chaddha and deepak bajpai  for statements they made alleging financial irregularities in the delhi & district cricket association during his tenure as president.
according to the plea, arunjaitley was subjected to numerous questions that were ex-facie abusive, malicious, offensive, irrelevant and slanderous during cross-examination.
the plea said jethmalanis statement was false, abusive and per se defamatory.
clearly the defendant (kejriwal) has brazenly and with a malafide intent to cause further prejudice, damage and loss to the name, reputation and credibility of the plaintiff (jaitley) has deliberately used the terminology of crook, the plea said.
jethmalani had also said arunjaitley was guilty of crimes and crookery, the plea underlined.
it was clear that this statement also was made on specific and categorical instructions of kejriwal these statements, made with ulterior motives, resulted in permanent harm and disrepute to arunjaitley , it said.
the plea also said it was apparent that kejriwal had immense personal malice against arunjaitley , and had attempted to gain cheap political mileage.
jaitleys reputation and integrity in the eyes of his family members, friends, relatives, well-wishers and millions of other people all over the world, was severely damaged.
hence, kejriwal was liable to compensate him by a sum of rs 10 crore, the plea said.
jaitley also had the right to initiate any criminal action for commission of offences, it added.
the matter has been posted for hearing on tuesday.
b'finance minister arunjaitley with mos arjun ram meghwal arrives at parliament to present the union budget 2017-18 in the lok sabha, in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley with mos arjun ram meghwal arrives at parliament to present the union budget 2017-18 in the lok sabha, in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo)if the union budget was to be given an imaginative title, like those in the economic survey, it would be much ado about nothing.
the survey raised the hope that something will be done to revive private investment and rationalise subsidies.
the budget failed on both counts.
instead, it increased mgnrega allocation to a record level, which is surprising since prime minister narendra modi had railed against this scheme in the run-up to the 2014 election.
it seems that the prime minister has become its main champion now, perhaps realising its obvious vote-getting potential.
the survey also raised hopes that something will be done to rationalise subsidies and aggressively push jam (jan dhan, aadhaar and mobile), but no such luck.
i suppose we should be grateful that at least the budget did not take up the universal basic income (ubi) scheme on top of all the other subsidies.
the suggestion to move towards direct benefit tax (dbt)  the logical way to go for food and fertiliser subsidies after the success with lpg  did not find any reference in the budget.
the hike in public investment  for roads, railways  is a positive step.
but the number is a bit deceiving since a substantial share of the increase comes from psu investment, which by itself will not crowd in private investment.
a better strategy would have been to extract a bigger dividend from psus and increase public infrastructure investment even more in roads, sewage systems and electricity, whose multiplier effects are greater.
the budget is also silent on the national infrastructure investment fund (niif) that was established with much fanfare last time.
the survey again raised our hopes that a more aggressive resolution of the npl (non-performing loan) problem plaguing the banking and corporate sector was likely.
but the budget does not even talk about the issue.
acknowledged npl are now at around $90 billion, but the real amount could be much larger.
one of the big lessons from international experience is the longer you delay resolving the banking sectors problems, the longer it takes for the economy to recover.
the survey talks of establishing a public sector asset rehabilitation company (para), where the npl could be transferred and settled, freeing up the balance sheets of banks and corporates.
but it is unclear how para would be financed.
asking the rbi to transfer securities to this agency may further weaken the rbi, especially after the battering its credibility has taken due to demonetisation.
a more aggressive resolution would be to have banks and corporates take a hit on their balance sheets.
it would at least create the right incentives for future behaviour and allow new private banks to expand more aggressively.
the prime minister constantly reminds us, pain now for gain tomorrow.
the errant corporates and public sector banks should be made to feel some of that pain.
instead, we see more tax-payer money (rs 10,000 crore) going to public sector banks through the indradhanush scheme, with no word on the bankruptcy law, which we need so badly now.
the budget does acknowledge that demonetisation was a disruptive reform.
if the forecast growth for fy17 was 7.
6 per cent, it is now expected to be around 6.
5-6.
75 per cent, amounting to a drop of around 1 per cent.
instead of bringing the budget forward, it should have been pushed back, so that the fy17 q3 numbers were available for a better estimation of the disruption.
but that would have meant acknowledging that demonetisation was a mistake.
instead, the budget has provided some sops to groups that may have been affected adversely by demonetisation.
so, we see a tax relief for low income tax-payers and smaller companies and more money for mgnrega to help create some income in rural areas.
while breaching the announced fiscal path from 3.
0 to 3.
2 per cent of the gdp, the fy18 budget does not also completely abandon it.
this has been the pattern in the last two budgets as well.
the government wants to spend more money but isnt sure what it might do to indias ratings.
given the international environment, any adverseimpression could trigger a bigger outflow of funds from india.
fy17 and fy18 may well go down as two wasted years.
in fy17, we dealt with an ill-thought-out, poorly implementeddemonetisation.
we will be on the back foot in fy18, trying to recover from it.
we wish the government instead would keep its focus on genuine reforms: resolve the npl issue by allowing corporates and banks to take a hit on their balance sheets, increase divestment with more funds for social infrastructure, shift more aggressively to dbt.
this would have, in a year or two, set us on genuine recovery, created jobs and achieved the objectives for which this government was elected.
b'an official showing the copy of union budget 2017-18 at parliament after its presentation in the lok sabha in new delhi.
pti file photo an official showing the copy of union budget 2017-18 at parliament after its presentation in the lok sabha in new delhi.
pti file photothe goal of garibi mukt bharat is at the core of the union budget 2017/2018.
finance minister arunjaitley fourth budget attempts to ensure that the fruits of economic progress are distributed equitably amongst all sections of society.
the global economy is facing serious challenges and most developed nations are in the throes of economic crises.
the economic uncertainty in the us, brexit and movements within multilateral trade platforms are some of the game-changers that can alter the global economic landscape.
the world over, communities that were neglected are questioning existing economic paradigms.
globalisation is no longer considered empowering and nations have started looking inwards.
economic growth based on transnational services and international migration is witnessing a reversal and the global investment climate is not warm.
the indian economy and the union budget could not have remained immune to these factors.
global trends had to be taken into account while deciding the direction of the indian economy.
the budget has done so in a commendable manner.
the most important aspect of the budget is that it pegged the fiscal deficit at 3.
2 per cent of the gdp.
the fm has set a target to keep the fiscal deficit 3.
2 per cent  and not 3 per cent  to provide for higher public expenditure in the context of sluggish private sector investment and slow growth.
he has wisely preferred fiscal prudence and maintained discipline  an extraordinary step that even political adversaries have appreciated.
the government has thus sent the right signals  of a stable policy environment  to both domestic and international players and boosted the confidence of overseas investors.
the budget has also addressed the impact of demonetisation and the gst roll out.
without follow-up measures, the objectives of demonetisation will not be achieved.
in the war on black money, bringing the informal sector into formal processes and plugging the sources of black money generation are important.
budget 2017 has initiated steps in this regard.
the thrust given to the farm sector has ensured that agricultural growth does not lose momentum and maintains the 4.
1 per cent level.
farmers will have ease access to credit.
the outlay for agriculture has been increased by 24 per cent in the fiscal year 2017/2018.
a special support of rs 1,900 crore has been announced to bring cooperative banks into the ambit of the core banking structure.
a micro-irrigation fund and a dairy development fund will be set up under nabard with a corpus of rs 5,000 crore and rs 8,000 crore respectively.
the move is expected to make credit easily available to small and marginal farmers.
the allocation for the governments flagship crop insurance scheme, pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana (pmfby), has been raised to rs 9,000 crore from rs 5,500 crore.
the government will also take measures to bring 40 per cent of the net cropped area under insurance.
it has also urged the states to delist perishables such as vegetables and fruits from the agriculture produce marketing committees (apmcs) and allow farmers to sell such items directly to consumers, to realise better prices.
employment generation is another of the budgets focus areas.
rs 48,000 crore has been allocated to the rural job creation scheme, mgnrega, the highest ever; this has the potential to lift one crore rural households out of poverty.
another significant proposal is the expansion of the skill india mission, with the objective of harnessing indias demographic dividend.
the budget has announced the setting up of 100 pradhan mantri kaushal kendras in 600 more districts, which will impart foreign language training to youth seeking employment outside the country.
in order to financially empower women, mahila shakti kendras will be set up in rural areas for skill development, with a corpus of rs 500 crore.
infrastructure has received a massive boost, with an allocation of rs 3,96,135 crore.
the railways has received its largest ever allocation of rs 1.
31 trillion, an 8.
26 per cent increase over the last fiscal.
a railway safety fund of rs 1 trillion has also been announced.
the indian railways will list its subsidiaries  the indian railway catering and tourism corporation, indian railway finance corporation and ircon international ltd.  in stock exchanges to give them an opportunity to grow in a competitive market and simultaneously access investments from international markets.
the allocation of rs 67,000 crore for national highways substantially exceeds last years outlay of rs 57,676 crore.
connectivity will be improved by constructing 2,000 km of coastal roads.
rs 19,000 crore has been allocated to the pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana.
the governments mission on affordable housing has been given the status of an infrastructure project; this will draw more investment, helping builders to access capital from financial markets.
the interest burden will fall, leading to a boom in construction of affordable homes.
perhaps the most unique aspect of the union budget 2017-18 is that, for the first time, the political establishment has been held accountable for black money generation.
by proposing a ceiling of rs 2,000 on cash donations to political parties, the government has effectively pinched a major source of unaccounted wealth.
introducing electoral bonds is a pathbreaking initiative.
the cap of rs 3 lakh on cash transactions further takes forward the agenda of a cashless and corruption-free economy.
the tax breaks to the msme sector and the salaried class is expected to drive growth by making more cash available in the economy.
more people will be brought into the tax net, thereby making the economy more organised.
the budget has balanced the goals of growth and equitable development.
b'union defence minister manohar parrikar.
when the defence minister, flanked by the service chiefs, announced the implementation of one rank one pension today, it was expected that it will bring the 83 day old protests by veterans to an end.
but going by the response of the veterans and the mood at jantar mantar, the government has failed to satisfy the protesters.
out of the seven points announced by the defence minister, the veterans have welcomed only one point: the implementation of orop from 01 july 2014, with 2013 as the base year for calculation of pension.
the veterans wanted equalization of pension every two years but the government has not budged from its stated position of equalization every five years.
watch video  explained: one rank one pensionthe government has also said that it will fix the pension as the average of the maximum and minimum of the new retirees, while the veterans wanted it to be pegged to the maximum of the scale.
the government has announced a one member judicial committee to look into the anomalies, if any, created during the implementation of orop.
the veterans have rejected it, because they wanted a five-member committee with three veterans as part of it.
the government has given the judicial committee six months to submit its report while the veterans wanted the report within a month.
read: govts orop package a betrayal to ex-servicemen: congressbut what really seems to have irked the protesting veterans is a caveat inserted into the announcement at the last few days: to keep military personnel who have taken premature retirement out of the ambit of orop.
due to the steep pyramidic structure of the armed forces, many deserving people choose to take premature retirement.
as per extant rules, anyone who has served for a minimum of 20 years as an officer (and 15 years for jawans, ncos and jcos) is eligible for pension.
as per veterans, this last minute clause will exclude 40 percent veterans from orop.
this is likely to be the biggest sticking point between the government and veterans, going forward.
read: ex-servicemen whose premature retirement valid, legal will get orop benefits: rathorethe defence minister spoke of an additional financial burden of rs 8,000-10,000 crore this year due to orop.
he also said this burden will continue to rise every year.
he mentioned that the previous upa government had allocated only rs 500 crore towards orop, while omitting to mention that in its first full budget, mr arunjaitley had also allocated only rs 1000 crore for orop.
read: decision on orop historic, cong played a joke, says amit shahaccording to the defence minister, the arrears of orop will cost another rs 10,000-12,000 crore.
the government has budgeted rs 54,500 crore for defence pensions this year.
with the government committed to fiscal prudence, it is not going to be easy for mr parrikar to fully satisfy the veterans.
leave alone this announcement signalling the end of battle between the veterans and the government, it doesnt even bring a temporary ceasefire between the two sides.
b'j&k first woman chief minister mehbooba mufti (left) met pm modi (right).
j&k first woman chief minister mehbooba mufti (left) met pm modi (right).
jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti wednesday called on prime minister narendra modi and discussed various issues pertaining to the state including the law and order situation.
during the meeting described as a courtesy call, mehbooba, who assumed charge of the pdp-bjp government on april 4, informed the prime minister about her meetings with various cabinet ministers since tuesday including that with finance minister arunjaitley , official sources said.
mehbooba, who is the first woman chief minister of the state, sought assistance from the centre for implementing the agenda of alliance arrived by the two parties last year.
earlier, the chief minister sought to dispel reports about any animosity between local and outstation students and said her government will ensure security all students studying in the valley.
they are our children.
these are our children.
it is our job to provide them security.
i am confident they will come back, kashmir is their home, mehbooba said.
these students have been living there for years.
we cant separate people over an incident.
i am hopeful they will come back, she said and sought to draw a parallel with violence in hyderabad and jnu universities.
union minister venkaiah naidu, who separately met mehbooba, said the jammu and kashmir chief minister demanded that jammu and srinagar cities should be included in smart cities project.
i have told her that its under consideration, he said.
naidu said during her discussion, the issue of nit students also cropped up and the chief minister said that every step will be taken to ensure that students are provided safety and security.
naidu also said that the issue of nit was not between local and outstation students.
we should try to assure students from other parts of nation studying in srinagar that they will have a peaceful stay, he said.
nit srinagar has been at the centre of a controversy since april 1 when clashes broke out between outstation and local students following indias defeat to west indies in the world t20 cup.
the situation worsened on april 5 when outstation students tried to take out a march outside the campus but were stopped by the police, leading to incidents of violence including vandalism by students and lathicharge by police.
b'rajnath singh, who is heading the all-party meet in kashmir, has said that after returning to delhi on monday night, the delegation would meet once again and the government will take action based on their suggestions.
express photo by shuaib masoodi rajnath singh, who is heading the all-party meet in kashmir, has said that after returning to delhi on monday night, the delegation would meet once again and the government will take action based on their suggestions.
express photo by shuaib masoodiunion home minister rajnath singh on saturday approved the use of chilli-based pava shells for crowd control measures in the valley ahead of his visit to kashmir for the all-party delegation meet, said pti quoting official sources.
the home minister cleared the file for use of pelargonic acid vanillyl amide (pava) also called nonivamide as an alternative to the pellet guns, official sources said.
they said as many as 1000 shells would be reaching the kashmir valley tomorrow.
pava shells are non-lethal, which temporarily incapacitates the target and paralyses them for a few minutes.
the shells actually contains an organic compound found in chillis.
the use of pellet guns and the number of fatal eye injuries in the valley has resulted in a huge outcry over its use by security forces to control protests.
an expert panel was thus setup to find a suitable alternative to pellet guns for crowd-control measures in the wake of violent protests after the killing of hizbul mujahideen commander burhan wani on july 8.
rajnath singh, who is heading the all-party meet in kashmir, has said that after returning to delhi on monday night, the delegation would meet once again and the government will take action based on their suggestions.
during the two-day visit, the mps will interact with governor n.n. vohra and chief minister mehbooba mufti, and will also be holding meetings with representatives of all political parties and other delegations in srinagar to bring peace in the restive valley.
read: kashmir: opposition pitches for holding talks with hurriyatreiterating that the use of pellet guns must be stopped in kashmir, the congress party on saturday said that the government must initiate dialogue with all stakeholders to end the prevailing unrest in the valley.
leader of opposition in the rajya sabha and congress leader ghulam nabi azad has said the pellet guns should be replaced with less lethal options to control protesters in kashmir valley.
read: use of pellet guns: capsicum shells, stun grenades can be used as options, says paneljammu and kashmir deputy chief minister nirmal singh said he hopes for positive outcome from all party delegation visit, adding there is more need for peace in the kashmir valley.
apart from the home minister and minister of state in pmo jitendra singh, those who will be part of the all-partydelegation include finance minister arunjaitley , leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, his lok sabha colleague mallikarjun kharge, senior congress leader ambika soni, union minister ram vilas paswan (ljp), jd-u leader sharad yadav, cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury and cpi leader d raja.
the valley is facing unrest due to protests in the aftermath of the killing of terrorist burhan wani on july 8.
the valley has seen possibly the longest spell of protests for over 50 days in which 70 people have lost their lives so far.
ts decision to hold its two-day national executive in odisha for the first time in 20 years is also being seen as a move in this direction after it put up an impressive show in the recent local body polls there.
ts decision to hold its two-day national executive in odisha for the first time in 20 years is also being seen as a move in this direction after it put up an impressive show in the recent local body polls there.
over 120 lok sabha constituencies, where the bjp had lost in the last polls but sees as winnable in the next, will be at the centre of its eight-day drive between april 6 and 14 with a host of senior party leaders scheduled to visit these areas.
party president amit shah will be in hyderabad and senior ministers like rajnath singh, arunjaitley and nitin gadkari in kolkata south, bengaluru (rural) and nazimabad respectively during this period and hold a number of public events.
most of the union ministers will be visiting states and constituencies which the partys top brass has identified as winnable and party mps will also visit one seat each where it had lost as part of its efforts to boost its chances there in 2019.
the move underlines the bjps aggressive attempts to win over new territories.
its decision to hold its two-day national executive in odisha for the first time in 20 years is also being seen as a move in this direction after it put up an impressive show in the recent local body polls there.
prime minister narendra modi had identified a long to-do list for the party in his address to its mps.
while april 6 is the partys foundation day, april 14 is the birth anniversary of dalit icon bhim rao ambedkar.
we will inform the masses about the central governments achievements, the gst legislation and our win in the recent assembly polls, party general secretary bhupender yadav said.
yadav, who is in charge of party affairs in bihar, will be visiting madhepura, a stronghold of the lalu prasad-led rjd.
he said bhim app, a digital payment interface, will also be popularised by party leaders and workers who will also undertake cleanliness drives.
union ministers j p nadda, smriti irani and v k singh will be visiting thrissur, amethi and rae bareli  the last two being parliamentary constituencies of congress vice president rahul gandhi and its chief sonia gandhi.
kerala, another state where the party believes it has prospects, will see visits by several ministers, besides west bengal.
its general secretary anil jain and union minister ram kripal yadav will travel to ferozabad and mainpuri, two samajwadi party bastions in uttar pradesh.
after taking over as the bjp chief, shah had begun work on boosting its strength in a number of states, including odisha, west bengal, kerala and those in the northeast, as he identified them as places where it can win many more seats in 2019.
a better performance in these states can make up for the losses it may suffer in states like uttar pradesh, madhya pradesh, gujarat, maharashtra and rajasthan where it is likely to find it hard to repeat its 2014 feat.
the hrd ministry also plans to rope in a third-party organisation to measure learning outcomes of students in private and public schools starting this year.
the hrd ministry also plans to rope in a third-party organisation to measure learning outcomes of students in private and public schools starting this year.
the hrd ministry has amended the rules under the right to education (rte) act to make it compulsory for all state governments to codify expected levels of learning which students in classes i to viii should achieve in different subjects.
a common practice globally, this is the first time that learning indicators will be used in india to assess children.
learning outcomes are assessment standards which help teachers to understand the learning levels of students in their respective classes, individually as well as collectively.
the amendment of rule 23 (2) was announced through a gazette notification on february 20.
according to this notification, all states, except jammu and kashmir, will have to prepare class-wise, subject-wise learning outcomes for all elementary classes and also devise guidelines for putting into practice continuous and comprehensive evaluation, to achieve the defined learning outcomes.
watch what else is making newsministry sources said the state governments will be expected to draft their learning outcomes within a month, based on the document prepared by the national council for education research and training (ncert), which was released on january 17 for public feedback.
the ncert learning indicators have been finalised for seven subjects  english, hindi, urdu, mathematics, evs (environmental science), science and social sciences.
in the ncert document, learning indicators in writing for a class i student assess not just the students ability to recognise letters a to z, but also his/ her ability to carry out simple instructions such as shut the door, bring me the book.
in class ii, a student should be able to compose and write simple, short sentences with space between words.
the levels have been gradually increased so that by class viii, a student can not only read and write, but also use his/ her faculties to read between the lines, understand new concepts, and explore and read other areas of knowledge.
the states are free to tweak the ncert document and draft tougher learning outcomes.
however, the ncert learning indicators cannot be diluted.
they have to be adopted as the basic minimum learning outcome to be achieved by all students, said a ministry official, who did not want to be named.
the hrd ministry also plans to rope in a third-party organisation to measure learning outcomes of students in private and public schools starting this year.
the gazette notification has come within a month of finance minister arunjaitley budget announcement in february.
the decision to codify learning outcomes was first made at the meeting of the central advisory board of education, the highest advisory body on education, last year.
narendra modi with j jayalalithaa at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti)tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa on tuesday met prime minister narendra modi and signalled that the aiadmk could provide issue-based support to his government in the rajya sabha where it is in a minority.
keen to re-establish its friendly ties with the dravidian party, the bjp too walked the extra mile sending three of its ministers, including ravi shankar prasad, to tamil nadu house to meet and greet her.
jayalalithaa and modi  known to share a good rapport with each other  had crossed swords during the election campaign.
she did not attend his swearing-in as well apparently because of the invitation extended by modi to the sri lankan president mahinda rajapaksa.
on tuesday, both modi and jayalalithaa signalled their intention to bury the past and start afresh.
the meeting lasted for around 50 minutes.
it was very useful and i hope it will prove to be rewarding, she said afterwards.
three ministers  prasad, nirmala sitharaman and p radhakrishnan  then met the cm separately.
sources said that jayalalithaa appeared elated over the defeat of the congress and told one of the ministers that while modi decimated the congress all over the country, she did the same in tamil nadu.
however, she is not in a hurry to join the nda.
sources said that she would prefer to offer issue-based support to the nda government in the rajya sabha and keep open her partys relevance.
the aiadmk has 10 members in the upper house.
there was no such talk (of her party joining the nda) and no such proposal, she said.
on her party supporting the government from outside, particularly in the rajya sabha, she said, the nda has got an independent majority.
for that matter, the bjp itself has got an independent majority.
they do not need support from outside.
we will see when the situation arises.
jayalalithaa handed over a 65-page memorandum to modi listing out the states demands.
the people of the country have great expectations from you and your government.
tamil nadu is no exception.
we were systematically ignored and discriminated against by the former upa government, particularly since may 2011 when i assumed office.
i look forward to that trend completely changing under your guidance, she said in a separate letter to modi.
her particular focus was on additional allocation of resources for tamil nadu, sri lankan tamil issue and expediting the formation of a supervisory committee for raising the water level in the mullaperiyar dam in the wake of the supreme court judgement allowing raising of the water level to 142 ft.
she also demanded implementation of the final order of the cauvery water disputes tribunal by setting up the cauvery management board and the cauvery water regulation committee.
she also met finance minister arunjaitley and spoke of issues related to goods and services tax, release of pending claims for compensation due to central sales tax rate reduction, shortfalls in release of central grants amongst others.
supporters and members of tmc on their way to red road to attend swearing -in -ceremony of tmc run government for the second time in kolkata.
express photo by partha paul.
supporters and members of tmc on their way to red road to attend swearing -in -ceremony of tmc run government for the second time in kolkata.
express photo by partha paul.
opposition leaders of congress and cpm did not attend the swearing-in of mamata banerjee as chief minister on friday.
trinamool congress had extended invitations to senior leaders of all opposition parties, but the latter decided to boycott the proceedings as a mark of protest against the recent incidents of post-poll violence reported from parts of the state.
the left-congress alliance berated the new government for wasting crores of public money in holding the ostentatious swearing-in ceremony while their party workers were being attacked.
as bengal bleeds & burns crores of public money is drained in d name of oath taking ceremony!
how many crores of d people is wasted madam cm?
, cpm state secretary surjya kanta mishra tweeted.
in another tweet, he added: cm takes oath amidst pomp&glory!
!
her goons hurled bombs in d house of haldias mla tapasi mondal,a winner securing 50  plus votes!
democracy?
.
justifying the boycott, a cpm leader said: this was a conscious decision taken in light of the post-poll attacks which have been absolutely relentless.
our offices have been vandalised.
our workers and supporters beaten up.
even if we were to attend the event as a matter of political protocol, how would we face our workers?
we are accountable to themstate congress president adhir chowdhury said congress would have attended the oath-taking ceremony had there been no attacks on his partys cadres.
our decision to boycott was a mark of protest against the brazen attack on opposition workers, he said.
last week, the state bjp had announced that its leaders will boycott the swearing-in after its leader, actor-turned-politician roopa ganguly, was attacked in kakdwip allegedly by a group of tmc workers.
however, while local bjp leaders stayed away, the party was represented by union minister arunjaitley and asansol mp babul supriyo at the ceremony.
bjp national president amit shah said the partys struggle against mamatas government will continue and the decision to send arunjaitley should not be seen as a sign of reaching out to the tmc.
we are only respecting the peoples mandate.
it does not mean we have quit our struggle.
it will continue till we capture power in west bengal, he said.
meanwhile, thousands of people thronged the red road for the peoples swearing-in.
trinamool supporters sprayed green colour on each other and carried large posters of mamatas nephew abhishek banerjee.
huge 12-foot-tall cut-outs of the cm were placed along the road while large screens had been planted for people to watch the proceedings.
but the proceedings could not be relayed due to a technical glitch,leaving the supporters disappointed.
what was the point of coming here?
i walked so far in this heat.
i might as well have stayed home and watched the ceremony on my television, said 62-year-old abdur rehman who, like many others on red road, left soon after the glitch was reported.
the steep increase in the excise duty has led to growth of the smuggling of cigarettes in the country due to the high tax arbitrage,  it added.
the steep increase in the excise duty has led to growth of the smuggling of cigarettes in the country due to the high tax arbitrage,  it added.
ahead of the budget, the federation of all india farmer associations (faifa) on monday asked the government not to increase excise duty on tobacco in order to bring stability in farm prices of the crop.
the non-profit organisation representing farmers across the states, including andhra pradesh, telangana, karnataka and gujarat, appealed to finance minister arunjaitley , to avoid the onslaught of heavy taxation on legal cigarette industry and help bring stability in farm prices of tobacco.
watch what else is making newswe are very disturbed because of the declining off-take from domestic manufacturers  regulatory overreach has created panic and strain on the fcv tobacco farmers in the country, faifa general secretary murali babu said in a statement.
the indian tobacco exports are also sluggish and this has resulted in 22 per cent decline in returns to farmers, he added.
excessive increase in the excise duties on tobacco products, cumulative increase of 118 per cent since 2012/13, leading to 22 per cent has led to shrinkage in the legal cigarette volumes, faifa said.
the steep increase in the excise duty has led to growth of the smuggling of cigarettes in the country due to the high tax arbitrage,  it added.
any further tax increase on the already over-taxed legal tobacco industry will only accelerate the process of diversion of tobacco consumption into the illicit and the unorganised tobacco sector, with adverse consequences on revenue collection and the tobacco control objectives of the government and serious implications on farmer livelihood, it said.
the proposal to levy entertainment tax will come up in the house meeting scheduled for monday.
as per the proposal that is being prepared, 20 percent tax is likely to be levied on tickets of rs 100 and below while 30 percent tax will be levied on tickets above rs 100.
in most of the multiplexes, the tickets cost more than rs 100.
advertisingcongress councillor devinder singh babla said that his party will oppose the move as the bjp government has just been levying taxes on people and burdening them.
the agenda had been pending since long.
in august 2017, the lok sabha had passed a bill that sought to transfer the central governments power to levy entertainment and amusement taxes in chandigarh to its municipal corporation.
to keep the health of the municipalities in mind, the municipalities have been given the right to levy a certain reasonable tax if they feel so.
now, this is a dichotomy.
but this is how the architecture has come about.
advertisingunder the 1994 act, the central government had the power to levy entertainment tax and entertainment duty for chandigarh, it was stated in the parliament.
the general house will also discuss the issue of separate commercial water connections to the domestic consumers of villages who have undertaken small commercial activities within their residence.
this will be part of the amendment in the chandigarh water supply bylaws 2011, if the general house approves the same.
the finance secretary has tried to delink the market crash from the ltcg tax and has described the tumult in indian bourses as a ripple effect of the decline in global equity markets.
the finance secretary has tried to delink the market crash from the ltcg tax and has described the tumult in indian bourses as a ripple effect of the decline in global equity markets.
last week, when asked to explain the rationale behind the reintroduction of the long term capital gains (ltcg) tax, finance secretary hasmukh adhia said, this is a gain which is not accruing from any effort, but is just an investment gain.
it is only reasonable that we look to get some revenue from this class of income.
adhias remarks came after the sensex crashed by more than 800 points, a day after finance minister arunjaitley presented the budget for 2018-2019.
the finance secretary has tried to delink the market crash from the ltcg tax and has described the tumult in indian bourses as a ripple effect of the decline in global equity markets.
the finance ministers budget speech did coincide with a fall in global equity markets.
but its also correct that the savings ecosystem in the country is in the midst of a significant transition  after decades of relying largely on fixed deposits, middle-class investors are shifting funds to assets such as stocks and bonds.
the argument that making such investments does not require any effort harkens to an era when markets were under-appreciated entities in the countrys policy-making circles and sentiments at stock exchanges were viewed as alien to economic realities.
in 2004, the then finance minister p chidambaram scrapped the ltcg tax to encourage household-level investors to shift their savings to market-related instruments  largely stocks and bonds.
since then, the change in the middle-classes savings portfolio has been slow but appreciable.
according to the association of mutual funds in india (amfi), an industry body, the assets under management of the mutual funds industry have grown from rs 3.
26 lakh crore in 2007 to 5.
87 lakh crore in 2012 to 21.
27 lakh crore by the end of last year.
the reserve bank of india data shows that the proportion of fixed deposits dropped from 5.
8 per cent of the gdp in 2014 to 4.
7 per cent in 2016.
the change in the countrys investment landscape is, however, still in the making.
senior citizens, for example, still prefer the safety of traditional instruments such as fixed deposits.
india has only 3 crore equity investors.
but it is also significant that exposure to stocks and debentures rose from about rs 41,000 crore in 2015-2016 to about rs 1,82, 000 crore in 2016-2017.
the finance secretarys explanation for the reintroduction of the ltcg, therefore, belittles an important development in the countrys savings culture.
after all according to amfi, almost a fifth of mutual fund investments today come from small towns.
mercifully, fiscal policy-making in the country has evolved from the times when wealth  and wealth creation  were regarded as immoral.
the finance secretary should reflect on his statement.
more importantly, the government should reconsider the ltcg tax.
artificial intelligence applications will not be a panacea for addressing indias grand challenges (file) artificial intelligence applications will not be a panacea for addressing indias grand challenges (file)artificial intelligence (ai) is high on the government agenda.
some days ago, prime minister narendra modi inaugurated the wadhwani institute for artificial intelligence, reportedly indias first research institute focused on ai solutions for social good.
in the same week, niti aayog ceo amitabh kant argued that ai could potentially add $957 billion to the economy and outlined ways in which ai could be a game changer.
an industrial policy for ai is also in the pipeline, expected to provide incentives to businesses for creating a globally competitive indian ai industry.
narratives on the emerging digital economy often suffer from technological determinism  assuming that the march of technological transformation has an inner logic, independent of social choice and capable of automatically delivering positive social change.
however, technological trajectories can and must be steered by social choice and aligned with societal objectives.
pm modis address hit all the right notes, as he argued that the road ahead for ai depends on and will be driven by human intentions.
emphasising the need to direct ai technologies towards solutions for the poor, he called upon students and teachers to identify the grand challenges facing india  to make ai in india and for india.
to do so, will undoubtedly require substantial investments in r&d, digital infrastructure and education and re-skilling.
but, two other critical issues must be simultaneously addressed: data bias and access to technology gains.
while computers have been mimicking human intelligence for some decades now, a massive increase in computational power and the quantity of available data are enabling a process of machine learning.
instead of coding software with specific instructions to accomplish a set-task, machine learning involves training an algorithm on large quantities of data to enable it to self-learn; refining and improving its results through multiple iterations of the same task.
the quality of data sets used to train machines is thus a critical concern in building ai applications.
much recent research shows that applications based on machine-learning reflect existing social biases and prejudice.
such bias can occur if the data-set the algorithm is trained on is unrepresentative of the reality it seeks to represent.
if for example, a system is trained on photos of people that are predominantly white, it will have a harder time recognising non-white people.
this is what led a recent google application to tag black people as gorillas.
alternatively, bias can also occur if the data set itself reflects existing discriminatory or exclusionary practices.
a recent study by propublica found for example that software that was being useful to assess the risk of recidivism in criminals in the united states was twice as likely to mistakenly flag black defendants as being at higher risk of committing future crimes.
the impact of such data bias can be seriously damaging in india, particularly at a time of growing social fragmentation.
it can contribute to the entrenchment of social bias and discriminatory practices, while rendering both invisible and pervasive the processes through which discrimination occurs.
women are 34 per cent less likely to own a mobile phone than men  manifested in only 14 per cent of women in rural india own a mobile phone, while only 30 per cent of indias internet users are women.
womens participation in the labour force, currently at around 27 per cent, is also declining, and is one of the lowest in south asia.
data sets used for machine learning are thus likely to have a marked gender bias.
the same observations are likely to hold true for other marginalised groups as well.
accorded to a 2014 report, muslims, dalits, and tribals make up 53 per cent of all prisoners in india; ncrb data from 2016 shows in some states, the percentage of muslims in the incarcerated population was almost thrice the percentage of muslims in the overall population.
if ai applications for law and order are built on this data, it is not unlikely that it will be prejudiced against these groups.
(it is worth pointing out that the recently set-up national ai task force is comprised of mostly hindu men  only two women are on the task force, and no muslims or christians.
a recent article in the new york times talked about ais white guy problem; will india suffer from a hindu male bias?
)yet, improving the quality, or diversity, of data-sets may not be able to solve the problem.
the processes of machine learning and reasoning involve a quagmire of mathematical functions, variables, and permutations, the logic of which are not readily traceable or predictable.
the dazzle of ai-enabled efficiency gains must not blind us to the fact that while ai systems are being integrated into key socio-economic systems, their accuracy and logic of reasoning have not been fully understood or studied.
the other big challenge stems from the distribution of ai-led technology gains.
even if estimates of ai contribution to gdp are correct, the adoption of these technologies is likely to be in niches within the organised sector.
these industries are likely to be capital rather than labor intensive, and thus unlikely to contribute to large scale job creation.
at the same time, ai applications can most readily replace low to medium skilled jobs within the organised sector.
this is already being witnessed in the bpo sector  where basic call and chat tasks are now automated.
re-skilling will be important, but it is unlikely that those who lose their jobs will also be those who are being re-skilled  the long arch of technological change and societal adaptation is longer than that of peoples lives.
the contractualization of work, already on the rise, is likely to further increase as large industries prefer to have a flexible workforce to adapt to technological change.
a shift from formal employment to contractual work can imply a loss of access to formal social protection mechanisms, increasing thereby the precariousness of work for workers.
the adoption of ai technologies is also unlikely in the short to medium term in the unorganised sector, which engages more than 80  of indias labor force.
the cost of developing and deploying ai applications, particularly in relation to the cost of labor, will inhibit adoption.
moreover, most enterprises within the unorganised sector still have limited access to basic, older technologies  two thirds of the workforce are employed in enterprises without electricity.
eco-system upgrades will be important but incremental.
given the high costs of developing ai based applications, most start-ups are unlikely to be working towards creating bottom of the pyramid solutions.
access to ai-led technology gains is thus likely to be heavily differentiated  few high-growth industries can be expected, but these will not necessarily result in the welfare of labor.
studies show that labor share of national income, especially routine labor, has been declining steadily across developing countries.
we should be clear that new technological applications themselves are not going to transform or disrupt this trend  rather, without adequate policy steering, these trends will be exacerbated.
policy debates about ai applications in india need to take these two issues seriously.
ai applications will not be a panacea for addressing indias grand challenges.
data bias and unequal access to technology gains will entrench existing socio-economic fissures, even making them technologically binding.
in addition to developing ai applications and creating a skilled workforce the government needs to prioritize research that examines the complex social, ethical and governance challenges associated with the spread of ai-driven technologies.
blind technological optimism might entrench rather than alleviate the grand indian challenge of inequity and growth.
pm modi with finance minister arunjaitley in rajya sabha, thursday.
tv grab pm modi with finance minister arunjaitley in rajya sabha, thursday.
tv grabthe opposition targeted the government over demonetisation during the debate on the motion of thanks to the presidents address in the rajya sabha on thursday.
the motion was introduced by law minister ravi shankar prasad with a speech praising prime minister narendra modi.
participating in the debate, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said: i had expected this government to be apologetic about demonetisation, hoped to see some signs of remorse, but even in the presidents address they are gloating about demonetisation rbi made some sort of a guinness record by issuing 135 circulars in 50 days, experts were not consulted, atms ran dry, there is reverse migration from cities the bjp knew about it beforehand, that is why they bought land with cash in so many states just days before, on the plea that it was for their state offices.
watch what else is making newsazad also mentioned the months-long curfew in kashmir following the death of militant burhan wani and police action against protesting youths, saying that these did not align with the governments signature tune of sabka saath sabka vikas.
modi listened to the hour-long speech, occasionally speaking to finance minister arun jaitley.
the pm left immediately after azad finished speaking.
demonetisation was the principal target in the speeches of most opposition mps.
the governments penchant for catchy phrases and innovative publicity also came under attack, with sp mp neeraj shekhar terming it slogan india and tmcs derek obrien saying that the pm stood not for the honourable prime minister, but photo minister.
prasads speech was peppered with references to the pm  from recalling the emotional moment when he held a broom to promote swacch bharat, to how it was at modis initiative that this years padma awards went to unsung achievers.
the nation does wake up, only you need someone to wake it up.
even when people were inconvenienced by demonetisation, they said it was for national good, he said, accusing the congress of numerous scams.
sps shekhar said: listening to the number of times ravi shankar prasadji mentioned the pm, i was thinking we should have a pms address, not that of the president you think you say swacch bharat and india becomes clean.
this is slogan india.
the pm is permanently in election mode.
accusing the government of indulging in platitudes, obrien said that the budget and presidents speech had proved that demonetisation had failed.
otherwise they would have given us some numbers.
cpis d raja accused the government of having compromised the foreign policy.
b'businessman vijay mallya.
businessman vijay mallya.
congress on thursday accused the bjp-led government of criminal conspiracy in allowing businessman vijay mallya, facing probe in several loan default cases, to fly out of the country, as finance minister arunjaitley sought to corner the main opposition party by saying the loans were given to him during upa rule.
my charge against this government is that when so many agencies were interrogating him (mallya), why was he not arrested, why was his passport not confiscated, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said in rajya sabha.
raising the matter during zero hour, azad said everyone knew mallya could flee any day and the investigating agencies should have seized his passport and taken steps to restrict his movement.
keystrokes: vijay mallyamaintaining that mallya lived a luxurious life and had bases in several countries, the congress leader said mallya is not a needle and moves around with an entourage and expressed surprise how he managed to leave the country despite a cbi look out notice.
my allegation is that this government is party to this criminal conspiracy of allowing him to escape and leave the country.
in this criminal conspiracy, this government should be made party and the supreme court should take note of this.
without the participation and without the active support of this government, he could not have left the country.
that is my allegation, azad said, adding that one had escaped, the second lalit modi (mallya) should not be allowed to escape.
the leader of the house further said the accounts were declared non-performing assets (npa) on april 30, 2009 and these debts were restructured and more facilities extended in december 2010.
in what circumstances were the loans given is an issue of investigation and the cbi is investigating, he said.
jaitley said the liabilities including interest aggregates to rs 9,091.
4 crore as on november 30, 2015.
finance minister arun jaitley.
(source; reuters) finance minister arun jaitley.
(source; reuters)in a setback to the 3rd edition of the bengal global business summit, union finance minister arunjaitley did not attend the event today amid not-so-good current political relationship between the state and the centre.
the relationship between west bengal and the union government has worsened of late, especially after the arrest of two tmc mps tapas pal and sudip bandyopadhyay, in connection with the rose valley scam.
after that, the state government arrested bjp state leader jayprakash majumdar in connection with alleged bribery connection.
watch video | west bengal governments flagship bengal global business summit 2017 kickstarts in kolkatajaitley was scheduled to attend the event, but he was believed to have been asked by the party high command to stay away, according to sources.
president pranab mukherjee, governor keshri nath tripathi, chief minister mamata banerjee, state finance minister amit mitra and industrialists sanjiv goenka, sajjan jindal and kishore biyani as well as cricketer sourav ganguly are present at the inaugural event.
the 2-day bengal global business summit (bgbs) is being attended by representatives from over 27 countries and 3,000 overseas delegates.
bsukhpal singh khaira (express photo by kamleshwar singh/file) sukhpal singh khaira (express photo by kamleshwar singh/file)delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has tendered an apology for having levelled unfounded allegations related to involvement in drugs trade against shiromani akali dal leader bikram singh majithia following which the latter has decided to withdraw the court case against him.
however, the meek surrender drew flak from aam aadmi partys (aap) punjab unit leaders who termed kejriwals step a letdown.
aap leaders in new delhi, however, said the move was to shed court cases, in which the party convenor finds himself mired, and hinted that a similar course could be adopted in the defamation case filed by finance minister arun jaitley.
former punjab minister majithia claimed he was grateful that truth had won and kejriwal had realized his mistake.
since the aap leader had tendered his apology, he did not want to pursue the defamation case filed against him, majithia said.
drug abuse was a major issue in the high-octane punjab assembly elections last year and kejriwal, who was leading the aap charge, accused majithia, then a minister in the state government, of being involved in narcotics trade.
however, in his apology to majithia, the delhi chief minister said he had learnt that his allegations were unfounded.
in the recent past i made certain statements and allegations against you regarding your alleged involvement in drug trade.
these statements became a political issue.
now ive learnt that the allegations are unfounded.
hence there should be no politics on such issues.
i hereby withdraw all my statements and allegations made against you and apologise for the same, kejriwal said.
talking to reporters here this evening, majithia said he had accepted the apology.
i thank kejriwal for showing greatness in seeking apology for his remarks made against me.
i have told my lawyers that from our side, this case ends as kejriwal has sought apology.
i have asked my counsels to withdraw the defamation case.
person makes mistake and with the grace of god, if i have the ability to forgive and i will forgive, the sad leader said.
majithia had filed a defamation case against kejriwal and ashish khetan in may 2015.
i had said from the beginning that either he will say sorry or he will go to jail.
sending someone to jail is not my intention, he asserted.
it is indeed a historical moment that a sitting chief minister has submitted a written apology in court withdrawing all statements he made against me,said majithia.
the sad leader said although it was very torturous journey for him as he battled the allegations.
the aap, however, did not benefit as their candidate lost his security forfeited in my constitutency, he said.
majithia said the entire controversy had taken a toll on his mother because she could not understand this kind of politics.
my wife also went through a difficult phase, i thank the almighty that this chapter has ended and truth has prevailed, he said, adding, if my two little kids were asked in school that your father does such things, you can imagine what could have been my position.
what answer i could have given to them.
aap leader ashish khetan had apologized as well, he added.
however, aaps punjab leaders could hardly suppress their anger.
leader of opposition in punjab assembly and senior aap leader sukhpal singh khaira took to twitter to vent his disagreement.
were appalled n stunned by the apology of @arvindkejriwal tendered today, we dont hesitate to admit that we havent been consulted on this meek surrender by a leader of his stature (sic), khaira tweeted.
arvind kejriwal' apology to bikram majithia in the defamation case on drugs is a let down to the people, especially the youth of punjab.
we in punjab have not been taken into the loop.
our fight for punjab continues.
#punjabdrugs  kanwar sandhu (@sandhukanwar) march 15, 2018were appalled n stunned by the apology of @arvindkejriwal tendered today,we dont hesitate to admit that we havent been consulted on this meek surrender by a leader of his stature-khaira @zeenews @cnnnews18 @thetribunechd @htpunjab @ptc_network @jagbanionline @dailyajitnews  sukhpal singh khaira (@sukhpalkhaira) march 15, 2018another senior aap leader kanwar sandhu also reacted sharply.
arvind kejriwal apology to bikram majithia in the defamation case on drugs is a let down to the people, especially the youth of punjab.
we in punjab have not been taken into the loop.
our fight for punjab continues, sandhu tweeted.
meanwhile, the aaps delhi unit said kejriwal was facing dozens of civil and criminal cases related to defamation, putting hoardings or posters during election campaigns, violation of sec 144, public protests etc in delhi and other parts of india like varanasi, amethi, punjab, assam, maharashtra, goa and many other places.
most of these cases require personal appearance in court.
these cases have been foisted by our political rivals to de-motivate us and keep our leadership busy in these legal matters.
the decision to amicably sort out all such legal cases is a strategy as devised by the legal team of the party.
the political cases in delhi have been put on fast track forcing mlas andmministers to virtually attend cases on daily basis in courts at delhi and other states, spokesperson of aaps delhi unit saurabh bharadwaj said.
party sources indicated that it may resort to a similar move in dealing with the defamation cases filed by union finance minister arunjaitley against kejriwal and other aap leaders.
jaitley had filed defamation cases after kejriwal and aap leaders alleged irregularities in delhi district cricket administration (ddca), of which the bjp leader was the president.
harjit singh sajjan harjit singh sajjanwhile urging punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh to reconsider his statement opposing canadian defence minister harjit singh sajjan, aam aadmi party (aap) leaders tuesday asked the chief minsiter to welcome him as a state guest as it will not only send a positive message to over 50 lakh nris settled across the globe but also improve bilateral ties between india (punjab) and canada.
aap mla and chief whip sukhpal singh khaira said that its a matter of record that captain amarinder singh was one of the seven signatories to the amritsar declaration dated 1st may 1994 wherein seven akali outfits including that of simranjit singh mann had merged to form shiromani akali dal (amritsar).
the aim and objective of amritsar declaration read out before the akal takhat sahib at amritsar was to demand an independent and sovereign sikh state, in other words khalistan.
therefore, the logic rolled out by captain amarinder singh to oppose the visit of harjit singh sajjan also applies to him for being a part of the amritsar declaration.
another reason for capt.
amarinder singh to oppose sajjan is also a part of the larger political conspiracy hatched by the congress leadership, under a tit for tat policy, said khaira.
in order to settle scores with the canadian government for passing the sikh genocide resolution, the congress high command has directed captain amarinder singh to oppose harjit singh sajjan on flimsy grounds by calling him a khalistani sympathiser, said khaira.
if union finance and defense minister arunjaitley and external affairs minister sushma sawaraj can receive and meet sajjan, what prevents captain amarinder singh from honouring him?
i am sure the central government must have checked the antecedents of the visiting canadian minister before engaging him in a dialogue.
if the chief minister can invite and host his pakistani friends despite the fact that pakistan is hell bent to destabilise the unity and integrity of india, what prevents him from meeting his own punjabi sikh colleague?
asked khaira.
b'(file photo) (file photo)the election commission of india seems to have found the last piece of the puzzle to curb illicit money coming into the political system in the form of political party funding.
finance minister arunjaitley , heeding to election commission of indias request, reduced anonymous donation limit for a single donation to political parties from  20,000 to  2,000 earlier this year.
according to sunday express, the commission is now pushing for a cap on anonymous cash donations that a party can receive i.
e.
20 crore gross amount or 20  of the partys annual receipts, whichever is less.
the loophole, it seemed in the governments plan was only the lack of a cap on anonymous funding.
this move would mean that parties would have to rely on accounted donations either above the 2,000 mark or those coming from the cheque/digital/electoral bond route.
helping the grand design, parliament approved amendments in the finance bill 2017, recently and significant changes are now in the offing in the manner political parties are funded.
relaxation of corporate funding to political parties would give a better and cleaner channel for party funding.
the scale of the problem was revealed recently in a report by association of democratic reforms which showed top national parties and scores of regional parties were reporting income from unknown sources.
the report brought out in january this year showed that 71 percent of political funding for national parties was coming from unknown sources while for regional parties, 58 per cent money was from anonymous sources.
adr studied income data of six national political partiesindian national congress, bharatiya janata party, bahujan samaj party, nationalist congress party, communist party of india and communist party of india (marxist).
it also studied 51 regional parties.
it held that out of the total receipts of 11,367,34 crore, the money from unknown sources was 7,832.
98 crore.
the report had highlighted that in filing their returns to the income tax department, parties were reporting the anonymous cash donations allowed to parties under 20,000 as money coming from coupon sales, relief fund, monetary voluntary donations etc.
a few months ago, the supreme court dismissed a petition seeking all political parties to disclose the source of all the income.
83 per cent of money from congress partys coffers and 65 per cent from that of bjps, top two on the list in terms of amount of receipts, was from unknown sources.
bsps 95 per cent income was from anonymous sources and 86 per cent for the shiromani akali dal as well.
the report also observed that the bsp repeatedly declared no individual donation of or above 20,000.
with the new set of reforms, it seems that political parties will find themselves in a tighter spot and it will be tougher to use these parties as a conduit to launder black money.
b'congress president rahul gandhi posted the video on his twitter account on wednesday.
(file) congress president rahul gandhi posted the video on his twitter account on wednesday.
(file)congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday hit out at prime minister narendra modi over rising prices of petrol and diesel.
he posted a video on his twitter account on the issue calling pm modi as king of misinformation.
in the video, the prime minister is seen at a rally talking about reducing petrol and diesel prices.
the video is interspersed with clippings of bollywood actor salman khan who bursts into peals of laughter.
the poor & the middle class bear the brunt of rising fuel prices.
in this video, our pm is quite obviously talking about some other country.
#petrolledpic.
twitter.com/j6phc7usjz  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) april 4, 2018gandhi tweeted using #petrolled as the hashtag.
gandhi and congress have alleged that despite the decline in international crude oil prices, the rates of petrol and diesel have been rising due to heavy taxes imposed by the bjp government.
india has the highest retail prices of petrol and diesel among south asian nations as taxes account for half of the pump rates.
state-owned oil companies  indian oil corporation, bharat petroleum corporation and hindustan petroleum corporation  in june last year had dumped the 15-year old practice of revising rates on the 1st and 16th of every month.
now the rates are being revised on a daily basis based on changing global markets.
on april 2, petrol prices hit a four-year high on the first monday of the new financial year at rs 73.
83 per litre, while diesel reached an all-time high at rs 64.
69 per litre.
the hike in fuel prices came amid strengthening of global crude oil prices.
the current hike in petrol is highest since september, 2013 when it jumped to rs 76.
earlier this year, the oil ministry had sought a reduction in excise duty on petrol and diesel to cushion the impact of rising international oil rates.
however, finance minister arunjaitley in his budget presented on february 1 ignored those calls.
between november 2014 and january 2016, the excise duty had been raised nine times to shore up finances as global oil prices fell.
the government had slashed tax just once in october last year by rs 2 a litre.
the excise duty cut cost the government rs 26,000 crore in annual revenue and about rs 13,000 crore during the remaining part of the current fiscal year.
with inputs from pti.
imf imfamid a spate of policy changes in the us under the trump administration, the international monetary fund is closely following the developments in america, a top imf official has said, noting that there is considerable uncertainty on specific policies.
our latest world economic outlook assumes fiscal expansion by the us will carry momentum forward, raising us economic growth from 2.
3 to 2.
5 per cent in 2018, which is positive for the global economy, tao zhang, deputy managing director of the international monetary fund, told pti in an exclusive interview.
at the same time, there is considerable uncertainty on specific policies.
we are following policy developments closely, and we will need to see details of the various proposals to better understand their implications, the top imf official said when asked about the economic policies of the us president donald trump.
zhang said although growth is picking up, the world economy still faces many challenges, and risks remain skewed to the downside.
these risks include an inward shift in policies and elevated policy uncertainty; an aggressive rollback of financial regulation; and a faster-than-expected tightening of financial conditions.
these are risks, not yet certain.
we have to see whether they come to pass, he said.
as our managing director christine lagarde said during the spring meetings, we are seeing the global economy picking up momentum, he added.
despite some improvement for the us and other advanced economies, most of the global pick-up stems from emerging markets, including india.
the outlook for the asia pacific region remains robust the strongest in the worldand recent data point to a pickup in momentum, he said.
responding to a question, zhang said the imf is now starting to discuss next phase of quota reforms.
finance minister arunjaitley had articulated about it in his address to the imf last week here.
there is a general recognition by the funds membership that the imfs governance should evolve, as the global economy evolves.
we can never be complacent, and i would expect that the imfs governance will continue to evolve to reflect the shifting global economic landscape, he said.
the executive board will also start discussion on the next review of our quotas, including a new quota formula that allocates the voting power in the imf executive board, in the second half of this year, zhang said.
an historic reform of our governance came into effect last year, bringing a shift of influence in favour of emerging market and developing countries.
the fund and its membership recognise the growing role of the dynamic emerging market countries in the global economy, said the top imf official.
b'seeking to take the battle to his detractors court,karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa plans to bring out a chargesheet against jd(s) supremo h d deve gowda and his family members on the issue of land scams.
unfazed by the opposition campaign for his removal,yeddyurappa also declared that his government is going to last a full five-year term and central leaders of the bjp were happy about my performance.
he said he was going in for a cabinet reshuffle in first week of next month which will see some changes in portfolios.
i want to publish a chargesheet against deve gowda and his family members before parliament session.
so many illegal transactions have taken place,especially land scams.
let them discuss it in parliament, yeddyurappa told reporters aftermeeting top bjp leaders l k advani and arun jaitley.
reeling out figures about the allotments of stray sites,(g category sites) by his predecessors,he said the opposition parties are blaming my government for such allotments.
he tried to drive home the point that such actions by his government were less in number compared to earlier dispensations.
he said under the g category,former chief ministers s m krishna had allotted 334 sites,dharam singh 76,h d kumaraswamy 286 and his government 172.
he alleged that deve gowda had allotted 46 sites to his family in mysore and there has been no answer from them in spite of his public charge.
he said that gowda and his party was resorting to hit and run policy against his government and therefore to counter them he will be bringing out the chargesheet which needed to be discussed in parliament.
replying to a question,the chief minister said that his remove governor h r bhardwaj campaign was now over.
only last month,the battle against the governor,with whom the chief minister has frequently been at loggerheads,had flared up with even senior party leaders petitioning the president for his recall.
in an apparent move to expand his base among the rural people,yeddyurappa said that his government would be presenting a separate budget for farmers on february 24,which,he claimed,was the first of its kind in the country.
he also dismissed charges that the fir against rajya sabha deputy chairman and congress leader k rahman khan for alleged financial irregularities filed by his government were politically motivated.
he is my close friend.
i do not want to discuss about it.
but there were specific charges against him in connection with amanat cooperative bank in bangalore, he said.
the fir alleges financial irregularities by khan and two others to the tune of rs 102.
02 crore in the bank.
b'reserve bank of indiav reserve bank of indiavtaking suo moto cognisance of the indian express report on vaulting loan write-offs in the public sector banks (psbs), the supreme court on tuesday directed the rbi to share with it the names of defaulters who owe more than rs 500 crore and continue to lead a lavish lifestyle.
the focus on declaring npas  mandated by the rbi  has led to the psbs declaring sharply reduced profits in the latest round of quarterly earnings.
but while those who fall in such a category might invite the most outrage, the truth about psbs hits closer home.
in the absence of long-pending structural reforms, the psbs have more to contend with than mounting npas.
for one, rapid technological changes are sweeping the financial services sector.
infosys co-founder nandan nilekani says the financial sector is poised for its whatsapp moment.
this is represented by new applications such as paytm, which has become the largest mobile wallet in the country within a few years, and handles greater transaction volumes than any other bank.
the second key challenge for existing psbs is from greater competition induced by the rbi in the shape of more banks and a more differentiated pattern of banking, which aims at widening and deepening financial inclusion.
historically, india has been conservative in introducing new banks.
but that has changed in the past one year with the introduction of 23 new banks, including universal, payments, and small banks.
both these developments underscore the old dictum  survival of the fittest.
but do the psbs have the staff, the top- and middle-rung managers, to devise a counter-strategy?
the answer is no.
and that is the third and most important threat looming over the psbs.
according to a mckinsey & co survey of 20 psbs in 2013, an estimated 87 per cent of general managers (gms), 65 per cent of deputy gms and 50 per cent of assistant gms would retire in the current financial year.
thanks to a hiring freeze in the 1990s, by 2020 the number of employees in the psbs will fall off the proverbial cliff.
reduced profitability of the psbs, inability to hire laterally as well as comparatively poorer remuneration, imply that even fresh recruitment is not without its challenges.
what this means is that the proposed reforms by finance minister arunjaitley are no longer a matter of choice, but a necessity.
without a structural overhaul, the ongoing clean-up may lead to  as deepak parekh, chairman of the hdfc group, has so evocatively described  too much anaesthesia that renders the patient comatose.
b'arun arunjaitley monday said the matter should be left to the courts and if anything is wrong or improper, the judiciary will take a view on it.
pti photo arunjaitley monday said the matter should be left to the courts and if anything is wrong or improper, the judiciary will take a view on it.
pti photowith opposition alleging dilution of terror cases against right wing groups under modi government, union minister arunjaitley monday said the matter should be left to the courts and if anything is wrong or improper, the judiciary will take a view on it.
he also hit back at congress, accusing it of using investigation agencies when upa was in power for fabricating chargesheets and said in each of these cases, courts discharged the accused even without a trial.
in an interaction with journalists organised by indian womens press corps, he also brushed aside the charge that bjp-ruled states were revising text books to ignore icons associated with opposition parties and said the allegation is made whenever the saffron party is power.
asked about congress allegations on dropping of charges against sadhvi pragya thakur and others in malegaon blasts, he said, these are legal matters which are based on quality of evidence available.
these are matters ultimately over which courts will have to take a view.
the charge sheet will go to court.
if anything is wrong or improper i am sure courts will take a view.
he, however, used the opportunity to hit back at the upa and also took a dig at media, saying it was overgenerous when some of these chargesheets were filed by probe agencies during the manmohan singh government.
the manner in which investigation agencies were used, some of them, the manner in which credibility of some of the agencies declined i think was a record low, the finance minister said.
as the then leader of opposition in the rajya sabha, he had written to singh about these cases and how chargesheets were fabricated.
in each of the cases i referred to, each case without a single exception the courts did not even frame the charge.
they discharged the accused even without a trial.
the discharge took place not under nda, but when upa was in power, in some of them, he said.
watch indian express videos herethough he did not speak about these cases, arunjaitley had targeted the then upa government over criminal cases against amit shah, now bjp president, in alleged fake encounter probe.
shah later received a clean chit.
to a poser about text book revisions, he said, i do not subscribe to that allegation at all.
every time a revision takes place, the charge is normally made.
when explanation comes, they present a contrary picture.
without examining it i will not get into details.
b'assam attack: the damaged shops after unidentified terrorists armed with assault rifles and grenades attacked a market at kokrajhar in assam on friday.
pti photo assam attack: the damaged shops after unidentified terrorists armed with assault rifles and grenades attacked a market at kokrajhar in assam on friday.
pti photounion home minister rajnath singh on friday chaired a high-level meeting to review internal security situation in the country including kashmir and in assam where ndfb-s militants shot dead 14 people in kokrajhar.
the meeting attended among others by finance minister arunjaitley , defence minister manohar parrikar, national security advisor a k doval took stock of the situation on the internal security front with a focus on kashmir, where life has remained paralysed for last 27 days after hizbul mujahideen terrorist burhan wani was killed in an encounter on july 8.
later in the day, singh had another round of 30-minute meeting with doval where he was apprised about the morning attack believed to be handiwork of national democratic front of bodoland (ndfb-s), which is past has been involved in series of massacre in region.
the modus-operandi of the bodo militants this time was to wear a mask akin to isis in order to mislead the probe teams, official sources said.
one of the attackers was killed in retaliatory action by security forces and was subsequently identified to be a member of ndfb-s insurgent group.
twelve people died on the spot when the militants who came in a van around 12.
30 pm opened fire.
two more people died on their way to the hospital.
read more: govt confirms ndfb(s) hand in assam attackprime minister narendra modi and home minister rajnath spoke to assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal separately and offered any kind of assistance that is required to nab the culprits behind the gruesome killing of innocent civilians.
the assam government has decided to grant an ex-gratia of rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased and rs 1 lakh to those injured.
watch video: whats making newsthe meeting also took stock of the situation in the kashmir valley which has been witnessing violence since july nine in which 51 people have been injured so far while over 2000 received injuries.
meanwhile on kokrajhar incident, minister of state for home kiren rijiju termed it as an unfortunate and said we have to ascertain who are exactly the people behind this dastardly act.
this incident is very unfortunate and has given us a shock, rijiju said, adding that peace was returning to the bodoland.
a bill to enable exit of rbi from nabard and increase authorised capital of the development institution six times to rs 30,000 crore was introduced in the lok sabha on wednesday.
the national bank for agriculture and rural development (amendment) bill, 2017 introduced by finance minister arunjaitley also seeks to amend certain clauses in the light of reference of the micro, small and medium enterprises development act, 2006 and the companies act, 2013 in the proposed legislation.
as per the statement of objects and reasons, the bill proposes to empower the central government to increase authorised capital of the national bank for agriculture and rural development bank (nabard) from rs 5,000 crore to rs 30,000 crore.
increase in authorised capital will happen in consultation with the reserve bank of india (rbi) as deemed necessary from time to time, it said.
besides, it would also enable the transfer the rbis balance equity of rs 22 crore in the bank to the central government.
rbi currently holds 0.
4 per cent of the paid-up capital of nabard and the remaining 99.
6 per cent is held by the central government and this causes conflict in the central banks role as banking regulator and shareholder in nabard.
rbi sold almost all its holding in nabard to the central government in 2010.
the national bank for agriculture and rural development act was enacted in 1981 for setting up of a development bank to be known as nabard for providing and regulating credit and other facilities for the promotion and development of agriculture, small-scale industries, handicrafts in rural areas for promoting integrated rural development.
the proposed increase in authorised capital would enable nabard to respond to commitments it has undertaken, particularly in respect of the long term irrigation fund and the recent cabinet decision regarding on-lending to cooperative banks.
further, it will enable nabard to augment its business and enhance its activities which would facilitate promotion of integrated rural development and securing prosperity of rural areas including generation of more employment.
the government is of the considered opinion that beacons on vehicles are perceived as symbols of vip culture and have no place in a democratic country, said the ministry of road, transport and highways in a statement.
the government is of the considered opinion that beacons on vehicles are perceived as symbols of vip culture and have no place in a democratic country, said the ministry of road, transport and highways in a statement.
the union cabinet on wednesday decided to ban the use of red beacons on all vip vehicles, including those of the president, vice-president and prime minister, from may 1.
emergency services, like ambulances and fire brigade, will be allowed to use blue beacons.
from may 1, no person in the country will be able to put a red light on their vehicles.
the government is of the considered opinion that beacons on vehicles are perceived as symbols of vip culture and have no place in a democratic country, said the ministry of road, transport and highways in a statement.
it hailed the decision as a historic step towards strengthening healthy democratic values.
this government is a government of the common masses, and has decided to abolish the vip culture of beacon lights and sirens, said road and transport minister nitin gadkari.
during the cabinet meeting, prime minister narendra modi is learnt to have announced that rule 108 (i) and 108 (ii) of the motor vehicles act, which allow central and state governments to permit red beacons for dignitaries, would be scrapped.
sources said the matter was not listed in the agenda, and modi made the announcement in the middle of the meeting.
every indian is special.
every indian is a vip, he later tweeted.
it should have gone long ago.
glad that today a strong beginning has been made these symbols are out of touch with the spirit of new india.
besides the president, vice-president and prime minister, many other dignitaries like the lok sabha speaker, chief justice of india, governors, chief ministers, chief justices of high courts, supreme court judges and leader of opposition are currently allowed red beacons.
earlier, the supreme court had also asked all state governments to restrict the list of vips who are allowed beacons on their vehicles.
some state governments have already barred the use of red beacons.
in punjab, for instance, soon after winning the assembly polls, chief minister captain amarinder singh decided to remove red beacons from all government vehicles, including those of the chief minister and all ministers.
in uttar pradesh too, chief minister yogi adityanath ordered that no state minister would be allowed to use red beacons on their vehicles.
and in delhi, chief minister chief minister arvind kejriwal had said that no state minister or official would use red beacons.
finance minister arunjaitley tabling the union budget for 2017-18 in the parliament in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo/tv grab finance minister arunjaitley tabling the union budget for 2017-18 in the parliament in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo/tv graba series of consultations were held between the government and top rbi functionaries on demonetisation since february last year, before the central bank board took a formal decision and conveyed it to the government which took the final call, rajya sabha was informed today.
he said that in may 2016, the rbi board took a decision on printing currency of higher denomination as a replacement to demonetised currency.
consultations at a very senior level with the rbi on this issue had started way back in the month of february 2016 itself.
the rbi board in the month of may 2016, as a part of these consultations, had decided to go in for and approve the design and taken the decision with regard to the high denomination currency which was required to be printed as a replacement currency itself.
also read: pm narendra modis marathon speech in lok sabha: fight is for poor, interests of nation supremethereafter a series of meetings used to be held periodically, at times on a defined day once a week, where the seniors in the rbi as also in the government were in consultation.
because the decision had to be kept in utmost secrecy, it is for this particular reason that these were not put into public domain, arunjaitley informed the rajya sabha during question hour.
replying to supplementaries, the finance minister said the formal decision in this regard with this background was taken by the rbi on november 8, but this had been preceded by a series of discussions which had started way back in february 2016 itself.
to a specific question on whether it was the rbi that took the decision of its own or did the government tell it to do so, he said, the rbi board met and independently applied its mind and made a receommendation to government.
b'releasing a crisil report on financial inclusion and pension in india, he said that even though it has indicated that the country has come a long way, it is still far away from where it should be today.
(file) releasing a crisil report on financial inclusion and pension in india, he said that even though it has indicated that the country has come a long way, it is still far away from where it should be today.
conventionally it was considered that only in the structured government employment, pension was the responsibility of the state, he said.
but the state resources also have their limitations.
therefore, the evolution of the whole concept of pension and its expansion today is the kind of evolution you have to invest in your future, he added.
releasing a crisil report on financial inclusion and pension in india, he said that even though it has indicated that the country has come a long way, it is still far away from where it should be today.
in the last few years, we have been making conscious efforts by the government also to nudge this whole process.
but we are still far away from where we should be and if we dont catch up in accordance with the requirement of the society, a day would not be far when we are faced with serious challenges of large sections of our senior citizens who are devoid of any security, he was quoted as saying by pti.
he said that going by recent indication, indias growth will be reasonably higher compared to other countries of the world.
individual incomes are going to increase and therefore will be more scope to invest for secure retirement, he added.
pfrda chairman hemant g contractor said that his office is considering an auto-enrolment system under the national pension system (nps) with an element of soft compulsion, in which all the employees working in government identified sector/industries in unorganised sector would be automatically covered unless they choose to opt out.
he said pfrda will ensure to take all steps to increase the outreach of nps and atal pension yojana (apy) to meet the mandate under pfrda act.
amarinder singh with arunjaitley in delhi on thursday.
amarinder singh with arunjaitley in delhi on thursday.
punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh called on prime minister narendra modi and the union finance minister in new delhi wednesday to discuss his various demands, which include central assistance to waive off loans of debt-ridden farmers in the state as was promised in uttar pradesh and reducing the rate of interest on the states debt.
the meeting with the prime minister, which took place over lunch at parliament house, was described as positive by a senior official.
the cm, who was accompanied by punjabs finance minister manpreet singh badal and chief principal secretary suresh kumar, is learnt to have sought a special package for a one-time loan waiver as was promised to up.
a few days ago, union agriculture minister radha mohan singh gave a statement that the bjp would waive off loans of debt-ridden farmers.
the punjab government impressed upon the pm that if up farmers would be given the benefit of a loan waiver, punjab farmers too should be considered, said a punjab government official.
in a representation to the pm, the cm said the total farm debt in punjab amounted to more than rs 80,000 crore, including crop loans in the cooperative sector to the tune of rs 12,500 crore.
on average, the debt on every farming household in punjab worked out to be rs 8 lakh, the letter stated.
the states per hectare debt of small and marginal farmers was the highest in india, stated the cm while seeking central assistance citing farmer suicides.
later, a statement by the chief ministers office said, captain amarinder lamented the problem had become so severe that many farmers were driven to suicide to escape the social and moral consequences of not being able to repay debts.
with the institutional sources of credit unable to provide much-needed respite, especially to marginal and small farmers, there was a need to review the central governments agricultural policies.
after meeting modi, singh told the media it was a courtesy call.
he also met finance minister arun jaitely.
a statement by cmo said arunjaitley assured singh he would direct the rbi to ensure all arrangements for wheat procurement in the state were in place by march 25.
b'if the right to law-making and budget-making goes out of here, it will weaken the parliamentary democracy as well as democracy itself, the leader of the upper house warned.
pti photo if the right to law-making and budget-making goes out of here, it will weaken the parliamentary democracy as well as democracy itself, the leader of the upper house warned.
pti photoas rajya sabha bade farewell to 53 retiring members, the house saw voices against the alleged encroachment by judiciary on the rights of legislature, with finance minister arunjaitley pressing the need for preserving the supremacy of parliament in the making of law and budgets.
this house (rajya sabha) and the lok sabha has the primacy in law-making and budget-making.
if the right to law-making and budget-making goes out of here, it will weaken the parliamentary democracy as well as democracy itself, the leader of the upper house warned.
he said the seriousness of this issue has to be considered by all segments of the society.
read | judiciary is destroying legislature brick by brick: arun jaitleyi believe that the maturity of insititutions in the country will one day decide the way forward keeping the logic of constitution-makers in mind, the minister said.
the comments came just two days after he made some scathing remarks in the house against the judiciary, saying it was step by step, brick by brick encroaching upon the legislature.
his remarks had come after the supreme court had directed the government to set up an additional fund, besides the ndrf and sdrf, for drought mitigation.
jaitleys views were echoed by some other members in the rajya sabha.
samajwadi party leader ram gopal yadav said parliament members are concerned over encroachment on legislatures rights by judiciary.
constitution, he said, has given parliament the right to legislate laws and make budget.
if that is done by the judiciary, what is the relevance of parliament, the retiring member wondered and said the issue should be discussed during the next monsoon session.
parliamentary honour, strength and supremacy has to be maintained, he said.
constitution has drawn clear lines.
bsp chief mayawati, an arch rival of samajwadi party, also raked up the issue and said we should act unitedly, especially on important issues and rise above political affiliations.
we would have to look within why judiciary is taking advantage, she said.
senior sad leader sukhdev singh dhindsa made a case for special session of parliament to discuss judical reforms.
b'prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley and commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman launching the startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley and commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman launching the startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
(pti photo)to promote a culture of entrepreneurship, the government on saturday announced a slew of incentives including a rs 10,000-crore corpus for innovation-driven enterprises, a three-year break from paying income tax on profits, a rs 500-crore per year credit guarantee mechanism, and exemption from capital gains tax for start-ups.
after a full day of discussions at the launch of the start-up india programme attended by hundreds of young entrepreneurs, prime minister narendra modi unveiled his governments action plan to help entrepreneurs, and asked them to play a transformative role in indias development.
we have millions of problems.
there is no denying that.
but we also have a billion minds.
and these billion minds will easily find the solutions to the millions of problems, modi said in an hour-long address.
modi had spoken about launching the start-up india programme in his independence day address last year.
promising minimum interference from government, he said start-ups would be able to self-certify their compliance with nine labour and environmental laws without being inspected, and would receive faster approvals  within a day  through a mobile app that is in the making.
the prime minister invited the entrepreneurs to partner the government in the development process, and asked them to look beyond the realm of information technology.
start-up is not just about mobiles and laptops start-up does not only mean a company with billions of dollars of money and 2,000 employees.
if it is able to provide employment to even five people, it would help in taking the country forward.
young people have to change their mindsets from being job seekers to try and become job creators.
once you become a job creator, you will realise that you are transforming lives, he said.
there are some steps which can be taken by notifications, which would be taken forthwith.
others require legislative provisions which can only come as part of the finance bill when the next budget is presented, he said, amidst cheers from the audience.
the cheers grew louder when modi spoke in the evening, with young entrepreneurs applauding each measure being announced.
he spent considerable time talking about the need to reform the patent regime in the country.
he said his government was working on ensuring faster registration of patents, and bringing in a new scheme for the protection of intellectual property rights.
the government will set up facilitation centres in several cities to provide free legal support and other assistance to small businesses in filing patent applications.
there is a need to blend intellectual property (ip) with youth property (yp).
we will also give 80 per cent rebate in patent registration fees for start-ups vis--vis other companies, modi said.
another step the prime minister stressed on was ensuring a faster exit arrangement for start-ups that want close their businesses.
he said businesses would be able to wind up within 90 days, and suitable provision will be made in the bankruptcy and insolvency bill that is currently in parliament.
government procurement norms are also proposed to be relaxed to ensure that start-ups are able to participate and compete with other established businesses.
the requirements for minimum turnovers and minimum operating years would be brought down to benefit the start-ups.
modi, however, said that there would not be any compromise with quality.
the zero-effect, zero-defect formula will still apply, he said.
new policies to help women entrepreneurs, a credit guarantee scheme, sector-specific incubators, and the establishment of bio-clusters for the biotech sector are some of the other highlights of the action plan.
the prime minister said that in line with the exemption available to venture capital funds to invest in start-ups above the fair market value (fmv), investments by incubators above the fmv should also be exempted.
he said the centre would provide 40 per cent funding support, up to rs 10 crore, for setting up new incubators, while states and the private sector would provide 40 per cent and 20 per cent respectively.
b'while we are defying that trend, for the first time in history, we are coming out much better than the rest of the world, having missed so many historical opportunities, said arun jaitley.
while we are defying that trend, for the first time in history, we are coming out much better than the rest of the world, having missed so many historical opportunities, said arun jaitley.
giving credit to an aspirational society for forcing politicians to support reforms, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday said indian economy has defied global slowdown and geo-political tensions and is now poised to seize the opportunity to grow faster.
he, however, regretted that while the developed world has been able to control population surge, india has been missing on its population stabilisation target.
he said the whole world is in a slowdown mode in which if a country is growing by 1.
5-2 per cent, it has a sense of satisfaction that it is not in a negative zone.
india, of course, is defying that trend.
while we are defying that trend, for the first time in history, we are coming out much better than the rest of the world, having missed so many historical opportunities, he said at the convocation ceremony of the o p jindal global university.
while some are facing job losses, other parts of the world are affected bygeo-political crises  refugees and terrorism.
india because of conventional thinking has occasionally lost the opportunity, we missed the bus when it came to the industrial revolution  the americans and europeans grabbed the opportunity.
when the technology revolution took place, we missed the bus, he said.
according to the finance minister, there is a strong public opinion in india that the country needs to grow.
both two landmark legislations back to back  the bankruptcy and gst  have been passed unanimously and one of the factors why these laws have passed unanimously is that there is a very strong public opinion which has been inflicted upon politicians that we dont want now to go slow and miss this opportunity, he explained.
the international monetary fund (imf) had last month cut global growth forecast for 2017 by 0.
1 percentage point to 3.
4 per cent.
it projected india to grow at 7.
4 per cent in 2016 and 2017.
jaitley highlighted services sector as the main strength of the economy while india tries to increase its manufacturing output.
jaitley said a law alone could not solve the problem of black money but efforts would have to be made to create fear of law.
jaitley said a law alone could not solve the problem of black money but efforts would have to be made to create fear of law.
stressing there has been good progress in the probe into the panama papers leaks, finance minister arunjaitley warned people with undisclosed income not to miss the chance under the income disclosure scheme, ending september 30, to come clean and pay tax and penalty.
since its the benami law like the black money law, there has to be a deterrent provision, which we have put it in this particular law, and i hope people get the clear signal and dont give the state an opportunity as far as using this law is concerned, he said.
there are many people who have illegal accounts, there are some who say they have transfered money on the basis of rbi rules.
that investigation has progressed a lot, he said.
the bill is aimed at seizing benami property and prosecuting those involved.
the government was bringing amendments as a new legislation would mean penal provisions couldnt be applied retrospectively and those guilty of violations would have gone scot-free.
fiduciary and trustee holding is allowed but the investment should be made from known sources, he said.
the law also provides for genuine property purchases that might have been funded by family members or other sources such as a loan.
the government has accepted most of the views of the standing committee, including replacing the term known sources of income with known sources with regard to purchase of property.
property outside the country will not be covered under the benami law but will be dealt with under the black money law.
women voters outnumber male voters in bhoranj women voters outnumber male voters in bhoranjafter its victory in up and uttarakhand, the bjp is focused on the victory margin at the end of the campaign for the bhoranj bypoll on april 9.
however, the congress is confident of giving a tough fight to the bjp.
the bjp, which is expecting a victory in the bhoranj bypoll, has mobilised a party machinery.
the state assembly elections are only six months away.
the party said there was already a wave of change sweeping the states.
the cases against chief minister virbhadra singh, including the cbis chargesheet filed in a delhi trial court, has further given a boost to the partys morale.
the chief minister spent two days in the constituency in the second leg of the campaign, which ended on friday.
the has bjp made corruption, nepotism in jobs, mafia raj (mainly transfer mafia) and regional discrimination as its major poll plank.
the seat had fallen vacant after the demise of bjps ishwar dass dhiman, a former education minister who had won six elections consecutively in this constituency.
the constituency has the highest density of roads in asia, the credit for which is mostly given to former cm prem kumar dhumal, fondly called as sadakon wala mukhya-mantri.
to encash on dhimans legacy, the bjp has fielded his son dr anil dhiman who resigned from his government job to step into the shoes of his father.
addressing the women voters during his campaign on friday, dhumal said: when you go to vote for the bypoll please forget that you are electing dr anil dhiman for the next six months.
you are indeed opening a window for the bjps return to power in the polls.
the writings on the walls are clear.
april 9 will mark the end of the mafia raj.
just press the lotus button to take revenge against those who have taken bribes for transfers.
the bjp also advised the chief minister to take a break from power and face the cases against him and come clean instead of blaming dhumal, bjp mp anurag thakur and union minister arunjaitley for political vendetta.
during his poll rallies, chief minister virbhadra singh spoke more about fielding woman candidate promila, an educated dalit.
he also lashed out at the bjp for playing-up the regional card and perpetuating dynasty politics by giving ticket to dhimans son.
virbhadra reaffirmed his resolve to fight back conspiracy of the bjp leaders to frame him in baseless, false and fabricated cases.
the women voters who outnumber the men in this constituency play a crucial role in the polls.
the total number of voters at bhoranj are 73,485 out of which 35,692 are men and 37,843 women.
there are 2,234 service votes, including 1,872 men and 362 women.
thus, the total number of votes will be 75,719 out of which 37,514 are men and 38,205 are women.
union minister jitendra singh on sunday said state governments should not take any steps that encourages anti-nationalism.
(source: express photo) union minister jitendra singh on sunday said state governments should not take any steps that encourages anti-nationalism.
(source: express photo)union minister jitendra singh on sunday said state governments should not take any steps which demoralise the nationalistic forces and encourages people who work against the national interest.
as far as bjp is concerned our stand is always clear that any work or decision should not be made which encourages anti-national forces and the nationalists get demoralised, singh told reporters.
watch what else is in the newsthe union minister of state for pmo was replying to a question on the decision of the jammu and kashmir government to provide compensation to the family members of those killed or injured during last years unrest in the valley.
singh said the state government should work on raj dharma, without caring for any religion or region.
i feel that without caring about religion or region the government must concentrate on raj dharma which says that the country is more important.
any decision that encourages the anti-national forces should not be taken, singh said.
speaking in the state assembly on january 9, chief minister mehbooba mufti had said, they are our own children and we have to ensure their rehabilitation.
we have kept an amount of rs 5 lakh ex-gratia as compensation for the next of kin in case of deaths.
in any such extreme case, the government is committed to provide jobs to the next of kin to these families and the children who have lost their eyesight.
our government is ready to provide jobs to their family members, she said, adding that those having permanent disability will get rs 75,000.
on the contentious issue of the settlement of immigrants from bangladesh and myanmar in jammu, the union minister said people who raise objection to the grant of state subject to west pakistan refugees must make their stand clear on the issue.
i feel that the government has taken cognisance and will take measures as it is important in a state where the issue of state subject is shown so much concern.
the west pakistan refugees are not given state subject then how can one tolerate that people from other countries settle here, singh said.
the people who make tall claims on the issue of state subjects should clear their stand (on the settlement of immigrants in jammu), he said.
on the implementation of gst in jammu and kashmir, singh said the union finance minister has been holding talks with finance ministers of all states and reservations, if any, are being addressed.
for the implementation of gst, meetings are being held by finance minister arunjaitley with state finance ministers and clarification is being made on differences, if any, singh said.
he said as far as gst is concerned, it is going to benefit the states.
to attract investment it is necessary to create incentives.
if disincentives are created then new investments will not come but those which have set up businesses here will find another alternative, he said.
b'arvind kejriwal arvind kejriwalthe delhi high court monday reserved its order on chief minister arvind kejriwals plea for stay on the proceedings before a trial court in a criminal defamation case filed against him and other aap leaders by finance minister arun jaitley.
the judgment is reserved, justice p s teji said after counsel for both parties concluded their arguments on the plea challenging the trial courts may 19 order by which it had turned down the chief ministers request to adjourn hearing on a criminal defamation case before it, till the high court decided the civil suit before it.
senior advocate ram jethmalani, appearing for kejriwal, submitted there were two cases  one civil and the other criminal  and argued that the power to stay can be exercised by postponing the matter also.
opposing the contention, senior advocates harish salve and siddharth luthra  representing arunjaitley  said that in todays world, the words used are more powerful than a sword.
luthra said, no prejudice would be caused to the aap leaders if both the civil suit before high court and the criminal proceedings before the trial court go contemporaneously.
babri masjid demolition case: finance minister arunjaitley arrives for a press conference after cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo by vijay kumar joshi) babri masjid demolition case: finance minister arunjaitley arrives for a press conference after cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
his comments came hours after the supreme court observed that bharti and other senior bjp leaders, including l k advani and m m joshi, will be tried for criminal conspiracy in the 1992 babri masjid demolition case.
this case is going on since 1993.
somehow it is going on and no new situation has arisen.
so the situation which was prevailing will continue, arunjaitley is quoted as saying by news agency pti.
when asked whether the leaders should resign after the chargesheet is filed, he added, there have been ministers, there have been deputy prime ministers if charge sheet is the rule (to resign), then just calculate, how many congress chief ministers will (have to go).
for more on the scs ruling, click here.
the apex court on wednesday ruled that 14 people who were previously acquitted of charges under criminal conspiracy will be tried in a lucknow court.
this includes vinay katiyar, sadhvi ritambara, satish pradhan, champat rai bansal, apart from previously mentioned bjp leaders.
kalyan singh, who was the uttar pradesh chief minister at the time of the demolition, will also be tried after his tenure as the rajasthan governor ends as he currently enjoys constitutional immunity.
jaitley was also questioned about the resignation of kalyan singh.
the sc has also ordered the cbi to ensure that witnesses are produced in court everyday so that there is no delay in the babri demolition case trial.
the trial will have to be completed in two years.
separately, when asked whether the verdict will impact the selection of candidates for the posts of president and vice president, arunjaitley dismissed it as hypothetical, reported pti.
advani and joshi are rumoured to be in the running for the two top constitutional posts after president pranab mukherjees tenure ends on july 24 and vice president hamid ansaris on august 10.
b'andhra pradesh cm, chandrababu naidu.
(express photo by nirmal harindran/file) andhra pradesh cm, chandrababu naidu.
(express photo by nirmal harindran/file)andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on friday reiterated his demand for a special category status, underlining that the state will only be financially stable if all assurances given in the andhra pradesh reorganisation act, 2014, were fulfilled and implemented.
even after 4 years of bifurcation, ap is suffering.
congress faced the wrath of people as they did injustice, now people are thinking if bjp will follow the same course.
we accepted special assistance as the centre said there are problems with special category status, naidu was quoted as saying by ani.
he was addressing the tdp parliamentary board meeting.
the centre is giving special category status to other states.
how?
in such a case, we too need scs.
ysrcp is speaking of scs, but leaving rest 18 points.
scs alone is not enough, all points in the act must be implemented.
only then ap will be financially stable, he said while maintaining that the state was given a raw deal and it is encountering problems.
in september last year, naidu had accepted the special package announced by finance minister arun jaitley.
for the first time, naidu, however, directly raised the special status issue last week, saying that the special category status is the states right and that they will continue to fight for it.
he further said that in the last three-and-a-half years, andhra pradesh achieved a lot of growth, but it would have done much better had all the promises made in parliament were fulfilled.
also read | broken promise, funds crunch: why andhra cm n chandrababu naidu is angrythe ruling tdp has been forced to take a tough stand on the special category status issue after the opposition ysrcp has stepped up its campaign.
since the union budget was presented, leaders of the tdp and bjp have been trading accusations over central assistance, with the former alleging that andhra pradesh had been ignored.
cm had also threatened to bring a no-confidence motion against the centre in parliament to demand justice, albeit as a last resort.
b'aiib leadership has demonstrated its willingness to assume a pan-asian approach that is not driven solely by the chinese agenda.
aiib leadership has demonstrated its willingness to assume a pan-asian approach that is not driven solely by the chinese agenda.
lack of infrastructure, poor intra-regional and regional connectivity and almost negligible amenities in urban spaces are some of the major challenges afflicting several countries of asia.
the asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib) has been projected as an asian tool to deal with such challenges that have stunted the growth prospects of several asian economies.
member countries have made some progress to expedite the funding of programmes.
during the first-ever annual meeting of the board of governors of aiib, held in late june this year in beijing, representatives from 57 prospective founding member countries, including finance minister arunjaitley , attended the inaugural meeting and approved first four aiib-funded projects.
these projects are: bangladeshs power distribution system upgrade and expansion project; indonesias national slum upgrading project (co-financed with the world bank); pakistans national motorway m-4 (shorkot-khanewal section) project (co-financed with the adb) and; tajikistans dushanbe-uzbekistan border road improvement project (co-financed with the european bank for reconstruction and development).
together, these projects are worth us$ 509 million.
it may be noted that aiib will solely fund and monitor the bangladesh project.
it will fund a new energy grid providing electricity to about 12.
5 million bangladeshis.
by approving the bangladesh project, aiib leadership has demonstrated its willingness to assume a pan-asian approach that is not driven solely by the chinese agenda.
china does not seem to indicate that aiib is entirely linked to its one belt, one road (obor) initiative and that china would only push for projects linking it to other countries as in the case of pakistan and tajik projects.
india is expected to gain directly if its investment proposals get approved.
focus on enhancing connectivity and infrastructure within the country and with countries in the neighbourhood is critical.
sub-regional projects such as bangladesh-bhutan-india-nepal (bbin) corridor and inter-regional projects such as india-asean rail and road connectivity projects need huge funding.
aiib may prove instrumental in developing infrastructure in that context.
india is seeking us$ 2-3 billion from aiib for urban development, railways, and energy sectors.
india is striving to develop its north-eastern region, a goal which can be swiftly achieved through greater regional cooperation and the support of multilateral funding agencies.
for this purpose, india may consider pushing bbin and the bay of bengal initiative for multi-sectoral, technical and economic cooperation (bimstec) corridors under its aiib proposals.
bimstec countries are way below the global connectivity and infrastructure standards and are in need of huge and speedy investments.
linking indias eastern ports with south-east asia has been long overdue.
this can plug gaps in indias comprehensive maritime engagement with the east and south-east asian countries under the act east policy.
the chances that aiib will approve projects put forth by india are high.
china wants india to be a part of the obor.
most of the projects funded by aiib are likely to be linked to obor in the long-run as stated by the chinese vice-premier zhang gaoli.
thus, aiib cannot be seen in isolation.
though india is a member of aiib, it has not shown a willingness to be a part of the obor.
apprehensions vis--vis the transparency of the obor agenda, challenges related to equitable benefits for all, the proposed china-pakistan economic corridor which would pass through pakistan-occupied kashmir, and chinas repeated incursions into indian territory are major factors shaping indias stand on obor.
it is vital for china to prove to the other members that it will not attempt to dominate the aiib and that aiib will not follow chinas no strings attached approach in funding projects.
given that china is the largest shareholder with 26.
06 per cent voting shares, members apprehensions are not baseless.
india and russia are the second and third largest shareholders with 7.
5 and 5.
92 percent voting shares respectively.
the gap between the first and second shareholder might tempt china to use its veto power on a particular project.
clearly, the member countries have to adhere to the rigorous project selection criteria following international best practices and show caution in approving territorially sensitive projects.
india is likely to gain by being an active member of the aiib.
its presence is not only crucial in making the bank a success but is also vital in improving infrastructure in the indian subcontinent and beyond.
in order to make full use of the opportunities provided by the aiib, new delhi needs to come up with realistic and economically viable projects.
b'vijay mallya vijay mallyapollster prashant kishor is facing resistance in the congress not just from local bosses in uttar pradesh and punjab, but also from a section of the central leadership.
a popular misconception is that it is the congress old guard whose noses are out of joint because of kishors entry, when, in fact, it is rahul gandhis one-time close aides who feel sidelined.
ajay maken, c p joshi, mohan prakash, madhusudan mistry and randeep surjewala all feel kishor is intruding into their space.
for instance, kishor has already started preparing a constituency-wise analysis in up, a task earlier entrusted to mistry.
the buzz is that surjewala could be asked to get approval from kishor before he takes any poll-related decision.
the man actively promoting kishor is rahuls close aide k raju.
he is the link between kishor and the party.
raju, along with rahul and kishor, was present at meetings with up and punjab leaders.
kishor knows that knives will be out if he doesnt swing a victory for the party in these two states.
common interestfinance minister arunjaitley and imf managing director christine lagarde met in delhi last week at the imfs advancing asia conference.
the two hit it off since they have much in common.
both were well-known lawyers before joining politics, both have been finance ministers of their respective countries, and both talk of economic reforms.
they share another interest: shawls.
jaitley is a connoisseur of kashmiri shawls, particularly jamawars, and has a large collection.
at lagardes request, jaitleys wife sangeeta sent her shawl seller to the imf md, who finds indian shawls unique.
canine menaceafter earning notoriety for pollution and the high incidence of rapes, another black mark against the capital is the danger of bites by stray dogs.
last week, famous israeli indologist david shulman was bitten by a dog in jnu.
doctors abroad suggested he fly out of the country immediately since he was unable to procure the latest anti-rabies treatment, hrig (human rabies immuno globulin) injection, which generates antibodies instantly.
in india, the treatment usually involves four or five injections of rabitur, which generates antibodies to the disease only after seven to 10 days.
fortunately, shulman finally got hrig at a hospital in gurgaon.
human rights firstminister of women and child development maneka gandhis demand that bjp mla ganesh joshi, who is accused of causing a police horse in dehradun to lose its leg, should be expelled from the party is justifiable.
but several measures introduced by the animal rights campaigner with the sanction of courts are increasingly seen as anti-human.
the dog and monkey menace in delhi and other cities has escalated dramatically.
there are 8,000 dog bites a day in delhi alone.
because of the fear of gandhi and the courts, the civic authorities refuse to put to sleep or re-locate stray dogs who are known to bite.
some years ago, when their neighbour in jor bagh mounted a horse as part of his wedding baraat, gandhis sister, ambica, threatened to call the police, accusing the family of cruelty to animals.
shrewd adviserssome leading lights of the indian business community were obviously more clued in than our banks on the murky state of affairs of vijay mallyas business empire.
a few years ago, former cabinet secretary naresh chandra and leading banker deepak parekh avoided joining the board of any of mallyas companies.
chandra and parekh were non-executive advisory board members of one of the worlds leading liquor companies, diageo.
the company had formed an advisory council of indians when it bought shares in mallyas company.
chandra and parekh were offered directorships in the company which manufactures kingfisher beer but they politely declined.
tit for tatthe cancellation of the indo-pakistan match in dharamshala may be due to a long-standing rivalry between two powerful political dynasties of the state.
chief minister virbhadra singh tacitly encouraged ex-servicemen to mount a campaign against a visit by the pakistan cricket team to snub anurag thakur, a bjp mp and bcci secretary who is the son of former cm prem kumar dhumal.
singh has not forgiven the centre for sending the cbi to raid his house on his daughters wedding day.
b'finance minister arunjaitley sharing a word with union ministers power minister piyush goyal, harsh vardhan, jitender singh after a cabinet meeting at south block in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo finance minister arunjaitley sharing a word with union ministers power minister piyush goyal, harsh vardhan, jitender singh after a cabinet meeting at south block in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photothe cabinet on wednesday approved the closure of itdcs janpath hotel in the national capital and the property will now be used for setting up government offices.
the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by the prime minister narendra modi, today gave in-principle approval for the transfer of property of hotel janpath to the ministry of urban development.
hotel janpath is located in a prime central location of the city.
the property can be considered for construction of government offices and similar purposes which would save government funds spent in hiring of government offices, an official statement said.
the decision to close down hotel janpath was taken by the government within a month of deciding to exit three itdc hotels at bhopal, guwahati and bharatpur.
the committee of secretaries, under the cabinet secretary, will take a decision on details of implementation of the project and land use.
the building of hotel janpath has to undergo major rehabilitation work since the building structure of hotel janpath has been found to be unserviceable, in distressed condition and deficit in the context of seismic requirements, according to the inspection report of iit roorkee, the statement said.
the government has initiated the process of disinvestment of hotels/properties of the india tourism development corporation (itdc) as it feels that running and managing hotels on professional lines is not the work of the government or its entities.
as part of the disinvestment policy, it has been decided to lease/sub-lease the hotels/properties jointly with the states concerned or return the properties to them, after fair valuation.
states would then have the option to upgrade and operate the motels by involving the private sector or to utilise the properties as per their requirements.
in the first stage, it was decided to disinvest three hotels  hotel lake view ashok, bhopal, hotel brahmaputra ashok, guwahati and hotel bharatpur ashok.
closure of hotel janpath, new delhi, was decided today.
shares of itdc closed at rs 516.
80, down 6.
69 per cent, on bse.
indian express paper, may 10, 1977.
indian express paper, may 10, 1977.
us president jimmy carter has written to prime minister morarji desai, suggesting a dialogue between america and india.
the initiative comes in the wake of several official and unofficial messages from america for a closer relationship between the two biggest democracies in the world.
carter praised desais speech at the co-ordinating bureau of non-aligned countries.
desai had said india will remain non-aligned in the real sense of the term and that non-aligned members should so conduct themselves as not to give the impression that they were a bloc like any other bloc.
desai had also said: the struggle for true independence of the human spirit must go on until the right to liberty in a new world order becomes a universal phenomenon.
indias relationship with the us had deteriorated in the wake of washingtons tilt towards pakistan during the bangladesh war.
oil in kaveri basinthe canadian asamera group has spudded its first offshore oil well in the kaveri basin, off the tuticorin coast.
the asamera group had been offered the continental shelf block covering the kaveri basin for offshore oil exploration.
the group has a 35 per cent partnership with the asamera company in the venture.
cfd in janata paneljagjivan ram and h.n. bahuguna, leaders of the congress for democracy (cfd), were appointed members of the janata party working committee.
janata president chandra shekhar also appointed rama krishna hegde the fifth general secretary of the party.
the others are: nanaji deshmukh, madhu limaye, rabi ray and singh nahar.
jaitley quitsarun arunjaitley , student leader, resigned from the working committee of the janata party.
he expressed gratitude to chandra shekhar but requested to be relieved as he desires to work in the vidyarthi parishad.
b'sharad pawar added, i have been informed that there are old notes of the face value of rs 112 crore across several district cooperative banks, which have not been replaced.
we will meet finance minister arunjaitley to raise the issue.
(file) sharad pawar added, i have been informed that there are old notes of the face value of rs 112 crore across several district cooperative banks, which have not been replaced.
we will meet finance minister arunjaitley to raise the issue.
(file)the district cooperative banks, which failed to get their old currencies replaced with new ones post demonetisation, would approach the supreme court to seek justice.
ncp president sharad pawar announced this in mumbai tuesday.
in maharashtra, an amount of rs 112 crore in old currencies has been lying in district cooperative banks since november 2016 when the old notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 were declared illegal tender.
the ncp president said, the reserve bank of india, on january 30, 2018, issued a circular directing district cooperative banks to destroy old notes received after demonetisation and show it as loss assets in their balance sheets.
he said, the centre had taken a policy decision to replace the old currencies.
now, 80 per cent of the old notes at district cooperative banks have been replaced.
why should they refuse to replace remaining notes.
pawar added, i have been informed that there are old notes of the face value of rs 112 crore across several district cooperative banks, which have not been replaced.
we will meet finance minister arunjaitley to raise the issue.
the ncp leader has also directed the district cooperative banks president to file a petition in the sc.
i have requested (senior congress leader and former union finance minister) p chidambaram to take up the case in the supreme court.
since we will require a good advocate, i have suggested his name, he said.
he said efforts would be made to elicit support from other states with district cooperative bank network, such as karnataka, tamil nadu and uttar pradesh.
pawar said, we are not pleading for fraud case like nirav modi.
all the money which have come to the district cooperative banks are deposited by farmers and ordinary people in rural maharashtra.
now, how can the government, which took the decision on currency change overnight, deny individuals their rights to money?
this also comes days after the election commission offered a public challenge to critics to find snags in evms. (file) this also comes days after the election commission offered a public challenge to critics to find snags in evms. (file)after receiving 38 communications from the election commission, the government on wednesday gave its clearance for allocation of rs 3,174 crore to the poll panel to buy 16.
15 lakh voter verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) units for use in the next lok sabha polls.
he expressed confidence that the machines with vvpat will be available by september 2018 if the order is placed in april this year.
jaitley said if all machines come by september 2018, there will be evms with vvpats for all elections thereafter.
he said the allocation of the entire sum  rs 3173.
47 crore  will be split through two financial years, and rs 1,600 crore will be given in the current year through supplementary and revised estimates.
the vvpat units will bring in an additional layer of transparency to the election process and boost voters confidence in electronic voting machines (evms), officials said.
the decision over the long-pending demand comes days after wrangling between members of the treasury and opposition benches in parliament over the vvpat issue.
the government had slammed opposition parties for questioning the credibility of evms after the bjps impressive victories in uttar pradesh and recent round of state elections.
this also comes days after the election commission offered a public challenge to critics to find snags in evms.while a group of 16 parties petitioned the poll panel recently to revert to paper ballot system for greater transparency and expressed doubts over the integrity of evms, parties such as the bsp and the sp raised doubts over the bjps victory in uttar pradesh.
the aap has also tangled with the ec on this issue.
the decision of the union cabinet, which was taken today in the absence of law minister ravi shankar prasad, will enable the poll panel to deploy vvpat units in all polling booths in 2019 general election, acting as an additional layer of transparency for the satisfaction of voters.
vvpat machines produce a printout of the vote cast using an evm, which can be shown to the voter to dispel doubts.
this printout is then deposited in a box and can be used to resolve any dispute regarding the election.
this would also result in compliance of the directions of the the supreme court in 2013 , which had asked the ec to implement the vvpat system in a phased manner, and the commission had committed to have it in place by the time of the 2019 general elections.
the ec today said vvpats will be manufactured by two public sector undertakings  bharat electronics ltd and electronics corporation of india ltd  as approved by the ec.
the psus need 30 months to produce the over 16 lakh vvpats.
b'the scheme promises to provide health cover of rs 5 lakh per family per year.
(photo for representation) the scheme promises to provide health cover of rs 5 lakh per family per year.
(photo for representation)the union cabinet, headed by prime minister narendra modi, on wednesday approved the launch of the ayushman bharat or national health protection mission, which was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in this years budget.
the scheme promises to provide health cover of rs 5 lakh per family per year.
the target beneficiaries of the proposed scheme will be more than 10 crore families belonging to poor and vulnerable population based on secc database.
the scheme will subsume the on-going centrally sponsored schemes  rashtriya swasthya bimayojana (rsby) and the senior citizen health insurance scheme (schis), according to a statement released by pib.
also read: is ayushman bharat a game changer?
the scheme will also include pre- and post-hospitalisation expenses.
all pre-existing conditions will be covered from day one of the policy.
a defined transport allowance per hospitalisation will also be paid to the beneficiary.
benefits of the scheme will be portable across the country and a beneficiary covered under ayushman bharat will be allowed to take cashless benefits from any public/private empanelled hospitals across the country.
the different categories of households in rural areas eligible for the scheme include families having only one room with kucha walls and kucha roof; families having no adult members between age 16 to 59; households headed by females with no adult male member between age 16 to 59; disabled member and no able-bodied adult member in the family; sc/st households and households deriving major part of their income from manual casual labour.
also, families automatically included in the scheme in rural areas will need to match one of the following conditions: households without shelter, destitute, living on alms, manual scavenger families, primitive tribal groups, legally released bonded labour.
for urban areas, there are 11 defined occupational categories that will be entitled under the scheme, the statement issued by pib added.
b'kirti azad with veteran cricketer bishan singh bedi during a press conference regarding ddca in new delhi.
(pti photo) kirti azad with veteran cricketer bishan singh bedi during a press conference regarding ddca in new delhi.
(pti photo)the bjp today issued a showcase notice to darbhanga mp kirti azad, asking him to explain within 10 days why he should not be expelled from the party after he targeted finance minister arunjaitley over alleged irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
bjp sources described the notice, which accused azad of indiscipline and anti-party activities, as a standard follow-up to the mps suspension.
the bjp suspended azad on december 23, with party chief amit shah informing the mp in a letter that he had made several statements in the media.
which constitute anti-party activities and such unfounded statements and allegations were clearly intended to bring disrepute to the party and its office bearers.
video: why bjp suspended kirti azad & what it meansthe showcause notice spells out the anti-party activities, including his allegations against the ddca and the demand in the lok sabha for a cbi probe, even though the bjp and the government had refuted similar charges levelled by opposition parties such as the congress and aap, sources said.
b'finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleyciting poor pace of work in the railways, the government has cut the gross budgetary support to the national transporter by rs 12,000 crore for this financial year, effectively not giving any increase in central funding this year.
the decision comes as a jolt to the national transporter, which is already struggling with capital expenditure, decreased earnings and a huge salary bill, due to the 7th pay commission proposals.
through a letter to the railways on tuesday, the finance ministry not only cut central funding by rs 12,000 crore to bring it down to rs 28,000 crore, it also refused to help railways with any funds to meet its salary/pension liabilities arising out of the pay commission recommendations this year.
it may be stated that the ceiling of rs 28,000 crore for plan expenditure in revised estimate 2015-16 is fixed after careful review of pace of expenditure and the resource position of the government, said the letter from the finance ministry to the railways.
the railways, meanwhile, has decided to approach prime minister narendra modi for a solution since its financial position, due to shortfalls in earnings and a precarious operating ratio, remains on the edge.
the last union budget had seen central funding of rs 40,000 crore to railways  the highest ever.
the finance ministry letter comes three months after the pmo wrote to rail minister suresh prabhu highlighting a lack of pace in the execution of works in railways reflected through its capital expenditure.
the finance ministry has also told the transporter that the centre will not be able to help it financially to run its household, and that railways should raise its own resources for the same.
since the liability of the general revenues towards implementation of the recommendations of the 7th pay commission is much larger in comparison to railways, it is not feasible to finance railways on this account, the finance ministry has said.
in addition, the railways has been advised to raise its own resources to meet its liabilities.
as a departmentally run commercial organisation, railways is expected to meet its revenue expenditure from its revenue receipts, said the letter issued with the approval of secretary (economic affairs).
the railways had also requested the finance ministry to share its burden of having to keep its fares low and carry essential goods either cheap or even free of cost.
the cost of this obligation has reached rs 32,000 crore.
but this letter decidedly puts an end to that bargaining as well.
trouble for railways is not over because so far it has been able to spend only about 44 per cent as capital expenditure with just three months to go  way behind its target of rs 1 lakh crore.
moreover, taking away rs 12,000 crore suddenly compounds the problem because the national transporter may have already booked much of the expenditure towards works.
against this backdrop, the railways will now seek the pms intervention ahead of union rail budget next month.
b'aap leader arvind kejriwal (left) and bjp leader arunjaitley aap leader arvind kejriwal (left) and bjp leader arunjaitley delhi government and the centre were in a new standoff friday after the lt governor, conveying a union home ministry communication, declared as unconstitutional and illegal the aap governments decision to constitute an inquiry commission into alleged irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) which was headed for 13 years by bjp leader arunjaitley , now the union finance minister.
chief minister arvind kejriwal, who was in kolkata friday, hit back saying the probe will continue since the commission is as per law and constitution of india.
ddca enquiry commission set up by del govt is as per law n constitution of india.
centres opinion not binding on del govt(1/2)  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) january 8, 2016commission will continue work.
if lg or mha or pmo aggrieved, they may approach court.
only a court order can stop commissions work(2/2)  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) january 8, 2016taking to twitter, kejriwal asked the lt governor, ministry of home affairs and the prime ministers office to approach the judiciary in case they feel aggrieved since only a court order can stop commissions work.
earlier, an official of the ministry of home affairs said: only the centre or a state government can constitute a commission of inquiry.
since delhi is not a full state, it has no power to constitute a commission of inquiry.
therefore, the commission of inquiry set up by the delhi government is null and void.
we have communicated this to the lt governor.
read also: inquiry into ddca affairs illegal, says centrethe centres rejection of delhis decision to probe ddca affairs comes at a time when they have been trading charges over a cbi raid at the delhi secretariat office of the principal secretary to the chief minister last month.
kejriwal alleged that the raid was meant to seize files purportedly containing details of alleged corruption in the ddca.
his government appointed a commission of inquiry headed by former solicitor general gopal subramanium.
jaitley has rejected the aap allegations and filed criminal and civil defamation cases against kejriwal and five other aap leaders.
on friday, the aap rejected the centres communication.
we had apprehended this the move of the central government to oppose free and fair inquiry further proves the apprehension, aap leader ashutosh told reporters.
the institution of a commission of inquiry is not new to delhi and several preceding governments, including the sheila dikshit government, have done it.
it is the right of the delhi government to do so.
the unprecedented opposition of the central government is clear evidence of the fact that someone is being protected, he said.
hours after the union government passed an executive order monday revoking article 370, the special status conferred to jammu-kashmir, former finance minister arunjaitley congratulated prime minister narendra modi and union home minister amit shah for correcting a historical wrong.
advertisinga historical wrong has been undone today.
article 35a came through the back door without following the procedure under article 368 of the constitution of india.
it had to go, he tweeted.
separate status led to separatism.
no dynamic nation can allow this situation to continue.
arun arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) august 5, 2019jammu and kashmir news live updatesjaitley stated that article 370 was a temporary provision in the constitution and there is no compulsion for it to be treated as permanent.
what was a temporary and transient provision cannot be treated as permanent.
it had to go, the bjp leader stated.
a historical wrong has been undone today.
article 35a came through the back door without following the procedure under article 368 of the constitution of india.
it had to go.
arun arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) august 5, 2019jaitley also said that the separate status to the state of jammu and kashmir was the reason behind the rise of separatism in the insurgency-hit state.
he underlined that no dynamic nation can allow this situation to continue.
security forces on maximum alertsecurity forces across the country, specifically in jammu and kashmir, are on high alert following the scrapping of article 370, officials said monday.
the union home ministry has directed all central armed police forces (capfs) and central security agencies to take necessary precautions and step up protection of their campuses and movements by issuing specific advisories.
an advisory for remaining on a high alert mode has been issued to all the security forces across the country, especially for their units based in jammu and kashmir, a senior official said.
the government has taken necessary measures for expeditious investigation, including through enhanced international cooperation, he said.
(source: file) the government has taken necessary measures for expeditious investigation, including through enhanced international cooperation, he said.
the multi-agency group set up to look into the panama papers, which named several indians for stashing funds in the island nation, has been asked to report the progress of investigations on regular basis.
panama papers in april 2016 disclosed a list of nearly 500 indians, including celebrities and industrialists, who allegedly stashed money in offshore entities in panama, considered to be a tax haven.
the government has taken necessary measures for expeditious investigation, including through enhanced international cooperation, in the cases of indian persons allegedly having undisclosed foreign assets and whose names are reportedly included in panama papers leaks, he said.
minister of state for finance santosh gangwar in a separate reply informed that it department has conducted 900 searches during the last two years during which assessees have admitted undisclosed income of rs 21,354 crore.
during 2014-15 and 2015-16, the it department has seized undisclosed assets worth rs 1,474 crore, he said, adding during the same period 9,457 surveys conducted resulted in detection of undisclosed income of rs 22,475 crore.
there has been significant rise in criminal prosecutions filed by the it department also during the last two years and number of cases where prosecution complaints were filed and offences were compounded is 3,140 as against 1,690 in 2012-13 and 2013-14, gangwar said.
he said under the black money compliance window, 648 declarations involving undisclosed foreign assets worth rs 4,164 crore were made.
the amount collected by way of tax and penalty in such cases us about rs 2,476 crore.
watch video: whats making newsjaitley said the government has taken several measures, both by way of policy level initiatives as well as through more effective enforcement action on the ground, to effectively deal with the issue of black money stashed abroad.
the multi-agency group set up by the government to look into panama leaks consist of officers from cbdt, enforcement directorate, financial intelligence unit and rbi.
the group has been asked to report the progress in such cases on regular basis, gangwar said in another reply.
the government has taken necessary measures for expeditious investigation in such cases including through enhanced international cooperation, gangwar added.
b'at the same hall in goas marriott hotel,then bjp stalwart a b vajpayee had deferred to the suggestion of his long-time comrade lk advani and not precipitated the resignation of gujarat chief minister narendra modi after the post-godhra riots of 2002.
eleven years later,bjp president rajnath singh sunday deferred to the sentiments of party workers and nominated modi as the chairman of the bjp election campaign committee for the next general elections,marking the end of the advani era in the party.
addressing party workers later,rajnath said: i have taken this decision in the best interest of the country.
i did not hesitate a bit before making this announcement.
justice demanded this decision.
i have presented a strong leadership for you.
modi thanked rajnaths large-heartedness.
i am grateful to rajnath singh for reposing such faith in me.
these things do not come from position (of party presidentship) but flow from ones heart.
he has demonstrated large-heartedness.
the bjp is working under an able leadership (rajnath) we will fulfill the unfinished dreams of atalji under the leadership of rajnathji, modi said in his speech to party workers.
neither mentioned advani at the meet,nor was there any mention of the separate election management committee that he had been seeking.
moreover,rajnath departed from the bjps conventional protocol of party presidents making final speeches at the national executive,and allowed modi to have the last word at the party workers convention.
at the national executive though,rajnath condemned the protests outside advanis delhi residence by modi supporters and said that the decision to appoint the cm as the campaign panel head had the support of all leaders.
while rajnath did not elaborate on the scope and import of this panel,bjp parliamentary board members confided that its members would be selected by modi.
though the bjp refrained from declaring its prime ministerial candidate,party leaders asserted that there was no confusion on the matter now.
after this decision,there is no ambiguity in our minds as to under whose leadership we are going to contest the next lok sabha elections, partycontinued on page 2bjp makes its pick: justice calls for modigeneral secretary dharmendra pradhan told the indian express.
rajnath told the media that his modi move had been prompted by the elections,which the bjp had taken up as a major challenge.
their new-found camaraderie was on display at the party workers conference.
well,in a way,it is the end of the vajpayee-advani era.
it is the beginning of a new era as per a script crafted by the rss, summed up one influential party functionary.
advani didnt find a mention in the speech of leader of the opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley either,though he did indicate that the decision regarding modi was fraught with internal challenges.
he praised it as reflective of rajnaths decisiveness and said it had the potential to shape the direction of the countrys politics.
a leadership is defined by its ability to take decisions because many a times these are very difficult decisions, arunjaitley praised rajnath before workers.
jaitleys lok sabha counterpart sushma swaraj could not make it to the event as she had to leave for delhi early.
drawing parallels with the us system of selection of presidential hopefuls,jaitley sought to suggest that modi had won the bjps primaries in the run-up to the electoral battle.
if we had projected him as a prime ministerial candidate,that would have been much better.
but it is still better than the confusion earlier, said a bjp vice-president.
the decision to go ahead with the announcement of modis name came after protracted discussions at the top,that continued till late saturday night given advanis demand for a parallel committee.
while rajnath had the backing of rss point person suresh soni to the extent of risking advanis displeasure,he had to get other leaders on board.
it was in the middle of the night on saturday that suddenly all senior party leaders and chief ministers started calling on modi and rajnath one by one,indicating that the party had taken the call to go ahead with the move.
while rajnath rang up advani all three days of the national executive,from which he stayed away citing ill-health,the bjp president was learnt to have not raised the issue of modis elevation at all,making it clear it was beyond discussion.
he restricted his phone calls to only enquiring about the senior leaders health.
modi,for his part,tweeted that he had rung up advani after the announcement of his name and taken his blessings.
rubbing salt in advanis wounds,the gujarat cm went so far as to bring up the goa connection of 2002 in his speech,though skipping the crucial role played by advani in it.
goa has got a special place in my life.
newspapers have commented that it has been lucky for me.
it was in this goa that i got the permission to serve gujarat in 2002.
gujarat is now competing with china (on economic growth).
i reckon,whenever i get blessings from goa,i have attained new heights.
i hope the responsibility bestowed upon me by the party president will lead to a similar feat, modi told party workers.
those in advani camp fell in lineif l k advani had any hope of things coming around in goa,it saw a quick burial.
his loyalists fell in line one by one,making it clear which way the wind was blowing.
while arun jaitley,who was made leader of the opposition in rajya sabha with advanis blessing,is widely believed to have switched sides sometime back,advanis second big-ticket political investment in sushma swaraj has not paid off.
party leaders admitted that swaraj made no attempt to resist rajnath singhs plans.
party general secretary ananth kumar,whose proximity with advani was seen as the reason for the party veterans rigid stance against b s yeddyurappa in karnataka,leading to the bjps dismal show in the recent elections,also appeared to be going with the flow.
in fact,at the national executive,when rajnath asked all senior leaders to felicitate modi with garlands,kumar was quick to ensure he was part of the photo-op.
later,he sat in the front row at the bjp workers convention.
former party president m venkaiah naidu,who had once dubbed advani lauh purush,inviting a rebuke from atal behari vajpayee,told reporters that he had told rajnath that advani be brought on board.
however,naidu appears to have not done much more than that despite being part of the bjp parliamentary board.
party vice-president uma bharti,whose return to the bjp was facilitated by advani,chickened out saturday and sent a letter to rajnath saying that her absence at the meet should not be construed as her dissent and that she extended full support to whatever he decided.
former finance minister yashwant sinha,considered an advani supporter,also deplored sunday that he was being presented as anti-modi.
b'prime minister narendra modi addresses an election rally in darbhanga on monday.
express photo by prashant ravi.
prime minister narendra modi addresses an election rally in darbhanga on monday.
express photo by prashant ravi.
the west bengal assembly elections will not see as much of prime minister narendra modi as the bihar polls did.
he will address only seven to 10 rallies and refrain from a negative campaign, bjp sources said  an apparent lesson drawn from the rout in bihar.
the election will be fought on what the party is offering to the state and what the modi-led government has done so far, they added.
however, as in bihar, the bjp will not project a chief ministerial candidate.
bjp chief amit shah will not address many public rallies either.
this is to give more prominence to state leaders and those who have been working in the state.
besides, language will be an issue for the party chief, said a bjp leader.
the state unit has demanded more rallies with union ministers sushma swaraj and smriti irani, who can speak bengali.
they also want finance minister arunjaitley and railway minister suresh prabhu to make announcements that would have an immediate impact on middle-income voters.
the campaign will, however, still have some elements of earlier ones by the bjp.
the bjp will be vocal about the trinamool congress governments appeasement policies for muslims.
the prime minister will visit gaudiya math for its centenary celebrations in kolkata on february 21, and the party hopes this will send the right signals to the hindus in the state.
the gaudiya math and mission has around 75 lakh followers across the state.
bjp leaders say they will play a soft hindutva card by reaching out also to followers of ramakrishna mission, which has around one crore followers in bengal.
although the focus will be the alleged failures of mamata banerjees government, the party will frame slogans with a positive message.
we will focus on what the bjp can do where the present and past governments have failed.
for example, for the crisis-hit agrarian sector, the party will project the new crop insurance scheme, pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, as a solution.
another issue, that of hawkers, can be resolved through micro-financing, which is being offered under the mudra banking scheme, said siddharth nath singh, bjp national secretary in charge of west bengal.
bjp general secretary in charge of the state kailash vijayvargiya and singh met tuesday to discuss the campaign.
a bjp leader said the party has observed that voters in the state have become increasingly disappointed with the undemocratic way in which elections are being held.
the bjps theme would be ab ki baar adhikar.
this means, he explained, that under the bjp the rights of every citizen will be honoured  for women, the issue will be safety; for hawkers; self-financing; for police, self-respect.
the party plans to distribute pictures of policemen seeking refuge under a table to escape an attack on a police station in kolkata recently.
other slogans will include ma, maati, manush surakshit nahin hain.
the bjp is also preparing a list of promises made by mamata, mukul roy and dinesh trivedi as railway ministers in the past.
they have made many promises, but 90 per cent of them are still unfulfilled, said the leader.
the bjp, which led 24 assembly segments in the 2014 lok sabha elections and was in second place in 28 others, will also use social media extensively.
it has collected data  out of west bengals 6 crore voters, one crore have smart phones and 3.
7 crore are mobile users, a leader said.
the party is in the process of deciding which constituencies would be ideal for its top leaders such as rahul sinha, rupa ganguly, samik bhattacharya, locket chatterjee and ritesh tiwari.
securitythe bjp has appealed to the election commission for measures to prevent rigging and is hoping the ec will appoint presiding officers from the central forces.
there are 77,000 booths in west bengal.
union home minister rajnath singh has already promised that the centre would deploy as many paramilitary personnel as necessary to ensure a free and fair election.
the finance act also provides that any capital expenditure in cash exceeding rs 10,000 shall not be eligible for claiming depreciation allowance or investment-linked deduction.
(source: express photo by shuaib masoodi) the finance act also provides that any capital expenditure in cash exceeding rs 10,000 shall not be eligible for claiming depreciation allowance or investment-linked deduction.
(source: express photo by shuaib masoodi)ban on cash transaction in excess of rs 2 lakh will not be applicable to withdrawals from banks and post office savings accounts, the income tax department said today.
through the finance act 2017, the government has banned cash transactions of over rs 2 lakh and said a penalty of an equal amount would be levied on the receiver.
in a clarification on the newly inserted section  269st  in the i-t act, the central board of direct taxes (cbdt) said the restriction shall not apply to withdrawal from banks and post offices.
it has also been decided that the restriction on cash transaction shall not apply to withdrawal of cash from a bank, co-operative bank or a post office savings bank, the statement said.
it said necessary notification in this regard would be issued.
in the 2017-18 budget, finance minister arunjaitley had proposed to ban cash transaction of over rs 3 lakh.
this limit was lowered to rs 2 lakh as an amendment to the finance bill, which was passed by the lok sabha last month.
they said restriction is also not applicable to any receipt by government, banking company, post office savings bank or co-operative bank, the cbdt said.
the move to ban cash transaction above a threshold was aimed at curbing black money by discouraging cash transaction and promoting digital economy.
according to the rule, no individual can deal in cash in excess of rs 2 lakh on a single day, in respect of a single transaction or in respect of transactions relating to one event or occasion from an individual.
the finance act also provides that any capital expenditure in cash exceeding rs 10,000 shall not be eligible for claiming depreciation allowance or investment-linked deduction.
similarly, the limit on revenue expenditure in cash has been reduced from rs 20,000 to rs 10,000.
in order to promote digital payments in case of small unorganised businesses, the rate of presumptive taxation has been reduced from 8 per cent to 6 per cent for the amount of turnover realised through cheque/digital mode.
also, it has restricted cash donation up to rs 2,000 for political parties for availing exemption from income-tax.
further, it has also mandated that any donation in cash exceeding rs 2,000 to a charitable institution shall not be allowed as a deduction under the income-tax act, the cbdt statement said.
last week, the income tax department launched a facility to enable a taxpayer to link his aadhaar and pan.
last week, the income tax department launched a facility to enable a taxpayer to link his aadhaar and pan.
the income tax department has launched an online facility to correct errors in names and other details in permanent account number (pan) and aadhaar document.
alongside the facility to link biometric identifier aadhaar with pan, the department has also put two separate hyperlinks on its e-filing website  one to update changes in existing pan data or for application of new pan by an indian or a foreign citizen.
the second hyperlink is for individuals who want to update aadhaar details by logging into aadhaar self service update portal using the unique identity number.
the individual can then upload scanned documents as proof for data update request.
over 1.
22 crore assessees already have aadhaar-linked pan but the number is abysmally low as there are over 25 crore pan card holders in the country, while aadhaar has been issued to 111 crore people.
as per statistics with the tax department, only 6 crore people file income tax returns at present.
finance minister arunjaitley , through an amendment to the finance bill for 2017-18, had made aadhaar mandatory for filing income tax returns and provided for linking of pan with aadhaar to curb tax evasion through use of multiple pan cards.
last week, the income tax department launched a facility to enable a taxpayer to link his aadhaar and pan.
it required a person to put in pan and aadhaar number along with his name as per the unique identification authority of india (uidai) data.
after verification from the uidai, the linking will be confirmed.
in case of any minor mismatch in aadhaar name provided, aadhaar otp will be sent to the mobile number registered with the uidai.
additionally, the income tax department has now launched a facility to correct anomalies in pan or aadhaar document.
b'the law provides for all necessary constitutional safeguards in terms of providing hearing to the person through counsel.
(express photo by partha paul/file) the law provides for all necessary constitutional safeguards in terms of providing hearing to the person through counsel.
(express photo by partha paul/file)president ram nath kovind has given assent to promulgation of the fugitive economic offenders ordinance, 2018, giving authorities powers to attach and confiscate the proceeds of crime and properties of economic offenders like bank fraudsters or loan defaulters fleeing the country.
the fugitive economic offenders ordinance, 2018 is aimed at deterring economic offenders from evading the process of law by remaining outside the jurisdiction of indian courts, an official statement said.
the need for the ordinance has arisen as there have been instances of economic offenders fleeing the jurisdiction of indian courts, anticipating the commencement, or during the pendency, of criminal proceedings, it said without naming anyone.
read | cabinet clears ordinance to confiscate properties of fugitive economic offendersthe law is aimed at quickly recovering losses to exchequer or public sector banks in cases of frauds like the alleged usd 2 billion fraud by fugitive jeweller nirav modi.
giving reasons for the law, the statement said the absence of such offenders from indian courts hampers the investigation and wastes court time and undermines the rule of law.
the existing civil and criminal provisions in law are not entirely adequate to deal with the severity of the problem, it said.
finance minister arunjaitley had in his budget for 2018-19 said the government was considering to bring a new law to confiscate the assets of such absconders.
the fugitive economic offenders bill, 2018 was introduced in the lok sabha on march 12 but couldnt be taken up due to logjam in parliament over different issues.
with parliament being adjourned sine die, an ordinance was proposed.
the union cabinet yesterday approved the ordinance and the president today gave his assent to promulgation of the same.
the ordinance makes provisions for special court under the prevention of money-laundering act, 2002 to declare a person as a fugitive economic offender.
a fugitive economic offender is a person against whom an arrest warrant has been issued in respect of a scheduled offence and who has left india so as to avoid criminal prosecution, or being abroad, refuses to return to india to face criminal prosecution, the statement said.
however, only cases of frauds, cheque dishonour or loan default of over rs 200 crore would come under this ordinance.
also read | what is the fugitive economic offenders ordinance 2018?
the fugitive economic offenders ordinance, 2018 provides for an application being made before the special court for a declaration that an individual as a fugitive economic offender, attaching his or her properties and proceeds of crime and selling of such properties.
if at any point of time in the course of the proceeding prior to the declaration, however, the alleged fugitive economic offender returns to india and submits to the appropriate jurisdictional court, proceedings under the proposed act would cease by law, it said.
the law provides for all necessary constitutional safeguards in terms of providing hearing to the person through counsel, allowing him time to file a reply, serving notice of summons to him, whether in india or abroad and appeal to the high court.
it is expected that a special forum to be created for expeditious confiscation of the proceeds of crime, in india or abroad, would coerce the fugitive to return to india to submit to the jurisdiction of courts in india to face the law in respect of scheduled offences, the statement said.
the government said the new law will help the banks and other financial institutions to achieve higher recovery from financial defaults committed by fugitive economic offenders, improving the financial health of such institutions.
b'kirodi lal meena, 66, who quit the bjp a decade ago, is welcomed back into the party by rajasthan cm vasundhara raje.
with meena, who got an rs nomination, golma (his wife) and geeta verma too joined the bjp.
all three are npp mlas.
(express photo) kirodi lal meena, 66, who quit the bjp a decade ago, is welcomed back into the party by rajasthan cm vasundhara raje.
with meena, who got an rs nomination, golma (his wife) and geeta verma too joined the bjp.
all three are npp mlas.
(express photo)after renominating its union ministers to rajya sabha last week, the bjp announced a list of 18 candidates sunday that included fresh faces and newly inducted veterans, and sought to balance caste representation.
it includes former congress leader and former maharashtra cm narayan rane, rajasthans kirodi lal meena who rejoined the bjp sunday, and rajeev chandrashekhar who has been an independent mp in rajya sabha.
these nominations could potentially cause heartburn among bjp loyalists and hopefuls.
pm narendra modi and party chief amit shah, who took the final decision from a long list of aspirants, appear to have rewarded a young lot considered close to the top leadership.
while bjp national media cell head anil baluni will contest from his home state of uttarakhand, party spokesperson g v l narasimha rao has been fielded from uttar pradesh.
among the candidates from up, from where the party is in a position to elect eight mps, prominent is ashok bajpai.
he is one of the founder members of the samajwadi party and a seven-term mla.
bajpai, a brahmin leader from hardoi, joined the bjp last year.
harnath singh yadav, a former mlc, too came from the sp (in 2007); his yadav community is a strong support base of the sp.
read | congress list of 10 leaves out all outgoing mps, except singhvivijay pal singh tomar, another up candidate, is a prominent farmers leader.
kanta kardam belongs to the jatav community, a strong support base of the bsp.
another nomination from a backward group is sakal deep rajbhar, state executive member from balia, who belongs to the rajbhar caste that constitutes a large population in eastern up.
anil jain, bjp general secretary who handled haryana, will contest from up; saroj pandey, general secretary who handled maharashtra, is set to be elected from her home state, chhattisgarh.
the selection of meena, whose equations with rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje are known to have been strained, is seen as an initiative against perceived anti-incumbency.
with sachin pilot, a gujjar, leading the congress, the bjp is trying to consolidate the meena community, said bjp sources.
in haryana, the bjp has nominated d p vats, a retired lt general.
vats, who served in the jat regiment for five years, was also chairman of haryana public service commission during the last congress regime, and served as commandant of armed forces medical college, pune.
the decision to nominate v muraleedharan, former kerala state party chief, is seen as part of efforts to launch an aggressive mission in the state ruled by the left.
muraleedharans nomination  and likely election from maharashtra  could please the ezhavas, who represent a significant section of hindus in kerala.
the bjp has already formed an alliance with bharath dharma jana sena, the party formed by ezhava leader and leader of sree narayana dharma paripalana yogam.
there were reports that the party could offer the rs seat to bdjs leader tushar vellappally to placate the ally, miffed with the bjp for some time.
bjp sources said the decision to field muraleedharan and narayan rane could upset the two state units.
the party announced eight union ministers earlier, including finance minister arunjaitley (uttar pradesh) dharmendra pradhan (madhya pradesh) and ravi shankar prasad (bihar).
biharin bihar, where six seats are up for grabs, bjp ally jd(u) has now named mahendra prasad and b n singh.
jd(u) spokesperson k c tyagi might be in consideration later, for the seat held by sharad yadav.
the rjd has nominated its national spokesperson manoj kumar jha and owner of a private medical college, ashfaq karim, while the congress is eyeing the sixth seat with rjd support.
sources said the nominee could be former mp akhilesh singh.
sources said the nda might field a seventh candidate against the congress as it has 21 votes to spare and hopes to get support of three independents.
but the nda would still need 11 more.
there is where former pcc president ashok choudhary, who joined jd(u) recently, would be tested.
he can fuel dissidence in congress, said a jd(u) source.
union minister for road and highways nitin gadkari (file photo) union minister for road and highways nitin gadkari (file photo)a concept note on vehicle scrapping policy has been sent to the committee of secretaries (cos) for consideration and approval, government said on monday.
in the first phase, the policy aims at scrapping commercial vehicles which have completed 15 years.
ministry of road transport and highways has proposed a concept note on voluntary vehicle fleet modernisation programme (v-vmp) and it was circulated for inter-ministerial consultation, minister of state for road transport and highways mansukh lal mandavia said in a written reply to the rajya sabha.
watch what else is making news:he said the note aims at creating an ecosystem for voluntary scrapping and replacement of old polluting vehicles.
after the deliberation it was decided to prepare a cos note.
the note has already been submitted to cos for consideration and approval, the minister said.
v-vmp policy proposes to push 28 million decade old vehicles off the roads.
last week, road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari has said that the pmo is keen on the proposal as once it is implemented, pollution would be checked considerably as 65 per cent of the pollution is caused by heavy vehicles which have completed 15 years.
he has said a presentation has already been made before the finance minister arun jaitley.
the proposal is to provide relief of about rs 5 lakh to people who purchase new commercial vehicle of about rs 15 lakh, if they surrender their over 15-year old commercial vehicles.
once the proposal is accepted, he said it is bound to result in rs 10,000 crore boost in tax revenue as the automobile sector will benefit from it.
he said that the automobile sector is projected to grow by 22 per cent and it will be a win-win situation for all.
the automobile sector turnover will grow from rs 4.
5 lakh crore to rs 20 lakh crore after policy implementation, the minister said.
the draft voluntary vehicle fleet modernisation programme (v-vmp) policy has proposed to bring under its purview vehicles bought on or before march 31, 2005, numbering about 28 million.
b'aap leader sanjay singh.
aap leader sanjay singh.
the aap monday said pm narendra modi had failed to live up to his poll promise of bringing back black money stashed abroad.
the panama list has pms aide gautam adanis elder brother vinod adani there are others  amitabh bachchan, aishwarya rai, two bjp leaders and congress leaders.
bjp had screamed its lungs out on bringing back black money but modi and (finance minister) arunjaitley are quiet on this.
there have been several exposes over the past two years but no action has been taken so far, said aap leader sanjay singh.
aap demands that just as in the case of coal, cwg and 2g scams, there should be a supreme court-monitored sit to conduct a time-bound inquiry into panama papers leak.
considering the list involves adani, it is unlikely that modi government will probe the matter, singh said.
aap leader raghav chadha said, in february last year, icij-the indian express had come out with the swiss leaks, where 1,195 indians were namedbut no action has been taken.
it is well known that modiji is close to gautam adani.
his brother vinod adani is named along with bjp leaders shishir bajoria and anurag kejriwal.
we want to ask bjp, what action will they take?
watch: what do the panama papers revealchadha added: congress is not untouched by this sumita singh, mother-in-law of (indiabulls owner) sameer gehlaut, has been linked to panama papers.
finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photo finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photofinance minister arunjaitley will leave on wednesday for a five-day visit to the united states to participate in the spring meetings of the world bank and imf as well as deliberations of g20 nations.
during his stay in washington and new york, he will hold meetings with american ceos and institutional and pension fund investors, where he will pitch india as a favourable investment destination.
the official delegation, led by arunjaitley , includes among others, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das and chief economic advisor arvind subramanian.
also, a team of rbi officials led by rbi governor urjit patel will be attending the meeting.
jaitley and patel will participate in the g-20 meeting on april 21, which will focus on financial sector development and regulations and other issues.
das will also participate in the meeting, according to an official statement.
later, the finance minister, along with patel and das, will attend the international monetary and financial committee (imfc) introductory session on global development and prospects.
this will be followed by a session on early warning exercise.
the spring meetings bring together central bankers, ministers of finance and development, private sector executives and academics to discuss issues of global concern, including world economic outlook, global financial stability, poverty eradication, jobs and growth, economic development, and aid effectiveness.
later in the day, arunjaitley will hold a meeting with the ceos.
on april 22, arunjaitley will participate in the imfc plenary session, along with patel and das.
the finance minister is also slated to hold a meeting with us treasury secretary and participate in the development committee plenary meeting of the world bank.
in the evening, he will meet with his bangladesh counterpart and call on the president, world bank, the statement added.
on april 23, arunjaitley and das will leave for new york and later in the evening and participate in dinner to be hosted by indian industry chamber.
on april 24, arunjaitley will have an interaction with the council for foreign relations, followed by meetings with institutional and long-term investors.
later in the evening, arunjaitley will travel to moscow to boost military ties with russia.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan.
(express photo) lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan.
(express photo)the congress and its allies ncp and rjd walked out of lok sabha twice tuesday over the bjps efforts to install governments in goa and manipur.
mps of the trinamool congress, the left parties and the jd(u), which tend to make common cause on issues of centre-state relations, did not join the protest.
speaker sumitra mahajan not only rejected notices for admission of an adjournment motion given by opposition members, but also disallowed any discussion on the matter.
you can not discuss the action of a governor, she said.
rising as soon as the house assembled, congress leader mallikarjun kharge said democracy was being murdered.
to this, mahajan responded that she would not allow question hour to be disturbed and members should raise such matters during zero hour.
an agitated kharge sought to know if they were not allowed to raise the issue in the house, where else they would go.
the speaker said nothing apart from questions and answers would be allowed to go on record.
at this, kharge walked out, followed by members of the congress as well as the ncp and the rjd.
they remained away until question hour concluded.
kharge made a second attempt after the laying of papers.
by then, rahul gandhi too had come in.
kharge started speaking even though mahajan announced there would be no zero hour and she would go ahead with the business listed for the day.
whatever kharge said could not be heard because his microphone did not get activated.
he was seen holding a piece of paper, trying to draw the attention of the speaker.
all congress mps rose to throw their weight behind kharge, but the speaker told them she would not allow a discussion on the functioning of a governor.
it is a constitutional authority, she said, leading to the walkout.
supreme court of india bench of justices p c ghose and u u lalit, while dismissing the defamation case and said that under the evidence act, a judgement given in a civil proceeding is not binding on the criminal case.
(file photo) supreme court of india bench of justices p c ghose and u u lalit, while dismissing the defamation case and said that under the evidence act, a judgement given in a civil proceeding is not binding on the criminal case.
(file photo)delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal is set to be tried simultaneously in civil and criminal defamation cases filed against him by union finance minister arunjaitley , with the supreme court on tuesday dismissing his appeal to stay the criminal prosecution.
it is not a fit case where we should interfere.
we have gone through the records and we decline to intervene, said a bench of justices p c ghose and uday u lalit as it rejected kejriwals plea to spare him the criminal prosecution until the civil defamation case is decided.
the bench observed that senior advocate ram jethmalani, who argued for kejriwal, had failed to adduce any legal provision or a judicial precedent to show that if both civil and criminal cases are filed against a person on the same facts, criminal proceedings should be stayed till the outcome of the civil case.
can you show us any provision in the evidence act or the criminal procedure code that says criminal proceedings should stop if there is a civil case pending?
you will have to show us a legal provision that gives pre-eminence to civil proceedings.
there are various judgments that have said that if both the remedies of civil as well criminal proceedings are available to a person, he can avail both.
so how can we now say that criminal proceedings must wait for a decision of a civil case, the court asked jethmalani.
in response, jethmalani read out three judgments  all under charges of adultery and other matrimonial offences  to buttress his point that criminal proceedings should be stayed.
when there is already a civil defamation suit of rs 10 crore being tried and evidence shall be recorded therein, why should i be criminally prosecuted under summary proceedings?
let us not forget that this matter is virtually between the prime minister and a small chief minister, he said.
but the bench asked jethmalani to confine to the facts of the case and point out the relevant parts of the judgments to corroborate why the criminal case should be stalled.
you show us either from law or any of our judgments.
we will confine ourselves only to the records of this case, it told jethmalani.
the senior lawyer then read out certain paragraphs of the judgments, but the court said: if you say that findings arrived in the civil case shall be binding on the trial court where the defamation case is being prosecuted, then should we not stay the civil case and ask the magistrate to go on?
at this, jethmalani contended that there was no protection to his client in the criminal case and that the court must protect the chief minister.
however, the bench said it was not supposed to see the individuals but only the records of the case.
we will not go into whether what you said constitutes any offence or not since that is a separate matter.
in this case, we think it is not a fit case to interfere and stay the trial.
we are sorry, said the bench, while dismissing kejriwals appeal against an order of the delhi high court which had also declined to stay his criminal prosecution.
a little over two months after the governments decision to withdraw high value notes, the economic mood appears to be sombre.
that may have to do with the reinforcement of the growing belief that attempts at firing the economy are not working: government data on gdp released last week and rbi figures on loans to the infrastructure sector put out on tuesday and the fact that automobile sales in december was the lowest in 16 years paint a depressing picture.
the rbi data shows that loans to the infrastructure sector recorded its sharpest contraction of 6.
7 per cent in november, after sliding over the first eight months of this fiscal.
credit outstanding or bank lending to the infrastructure slipped from rs 964,800 crore in march 2016 to rs 900,700 crore in november 2016, with the power sector, which accounts for a dominant share of credit, reporting a contraction of 10.
4 per cent in november.
this comes on top of the gdp data, which indicates that growth will slow to 7.
1 per cent in fy 17, against the earlier projection of 7.
6 per cent, and the marking down of growth estimates for this fiscal by many forecasters and agencies.
rbi governor urjit patel has red-flagged the central banks concerns on the relatively high level of borrowings of both the central and state governments.
on wednesday, patel warned of the dangers of a high level of government deficit in india, among the highest in the g-20 countries, which could come in the way of a sovereign rating upgrade.
patel also spoke of the need to put a lid on borrowings to ensure stable and low inflation.
adding to the gloomy vibes is a report by the state bank of india, which says demonetisation has hit almost 70 per cent of businesses in mumbai, pune and nearby areas.
finance minister arunjaitley has sought to dispel these impressions by showcasing the growth in both indirect (14.
2 per cent) and direct tax (14.
4 per cent) collections in december and in the april-to-december period to suggest that demonetisation has not hurt the economy and that reports about job losses were anecdotal.
it is hard to ignore the fact that gross fixed capital formation has fallen by 0.
2 per cent this fiscal.
getting the sputtering engines of growth going and reviving the animal spirits of indian business are going to be a challenge given the limited leeway for public spending.
patel has suggested that structural reforms and reorienting government expenditure towards public expenditure are key for durable gains on the growth front.
he also hinted how easy it is to fritter away gains on macro economic stability and tough to regain them.
thats the task for the government as it gears up to present the budget in early february.
(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)in order to inspect the operations of the world bank-supported suburban rail system in mumbai, ceo kristalina georgieva took a local train from churchgate on tuesday.
this is georgievas first official visit to the country.
according to a statement released by the world bank, she will also be holding discussions with finance minister arunjaitley and other key policy-makers.
india is our biggest middle income client.
its economic growth influences global growth.
its achievements in health and education contribute to the world achieving the sustainable development goals.
i am keen to learn more as india is a laboratory for the world to learn about what works in development and to find new ways to collaborate, georgieva said.
(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)georgieva, who reached mumbai on monday night, is also scheduled to meet with maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and rbi governor urjit patel.
while in mumbai, she will have the opportunity to see how the operations of the world bank-supported suburban rail system  which carries about eight million commuters each day  is serving a fast growing and urbanising india, the world banks release said.
(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)visiting a school serving low-income households and children with special needs is also on her agenda.
the school is a part of centres sarva shiksha abhiyan programme, which is supported by the world bank.
chinese premier li keqiang, right, and pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif shake hands during a signing ceremony at the great hall of the people in beijing, china, saturday, may 13, 2017.
(source: thomas peter/pool photo via ap) chinese premier li keqiang, right, and pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif shake hands during a signing ceremony at the great hall of the people in beijing, china, saturday, may 13, 2017.
(source: thomas peter/pool photo via ap)signalling its strong displeasure at the inclusion of the china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) as part of the one belt one road (obor) initiative, india on saturday decided not to send a high-level representative for the belt and road forum that begins in china on sunday.
regarding the so-called china-pakistan economic corridor, which is being projected as the flagship project of the obor, the international community is well aware of indias position.
no country can accept a project that ignores its core concerns on sovereignty and territorial integrity, said the ministry of external affairs (mea) official spokesperson gopal baglay.
connectivity projects must be pursued in a manner that respects sovereignty and territorial integrity, he said.
baglay said india received formal invitation to participate in the six separate forums that china is organising as part of the belt and road forum being held in beijing on may 14-16.
indias decision  which is along expected lines, as it is in line with new delhis position which was made clear early this year  came on a day when pakistan signed six new agreements with china, after a meeting between pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and chinas premier li keqiang.
baglay said india is of the firm belief that connectivity initiatives must be based on universally recognised international norms, good governance, rule of law, openness, transparency and equality.
connectivity initiatives must follow principles of financial responsibility to avoid projects that would create unsustainable debt burden for communities; balanced ecological and environmental protection and preservation standards; transparent assessment of project costs; and skill and technology transfer to help long-term running and maintenance of the assets created by local communities, he said.
giving an account of indias efforts, he said new delhi shares the international communitys desire for enhancing physical connectivity and believes that it should bring greater economic benefits to all in an equitable and balanced manner.
india is working with many countries and international institutions in support of physical and digital connectivity in its immediate neighbourhood.
stressing that expansion and strengthening of connectivity is an integral part of indias economic and diplomatic initiatives, he said that india is pursuing the trilateral highway project under the act east policy; developing multimodal linkages with myanmar and bangladesh under neighbourhood first policy; engaged with iran on chabahar port and with iran and other partners in central asia on international north south transport corridor under the go west strategy; and the bbin initiative is aimed at enhancing logistics efficiencies in south asian region.
we are actively considering acceding to tir convention, he said, referring to the customs convention on international transport of goods which was cleared by the union cabinet in march.
guided by our principled position in the matter, we have been urging china to engage in a meaningful dialogue on its connectivity initiative, one belt, one road, which was later renamed as belt and road initiative.
we are awaiting a positive response from the chinese side, he said.
asked whether india has confirmed its participation in the forum, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson geng shuang had said on friday, as far as i know, there are indian scholars participating in relevant activities during the belt and road forum for international cooperation.
the may 14-15 summit will be attended by 29 heads of state and governments, including one of indias strategic partners  russian president vladimir putin  and high-level delegations from sri lanka, bangladesh, nepal and myanmar.
the us, france, germany and uk are among the major powers participating at the brf.
india has objected to obor on the basis of cpec through diplomatic channels.
in january, foreign secretary s jaishankar had said that china has not been sensitive about indias sovereignty and did not consult new delhi on its us$ 54 billion project with pakistan, referring to the cpec.
responding to questions at the second edition of the raisina dialogue, jaishankar had said, china is a country which is very sensitive on matters concerning its sovereignty so we would expect that they would have some understanding of other peoples sensitivity about their sovereignty.
cpec passes through a piece of land, which we call pakistan-occupied kashmir, which is a territory that belongs to india and is illegally occupied by pakistan.
so, the fact that such a project has been initiated without consultation with india, i would imagine, people will understand what the indian reaction to that would be.
so i think in approaching the cpec, there needs to be some reflection on how a country like india would see would feel i am sorry to say that we have not seen signs of that so far, he had said.
jaishankars comments came a day after prime minister narendra modi had said that connectivity in itself cannot override or undermine the sovereignty of other nations.
only by respecting the sovereignty of countries involved, can regional connectivity corridors fulfill their promise and avoid differences and discord, modi had said in his inaugural address at the raisina dialogue.
while india has raised the cpec issue at various levels, including with chinese president xi jinping at the brics summit in goa last october, jaishankars comments were the most critical and clear articulation.
last week, in a bid to assuage new delhis concerns, chinese ambassador to india luo zhaohui offered to rename cpec, insisting that it was an economic cooperation and connectivity enhancement project devoid of sovereignty issues.
however, his comment suggesting the renaming was later deleted by the chinese embassy from his speech posted on the embassy website.
a chinese official in delhi had also suggested last week that non-participation could lead to a situation where new delhi would have no voice on xis ambitious obor initiative to build seven economic corridors.
if india doesnt attend the forum, the chinese people will ask questions.
it will give a feeling that youre not constructive, said the official.
if youre absent, you have no voice.
the official also suggested that chinas agreement with pakistan for the cpec wouldnt affect any future settlement of the kashmir issue.
meanwhile, the mous signed by china and pakistan today included an agreement to construct an airport in gwadar, implementation of the havelian dry port, and technical cooperation for the construction of the east bay expressway.
xi met sharif after the agreements were signed and said the construction of cpec would be pushed forward.
the supplementary projects in and around pakistans gwadar port should be steadily advanced and the study on the construction of industrial parks along the corridor facilitated, state-run chinese news agency xinhua quoted xi as saying.
according to xinhua, xi also said that china-pakistan relations were a priority for beijing and it was willing to enrich the all-weather strategic cooperative partnership with islamabad.
the two sides should not only continue high-level exchanges, but increase interactions between governments, legislative bodies and political parties.
the two countries should strengthen cooperation on areas including anti-terrorism and security, and enhance coordination on major international and regional affairs, said xi, according to xinhua.
finance minister arunjaitley with mos arjun ram meghwal arrives at parliament to present the union budget 2017-18 in the lok sabha, in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo finance minister arunjaitley with mos arjun ram meghwal arrives at parliament to present the union budget 2017-18 in the lok sabha, in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photoin his fourth budget, the last but one before the 2019 lok sabha elections, union finance minister arunjaitley has kept a tight leash on government spending by resisting any temptation to stray away from the path of fiscal prudence.
his assumptions on gdp, however, suggest the economy may just about grow at 7 per cent (nominal growth rate of 11.
75 per cent), if inflation hovers around 4.
5-4.
75 per cent due to elevated oil prices.
jaitley did not make any big announcements but deftly put together small things which, taken cumulatively, present an imaginative economic strategy for what clearly are uncertain times.
watch video |budget 2017 interview: keki mistry, vice chairman & ceo, hdfc on affordable housing & morein terms of political signalling as well, he has addressed the chunky sections of the vote bank  the small urban taxpayers who account for the bulk of the base, the smes which together employ the most and are the backbone of manufacturing and exports, the farmers, and the rural poor.
read: union budget 2017: highlights of arunjaitley budgethis 37-page budget speech, excluding the annexures, includes reformist moves such as abolition of fipb and a new non-cash scheme for political funding, stimulus measures including higher rural spends on roads and housing, populist announcements like taxing the rich more and the middle class less; all of this by not spending beyond the means.
he played to the gallery as well by promising to go after offenders who fly away by enacting a law to confiscate their personal property and also limiting cash transactions to rs 3 lakh.
read | union budget 2017: tdp and amaravati area farmers ecstatic over capital gains tax exemptionsin fact, this is perhaps the most conservative of all his previous budgets.
in absolute terms, the total expenditure for 2017-18 has increased by a meagre 6.
57 per cent or rs 1,32,328 crore over 2016-17.
juxtapose this against the massive rs 2,23,624 crore or 12.
48 per cent increase in 2016-17 over the previous year.
watch video | personal tax slabs after budget 2017: how will your tax come down?
clearly, he has kept a very tight fist, and this also explains his fiscal deficit target of 3.
2 per cent of gdp for 2017-18, a minor 0.
2 per cent deviation from the frbm-prescribed 3 per cent.
read | what gets cheaper, what gets expensivewhether he is conserving for his last full budget next year ahead of elections will be known only next february.
but, yes, he has not made any estimates about tax revenues that may accrue to him following the income disclosure scheme post-demonetisation.
the government will also benefit from a windfall, however small it may be, with a sizeable value of demonetised notes not returning to the banking system.
these two revenue streams may provide the government some ammunition for fireworks next year.
the budget gameplan then looks like a gamble on growth, with hopes that rural demand and consumption will give a fillip to the economy.
this explains the higher allocation of rs 42,000 crore for rural housing and roads, and the cut in corporate tax to 25 per cent for smes with turnover less than rs 50 crore a year.
more than 50 per cent of the micro, tiny and small enterprises are in rural india, and account for a bulk of the employment in the sector.
these were the sectors worst hit by the radical demonetisation decision.
read | how it will impact you-lower tax rates, better travelwatch video | budget 2017: 5 things you need to understandit is possible the gamble does not pay off.
even with a 6.
5-6.
75 per cent growth rate in 2016-17, the gross tax revenues are estimated to grow 17 per cent over the previous year.
but for the next year, with expectations that the economy will grow around 7 per cent, arunjaitley expects the gross tax revenues to rise by just 12.
23 per cent.
he has announced ambitious targets for disinvestment receipts despite a poor show in the current year.
in 2016-17, receipts from stake sale have fallen short by rs 11,000 crore or 20 per cent.
this hasnt stopped him from raising the target by almost 60 per cent to rs 72,500 crore for 2017-18.
the government has made no meaningful progress in bank consolidation, but arunjaitley has now proposed to create an integrated oil major by merging oil and gas psus.
the budget also fails to recognise that private investment cannot take off unless the government first addresses the issue of bad loans.
banks will not take calls on writing down losses due to npas for fear of the four cs  courts, cvc, cbi and cag  jaitleys chief economic advisor arvind subramanian told the indian express on tuesday.
jaitley has just provided a measly rs 10,000 crore towards bank recapitalisation.
bdefence minister manohar parrikar defence minister manohar parrikardefence minister manohar parrikars absence created as much flutter as his expected presence at the launch of freedom 251  promoted as the worlds cheapest smartphone.
invited as the chief guest for the launch by the phones manufacturers ringing bells last week, parrikar had accepted the invitation.
the phones promos also announced it.
but what caused the last-minute cancellation was prime minister narendra modi hosting a dinner for the council of ministers, which parrikar had to attend.
defence ministry insiders said contrary to speculations, the fact that the two events clashed was the only reason behind parrikar not attending the event.
breaking barrierausterity measures are in vogue in the ministry of railways.
in the latest instance, all officers, including railway board members, are flying economy class.
the matter got highlighted in the internal circles recently when a board member found himself on the same plane with a subordinate officer in the same class.
but before take-off, the subordinate officers ticket got upgraded to business class by a stroke of fate.
so as the officer travelled in luxury without any additional cost, the railway board member, one of the top seven officers of indian railways, had to travel in economy.
share this article related article goa election results 2017: bjp stakes claim to form governemt under manohar parrikargoa election results 2017: bjp stakes claim to form governemt under manohar parrikar elections results 2017 highlights: goa governor mridula sinha appoints manohar parrikar as chief ministerelections results 2017 highlights: goa governor mridula sinha appoints manohar parrikar as chief minister manohar parrikar under opposition attack in rajya sabhamanohar parrikar under opposition attack in rajya sabha goa assembly elections: cm has to be young at heart, though slightly elder, says manohar parrikargoa assembly elections: cm has to be young at heart, though slightly elder, says manohar parrikar pampore attack an act of frustration: manohar parrikarpampore attack an act of frustration: manohar parrikar manohar parrikar says some ex-pms 'compromised' india's deep assets, congress demands evidencepoetry & queriesadman piyush pandey is likely to host this years talkathon with finance minister arunjaitley on the day the budget is presented.
pandey, who is also a member of the shyam benegal committee looking into the censor board revamp, will put questions received through social media to the fm.
last year, author chetan bhagat had been roped in for the job.
shaken and stir-redthe jat unrest in haryana found a voice at the all-party meeting on monday, both seriously as well as in a lighter vein.
there were demands that the reservation row be discussed in parliament given that fact there have been quota agitations by kapu community in andhra pradesh and patels in gujarat recently.
injecting some humour, cpms sitaram yechury said half the mps present in the room had to come without taking a bath since the unrest has ensured disruption in water supply to delhi.
the issue, he underlined, was serious and merits discussion.
b'presiding judge ronny abraham of france (far right) and other judges enter the courtroom at the hague on thursday.
ap photo presiding judge ronny abraham of france (far right) and other judges enter the courtroom at the hague on thursday.
ap photocategorically rejecting pakistans arguments of sovereignty and its claims of due process, the international court of justice (icj) at the hague thursday stayed the execution of former indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav until the court gives its final decision after the completion of proceedings.
jadhav, 46, who is in pakistans custody since march last year, had been sentenced to death by a military court  its proceedings were secret  on april 10 on charges of espionage and subversive activities.
within hours of the verdict, india called it the first step in ensuring justice, and one which was a matter of great relief for people of the country.
read | tussle between army, govt will shape how the hague verdict plays out in pakistanthe verdict accepted indias key arguments, including the one about icjs jurisdiction for which it had cited violation of the vienna convention on consular relations.
this had been challenged by pakistan at the hearing on may 15.
the hague also accepted new delhis argument about the urgency of the matter which had also been contested by islamabad citing the 150-day clemency period.
what was special about the verdict, from new delhis point of view, was that it was a unanimous one by an 11-judge bench  a significant diplomatic achievement in the current standoff with islamabad.
the court did not issue directions on consular access, which is going to be the next step for india.
while all eyes are on pakistan on whether the civilian government led by pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif is able to lean on the powerful military and grant consular access, sources in new delhi told the indian express that they are considering reiterating their request for consular access again in the next few days.
while there were differing voices in pakistan on whether the icj order will be implemented or not, new delhi reminded them that the order is legally binding.
reading out the verdict, three days after it was argued by both sides, icj president ronny abraham said: pakistan shall take all measures at its disposal to ensure that mr jadhav is not executed pending the final decision in these proceedings and shall inform the court of all the measures taken in implementation of the order.
the united nations highest judicial body, which had earlier been approached by india, noted:  the mere fact that mr jadhav is under a death sentence and might therefore be executed is sufficient to demonstrate the existence of a risk of irreparable prejudice to the rights claimed by india.
pakistan has indicated that any execution of mr jadhav would probably not take place before the month of august 2017.
this means that there is a risk that an execution could take place at any moment thereafter, before the court has given its final decision in the case.
the court also notes that pakistan has given no assurance that mr jadhav will not be executed before the court has rendered its final decision.
in those circumstances, the court is satisfied that there is urgency in the present case the court also decides that, until it has given its final decision, it shall remain seized of the matters which form the subject matter of this order.
as soon as the order came, prime minister narendra modi reportedly spoke to external affairs minister sushma swaraj who described the verdict as a great relief.
they thanked senior lawyer harish salve who headed the battery of lawyers presenting indias case.
while swaraj said the government will leave no stone unturned to save jadhav, finance minister arunjaitley said the verdict endorsed the relevance and necessity of procedural and substantive fairness that was denied by pakistan.
home minister rajnath singh said the order gave people of india a deep sense of satisfaction and relief.
he said the modi government will go to any extent to save jadhav.
officials in south block, glued to their tv screens from 3.
30 pm when the verdict was read out at the hague, said the fact that the icj had endorsed indias legal position on all counts was a major sense of satisfaction.
gopal baglay, the ministry of external affairs (mea) official spokesperson, said: the provisional relief provided by the icj is the first step in ensuring justice to jadhav.
the order by the icj is unanimous, favourable, clear and unambiguous.
the verdict a matter of great relief for people of the country.
read | kulbhushan jadhavs execution stayed by icj: full text of verdictin her tweets, swaraj said: the icj order has come as a great relief to the family of kulbhushan jadhav and people of india.
i assure the nation that under the leadership of prime minister modi we will leave no stone unturned to save kulbhushan jadhav.
asserting its jurisdiction over the case, the icj said in its order: the parties do indeed appear to have differed, and still differ today, on the question of indias consular assistance to mr. jadhav under the vienna convention.
it further notes that the acts alleged by india, i.
e.
, the alleged failure by pakistan to provide the requisite consular notifications with regard to the arrest and detention of mr jadhav, as well as the alleged failure to allow communication and provide access to him, appear to be capable of falling within the scope of the convention.
in the view of the court, this is sufficient to establish that it has prima facie jurisdiction under article i of the optional protocol.
the court further observes that the existence of a 2008 bilateral agreement between the parties on consular relations does not change its conclusion on jurisdiction.
pakistan had cited the bilateral consular access agreement to challenge icjs jurisdiction whereas india had invoked the international law, the globally accepted vienna convention.
the icj also backed indias contention that there has been violation of the vienna convention on consular relations since its requests for consular access to its national had been denied.
the court then turns to the question whether the rights alleged by india are at least plausible.
it observes that the rights to consular notification and access between a state and its nationals, as well as the obligations of the detaining state to inform the person concerned without delay of his rights with regard to consular assistance and to allow their exercise, are recognised in article 36, paragraph 1, of the vienna convention, and that india has alleged violations of this provision.
in the view of the court, therefore, it appears that the rights alleged by india are plausible, the court order stated.
on the issue of urgency shown by new delhi, the icj once again backed new delhis stance: it considers that the mere fact that mr. jadhav is under a death sentence and might therefore be executed is sufficient to demonstrate the existence of a risk of irreparable prejudice to the rights claimed by india.
the court further observes that pakistan has indicated that any execution of mr. jadhav would probably not take place before the month of august 2017.
this means that there is a risk that an execution could take place at any moment thereafter, before the court has given its final decision in the case.
the court also notes that pakistan has given no assurance that mr. jadhav will not be executed before the court has rendered its final decision.
in those circumstances, the court is satisfied that there is urgency in the present case.
pakistan had told the court that the 150-day clemency period could last till august, since he was sentenced on april 10.
asked about the statement by the pakistan foreign office that it does not accept the icjs jurisdiction in matters related to national security, baglay said icj president had made it very clear that the verdict is legally binding international obligation.
members of parliament are set to get increased allowances with the union cabinet on wednesday giving its nod to a proposal to hike the allowances by amending housing and telephone facilities (members of parliament) rules, 1956, members of parliament (constituency allowance) rules, 1986, and members of parliament (office expense allowance) rules, 1988.
once cleared, the mps will be entitled to an increase in allowances for furniture from rs 75,000 to rs 1 lakh, which shall be increased after every five years, commencing from april 2023 on the basis of cost inflation index.
the constituency allowance of rs 45000 has also been increased to 70,000 per month, with the changes set to be effective from april 1, 2018.
the office expense allowance has been increased from rs 45000 per month to rs 60,000 and will be applicable from april 2018.
at present, centre spends around rs 2.
7 lakh a month on an mp.
the revision of allowances will lead to an additional financial burden of rs 39 crore under recurring expenditure and over rs 6 crore under non-recurring expenditure on the exchequer.
the lok sabha has 536 mps, including two nominated from the anglo-indian community, and the speaker.
there are eight vacancies.
the rajya sabha has 239 members.
broadband internet facility will also be provided to mps starting from august 2006 against 10,000 surrendered call units per annum on landline connection.
among other perks will be wi-fi zone with monthly tariff plan of rs 1700 from september 2015 to december 2016 and rs 2200 from january 2017 onwards.
the cabinet decision will be conveyed to the joint committee on salaries and allowances of members of parliament for making amendments in the relevant rules, which shall be approved and confirmed by the chairman of the council of states and the speaker of house of the people and will be published in the official gazette.
i categorically state that the central government has no plan to impose any tax on agriculture income, he said in a tweet.
the minister further clarified that as per the constitutional allocation of powers, the centre has no jurisdiction to impose tax on agricultural income.
debroy had yesterday said taxes should be imposed on farm income above a certain threshold to expand the tax base.
on expanding the base on the personal income tax side, other than elimination of exemptions, is to also tax rural sector, including agriculture income above certain threshold, debroy had said.
taxing agricultural income is a politically sensitive issue and successive governments have refrained from doing so.
jaitley had earlier on march 22 assured parliament: agriculture income is not taxed and will not be taxed.
b'gst bill: finance minister arunjaitley coming out after the goods and services tax (gst) bill was passed by the rajya sabha at parliament house in new delhi on wednesday evening.
(pti photo) gst bill: finance minister arunjaitley coming out after the goods and services tax (gst) bill was passed by the rajya sabha at parliament house in new delhi on wednesday evening.
(pti photo)while analysts and industry captains are not ruling out initial hiccups while moving towards the one nation, one market concept under the goods and services tax (gst) regime, indian industry is set to benefit from the new tax system in a big way over the years.
india inc. is expecting efficient allocation of resources, fewer supply disruptions, a check on inflation, tax buoyancy and improvement in compliance, leading to an increase of up to two percentage points in the economic growth a year after gst is operational.
the manufacturing sector in particular is expected to be a big beneficiary of gst as the economic system becomes more competitive.
as gst will be aligned with an information technology platform, the tax payment system would also be streamlined.
its going to be a tough task to roll out the gst but the new tax system is expected to become a standardized, workable format after some fine-tuning and alignments across the states, industry circles said.
as confederation of indian industry president naushad forbes said, the supply chain would become faster, seamless and more efficient by allowing for uninterrupted movement of goods across the country.
cii anticipates that implementation of gst from april 1, 2017 would reduce transaction costs and boost gdp by 1.
52 percentage points.
once implemented, gst will subsume all of the countrys central and state level duties and taxes, thus making the country a national market and contribute significantly to the growth of the economy.
as 50 per cent of the states will have to okay the bill, indian companies will get enough time to get ready for the gst.
take the fast-moving consumer goods (fmcg) segment, as an example.
the implementation of gst will bring in a lot of positives for the fmcg sector as the effective tax rate will be reduced by 200-500 basis points.
this augurs well for big guns in the segment like itc, hindustan unilever and godrej.
gst bill: here is how india inc is reactinga major factor is that the gst will help the industry in optimising warehousing and inventory carrying costs.
the gst will eliminate a lot of inter-state taxes, the current bane of india inc
this would have a positive impact on companies like container corp of india and adani sez.
a positive for the logistics will have a rolling effect on the consumer durables industry as they will be hugely benefited by the reduced logistical spending.
gst will turn out to be positive trend for companies like voltas and havells.
we believe that gst is a welcome move as it will not just help in removing economic distortions but will also build transparency.
the consumer will be the beneficiary as it will help drive consumption and simultaneously fuel growth for the consumer durables sector, said sunil dsouza, managing director, whirlpool of india.
gst will lead to a realignment of warehousing and supply chain requirements of companies.
this should lead to increased demand for inland container depots (icds), container freight stations (cfss), multi modal logistics parks and container trains.
while the service tax burden will increase, the industry should be able to pass it on to trade without impacting their margins.
the rapidly-expanding retail segment is another big beneficiary.
gst would turn out to be a panacea to myriad tax issues plaguing the retail sector.
importantly, gst aims to do away with the cascading effect of multiple indirect tax levies and provides for seamless flow of credits, both of which are expected to significantly and positively impact the retail sector.
additionally, with goods expected to be taxed at 18 per cent, the prices of most categories of goods is expected to come down, said mahesh jaising, partner, bmr & associates llp.
various manufacturing sectors like cement and automobiles will benefit from gst, industry spokespersons said.
this is primarily because of the removal of cascading effect of tax on the cost of goods and services that is expected with gst.
currently, most of car manufactures are located in few of the states in india.
when they sell cars to other states, they charge two per cent cst, which is currently included in the cost of car as it is not creditable.
however, in gst regime, credit will be available.
currently, the mrp based payment of excise is applicable on accessories leading to higher landed cost.
in the gst regime, it will go away.
the other aspect is an easy credit mechanism so that all taxes on inputs are set off against the output liability of gst.
input may be capital goods or input service, credit of all is available for set off, said ak rastogi, gm finance, nippon audiotronix.
how can india inc make the switch-over to gst smooth?
since all indirect taxes will be subsumed, companies would need to bring in significant change in processes, training teams and developing it systems for being gst compliant.
organizations will have to upgrade their technology infrastructure, as most of the processes are automated in the gst regimes in respect of tax credit, redesigning of invoices and other procedural aspects.
the structural transformation of gst in the long term will be enormous and as such the passage of the bill is very welcome.
in our bank we are fully geared to meet the implementation challenges and necessary it support for it will be in place in due time, said arundhati bhattacharya, chairman, sbi.
its going to be a win-win situation for all.
as chanda kochhar, md & ceo, icici bank, said, consumers will see lower prices in the medium term, businesses will able to operate more efficiently and the government will see a broadening of its tax base along with ease of tax collection.
rana kapoor, md & ceo, yes bank, put it very succinctly: implementation of gst in one sweep is reinforcing conviction in believe in india.
finance minister arunjaitley was on wednesday discharged from a hospital where he had undergone an elective laparoscopic procedure for diabetes management last week.
later, arunjaitley (61) attended a meeting of the union cabinet, which was chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
railways minister suresh prabhu.
(express file photo) railways minister suresh prabhu.
(express file photo)railways minister suresh prabhu on wednesday said he himself had volunteered for clubbing of railways budget with the general budget, and it was not a take over by the finance ministry.
ending a nearly century-old practice of having a separate budget for railways, the government from the current fiscal merged it with the general budget, which was presented by finance minister arunjaitley on february 1.
during an exclusive interaction with pti, prabhu was talking about the vision for making the public transport more efficient and profitable.
he said there was only one source of funds for the railways, and that was the budget.
arun arunjaitley will always say i have so many priorities and rightly so.
if i were the finance minister i will say the same thing, he said.
to a question on merger of rail budget with the union budget, the minister quipped: i voluntarily gave it up.
it was not a take over.
it was a voluntary merger.
a separate budget for railways has been presented to parliament since 1924 even though neither the constitution nor legal requirements call for a separate budget.
the practice has now been discontinued.
union finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday cleared the air over the terms of reference of the 15th finance commission, saying a needless controversy is being created over the issue.
nothing could be further from truth.
some southern states have raised concerns over a new population-based formula for tax sharing between the centre and states.
the 15th finance commission, constituted in november 2017, has recognised population as an important criteria for distribution of taxes and said it will use data from the 2011 census while making recommendations for the five-year period beginning from 2020.
the southern states, however, want the recommendations to be based on 1971 census data.
this is because, as compared to northern states, south india has recorded significant progress in population control or in the replacement rate of population growth.
in his statement, he rejected the claim and said theres no inherent bias or mandate in the tors of the 15th fc which can be construed as discriminatory against the states which made good progress in population control.
jaitley explained that the share in central taxes is allocated to the states based on recommendations made by the finance commissions (fcs) to help states to meet fiscal deficiency in providing a minimum standard of services to their people.
this calls for assessing states needs on rationale and equitable basis.
fcs use appropriate criteria to assess true needs of states.
population proxies very well for the needs of the people in quantitative sense.
another criterion, the income distance, which captures very well relative poverty of people in the states, is used to assess qualitative needs.
these two parameters allocate more resources to the populous and poorer states, which need additional funds for providing education, health and other services to the people, which own resources of these poorer states may otherwise not allow.
his statement further said: the 14th fc had no specific mandate for using 2011 census.
yet, 14th fc rightly used the 2011 census population data to capture the demographic changes since 1971 to make realistic assessment of the needs of the states.
it allocated 10  weight to 2011 population.
the 14th fc had allocated a 42  share in the central taxes to the states more than ever before.
the union minister said that the tors of the 15th fc balance both the needs represented by the latest p[opulation and progress towards population control very well.
there is specific inclusion of another reference, i.
e.
, efforts and progress made in moving towards replacement rate of population growth in the terms of references of the 15th fc.
this tor recognises the efforts of all the states which have done well in population control.
this specific tor would allow the 15th fc to propose a specific incentive scheme to reward the states which have achieved replacement level of population growth, and also, if the 15th fc wishes to do so, to assign appropriate weight to the progress made in population control while allocating resources, he stated.
b'finance minister arunjaitley and minister of state for urban development babul supriyo with bengal cm mamata banerjee at the swearing-in ceremony, in kolkata friday.
(source: subham dutta) finance minister arunjaitley and minister of state for urban development babul supriyo with bengal cm mamata banerjee at the swearing-in ceremony, in kolkata friday.
there is this historic opportunity to occupy the space of the anti-left feeling and our long-term strategy will be towards that this time it is a hat-trick of anti-left voting.
our primary objective in the long run is to occupy the space of the left and become the principal opposition party in the state.
the footprint has been registered by us, he said, addressing the media after the swearing-in ceremony.
bjps performance in the recent elections  three seats and a vote share of 10 per cent  is the best ever for the party in bengal assembly polls.
choosing not to focus on the fact that the party failed to build on its 17 per cent vote share during the 2014 lok sabha polls, arunjaitley described the partys inroads in kerala and west bengal as a success story.
the ceremony was boycotted by the state unit of bjp.
the union finance minister, however, clarified that political difference apart, the federal structure of the country has to be respected.
if anybody thought that the humiliating poll drubbing could somehow dilute the clout of team rahul in running the congress, they had to be hugely mistaken.
while most of those inside and outside the party blamed the vice-presidents core team of mostly politically neutral advisors for hijacking the partys poll management leading to its decimation, neither sonia nor rahul gandhi seems to buy this argument.
rahuls close aide and party general secretary madhusudan mistry who had been entrusted the envious though onerous task of shortlisting candidates for the entire country has been facing flak since the day of poll results.
the congress high command has, however, continued to repose full faith in him and has now asked him to carry out the same exercise of preparing the panel of candidates for all assembly constituencies in poll-bound states, including maharashtra and haryana.
whats in a namewhile the jury is out on finance minister arunjaitley maiden budget, health ministry babus have some issues with the naming of some institutes proposed by him.
latin american flavourwith prime minister narendra modi set to engage with the leaders of south american countries this week during his visit to brazil for the brics summit, south block is going the whole hog with its diplomacy towards the latin americans.
as an outreach effort, the government is starting a spanish website for the ministry of external affairs.
this website went live on saturday, ahead of modis trip starting sunday.
now, it remains to be seen whether such efforts give the much-needed fillip to indias engagement with the south american continent, which is being wooed by china for some years.
fast-tracking workthough initially reluctant to join the government, home minister rajnath singh seems to be loving his job now.
just before the parliament session began last week, singh called for all the pending files with the ministry, including the ones pending since the upas time.
he cleared them all in a jiffy.
it is learnt that singh cleared around 200 files on one such day.
tailpieceduring an inspection of kalawati saran childrens hospital saturday, health minister dr harsh vardhan was upset by the lack of air-conditioning in the waiting areas of the hospital and the exposed wires.
when a senior doctor tried to assure him that they were aware of the problem and following up with the cpwd, the minister shouted being aware is not enough.
b'setting up an aiims in the home state of prime minister narendra modi was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in the 2017-2018 budget.
(file photo) setting up an aiims in the home state of prime minister narendra modi was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in the 2017-2018 budget.
(file photo)it has been more than one year since the centre sanctioned an aiims for gujarat, but the project is yet to take off with two regions of the state fighting to house the premier medical institute.
the issue figured in the ongoing gujarat assembly session.
last thursday, mlas of saurashtra were pitted in the house against those of vadodara over which area should get the hospital.
deputy chief minister nitin patel had to warn the two sides not to make it an issue of region as this may force the centre to rethink on giving an aiims to gujarat.
setting up an aiims (all india institutes of medical sciences) in the home state of prime minister narendra modi was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in the 2017-2018 budget.
on demand from vadodara in central gujarat and rajkot in saurashtra, the state government had identified potential sites near both cities and shown them to officials of the union health department.
the question regarding the proposed aiims was raised by congress mla shailesh parmar during the question hour, who sought to know the progress of the project.
during a discussion on the issue, congress mla from lathi virji thummar said the aiims should be set up in rajkot as it will help the people of the entire saurashtra region.
he said vadodara, the other contender, is a developed city having various health facilities.
in comparison, rajkot and saurashtra lack good medical facilities and the aiims there will help fill that gap.
congress mlas harshad ribadiya and vikram madam (both from saurashtra) also demanded that the aiims be allocated to rajkot.
bjp mla from raopura (vadodara) yogesh patel, however, pitched for his city, saying as it is located in central gujarat and 60 per cent of the states population can benefit if the hospital comes up there.
other vadodara mlas supported him.
nitin patel, who also handles the health portfolio, urged mlas not to make it a regional issue and let the centre decide on the place.
the centre will think twice before giving aiims to gujarat.
what is important is to have an aiims in gujarat.
the people of the state can benefit from it wherever it comes up.
patients from rajasthan and even madhya pradesh come to the ahmedabad civil hospital for treatment, the deputy chief minister told the house.
speaking in parliament in december 2017, union minister of state for health and family welfare ashwini kumar choubey had said, the gujarat government had offered sites (for establishing an aiims).
a central team has inspected these sites and submitted a report.
b'the lodha panel recommendations would affect bosses of a lot of state associations.
(source: ap) the lodha panel recommendations would affect bosses of a lot of state associations.
(source: ap)justice r m lodha in his report suggesting reforms for the bcci, recommended that ministers and government servants be kept out of the administration of the sports body.
former minister veerappa moily had earlier made the same suggestion.
both their suggestions, not surprisingly, have been received with some scepticism by politicians.
politicians point out that judges and sportsmen are the only two categories of people who insist on being paid hefty remuneration for working for sports bodies, while politicians and others offer their time and services for free.
justice lodha, for instance, received rs 2 lakh per sitting from the bcci, as did the other two former judges on his panel.
in the bcci, the late nawab pataudi, sunil gavaskar, and ravi shastri charged rs 1 crore annually for their services, while other board members worked for free.
when sunil gavaskar was appointed acting chairperson of the ipl for 15 days, he billed the body rs 3 crore, claiming compensatory payments for professional undertakings he had to drop in order to work for the association.
taped conversationnsa ajit doval may not have categorically told a journalist that talks with pakistan were off because of the pathankot attack, but he did remark that until pakistan took action on the perpetrators of pathankot to indias satisfaction, there would be no peace talks.
there were other indiscreet references in the interview with a dainik bhaskar online reporter.
doval compared pathankot with the paris attack, which he claimed was a far greater intelligence failure.
hardly diplomatic, since france was dovals next port of call.
he felt that if the french agencies had not taken so long to act against suspected extremists, many more lives could have been saved.
doval now denies he gave the interview.
he presumably was briefing a reporter, whom he considered a sympathiser, off the record.
he was not aware that the publication had taped his telephonic conversation.
single-handed showthe pathankot attack follow-up was dealt with almost single-handedly by nsa ajit doval who flew to the airbase with pm modi.
modi was informed throughout of developments, but all other committees which were specifically formed to handle such crises were kept out of the loop.
the national security council, which includes the home minister and various officials from top security agencies, did not meet till after the crisis was resolved.
sops for journosstarting from the days of arjun singhs time as cm, successive madhya pradesh governments have doled out favours to journalists.
government bungalows at nominal rents are routinely allotted to scribes.
cm shivraj singh chouhan has been liberal even in disbursing advertisements to news websites.
a recent survey found that a majority of the registered websites are non-functional and 80 per cent are not updated.
sixty-eight journalists have been awarded generous cash prizes and, at the suggestion of journalists, chouhan even doubled the prize money.
despite the favours, there has been no let-up in reporting on the vyapam scam.
the mp government recently decided to set up a committee to have a re-look at the policy of generous funding of media persons.
new charchain the run-up to the 2016 budget, the chief economic adviser arvind subramanian has organised a north block policy charcha.
some three to four meetings have been held so far to discuss what is called quantum jumps in new ideas in budget formation.
apart from officials, senior economists have also been invited for the discussions.
finance minister arunjaitley is a special invitee.
appropriating iconslast year, the badal government in punjab observed the 150th birth anniversary of freedom fighter lala lajpat rai.
the celebrations began from lala lajpat rais village dhudike in moga district and involved schools and colleges throughout the state.
a stamp was released in his honour.
with the 150th anniversary year coming to a close on january 28, this year the central government is keen to enter the picture and commemorate the occasion in a big way.
the hrd ministry will organise programmes throughout the country.
the congress feels that this is one more attempt by the bjp to appropriate one of its party icons.
last year, modi had tweeted on punjab kesari lala lajpat rais unique personality which was ahead of his time.
this year too, the pm is expected to pay rich tributes to rai on january 28.
finance minister arun jaitley.
(file photo) finance minister arun jaitley.
(file photo)finance minister arunjaitley today slammed the debate on obsolete ideas like paper ballot versus electronic voting machines and cash as opposed to digital payment, saying they are diversionary tactics.
speaking at ciis annual meeting here, he said there is a need to take the debates on use of unique identity number and electronic voting machines (evms) head on as the world has moved forward.
we need to worry about the shrillness and the diversion in the nature of debate, he said, referring to the call by opposition parties against use of evms for casting votes in elections.
the opposition attack got shriller after the results of assembly elections in five states, including uttar pradesh.
in (my) budget speech i quoted (mahatma) gandhiji that a right cause never fails.
and therefore there is going to be a debate on obsolete ideas that cash is better than digitisation, paper is better than evms, arbitrary selection of individuals is better than a unique identity, he said.
these debates are all diversions of going back to obsolete ideas, he said.
giving citizens a 12-digit unique identification number or aadhaar, which can be verified biometrically, is one of the greatest reforms in india, he said.
we must have broad shoulders to encounter this debate but we must eventually realise that as the world moves forward, it is the unique identity which will be one of the greatest reforms in india, he said.
he said evm with all its additionalities being preferred over paper ballot would mean much better proposition and a digitised economy will be much better than a cash economy.
and therefore those who argue going back to the obsolete ideas, eventually is not a cause which is likely to ever succeed, arunjaitley added.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
(express photo/praveen jain) finance minister arun jaitley.
(express photo/praveen jain)members of parliament are set to get increased allowances with the union cabinet on wednesday approving a proposal in this regard.
the constituency allowance, furniture allowance and communication expenses of the mps would go up considerably, sources in the government said.
the parliamentary affairs ministry had proposed an increase in the constituency allowance from rs 45,000 a month to rs 60,000.
the ministry had also proposed that the one-time furniture allowance be hiked to rs one lakh from the present rs 75,000.
the remuneration of an mp includes a basic salary of rs 50,000 per month and rs 45,000 as constituency allowance, apart from other perks.
the centre spends around rs 2.
7 lakh a month on an mp.
as on wednesday, excluding the speaker, the lok sabha has 536 mps, including two nominated from the anglo-indian community.
there are eight vacancies.
the rajya sabha has 239 members.
the supreme court.
(file photo) the supreme court.
(file photo)questioning the basic structure doctrine that acts as a check against legislative over-reach, a congress member of parliament from rajya sabha has written to finance minister arunjaitley asking the bjp to act against what he calls judicial encroachments to parliamentarian rights and has asked for a special session to discuss judicial activism.
shantaram naik from goa has questioned the validity of the basic structure doctrine, a supreme court ruling-backed principle under which certain basic features of the constitution, including fundamental rights, cannot be altered, diluted or destroyed through amendments by parliament.
the principle, reinforced in the 1973 kesavananda bharti case, is considered a touchstone in the debate over separation of powers and a bulwark against government excess.
i feel the time has come.
the bjp can do it.
they can challenge this doctrine, naik told the indian express.
in lok sabha the bjp has a majority, and in rajya sabha they can agree with a consensus.
but its only bjp who can now act on this and stop this systematic encroachment by the judiciary,.
saying in person every party, every politician feels the same, he said: if you call for a discussion through a special session of parliament then everyone will come forward to put this on record.
you will be surprised, but everyone is fed up of this judicial encroachment that has only increased over the years.
in a letter addressed to arunjaitley and union law minister ravi shankar prasad, naik writes, perhaps, you may or may not agree with me with respect to all the points that i seek to articulate on the issue of judicial interference but, it started with invention of basic structure if the constitution which, even dr b r ambedkar, perhaps never dreamt in his wildest dreams but, has, today, has become a law, which perhaps, no one can touch.
the letter further reads, if there was anything called basic structure incorporated in the constitution, founders of our constitution would have, certainly seen it but, it is supreme court of india who discovered that there was what is called basic structure imbibed in the constitution which, the parliamentarians, who are the representatives of the people, according to supreme court cannot question.
this means, if, presuming for a moment, parliamentarians desire through any democratic process, to change countrys parliamentary form of government to presidential form of government, they are forbidden from doing so as, according to the judgment, it would be changing of basic structure.
naiks tenure in rajya sabha ends on july 20, 2017.
he has been chairman of the parliamentary standing committee on law.
over the last few months, naik says, he dabbled with the idea of a written letter and finally wrote it wednesday.
i have spoken about this in private to arunjaitley thrice, while i was in upa.
in fact, more recently i took it up with him when even matters like a mps salary had judicial intervention.
but i didnt put that on record as it would seem petty.
i have been voicing this for a while, over the basic structure and judicial excess to my own party leaders and i had given the same suggestion to our law minister veerappa moily.
we couldnt do much as we do not have the required numbers in rajya sabha or lok sabha the way bjp now has, he said.
he is yet to officially inform his top brass or any one in congress about his correspondence.
today there are so many orders including how much weight a child should carry in his school bag, the nature of shops around highways, the dance bar issue etc.
what are the parliaments doing, if judges decide for all, he adds.
pointing specifically to the liquor bar ban near highways, he writes, as prime minister cannot decide judicial matters, so also, judges cannot interfere in the matters which are allotted to legislature and executive on the grounds that executive and legislature have failed to discharge their responsibilities.
b'three months without salary and no resolution in sight, teachers are out of classrooms, and on the streets.
we report on 13,000 men and women stuck between mcd-delhi government tusslesince december last year, more than 13,000 primary teachers of schools run by the north and east municipal corporations have not been paid salaries.
the desperation over how to make ends meet and resentment against the authorities spilled over to the streets last month, when 1,500 teachers marched from the civic centre to the delhi secretariat demanding that they be paid.
such agitations, unfortunately, are not alien to the capital, which has seen teachers take to the streets at least four times this year.
the story  this time and almost every time before it  remains the same: cash-strapped civic bodies blame insufficient funding from the aap-run delhi government for the delay, while government officials said they paid what is owed to the three civic bodies, each run by the bjp.
stuck in the middle are the teachers: while the east body owes rs 120 crore to its 5,433 teachers, the north owes rs 153 crore to 7,802 teachers.
the civic bodies are reeling under a budget deficit of rs 3,000 crore and rs 3,250 crore respectively.
with their bills mounting and the situation at home growing more dire by the day, teachers told the indian express that a strike from work could be their last resort.
salary our rightwhen 46-year-old khem chand, a teacher at a north corporation school, died of a heart attack last month, teachers made a link with non-payment of salary.
chand, from rajasthans alwar, had been working at 64, khambha nigam vidyalaya in chandni chowk for the last 20 years.
he earned rs 50,000 a month, but hadnt received his salary for at least two months.
his wife hemlata (44) said he had been worried over paying bills.
sitting in their mcd flat in new usmanpur with her four daughters and a son, she said she is yet to reconcile with what happened: my husband was worried over constant calls from the bank to pay our loan installments.
on january 17, the two had gone to a hospital to get medicines for hemlata, who had a cold and cough.
chand was to head to school from there, but he suffered a fatal heart attack at the hospital.
blaming the north delhi municipal corporation for his death, she said, we hadnt paid our electricity bill for three months, and our power supply was on the verge of being cut.
my husband said he would borrow money from someone  i found the bill in his pocket after he died.
he was the sole earning member.
of her five children, three are still in school.
basharat hussein, chands colleague, said, the family had to take his body to rajasthan to conduct the last rites so we teachers got together and helped them with the finances.
he added, chand is dead, but it could have been any of us we have to pay our childrens school fees too.
salary is our right, yet we have to beg for it.
in 2016, when sanitation workers had gone on strike and refused to pick up garbage over non-payment of salaries, teachers from the two corporations  also unpaid for two months  had joined their agitation.
if safai karamcharis go on strike, the problem is visible  theres garbage on the streets.
but when teachers go on strike, it does not affect authorities.
we dont want the children to suffer but without timely payment, we lose the motivation to teach, said mahipal singh (37), who teaches at a school in east delhis patparganj.
his wife, too, teaches in a school under the east delhi municipal corporation.
for the time being, the couple are relying on money borrowed from friends and relatives.
teachers also alleged that they are yet to get arrears  between rs 1.
5-2 lakh per teacher  since 2016.
north delhi municipal corporation mayor preety agarwal said, we have released a part of the salary and will release the pending amount soon.
but we need to look at the larger picture, which is the corporations financial crisis because of which not just teachers, but other departments are also hit.
we need to create more revenue-generating projects so that this problem is permanently solved.
the delhi government should also pay as per the recommendations of the fourth finance commission.
shifting blameaddressing teachers on february 27, parvesh sharma, the standing committee chairman of edmc, said the corporation is helpless as it has no funds: aap ko kapre chahiye the aur aap pahuch gaye jewellery ki dukan.
we have not stopped your salary; it is the arvind kejriwal-led delhi government which is not giving us rs 9,000 crore  our share under the fourth finance commission.
but dilip kumar, who has been teaching at a school in bhajanpura for 22 years, isnt buying it: this blame game has been on for years now.
when we go to the corporation, they blame the government.
the government says it has given the money.
if they cannot run schools, they should shut them down.
set up in 2009 to review sharing of taxes and finances between the centre, delhi and civic bodies, the fourth delhi finance commission (for 2011-16) had recommended a higher share in taxes collected by the state government to mcds to bolster their finances.
following trifurcation of the unified mcd in 2012, the north and east civic bodies slipped into an acute financial crisis.
instead of 5.
5  under the third commission (2006-2011), the fourth commission report had recommended 12.
5  share in state taxes, duties, fees and toll.
the report was tabled in december 2015 by the aap government.
but the government said it will implement the fourth committee recommendations once the centre increases its share of taxes  delhis share of central taxes has remained at rs 325 crore since 2001-02.
the government also maintained that it has released enough money to the corporations.
nobody knows how the mcds are draining this money.
i have asked the chief secretary to tell the corporations that the government is ready to take over primary schools, deputy chief minister and education minister manish sisodia told the indian express.
an east corporation official claimed that had the fourth finance committee recommendations been implemented in 2013, the corporation would have got rs 3,000 crore for the years 2013-14, 2014-15 and 2015-16.
a writ petition was also filed in the delhi high court on january 5, with the counsel for the north and east corporation maintaining that the delay in salaries is because of non-release of funds under the fourth finance commission by the delhi government.
accusing the delhi government of playing politics over the issue, delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari said, the corporations are also working for the same set of people who elected the aap to power.
they should give the money and let the corporations function as a local body.
delhi pradesh congress committee chief ajay maken claimed the total plan outlay to the mcds has decreased from 11.
76  in 2013-14, when the congress was last in power, to 8.
75  at present.
while there has been stepmotherly treatment by aap to the corporations, the bjp cannot run away from its responsibility.
during presidents rule in 2014, the delhi budget was presented by finance minister arun jaitley.
the plan outlay for mcds was cut from 11.
76  to 10.
27 .
but this does not mean the present fiscal crisis of the east and north civic bodies is just because of non-cooperation of the delhi government.
it is also because of failure of the mcds to utilise resources such as advertisements, parking, toll collection, property taxes and land banks, he said.
revival attemptin 2016, to bail out the ailing corporations, the government had released rs 374 crore under the municipal reform fund (mrf).
the delhi cabinet approved rs 145.
30 crore for the north, rs 110.
70 crore for the east and rs 118 crore for the south municipal corporations.
the money was allocated based on a formula worked out by the urban development department  which gave 50  weightage to population, 25  to area and 25  to population density for each corporation  on the basis of the third finance commissions recommendations.
two of the three corporations, north and east, do not qualify for allocation under mrf, the 2016 cabinet note had read.
however, owing to the crisis, funds were released for the two civic bodies, said an official.
last year, the east and north corporations sought a loan from the government.
for the east, we asked for a loan of rs 200 crore and for north, of rs 350 crore.
we are yet to get the loan, said yogendra singh mann, public relations officer of the two mcds.
unlike the north and east civic bodies, the south corporation has been paying its 5,500 permanent teachers on time, mainly because the civic body is not facing a budget deficit.
this has prompted teachers to demand unification of the civic bodies.
when the south corporation can manage to pay teachers, why cant others?
said ajay gupta, a teacher at an mcd school in rohini.
it was in april 2012, under the congress government, that the mcd was trifurcated into north, south and east for administrative efficiency.
twelve administrative zones were divided into six zones in the north, four in the south and two in the east.
before trifurcation, we never faced such a problem.
with no end in sight to the fight between the aap and the bjp, it is best that the corporations be unified again, said vibha singh, vice-president of the association of municipal corporation teachers.
former commissioner of the unified mcd, k s mehra, acknowledged that the fund shortage arose because of trifurcation.
earlier, salaries would be paid on the first day of the month.
if the corporation hadnt been trifurcated, resources wouldnt have been divided and salaries would have been paid on time, he said.
after the trifurcation, the government had released rs 150 crore in 2012-13 to the three corporations as an interim measure.
former delhi chief minister sheila dikshit, on the other hand, said trifurcation cannot be a reason for lack of funds.
stating that the south delhi civic body is running efficiently, she said: if trifurcation was the problem, it would have reflected in the first few years.
why are the corporations short of funds now?
it is because of the inefficient way in which the system is being run.
it is also important for the state government and corporations to work together.
when the congress was in power, we would provide funds to the corporations so that people did not suffer.
with no immediate solutions in sight, khem chands widow is finding it hard to keep hope alive.
we will have to vacate the flat (provided by the civic body) in two years.
since it was an untimely death, we wont receive the full pension amount i have borrowed money to manage expenses, but i dont know what to do once that runs out, hemlata said.
once passed by parliament, possession of more than 10 pieces of the old notes by individuals and more than 25 pieces for study, research or numismatics purpose will be a criminal offence attracting fine of rs 10,000 or five times the cash held, whichever is higher once passed by parliament, possession of more than 10 pieces of the old notes by individuals and more than 25 pieces for study, research or numismatics purpose will be a criminal offence attracting fine of rs 10,000 or five times the cash held, whichever is higherholding of more than 10 scrapped notes of rs 500/1000 denomination will be punishable with a minimum fine of rs 10,000, according to a new bill introduced in the lok sabha on friday with an aim of eliminating the possibility of running a parallel economy using these.
the bill, to replace the ordinance promulgated on december 30, also provides for a minimum fine rs 50,000 for false declaration by persons who were abroad during the demonetisation period (november 9-december 30, 2016) and given time to deposit the scrapped notes with rbi till march 31.
once passed by parliament, possession of more than 10 pieces of the old notes by individuals and more than 25 pieces for study, research or numismatics purpose will be a criminal offence attracting fine of rs 10,000 or five times the cash held, whichever is higher.
the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, which seeks to end the liability of rbi and the government on the currency notes demonetised in november last, was introduced by finance minister arunjaitley amid stiff opposition by trinamool congress, which called it illegal and anti-national.
giving rationale behind the legislation, the document placed before lok sabha says it is aimed at eliminating the possibility of running a parallel economy using the scrapped notes.
there is a possibility of running in a parallel economy by unscrupulous elements with specified bank notes unless the possession of such notes is declared illegal, it said.
the bill states that the government took the demonetisation decision on the recommendations of the rbis central board to eliminate unaccounted money and fake currency notes from the financial system.
the bill prohibits the holding, transferring or receiving of such notes from december 31, 2016 and seeks to confer power upon the court of a first class magistrate to impose penalty.
introduction of the bill was opposed by trinamool congress leader saugata roy, triggering a banter between him and arunjaitley who questioned the ground on which roy was opposing the move.
roy then took a jibe at arunjaitley , saying the minister was not aware of the lok sabha rules as he was never its member.
jaitley is a member of the rajya sabha.
the jibe evoked strong objections from the treasury benches with parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar saying the finance minister is an esteemed member of the cabinet and adjudged outstanding parliamentarian.
allowed by speaker sumitra mahajan to express his objection, roy said the bill is illegal as the demonetisation statement made by prime minister narendra modi was without any notification and it should have come from the rbi as it is the central bank which promises to pay the bearer of a currency note its real value.
it is outside the ministers legislative competence.
it (bill) is anti-national having never been a member of this house, he does not understand its rules, he said.
jaitley said roy was incorrect in several aspects and cited the law under which the demonetisation notification was introduced to asset that the due process was followed.
he then took a counter dig at roy, saying it will add to his parliamentary experience as now he is getting to learn.
the issue of demonetisation had virtually washed out the winter session.
mos home kiren rijiju/gurmehar kaur mos home kiren rijiju/gurmehar kaura campaign criticising the abvp, started by the daughter of an army captain who died fighting militants in jammu and kashmir, has drawn sharp reactions from several bjp leaders, including union ministers m venkaiah naidu and kiren rijiju, who told her not to abuse the motherland.
lady shri ram college student gurmehar kaur, 20, had posted a photo on facebook of her holding a placard in which she said she was not afraid of abvp and that every student of india was with her.
the photo was a response to last weeks clashes in north campus.
she went to the delhi commission for women on monday complaining that she had received rape and death threats online after which she was provided two home guard personnel.
watch video |gurmehar kaur withdraws save du campaign: heres what happenedread: gurmehar kaur withdraws from save du campaign, says been through a loton monday, rijiju, the minister of state for home affairs, posted a series of tweets, asking, whos polluting this young girls mind?
some people say they need freedom in india.
listen to those people taking shelter in india after facing torture in neighbouring countries, he wrote.
he also said that freedom of expression is not a license to shout anti-national slogans in campuses.
criticise the government but dont abuse the motherland.
im not anti-national, nobody is polluting my mind, kaur was quoted as having said, in response, by ani.
in an apparent reference to an earlier video, in which kaur had held up a placard saying pakistan did not kill my dad, war did, rijiju wrote, a strong arm force prevents a war.
india never attacked anyone but a weak india was always invaded everyone has right of views but she said pakistan didnt kill our brave martyr and india should shun war.
india never perpetrated violence.
bjp general secretary kailash vijayvargiya told the indian express that there cannot be any debate on nationalism.
no one in the country should support those who raise slogans against the nation.
everyone should stand against it.
if anyone still wants a debate on nationalism and if they are not happy with this country, they can leave this country and go to their favourite nations, he said.
watch video | minister of state home affairs kiren rijiju reacts to delhis ramjas college protest, says freedom of speech should not be exploitedbjp mp from mysore pratap simha tweeted a facebook post that put kaurs photo next to dawood ibrahims.
talking to the indian express from karnatakas kodagu district, simha said, is she in her senses?
i fully respect the sacrifice her father made for the country.
but how can she give a clean chit to pakistan?
if her father was alive, he would have slapped her.
she is an immature lady and what she said is illogical.
at a press conference in the evening, naidu, the union minister for information & broadcasting, said that certain misguided sections are trying to mislead the young population and create social tension.
dissent is agreeable but disintegration is not acceptable.
cant advocate separatism, naidu told reporters.
congress subverted peoples rights and now they accuse us saying theres no freedom of expression.
freedom of expression is guaranteed under the constitution of india, but it cant be used to create social tension or hurt the sentiments of people.
having a different opinion from the majority opinion is agreeable but not disintegration.
nobody can advocate disintegration, he added.
union law and communications minister ravi shankar prasad monday condemned the intimidation.
any kind of intimidation of this young girl is wrong and will be dealt with strongly, prasad told the indian express.
he added: everyone has got the right of freedom of speech and expression.
violence is not permissible at all.
but the country also needs to reflect that those who openly talk of breaking india, demanding that kashmir should be given independence and bastar should be made independent, do they have the right to campaign for breaking of india under cover of freedom of speech?
but violence has no place at all.
watch | what gurmehar kaur had to say on the issuekaurs facebook post came after clashes at north campus last week when the abvp objected to jnu students umar khalid and shehla rashid being invited to speak at a seminar at ramjas college.
the invite was withdrawn by the college authorities following opposition from the abvp.
on the placard, kaur wrote: i am a student from delhi university.
i am not afraid of abvp.
i am not alone.
every student of india is with me.
#studentsagainstabvp.
after the post went viral, kaur said she had been receiving rape threats on social media.
on monday, she approached the delhi commission for women.
several people criticising kaur had dug up an earlier video of her, in which she held up several placards, including one that read: pakistan did not kill my dad, war killed him.
the post simha shared on twitter showed kaur under the title soldiers daughter and dawood under the title policemans son.
dawoods image had the text: i didnt kill people in 1993, bombs killed them.
at the bottom of the image was the text: at least dawood did not use the crutches of his fathers name to justify his anti-national stand.
when contacted, simha said, i posted that just to highlight how illogical she is.
he added that only people sitting in the heart of the capital talk about freedom of speech.
they can talk about freedom of speech because our police forces and security personnel are guarding us.
there are thousands of families of slain policemen and soldiers in india.
kaur is not the only one.
why do we go to college  to gain knowledge and get a degree.
you should learn to be a responsible citizen and learn to protect the country, simha said.
he also asked whether kaur had thought of kashmiri pandits or those suffering from drought in villages.
watch video | virender sehwag tweets following kargil martyrs daughters anti-abvp postvijayvargiya said, the fact that she created a controversy over her fathers sacrifice shows that she lacks wisdom.
on tuesday, cricketer virender sehwag and actor randeep hooda had waded into the controversy, by posting tweets criticising kaur.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi, meanwhile, came out in support of the student, saying,  against the tyranny of fear, we stand with our students.
for every voice raised in anger, intolerance and ignorance, there will be a gurmehar kaur.
referring to a tweet by congress leader and former finance minister p chidambarm, questioning current finance minister over his statement that there was an alliance of subversion on certain indian campuses, prasad said, mr arunjaitley as dusu president was fighting against the emergency of indira gandhi where freedom of the media and individuals was curbed.
we were also fighting the same battle under jp in bihar.
but we dont know where was mr chidambaran then?
in a tweet after jaitleys talk at the london school of economics where he said that free speech in society needs to be debated, chidambarm had asked, when mr arunjaitley was president of dusu in 1975, was he heading an alliance of subversion?
b'the opposition expressed fears these would adversely affect job generation.
the opposition expressed fears these would adversely affect job generation.
the lok sabha passed amendments wednesday to taxation laws to widen provisions on exemption for employers in the textile sector, enable a seamless de-merger of vsnls land bank without attracting capital gains tax, and increase customs tariff on the marble industry from the current 10 per cent to the wto-bound rate of 40 per cent.
the opposition expressed fears these would adversely affect job generation.
the amendments to the income tax would pave the way for employers in the textile sector to avail tax benefits on additional employment after having worked for 150 days, rather than the 240 days of earlier.
the amendment has expanded the scope of section 80jjaa of the income tax, 1961.
section 80jjaa was substituted with the finance act 2016 to provide that in the case of certain assessees, in computing profits and gains derived from business, deduction would be allowed of an amount equal to 30 per cent of additional employee cost incurred in the course of such business in the previous year for the specified period, subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions.
indian garments are all summer garments.
we are not a great exporter of woolen garments.
therefore the nature of this trade in itself is seasonal.
although they supported the bill, opposition mps wondered about its prospects of enhancing job creation.
left parties maintained the reduction of working days to get tax benefits would lead to an increase in home-based work, an unorganised sector.
p k biju of the cpm said this has already increased from 23.
3 million (1999-2000) to 37.
4 million (2011-12).
the rsps n k premachandran said the real beneficiaries would be businessmen, not workers.
the amendments, which need to be cleared by the rajya sabha, will also help unlock the value of vsnl land.
jaitley said the bill seeks to exempt assets sale by the psu from capital gains tax.
once the bill is passed, the government will get 51 per cent of the de-merged land entity while uti, mutual funds, banks, fiis and adr holders will own 29 per cent.
watch video: whats making newsat the time it was privatised, vsnl had approximately 771 acres surplus land in various cities.
one of the covenants of the privatisation was that the land would be hived off into a separate entity, which it has been, and thereafter divided between the private shareholders with approximately 52 per cent coming to the government.
the change in the customs tariff act is aimed at boosting marble and granite producers.
some element of protection to domestic industry was required and, therefore, in terms of quantitative restrictions etc.
factories actthe lok sabha alsocleared the factories (amendment) bill that provides for an occupational safety and health board of india.
labour minister bandaru dattatreya said the factories act needs thorough change taking into account changes in manufacturing practices and emergence of new technologies, ratification of ilo conventions and judicial decisions.
the amendments include extending the total number of hours of work on overtime.
the changes will also enhance the limit of overtime hours from the present limit of 50 hours per quarter to 100 hour per quarter and to empower the central government and the states to make exempting rules, the minister said.
finance minister arunjaitley (file) finance minister arunjaitley (file)the gst council, which is meeting on saturday, is likely to finalise the draft model gst law including final drafting of the anti-profiteering clause to ensure benefit of lower taxes gets shared with consumers.
the council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising representatives of all states, is also likely to finalise the definition of agriculture and agriculturist as well as constitution of a national goods and services tax appellate tribunal to adjudicate disputes.
watch what else is making news:the law ministry has sent the approved language and draft of the model gst law, which outlines how the new national sales tax will be levied on goods and services.
the law ministry-approved draft and the language have been discussed on friday by the councils sub-committee comprising central and state officials.
the vetted draft will then be put up before the council at its 10th meeting scheduled to be held in udaipur on saturday.
the government intends to introduce the model gst law in parliament in the second half of the current budget session beginning next month, officials said.
the government is keen to roll out the new regime from july 1 but for that, it will have to get two laws  the central gst (cgst) act and integrated gst (igst) act approved by parliament and each of the state legislatives have to pass the state gst (sgst) act.
the model gst law provides a common draft of cgst act, sgst act.
besides, there is an igst law and compensation law.
officials said that the government is keen to pass benefit of lower taxes to consumers and so an anti-profiteering measure has been incorporated in the draft law.
it provides for constituting an authority to examine whether input tax credits availed by any registered taxable person, or the reduction in the price on account of any reduction in the tax rate, have actually resulted in a commensurate reduction in the price of the said goods and/or services supplied by him.
for example, a good or service is to be levied with a gst of 5 per cent.
but in course of supply, a 20 per cent tax is paid, whose input credit is taken.
so, the final consumer will be levied only 5 per cent tax and not 25 per cent, as the input credit of 20 per cent is already taken, an official explained.
this has to be declared at the time of filing returns by the taxpayer, the official said.
the taxable event under gst is supply of goods and services.
the place of supply of goods is the place where the goods are delivered, except in few cases.
the rbis latest financial stability report shows that the gross bad loan ratio of psu banks could be as high as 14.
2 per cent by march 2018 if there is no economic rebound.
the rbis latest financial stability report shows that the gross bad loan ratio of psu banks could be as high as 14.
2 per cent by march 2018 if there is no economic rebound.
the government has announced that a ministerial panel headed by the finance minister will oversee mergers among state-owned banks.
this comes at a time when bad loans as a ratio of total loans are already close to 10 per cent with indications that the ratio could worsen given the current economic conditions and the twin balance-sheet problem  of over-leveraged corporate balance-sheets and banks weighed down by bad loans.
thats why the so-called alternative mechanism to oversee mergers of psu banks could be seen as an attempt to skirt the challenge of infusing capital for banks which the government controls or divesting some of these weak banks.
over the last two decades, successive governments have indicated the policy option of consolidating indian banks to ensure a better functioning financial sector.
but that goal cannot be achieved by forcing a lender with a strong balance-sheet and a country-wide franchise or branch network to merge with a weak bank when the balance-sheets of most of the 21 state-run banks look stretched.
the rbis latest financial stability report shows that the gross bad loan ratio of psu banks could be as high as 14.
2 per cent by march 2018 if there is no economic rebound.
the credit rating agency, moodys, reckons that the government which has budgeted rs 10,000 crore this fiscal for capitalising banks will have to set aside close to rs 95,000 crore for 11 state-run banks over the next two years.
the global experience of such mergers in the financial sector has shown that they are bound to fail if they dont meet the test of efficiency, synergy and cultural fit.
it may be early to judge but the latest results show a deterioration in earnings of indias largest bank, state bank of india, after the merger of its associate banks with the parent.
given the context, it is debatable whether this planned consolidation will lead to rationalisation, both at the branch level and in terms of staff, and a more efficient banking system.
if the motive is only to shrink the universe of banks which the government controls, it will still not address the core issue of governance that underlies some of the problems faced by these banks.
for, that is tied in to the ownership of banks by the government.
pursuing the mergers of these banks without strengthening their balance-sheets and raising governance standards poses the risk of compounding the problems being faced by these lenders.
pm narendra modi arrives for the cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
renuka puri pm narendra modi arrives for the cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
renuka purithe overwhelming victory in uttar pradesh has given prime minister narendra modi unprecedented sway and space to bring about a major cabinet reshuffle but top sources in the government said such a rejig is unlikely to happen in a hurry.
following the elections, and the shifting of manohar parrikar to goa, the buzz has been all about the reshuffle and the selection of ups chief minister.
while home minister rajnath singh has denied speculation that he was moving to up, sources said the speed with which finance minister arunjaitley was asked to take additional charge of the defence portfolio from parrikar suggests that modi will choose his time to effect a reshuffle.
it is unlikely that a cabinet reshuffle will be done soon, said sources, indicating that the prime minister was keeping all cards close to his chest, for now.
the cabinet reshuffle, whenever it happens, will be a major one as just 26 months are left in the governments tenure.
it will likely be done with an eye on the governments economic performance, which will be more important for the prime minister in 2019 than the historic victory of 2017, said sources.
as for speculation over up, observers believe that rajnath singh belongs to the old set up of up bjp while the mandate clearly is for a complete change.
the counter argument, of course, is that the stature of rajnath would make it easy for him to be acceptable to the partys new mlas, irrespective of caste and other issues.
whoever can bring about the fast development of up will be made the chief minister.
the development card is the only criterion for the selection of chief minister.
the prime minister had pledged before voters that the new leader of lucknow has to perform fast and take up forward, said a party leader.
caste or community cannot be the criterion to select the chief minister as the mandate is to bring a new paradigm in up politics, the leader said.
sources said modi and bjp president amit shah were giving the final touches to the cabinet in up and uttarakhand, where the prime minister had given personal guarantees of good governance.
b'netajis grandnephew chandra bose, who has joined the bjp and contested unsuccesfully against mamata in the 2016 west bengal polls, too demanded an apology from jaitley.
netajis grandnephew chandra bose, who has joined the bjp and contested unsuccesfully against mamata in the 2016 west bengal polls, too demanded an apology from jaitley.
a tweet from finance minister arunjaitley handle on thursday morning, paying tribute to netaji subhas chandra bose on his death anniversary, has drawn a sharp reaction from trinamool congress.
whether bose died in the taipei crash on august 18 is a matter of debate, even though that has been the official position of the indian government for many years now.
the tweet, which has since been deleted, read, netaji subhas chandra bose was an icon of exemplary valor and sacrifice.
we remember and pay him our respectful tribute on his death anniversary.
trinamool supremo and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee responded on twitter: today is raksha bandhan i dont want to hurt anybody.
but shocked with @arunjaitley ji hurtful tweet this morning on netaji.
were all hurt.
netajis grandnephew chandra bose, who has joined the bjp and contested unsuccessfully against mamata in the 2016 west bengal polls, too demanded an apology from jaitley.
the mystery surrounding netajis death remains a volatile and highly emotive issue in bengal, particularly after two government inquiries concluded that he died in the air crash, while a third disagreed.
the debate intensified after the secret files on netaji, which were recently made public, indicated that the jawaharlal nehru-led congress government had spied on his family after his disappearance.
in september last year, mamata banerjee made public 65 files on netaji.
the centre too made public classified files linked to netaji.
prime minister narendra modi met members of the bose family last october and assured them that he would seek cooperation from other countries  uk and russia among them  in a bid to procure more secret files on the freedom fighter.
union finance minister arun jaitley.
(file photo) union finance minister arun jaitley.
(file photo)finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said investigative agencies are doing their best to ensure extradition of controversial businessman vijay mallya, who was arrested in london yesterday and later released on bail.
i think the government and all the investigating agencies are certainly putting (in) their best efforts because the agencies do believe that an offence has been committed for which the person (mallya) is required in india, the minister told reporters in new delhi.
the minister further said mallyas extradition is part of the judicial process in the uk.
its part of the judicial process in that country and the judicial process functions on certain considerations, he said in response to queries regarding mallyas extradition.
mallya, who has been declared a proclaimed offender by indian courts, was arrested in london by the scotland yard yesterday on indias request for his extradition on fraud charges.
he was, however, released on bail a few hours later on a bail bond worth 6,50,000 pound.
he is required to appear at westminster magistrates court on may 17.
the 61-year-old liquor baron has to face charges in indian courts in connection with loan default cases.
mallya, whose now-defunct kingfisher airlines owes more than rs 9,000 crore to various banks, had left india on march 2, 2016.
the indian government has since revoked his indian passport, but he has repeatedly dismissed all charges against him.
in january, an indian court ordered a consortium of lenders to start the process of recovering the loans.
india had placed a formal extradition request for mallya as per the extradition treaty between india and the uk through a note verbale on february 8.
earlier in january this year, a cbi court had issued a non-bailable warrant against mallya in the rs 720-crore idbi bank loan default case.
he is the owner of a formula one team.
while handing over the request, india had asserted that it has a legitimate case against mallya and maintained that if an extradition request is honoured, it would show british sensitivity towards our concerns.
b'the rbi has said that it will also probe these cases.
the rbi has said that it will also probe these cases.
a multi-agency group including officers from the investigative unit of the central board of direct taxes, the financial intelligence unit and the reserve bank of india will probe cases of over 500 indians whose names have been linked to offshore firms in overseas tax havens as revealed by the panama papers investigation by the indian express in collaboration with the international consortium of investigative journalists (icij) and suddeutsche zeitung (munich).
it is heartening, too, that finance minister arunjaitley has underlined that there are no holy cows in this regard.
the rbi has said that it will also probe these cases, even as governor raghuram rajan and arunjaitley himself have rightly cautioned that it is important to make a distinction between legitimate accounts and those that violate the law.
it is important for the government to make that distinction.
since august 2013, indias overseas direct investments scheme provides for individuals to invest in subsidiaries or wholly owned subsidiaries abroad, which makes it legitimate to set up firms overseas by complying with the rules and providing disclosures to authorities here.
indeed, some of the firms outed in the panama papers may very well be compliant with statutory norms.
however, thats not telling the whole story.
the question is: did many of those named in the list take recourse to floating firms in tax havens purely to avoid tax on their income, which they ought to have paid here?
globally, the rich and the elite have always sought to lower their tax burden through tax-efficient vehicles, with a thin line dividing legitimate tax planning and tax avoidance.
such practices, which lead to significant loss of revenue to governments, forced several countries to impose higher tax on the rich and super-rich, prompting some of those in the top bracket, as in france, to move to other locations.
indias case is different considering that the aximum marginal rate of tax at the highest income slab is still relatively reasonable and no longer regressive as it was three decades ago when the maximum rate was 97 per cent.
a country with a low tax to gdp ratio of about 10 per cent and with just over 42,000 income tax payers earning over rs 1 crore annually has a legitimate right to raise tax revenues to fund much-needed social and capital investments.
elsewhere, too, governments have been spurred into action to bring tax dodgers to book, leading to new global standards on the automatic exchange of information by 2017.
india is a signatory to this agreement, which should help plug cross-border tax adventurism.
the government should, along with the budget papers, put out in the public domain details of the number of taxpayers at various income brackets and collections.
that will only add to public legitimacy when it comes to ensuring greater tax compliance.
congress mp digvijaya singh with papers at parliament house on friday.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) congress mp digvijaya singh with papers at parliament house on friday.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)alleging gross constitutional impropriety by goa governor mridula sinha during the process of government formation in the state earlier this week, the congress staged a protest in the rajya sabha on friday, but the partys attempt to force a discussion on the issue was thwarted.
deputy chairman p j kurien said he cannot allow an impromptu discussion on the conduct of a governor in the absence of prior notice from the opposition.
congress leader digvijaya singh took up the matter during zero hour and mentioned an interview in a mumbai newspaper in which sinha was quoted as having said that she had spoken to finance minister arunjaitley in new delhi before deciding to call the bjp to form the government.
a gross constitutional impropriety has been committed by the governor of goa, singh said.
as his party colleagues got up in support, kurien asked singh to move a substantive motion for initiating a discussion.
i am not against any discussion.
(mos for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas) naqvi has also said that the government is ready for a discussion.
(but) you have to observe the formalities, kurien said.
congress members persisted, with leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad and anand sharma also trying to weigh in.
the constitution does not allow the governor to consult a serving cabinet minister about the formation of a government or appointment of chief minister, sharma said.
the congress claimed that the role of the governor had been discussed in the house several times in the past.
azad tried to reason with the chair, saying the congress was not discussing sinhas conduct but only her public utterances in which she had purportedly admitted to having spoken to arunjaitley before inviting bjp to form the government.
as congress members continued to shout slogans, rajya sabha had to be adjourned for about 20 minutes.
b'the gst bill, according to the finance minister, will be put to vote in the next parliament session even if the congress continues to oppose it.
(source: pti photo) the gst bill, according to the finance minister, will be put to vote in the next parliament session even if the congress continues to oppose it.
where you have dynasties, dynasties become albatross around your neck.
without the dynasty, you are irrelevant.
with the dynasty, you stagnate.
that is the problem of the congress, he said at an event organised by news 24 channel here.
jaitley pressed his point further, saying the congress at this point does not have tall leaders like jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi who could strengthen the party.
he saw the party shrinking because of weak leadership of the dynasty.
fielding a poser that there are examples of father-son duo in the bjp too, he spoke about a fundamental difference.
two persons from the same family enter politics one big national party is being owned by one family.
its like proprietorship business and the authority to become prime minister belongs to that family only.
this is the fundamental difference.
wherever there is a dynasty, leadership creation outside is very difficult.
the congress does not have even a clear leadership in states, the senior bjp leader added.
after the recent election results, i asked a very senior leader of the congress in a tv debate to name few leaders of some of the states.
this is touted as the biggest tax reform since independence potentially leading to economic integration of the country.
traders have backed gst, he said, adding that it will help create a one market and enable traders of punjab to get access in kerala.
our priority is we should implement gst with common consensus.
if the congress does not become part of that common consensus, then it will be done through a parliament process.
it would be taken up in the next session and vote would be in favour of gst, he asserted.
the bill, according to the finance minister, will be put to vote in the next parliament session even if the congress continues to oppose it.
the gst bill seeks to replace a slew of central and state levies, with an aim to transform the nation of 1.
3 billion people into a customs union.
after it is approved by the rajya sabha, the legislation needs to be ratified by half of the 29 states for its rollout.
b'sources said that depending on the number of offshore entities incorporated by the addressee and the complexity of the investments involved, people have been given up to 20 days to respond to the questionnaire.
sources said that depending on the number of offshore entities incorporated by the addressee and the complexity of the investments involved, people have been given up to 20 days to respond to the questionnaire.
with the prime minister seeking the first status report on the probe into the panama papers within 15 days, units of the income tax (investigation) across the country have dispatched detailed questionnaires to all indian clients of panamanian law firm mossack fonseca who were named by the indian express as part of an ongoing investigation.
officials said that the communications have already been dispatched to around 50 people in different cities and that these are in two parts.
the first is a clarification on whether they are the persons named in the indian express report and whether they gave comments attributed to them on the offshore entities listed against their names.
the clients have been given three days to respond.
also read | eu to force multi-national companies to report earnings, raise accountabilitythe second communication is a more detailed questionnaire which has sought replies on the following: permissions sought by the client before incorporating the offshore entity; the manner in which money was routed for opening it; details of shareholders/directors/beneficial owners of the offshore entity; details of transactions and deposits in it; details of assets maintained by it; the extent of deposits made in the entity under the liberalised remittance scheme (lrs) and so on.
watch | explained: what do the panama papers revealsources said that depending on the number of offshore entities incorporated by the addressee and the complexity of the investments involved, people have been given up to 20 days to respond to the questionnaire.
it is learnt that prior to the dispatch of the questionnaires, the it (investigation) units had already made an assessment from existing databases of the categories of people covered in the panama papers.
this was done almost immediately after finance minister arunjaitley made the announcement on april 4 that a multi-agency panel was being constituted to exclusively probe the panama papers leak and the indians named in it.
also read | in the season of panama papers, recalling birth of fema and pmlaofficials in the ministry of finance said they have found that several people were correctly quoted as saying that they had only made deposits under the lrs scheme and also declared the existence of the offshore entities to the tax authorities.
however, there are also cases of partial disclosure wherein some offshore entities have been declared with tax authorities and others omitted from a mention in income tax returns (itrs) .
there is another category of people, including some prominent delhi and mumbai-based mossack fonseca clients named in the indian express, who had made no disclosure about the offshore firms and they may be the first to receive notices from the it department.
as yet, officials said they are yet to find mossack fonseca clients who had declared incorporation of entities in tax havens during last years compliance scheme.
united we standarvind dabas,the delhi police constable accused of trying to obtain bjp leader arunjaitley call records without authorisation,must have felt like a celebrity as photojournalists chased him for a picture.
dabas,who was produced in tis hazari court this week,made photojournalists and camerapersons wait for almost four hours.
the moment dabas entered the court premises,photojournalists started adjusting their lenses,oblivious to the fact that special cell would not allow anyone to take visuals.
after the hearing ended,special cell officers and dabas were to exit from gate no.
2,while the photojournalists were waiting outside gate no.
3.
some reporters immediately told photojournalists to go to gate number 2.
the officers started running,with dabas in tow,and exited from gate no.
1.
the photojournalists were one step ahead.
they had already split themselves into groups,thus covering all the gates of the tis hazari court complex.
they clicked pictures the moment the team exited the court with the accused.
it was a flicker of excitement on an otherwise dull day at the court.
sort by alphabetat a press briefing last week,deputy commissioner of police (outer) b s jaiswal explained how all undertrials from his area,except ones whose names start with r and s,were lodged in rohini jail.
the names of maximum number of criminals start with r or s. as a rule,all of them are lodged in tihar jail,while the rest are in rohini jail.
i,for example,would be in rohini if i do something wrong, he said,and the journalists had a hearty laugh.
subdued celebrationthe airport metro completed two years of operation on saturday.
having gone through challenging times in the last few months,the reliance-backed concessionaire decided to have a subdued celebration to mark the anniversary.
the line was not operational for over six months,resuming services only in january.
the airport metro has recently resumed operations after a gap of few months.
improving ridership is the priority, a senior official said.
the concessionaire has offered discounts to commuters,in an attempt to improve ridership.
do it yourselfwith assembly polls approaching,the congress has begun working to garner support for its incumbent government.
the dpcc chief was at one such meeting with congress councillors this week.
he asked them to seek votes for the party and had unique advice for women councillors: attend weddings and other public functions yourself.
you are the elected representatives,not your husbands.
details neededdelhi universitys annual festival,antardhwani,saw participation by thousands of students.
however,the university does not seem to be pleased all with the facilities.
the university administration set up counters at the festival venue to provide information about the four-year undergraduate programme.
some teachers asked whether they would also be given details of the four-year courses before they begin next session.
maybe we should go and find out all the details that even our own hod says he has no clue about, a du teacher said in a post on facebook.
admission pleaseaddressing school principals at the 40th annual meeting of the national progressive schools conference (npsc),deputy chairman of the planning commission montek singh ahluwalia said he hoped that schools flourished and that he had a vested interest in saying so.
i have two grandchildren and i hope you admit them as and when they apply to your schools, ahluwalia said,sending the gathering into peels of laughter.
its an extraordinary bout this time, between the aap and the bjp-led centre.
extraordinarily uncivil, for one.
when the cbi raided the office of the principal secretary to the delhi chief minister, rajender kumar, accusing him of favouring a firm in getting state tenders, arvind kejriwal reacted instantly and intemperately.
prime minister narendra modi is a coward and a psychopath, said the delhi cm.
kejriwals rhetoric of excess  not exactly surprising given the aaps patented politics of victimhood, but remarkable still  seemed to set the tone for what followed.
ministers of the modi government and the cbi insisted the raid was not on the cms office, while the aap and kejriwal himself insisted he was the target  kejriwal also suggested the cbi could have been looking for a ddca file that names finance minister arun jaitley.
both sides accused each other of lying.
this aap vs bjp bout is also extraordinarily diversionary.
as both ruling parties lunge at each other again, it is easy to lose sight of the longer-term issues  the breakdown, not just of trust, but even of bare dialogue, between the prime minister and a chief minister of the country, and the starkly dwindled cbi credibility.
ever since the aap trounced the bjp in the battle for delhi 10 months ago, relations between the two parties have only slid.
there have been skirmishes over control of delhi police and appointments to the anti-corruption bureau.
delhi police has shown visible over-enthusiasm in acting against aaps ministers and mlas and, more than once, the lieutenant-governor has overstepped his mandate and powers in ways that made him seem like the centres not-so-secret weapon against delhis elected government.
of course, kejriwals aap has not been blameless.
it has contributed to the steady worsening of relations with the centre by rushing to condemn and accuse and dramatise even when things could be worked out through tact and some patience.
the cbi raid now only makes the differences between the two parties look irreconcilable and, in a federal polity, that is a sobering sight.
tuesdays raid and the rhetoric that has followed it point to yet another disquieting image.
that a raid by the countrys premier investigation agency can spark such heat also speaks of the all-round lack of trust in its claims to act independently.
the cbi has a long record of showing one-sided zeal  it pursues cases against those who are in the opposition while going soft and slow on those that involve the centres ruling party.
while in opposition, the bjp accused it of being the congress bureau of investigation and the supreme court called it a caged parrot during the upa regime  there is no evidence to suggest the agency has grown a spine since.
long after the clamour over the rajender kumar case has died down, both the aap and the bjp, as stakeholders in the system, must confront these two questions: can delhi and the centre afford not to be on talking terms?
and what can be done to ensure that the cbi acts independently, and is also seen to do so?
much will depend on the answers.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu.
pti photo by mitesh bhuvad andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu.
pti photo by mitesh bhuvadexpressing pain over the happenings in rajya sabha on friday, during a discussion on special category status to andhra pradesh, chief minister chandrababu naidu came down heavily on the centre for once again doing injustice to the state.
its the same rajya sabha.
about 70-80 per cent members are the same.
the same injustice has been done to andhra pradesh now.
we are left with a nightmare, he lamented.
naidu particularly picked up union finance minister arunjaitley for the attack, saying the latter failed to come up with proper answers to various questions related to the state bifurcation and implementation of the ap reorganisation act, which paved the way of creation of telangana in 2014.
addressing a press conference here late tonight, he castigated arunjaitley for claiming in the upper house of parliament that we have done a lot to andhra pradesh so far.
what have they done?
jaitley says injustice has been done to ap.
what has he done to correct it?
why did the bjp support the bifurcation (in 2014) when it knew the centres financial condition is bad, naidu questioned.
he pointed out that 11 parties, including the trs, supported granting special status to andhra pradesh.
(sitaram) yechury (of cpm) suggested that a committee be constituted to look into the issue and also other contentious issues between ap and telangana.
i welcome it.
let the centre constitute a committee, he demanded.
watch video: whats making newsthe tdp leader said he was pained over the happenings in rajya sabha, where the nda government today remained non-committal on granting special category status to andhra pradesh but promised to hand hold the revenue-deficit state to enable it to progress on its own.
jaitley assured the house the the government is committed to keeping all its promises and will fulfil all its responsibilities as far as hand holding andhra pradesh was concerned.
he was responding to a discussion on the status of implementation of the reorganisation act, 2014 and government assurances during which tdp and several other parties pressed for grant of special category status to the state in the wake of carving out of telangana state two years back.
naidus party tdp is an ally of bjp at the centre and also in the state.
cbdt chairman sushil chandra (file photo) cbdt chairman sushil chandra (file photo)allaying concerns of taxmen getting powers to provisionally attach property of an assessee for six months, the tax department on saturday said no authority has been given to any officer to harass taxpayer or abuse law and what has been provided is only to prevent evaders from selling property.
there is no power at all which has been given to any assessing officer (of income tax) in this country to harass anybody we will not allow the abuse of any law.
whenever we find, we will plug it, central board of direct taxes (cbdt) chairman sushil chandra said at a post-budget seminar in new delhi.
watch what else is making news:clarifying on concerns over powers of the enforcement officers, he said, i want to tell you very clearly that no power of the officer vis-a vis the misuse against the assessee has been increased.
that is not the endeavour of the government, the philosophy is very clear.
genuine taxpayer should not be harassed at any cost.
detailing the changes made in the budget for 2017-18, he said it usually took 4-5 months for preparation of report once an investigating officer referred properties of a potential tax evader to the valuation cell after searches.
this was long enough period for some of the assessees to sell off the properties.
so, to plug that particular thing again, the power has been given to provisionally attach the property.
he cannot sell the property.
he can provisionally attach the property so that whenever the liability is created after that, you can pay the liability and the property will be released.
it is only to safeguard the revenue, he said.
second, it took 4-5 months from the date of a search being conducted by an investigating officer to go to an assessment officer (ao) who would refer the property of the potential tax evader to the valuation cell.
so now, the powers are being given to the investigating officer for valuation of the property.
that is not increasing power of search, he said.
third, assistant directors, deputy directors and joint directors of i-t have the power of issuing summons, but did not have the power to call information from some other person.
for calling information from a third party, approval of a higher officer, i.
e.
the commissioner, is required.
so, if he has got that power of issuing summons to you, i think it was unnecessarily time-consuming to get permission that should i call for that information.
so, we have given that power to deputy director, joint director and assistant director.
it is not that the assessing officer has been given power to call for information to harass you, cbdt chairman added.
in the budget for 2017-18, finance minister arunjaitley has proposed to provide taxmen with the power to provisionally attach the property of an assessee for six months either at the time of search and seizure or till 60 days from that date.
the blue beacon is mostly used by police and ias officers; from the principal secretary to government to district magistrate.
(representational image) the blue beacon is mostly used by police and ias officers; from the principal secretary to government to district magistrate.
(representational image)the government of andhra pradesh saturday issued an order banning the use of blue beacons and hooters, ani reported.
according to the order, only emergency and disaster management vehicles are allowed to use hooters.
the government is led by chief minister chandrababu naidu of the tdp.
the blue beacon is mostly used by police and ias officers; from the principal secretary to government to district magistrate.
the centre had, earlier in april, banned the use of red beacons for politicians, saying it promotes a vip culture.
the highest leadership positions in the country, including that of president, vice-president, and prime minister, will not be using the red beacons anymore.
from may 1, no person in the country will be able to put a red light on their vehicles.
rule 108 (i) and 108 (ii) of the motor vehicles act, which allow central and state governments to permit red beacons for dignitaries, was scrapped.
earlier, the supreme court had also asked all state governments to restrict the list of vips who are allowed beacons on their vehicles.
this government is a government of the common masses, and has decided to abolish the vip culture of beacon lights and sirens, said road and transport minister nitin gadkari.
b'vijay mallya.
(express photo, file) vijay mallya.
(express photo, file)the government on thursday proposed a stringent legislation to confiscate properties of fugitive economic offenders to deal with persons like vijay mallya who flee the country to escape the law.
the provisions of the proposed fugitive economic offenders bill, 2017, once passed by parliament, will override other legislations dealing with economic offences.
it is widely felt that the spectre of high-value economic offenders absconding from india to defy the legal process seriously undermines the rule of law in india, the finance ministry said in a statement.
it is, therefore, felt necessary to provide an effective, expeditious and constitutionally permissible deterrent to ensure that such actions are curbed, it added.
as per the draft law, a fugitive economic offender, means any individual against whom a warrant for arrest in relation to an economic offence has been issued and the person has left the country and refuses to return to india to face criminal prosecution.
it further proposes that the burden of proof for establishing that an individual is a fugitive economic offender will be on the authorities.
the confiscation order of the special court will, to the extent possible, identify the property that constitutes proceeds of crime which are to be confiscated and in case such properties cannot be identified, quantify the value of the proceeds of crime, it said.
the proposed law is to provide for measures to deter economic offenders from evading the process of indian law by remaining outside the jurisdiction of indian courts, thereby preserving the sanctity of the rule of law in india.
it follows announcement regarding it by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 1.
jaitley had said the government was considering introducing legislative changes or even a new law to confiscate the assets of such absconders till they submit to the jurisdiction of the appropriate legal forum.
he had said that in the recent past, there have been instances of big time offenders, including economic offenders, fleeing the country to escape the reach of law.
we have to ensure that the law is allowed to take its own course, he had said.
mallya, the 61-year-old chief of the erstwhile kingfisher airlines who owes over rs 9,000 crore to various indian banks, had fled india to escape legal proceedings in connection with the loans.
india is making efforts to get the embattled indian tycoon extradited from the uk.
b'narendra modi (left) and rahul gandhi narendra modi (left) and rahul gandhithe indian express power list, which ranks the 100 most powerful indians, for the year 2016 is out.
prime minister narendra modi, who led his party the bjp to a landslide victory in the 2014 national elections, remains the most powerful indian.
despite a slew of controversies around him, his popularity is unchallenged.
despite the storm around him  the intolerance debate, the defeat in bihar, the rohith vemula suicide, the jnu crisis  he remains the unchallenged no 1.
under modi, the pmo has become the epicentre of all important, and some not-so-important, decisions, with the ministries often being bypassed, the list says.
the impromptu decision the prime minister took to stop-over in lahore on his way home from afghanistan to meet nawaz sharif was considered a clever diplomatic move and surprised geopolitical scientists.
the visit also opened a new channel of communication between the two countries.
watch video | ie 100 2016: the list of most powerful indiansmohan bhagwat, the chief of the rss (the ideological fountainhead of the bjp), holds the second spot, very much an indicator of the influence of his organization on the present government.
see the full list herewhile narendra modi is seen to have complete sangh backing, bhagwat has ensured that the rss maintains its distinct and larger identity as a flagbearer of hindu pride, the poll says.
while bjp chief amit shah occupies the third spot, finance minister arunjaitley and congress president sonia gandhi covet the fourth and fifth spots.
amit shah, sonia gandhi among the listcongress vice-president rahul gandhi is at a distant ninth, although he has climbed up two spots.
although the congress was washed out in delhi by the aam aadmi party in march, come october, the party successfully piggy-backed on the popularity of nitish kumar and lalu prasad yadav to reap dividends in the state.
in 2015, the congress vice president was also seen to be much more active than previous years, leading agitations and protest marches and launching attacks against the government.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, who has not lost a single opportunity to attack the centre, is at 8th spot and mehbooba mufti, the pdp chairperson who could go on to become jammu and kashmirs first woman chief minister, has made it into the list.
salman khan, shah rukh khan make it to the listamong sportspersons, virat kohli, the vice captain of the indian cricket team, is at 42nd spot.
badminton player saina nehwal is at 84th spot and tennis star sania mirza is at 85th spot.
among bollywood actors, salman khan, who has had a troubled 2015 with the hearings in the 2002 hit-and-run case, is ranked 83rd.
actor deepika padukone is at 93rd spot and priyanka chopra at 98th spot.
b'swamy says that if government thinks arvind subramanian is patriotic in spite of taking an anti-india stance during his stint as imf economist, swamy says that if government thinks arvind subramanian is patriotic in spite of taking an anti-india stance during his stint as imf economist,seemingly unrepentant, bjp mp subramanian swamy on thursday said that he will suspend his demand for sacking the chief economic advisor if the government considers him patriotic despite his attempts in the past of trying to twist indias arm.
a day after the government came out in strong defence of cea arvind subramanian in face of his barrage of attack, swamy tweeted this morning if an indian, held patriotic, can advise a foreign nation where he works, to twist indias arm, is to be forgiven, then i suspend my demand.
as (arvind subramanian) to us cong: us initiatives by discriminating against india companies and exporters will exert pressure on india to open up as 13/3/13!
, swamy tweeted.
watch video: whats making newsswamy yesterday caused a flutter when he sought subramanians sacking for allegedly taking anti-india stance when he was an imf economist in washington prior to joining the finance ministry.
finance minister arunjaitley debunked swamys call for sacking subramanian saying government has full confidence in cea.
his advice to government from time to time has been of great value.
subramanian was appointed cea by the bjp government in october 2014 after his predecessor raghuram rajan moved to the rbi as governor in september 2013.
swamy further tweeted today if bjp union govt says that we know all about as but still he is an asset, then i will suspend my demand and wait for events to prove truth.
b'in all democratic parliaments, as in india, the lower house alone has the power to grant money to the executive.
a bill that deals with such matters is called a money bill.
in all democratic parliaments, as in india, the lower house alone has the power to grant money to the executive.
a bill that deals with such matters is called a money bill.
the issue of bills being categorised as money bills in an attempt to circumvent the rajya sabha has once again become live.
on friday, the lok sabha passed the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) bill, 2016, which finance minister arunjaitley asserted was a money bill.
but is it actually a money bill?
in all democratic parliaments, as in india, the lower house alone has the power to grant money to the executive.
a bill that deals with such matters is called a money bill.
a money bill cannot be passed or rejected by the rajya sabha, which can keep such a bill for only 14 days, after which it will be deemed to have been passed by both houses.
as per article 110(1), a bill that contains only provisions dealing with the following qualifies as a money bill: one, the imposition, abolition, remission, alteration or regulation of any tax; two, regulation of borrowing or the giving of any guarantee by the government of india, or undertaking financial obligation by the government; three, the custody of the consolidated fund of india (cfi) or the contingency fund of india, the payment of moneys into or withdrawal from them; four, the appropriation of moneys out of the cfi; five, declaring any expenditure as a charged expenditure on the cfi; six, the receipt of money on account of the cfi or the public account of india or the ambit of accounts of the union or of a state; seven, any matter incidental to the above issues.
lets examine the aadhaar bill in the light of the above definition.
the bill does not deal with imposition, abolition, alteration, etc, of tax; nor does it deal with the regulation of borrowing or giving a guarantee by the government or an amendment in respect of any financial obligation to be undertaken by the government.
this bill also does not deal with the custody of the cfi, etc.
the moneys paid into or withdrawn from such funds are incidental.
the bill is not an appropriation bill that appropriates money from the cfi.
it does not deal with declaring any expenditure as a charge on that fund.
further, it does not deal with the receipt of money on account of the cfi or the public account, or the custody or issue of such money, or the audit of the accounts of the union or states.
it may also be noted that a bill becomes a money bill when it contains only provisions dealing with any of the above matters.
if a bill contains any other matters, it is not a money bill.
the object of the aadhaar bill is to create a right to obtain a unique identity number, regulate the enrolment process to collect demographic and biometric information, and create a statutory authority for regulating and supervising the process.
it also specifies offences and penalties.
the obvious purpose of the bill is to deal with all aspects relating to the unique identity number of indian residents, which will be used for multiple purposes.
clause 4(3) states that the aadhaar number may be accepted as proof for any purpose, not merely for the payment of subsidy or other monetary benefits.
the above analysis clearly shows that the aadhaar bill is not a money bill.
subtle attempts have been made to give it the appearance of a money bill by referring to the cfi in certain clauses.
but this does not alter the character of the bill, which does not deal with the cfi.
further, subsidies, subventions, etc, are not a part of this bill.
if the government had introduced a bill exclusively dealing with these, it would have been a money bill.
but the aadhaar bill does not make any provision for subsidies or other government benefits or specify beneficiaries.
the aadhaar bill comes under the category of financial bills under article 117, which would inter alia involve expenditure from the cfi.
the constitution stipulates that such bills be considered only after the president has recommended their consideration.
however, such bills can be introduced in either house and, as per article 107(2), need to be passed by both houses.
article 110(3) confirms finality on the speakers decision on the question of whether a bill is a money bill.
but this constitutional provision cannot be seen as a convenient tool to deal with an inconvenient second chamber.
the constitution reposes faith in the speakers fairness and objectivity.
article 110(1) provides the touchstone of the decision to be taken by the speaker under article 110(3).
any decision actuated by extraneous considerations cant be a proper decision under article 110(3).
the speakers decision needs to be in conformity with the constitutional provisions.
if not, it is no decision under the constitution.
finance minister arun jaitley.
finance minister arun jaitley.
a series of consultations were held between the government and top rbi functionaries on demonetisation since february last year, before the central bank board took a formal decision and conveyed it to the government which took the final call, rajya sabha was informed on tuesday.
he said that in may 2016, the rbi board took a decision on printing currency of higher denomination as a replacement to demonetised currency.
consultations at a very senior level with the rbi on this issue had started way back in the month of february 2016 itself.
the rbi board in the month of may 2016, as a part of these consultations, had decided to go in for and approve the design and taken the decision with regard to the high denomination currency which was required to be printed as a replacement currency itself.
thereafter a series of meetings used to be held periodically, at times on a defined day once a week, where the seniors in the rbi as also in the government were in consultation.
because the decision had to be kept in utmost secrecy, it is for this particular reason that these were not put into public domain, arunjaitley informed the rajya sabha during question hour.
replying to supplementaries, the finance minister said the formal decision in this regard with this background was taken by the rbi on november 8, but this had been preceded by a series of discussions which had started way back in february 2016 itself.
to a specific question on whether it was the rbi that took the decision of its own or did the government tell it to do so, he said, the rbi board met and independently applied its mind and made a receommendation to government.
b'congress leaders sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi in lok sabha, thursday.
pti photo congress leaders sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi in lok sabha, thursday.
pti phototaking a swipe at prime minister narendra modi over soaring dal prices, congress vice president rahul gandhi thursday twisted the bjp poll slogan of har har modi, ghar ghar modi, saying a new slogan is becoming popular in villages: arhar modi, arhar modi.
participating in a lok sabha debate on price rise, rahul asked the government to set a date by which prices of dal would come down: during elections, modiji said make me a chowkidar (watchman).
now, there is theft of dal under the very nose of the chowkidar.
but the chowkidar has not uttered a word.
finance minister arunjaitley hit back, saying the government had inherited double-digit inflation from the upa government.
as in the higher classes, the hike is for 10 per cent, while the remaining 4.
2 per cent is on account of a fuel adjustment component.
the government on tuesday got its first bitter taste of coalition politics as pressure from its oldest ally, shiv sena, and also the bjps own state unit in poll-bound maharashtra forced it to partially roll back a proposed increase in the fares of the suburban train service announced last friday.
in what was reminiscent of the days of the upa government, a group of nine mps from the shiv sena and bjp and rpi mp ramdas athavale visited railways minister sadananda gowda at rail bhawan in the morning to protest the fare hike.
with his party deciding to relent under pressure  sena chief uddhav thackery had spoken to finance minister arunjaitley and also bjp president rajnath singh  gowda had no choice but to give the green signal for a rollback in the afternoon.
now the monthly season ticket of suburban trains across india will see a flat increase of just 14.
2 per cent, much like the rest of the classes decided last friday, instead of an increase through a computed formula that was causing a 100 per cent hike for daily commuters.
there will be no increase for travel up to first 80 km in second class for non-passholders.
as in the higher classes, the hike is for 10 per cent, while the remaining 4.
2 per cent is on account of a fuel adjustment component.
for local trains, this change will come into effect from june 28, while for the rest of the classes the changed fares are applicable from wednesday.
sources said gowda along with senior railway officials had tried to work out a different formula to pacify the allies that had meant delayed collection of the differential amount from the passengers.
but the shiv sena and the bjp state unit reasoned that since all other classes had a 14.
2 per cent hike, it would be easier for them to explain to the people if that number was applied to the suburban season tickets as well.
the railway brass had dug its heels in its resistance to a rollback.
it is learnt that the top officials had explained to the minister  and the minister in turn to the protesting mps  that without the fare hike the suburban service would be difficult to run efficiently, which would adversely impact the passengers.
nearly eight million passengers use the train service daily in mumbai, known as the lifeline of the mega-city.
the bjp-shiv sena alliance is widely expected to form the next government in maharashtra, which goes to polls in december.
the hike in the suburban train fares was threatening to give congress there the much-needed boost, the shiv sena mps reasoned.
railways had expected to mop up rs 902 crore from the proposed increase in suburban tickets during this financial year.
that figure now comes down to less than rs 300 crore.
railways generally earns around rs 2,000 crore from suburban services in a year, which is just about five per cent of its total earnings from the passenger segment.
b'at the fe best banks awards in mumbai on thursday, finance minister arunjaitley said that the government would go all out to ensure that loans owed to banks are repaid by wilful defaulters.
that message is bound to reassure lenders, especially those in state-owned banks weighed down by a pile of non performing assets (npas) or bad loans and who have been trying to recover money from many promoters  some of whom like vijay mallya have fled the country.
the finance minister didnt name anyone but did say that the government would take legal action against wilful defaulters evading indian authorities.
the scale of the challenge the government is faced with is reflected in the fact that over 8,000 wilful defaulters  defined as those who have the capacity to repay but choose not to  owed state-run banks rs 76,685 crore at the end of july 2016.
unfortunately, there has not been much to show in terms of bringing them to book.
at the root of this problem is the delay in the judicial process and the ability of banks in india to enforce their rights.
both the current rbi governor, raghuram rajan, and one of his predecessors  y.v. reddy  are clear that the bad loans mess is also a reflection of the failure to ensure that lenders in india are in a position to enforce their rights in a time-bound manner.
government and the regulator have recognised this going by the move to carry out reforms in this area, such as a new bankruptcy law, speeding up of the functioning of debt recovery tribunals, introduction of the joint lenders forum for better co-ordination among banks, pushing promoters to sell part of their stressed assets to repay banks and putting in place of a large loan database which includes loans of over rs 5 crore and their status which is shared with all banks.
that has gone hand in hand with the effort by the prime ministers office to push for the prosecution of some of those involved in large frauds.
jaitley said that wilful defaulters should not think that the system would ignore them if they physically swim across the shores and avoid paying debt.
but to deter them, it is important for the government, regulator, banks and the countrys investigative agencies to act jointly and send out a strong message that wilful defaulters can no longer game the system.
while pursuing loan defaulters, it is equally important to improve governance at state-owned banks.
the cost of failure in resolving the bad loan mess is ultimately borne by the taxpayer.
following the presidential assent, a gst council with representatives from the centre and states will be formed within 60 days of the enactment of the bill.
following the presidential assent, a gst council with representatives from the centre and states will be formed within 60 days of the enactment of the bill.
with odisha becoming the 16th state to ratify the constitutional amendment bill on gst thursday, the central government will now seek presidential assent for the bill.
odisha assembly passed the bill unanimously.
with this, the minimum requirement of 50 per cent of states and uts ratifying the constitution (122nd amendment) bill has been completed.
the president can now notify the gst council, which will decide the tax rate and other related issues.
the requisite number of states have ratified the gst constitution amendment bill and now it can go for presidential assent, union finance minister arunjaitley tweeted.
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said the government is ahead of its schedule for gst implementation.
instead of 30 days kept for this (states ratification), it is achieved in 23 days, he tweeted.
finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photo finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photothe union cabinet on wednesday approved the modifications in the 7th central pay commission recommendations on pay and pensionary benefits beside giving clearance to disability pension for defence personnel.
finance minister arunjaitley made the announcement of the approval after the cabinet meeting.
the cabinet also approved the national steel policy that envisages rs 10 lakh crore investment to create more capacity in the steel sector.
the development assumes significance as the steel sector is reeling under weak demand and rising raw material prices.
the cabinet members decided to give international airport status to the vijayawada airport.
the airport is undergoing infrastructural changes due to increase in air traffic.
the decision will boost domestic and international tourism beside promoting socio-economic development.
b'finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleyfinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday denied reports of prime minister narendra modi striking a deal with his italian counterpart to free two italian marines accused of killing indian fishermen for information on the gandhi family.
jaitley also said the investigation in the vvip chopper scam is in an advanced stage.
the remarks came after leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad questioned if a deal was struck between modi and his italian counterpart, matteo renzi.
azad, speaking in relation with the agustawestland scam, said: modi offered to free marines for information on gandhi family.
agustawestland helicopter deal middleman might have stood by his sensational submission made to an international court that indian prime minister had attempted to cut a deal on italian marine issue with his counterpart italian prime minister at a brush by meeting at un in september 2015, azad said.
according to him when the deal was struck between two prime ministers, pronouncement of judgment had come from that side and subsequently now the indian government is allowing italian marines to return home.
so that means the deal has been struck.
i would like to know from government whether such meeting has taken place, he said.
the congress leader also said that when corrupt practice related to the agustawestland deal, adding that united progressive alliance (upa) government blacklisted the company, ordered probe by the cbi and ed and cancelled the deal.
government of india through court got the entire bank guarantee money back.
we recovered the total advance money.
three helicopters had already come so we did not give them back, he said.
azad also questioned why narendra modi government allowed the blacklisted agustawestland to participate in make in india.
jaitley, however, said reports of modi meeting italian prime minister is totally false.
he also took a dig at congress saying that they have given clarification in advance as a member has given notice to raise the issue.
let me categorically say report in newspaper cited by leader of opposition is false and untrue in its entirety.
that report that was intended to provide friends on the other side a possible basis of defence doesnt exist.
the principal issue is that there was a defence transaction, and in the defence transaction there is alleged to be bribe payment.
the bribe giver at the time when the conspiracy was being executed has made some written admissions.
the relevance of those admissions have to be examined by investigation agencies, he said.
b'congress leaders ghulam nabi azad and kapil sibal address the media on friday.
(express photo/anil sharma) congress leaders ghulam nabi azad and kapil sibal address the media on friday.
(express photo/anil sharma)accusing chief justice of india dipak misra of five counts of misbehaviour and misusing authority, the congress-led seven opposition parties on friday moved a notice for the impeachment of the cji.
the opposition parties met vice president and rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu and handed over a notice for the impeachment of the cji with signatures of 64 mps of the upper house.
notably, the moves came a day after the supreme court dismissed a clutch of petitions seeking an independent probe into the death of cbi special judge brijmohan harikishan loya, who was hearing the sohrabuddin sheikh encounter case.
read more | sc rules: no foul play in judge loyas death, pleas were bid to hit judiciarys credibilitypointing out five allegations of misbehaviour against misra, congress leader kapil sibal said the notice for impeachment of the cji has been moved with a heavy heart.
the constitution allows only one recourse to remedy the situation.
since there is no other way to protect the institution except to move an impeachment motion, we, members of the rajya sabha, do so with a heavy heart, sibal said while addressing a press conference.
stating that they are entitled to hold the chief justice accountable, the opposition parties demanded a probe against the cji.
we hope that a thorough enquiry will be held so that truth alone triumphs.
democracy can thrive only when our judiciary stands firm, independent of the executive, and discharges its constitutional functions honestly, fearlessly and with an even hand, sibal stated.
referring to the revolt by four senior most judges of the apex court against cji misra, sibal further posed the question: when the judges of the supreme court themselves believe that the judiciarys independence is under threat and democracy in peril, alluding to the functioning of the office of the chief justice of india, should the nation stand still and do nothing?
the mps who signed the notice belong to the congress, the ncp, the cpi-m, the cpi, the sp, the bsp and the indian union muslim league (iuml).
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) the mps who signed the notice belong to the congress, the ncp, the cpi-m, the cpi, the sp, the bsp and the indian union muslim league (iuml).
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)among the parties who signed the notice were the congress, the ncp, the cpi-m and cpi, the sp, the bsp, and the indian union muslim league.
while the notice for impeachment bears 71 signatures, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said they have requested the chairman to exclude the names of seven of them as they have retired from the upper house.
we have moved a motion for removal of chief justice of india under five grounds of misbehaviour, he said.
an impeachment motion in the rajya sabha requires signature of at least 50 mps of the upper house, while it needs the support of 100 mps in the lok sabha.
once the notice for impeachment is submitted to the rajya sabha chairman, he will ascertain whether there is merit or ground for moving such a motion.
read | highlights: opposition parties give notice for impeachment of cji, arunjaitley calls it threat to judicial independencein case he finds merit, then he may form a committee to look into it, else he can reject it.
if moved, this will be the first time ever in the countrys history that an impeachment would be moved against the chief justice of india.
hitting back at the congress, finance minister arunjaitley accused the grand old party of using impeachment as a political tool and said its notice to remove cji misra was a revenge petition after the scs ruling in judge loya death case had exposed the conspiracy of falsehood.
read more | impeachment motion against chief justice of india: arunjaitley dubs the move as revenge petition by congresshe further said trivialising the use of impeachment power is a dangerous event and noted that it is not difficult to collect 50 signatures of rajya sabha or hundred signatures of lok sabha members even on frivolous issues.
to use the power as intimidatory tactics when neither you have a case of proven misconduct or the numbers on your side, is a serious threat to judicial independence.
my preliminary reaction to the impeachment motion filed today is clear.
it is a revenge petition after the falsehood of the congress party has been established in the justice loya death case.
it is an attempt to intimidate a judge and send a message to other judges, that if you dont agree with us, fifty mps are enough for a revenge action, he said.
congress president rahul gandhi said india will not allow judge b h loya to be forgotten and millions of indians can see the truth.
there is no hope left, everything is managed say judge loyas family.
i want to tell them, there is hope.
there is hope because millions of indians can see the truth.
india will not allow judge loya to be forgotten, he said on twitter.
there is no hope left, everything is managed say judge loyas family.
i want to tell them, there is hope.
there is hope because millions of indians can see the truth.
india will not allow judge loya to be forgotten.
https://t.
co/qsczy4kmzr  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) april 20, 2018his remarks came as the congress and six other opposition parties moved a notice for impeachment of the chief justice of india.
the congress chief had been targeting bjp chief amit shah over the issue.
shah was among those discharged in the sohrabuddin case.
prime minister narendra modi walks for a cabinet meeting at parliament library in new delhi on wednesday.
(source: pti photo) prime minister narendra modi walks for a cabinet meeting at parliament library in new delhi on wednesday.
(source: pti photo)the bjp top brass set the tone for the 2019 lok sabha polls at its parliamentary party meeting on thursday with prime minister narendra modi asking party leaders to reach out to youths.
bjp chief amit shah said the parliamentary elections are the next big challenge for the party following its win in the recently concluded state polls.
the first bjp parliamentary party meeting after the announcement of the assembly polls results was an occasion for celebration, thanksgiving and mapping out the path ahead for the party.
keeping up with its outreach to dalits, a substantial chunk of whom is believed to have voted for the bjp in the uttar pradesh polls, it has decided to launch various week-long events from bhim rao ambedkars birth anniversary on april 14.
the party will observe the week-long exercise in every panchayat and ward.
it will also celebrate its foundation day on april 6 during which its leaders and workers will take part in swachh bharat campaign.
modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of bhim app, a digital payment application, by educating the masses about it and helping them download it, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar told reporters after the meeting.
they were also asked to publicise ambedkars works and contributions.
the prime minister said youth should be made ambassadors of the union governments public welfare works and good governance.
modi said youngsters depend on mobile phones more than on newspapers and tv channels to get information and stressed on the need to use this medium of communication to tap them.
he also asked the party leaders to contact them while they are in class xii.
shah said the partys win in the recently concluded assembly polls was an outcome of peoples vote against casteism, family rule and corruption and in favour of modis leadership under which public welfare and good governance is the agenda.
noting that the five-state elections were cited as the bjps biggest electoral challenge following 2014 lok sabha polls victory, he asserted that the next parliamentary elections in 2019 is the next big challenge and asked the party leaders to make preparation for it.
the bjps win underlined peoples support for the welfare schemes launched by the central government and a brave decision like demonetisation, shah claimed.
the bjp parliamentary party also passed a resolution thanking voters for their support and also partys workers for their efforts under the leadership of modi and shah.
it also expressed hope that the bjp governments in these states will provide good governance and run public welfare programmes.
home minister rajnath singh proposed the resolution and finance minister arunjaitley supported it, which was passed unanimously, kumar said.
the party leaders were also distributed prasad of the tirupati temple.
b'aap leader arvind kejriwal (left) and bjp leader arunjaitley aap leader arvind kejriwal (left) and bjp leader arun jaitleytriggering another row, the centre has declared as unconstitutional and illegal the constitution of commission of inquiry into the ddca affairs by the aap dispensation in delhi in the continuing battle between the two governments.
ministry of home affairs, government of india, has accordingly held that the notification.
.
issued by the directorate of vigilance, government of nct of delhi, is unconstitutional, illegal and therefore has no legal effect, said a letter issued by delhi lgs office yesterday.
the rejection of the delhi governments decision to probe the affairs of delhi and district cricket association (ddca) comes on top of a bitter fight between the arvind kejriwal-led aap government and the centre after the raid on the delhi secretariat a month ago.
the raid had stoked a clash between the two with kejriwal alleging that it was meant to seize some files purportedly containing details of alleged corruption in ddca when finance minister arunjaitley was its president between 1999 and 2013.
kejriwal followed up his charge by his government decision to constitute a probe under the commission of inquiry act headed by former solicitor general gopal subramanium, who has contended that delhi government has the authority to constitute such a probe which he would go ahead with.
as the fight continued, the central government on wednesday sent a communication that the elected government of national capital territory of delhi is neither the central government nor the state government within the meaning of section 2 and 3 of the commission of inquiry act, 1952.
therefore, it has no jurisdiction or power to set up a commission of inquiry under the said act.
the union ministry of home affairs came to the conclusion after considering the provisions in art 239 and 239 aa and read with provisions of general clauses act including the government of india notification of august 1966.
the communication, which was sent to lg, said, the council of ministers (delhi government) may please be apprised accordingly, and all concerned be advised to act in conformity with the above decision of the ministry of home affairs, government of india.
the aap government had on december 22 issued a notification to set up a commission of inquiry to probe alleged financial irregularities in the ddca.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
(pti photo) finance minister arun jaitley.
(pti photo)as part of the centres continuing focus on addressing the crisis in public sector banks, finance minister arunjaitley has announced that an expert group will be set up to examine consolidation among psbs.
the announcement  at the end of the two-day gyan sangam, a retreat for the heads of public sector financial institutions  is part of a larger set of measures the government intends to take to shore up the psbs, which account for about 70 per cent of indian banking.
however, while the wider goal of consolidating weaker psbs with stronger psbs is a worthy one, it is definitely not the first step towards resolving the ills currently plaguing the psbs.
the growing problem of non-performing assets  gross psb npas rose from rs 2.
67 lakh crore to rs 3.
60 lakh crore between march and december 2015  is a reflection of the systemic inadequacies that plague these banks.
in particular, the disempowerment of bank boards has landed the psbs in the present mess.
in the current context, then, consolidation needs to follow reforms, not precede them.
there are two broad reasons why consolidation should not be the first step.
for one, consolidation works when a weak bank is merged with a strong one.
however, at present the whole banking system is struggling.
finance ministry estimates have pegged the total stressed assets (npas plus loans written off) at rs 8 lakh crore.
even the biggest and strongest psbs like the state bank of india are weighed down by massive npas.
merging two weak banks will only consolidate the existing npas under fewer banks, not resolve the main reason for the crisis.
two, the sustainable solution to inefficient decision-making requires the government to distance itself from the daily functioning of the psbs.
this, in turn, calls for structural reforms, such as those suggested by the p.j. nayak committee report in may 2014, which include reducing government stake in psbs and instituting a bank investment company (set up under the companies act) tasked with protecting the governments investment as well as improving the governance of the board by recruiting experts.
to be sure, several allied steps must be taken to address the problem of npas from other angles as well.
government proposals to amend the sarfaesi act 2002, make debt recovery tribunals more effective and improve recruitment processes in psbs, are welcome.
a banks board bureau, which seeks to reform the appointment process for top posts and governance in psbs, has already been instituted.
however, it is not clear whether the bbb is independent enough to yield the desired results.
in this regard, the finance ministers budget announcement on transforming idbi bank, and that lowering governments stake below 50 per cent in it is being considered, will be a test case.
b'finance minister arunjaitley (source: file/pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley (source: file/pti photo)there has been a mixed reaction to the annual union budget presented by finance minister arun jaitley.
describing it as a balanced budget, roznama khabrein, in its editorial on february 3, writes: keeping in view the forthcoming elections in five states and the negative effects of demonetisation, the modi government has tried to present a budget that is balanced and acceptable; and the finance minister, arunjaitley , has been successful in this regard.
on the one hand he has taken a step for providing a healing touch to the wounds of the middle class by providing relief in income tax.
on the other hand, by imposing a surcharge on incomes of the business class, he has created the impression that the government is sympathetic to the common man and not inclined to give any concessions to the rich.
rehnuma-e-deccan, in its editorial on february 4, says that there are many promises in the budget to please the people, but nothing for minorities.
it writes: the budget has provided rs 52,393 crore for the welfare of scheduled castes and rs 31,320 crores for the scheduled tribes whereas only rs 4,195 crore has been allocated for the welfare of minorities.
this is a very small amount in view of the greater needs of minorities, particularly muslims, who are backward economically as well as in terms of unemployment.
siasat and jadid khabar have severely criticised the governments decision to keep the death of senior muslim league mp and former union minister e. ahamed a secret till the presentation of the budget.
it would have been appropriate to preserve parliamentary values and democratic principles and postpone the budget presentation for a day, says siasat.
jadid khabar too has expressed the same sentiments.
ups pre-poll scenariocommenting on the confusion prevailing in uttar pradesh before the assembly elections, the group editor of rashtriya sahara, syed faisal ali, in his signed column on february 5, writes: the anxiety of bharatiya janata party and bahujan samaj party at the akhilesh-rahul alliance is natural as they fear a possible muslim vote on the pattern of the bihar assembly elections.
the bjp is trying to win over a section of dalit voters whereas the bsp is trying to get the support of muslims.
then there is the ram temple issue that has been raised again.
but it seems that the muslims of the state, particularly in western up, will not follow their earlier pattern of voting that led to a division of votes.
they will keep in mind the long-term gains instead of personal or emotional politics.
they will adopt a quiet strategy instead of being swayed by moves of intellectuals or intellectualism and succeed in stopping communal forces because in west up, the jats too, while supporting the rld, have turned against bjpinquilab, in its editorial on january 31, writes: even though a bihar-like gathbandhan (alliance) could not be formed, the sp-congress alliance is the best in the current situation.
it would certainly reduce the dispersal of secular votes, which would have positive results.
the enthusiasm shown by the young leaders of the two parties gives an indication that a wave in their favour is imperative.
both parties would have to be alert and vigilant against their opponents and work towards strengthening the alliance in the days to come.
trump rebuffedrashtriya sahara, in its editorial on february 7, writes: the stay, imposed by not one but two us courts, on president donald trumps ban on entry of people from seven muslim countries into the country, is clear proof that the spirit of justice is still alive.
first, judge james robart of the federal court of seattle (in washington) stayed the ban on entry and, then, the federal appeals court of san francisco rejected an appeal against the seattle courts judgement.
one wonders how to look at this situation when the us president is unable to digest the judicial wisdom in his own country and is rather indiscreetly saying that if anything happens in the us, the judge who stayed his decision on the ban would be responsible.
he tweeted that the courts staying the entry ban are becoming hurdles to securing us borders.
the judge, trump feels, has put the nation into a crisis.
most other papers have also been very critical of trumps decision and his subsequent statements.
munsif, in its editorial on february 4, has pointed out the decision of the us government to double the salary requirement of h-1b visa applicants so that the it companies are discouraged from getting employees from other countries and employ americans in their establishments.
the government of india has expressed its anxiety on this score but there appears to be no chance that president trump would step back in this regard, the paper writes.
b'senior bjp leaders sushma swaraj and arunjaitley were today brought to madhopur in punjab from jammu,where they were stopped from leaving the airport in the run-up to the partys plan to hoist the tricolour in srinagar on republic day.
the leaders were transported in separate vehicles by officials of the jammu and kashmir government.
a large number of bjp workers and leaders,including punjab industry minister manoranjan kalia,transport minister mohan lal,lok sabha mp navjot singh sidhu and punjab bjp president ashwani sharma,welcomed the leaders at the ravi bridge at madhopur.
the bjp leaders will address a party rally at pathankot before the ekta yatra of the party led by youth wing president anurag thakur proceed to lakanpur in jammu and kashmir.
interacting with media persons,swaraj and jaitely said that they have been wrongly detained at jammu airport on the pretext of section 144 crpc (prohibitory orders).
we did not come for a satyagraha.
we have come for tiranga yatra.
wont give up.
come what maywe will enter j&kagain, sushma tweeted.
just dumped on j&k-punjab border.
this place is called madhopur, she said.
bjp leader and rajya sabha mp subramanian swamy.
express photo by praveen jain bjp leader and rajya sabha mp subramanian swamy.
express photo by praveen jainby expressing his willingness to become the prime minister, congress president rahul gandhi has indicated his party might break the alliance it was trying to form with other parties for the 2019 lok sabha polls, bjp leader and rajya sabha mp subramanian swamy said on tuesday.
gandhi, while replying to a question in bengaluru, said he was ready to take up the top job if the congress emerges as the single largest party.
it depends on how well the congress does in the election if it emerges the biggest party, yes why not?
gandhi told reporters today after the launch of party programme in bengaluru.
taking a swipe at gandhi, swamy said his statement was immature.
if he (gandhi) is going to get all these parties together, the congress will not be able to get more than 100 seats.
his statement indicates he (gandhi) wants to break the alliance.
otherwise how can he win by a single majority?
swamy, who was here to meet west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, told reporters.
the bjp rajya sabha mp also said that the days of the nehru family are over.
the nehru family has always got things done very easily without putting in much effort.
their days are now over, he said.
on whether gandhis statement in bengaluru on tuesday was an insult to other parties in the proposed alliance, swamy said this was not the time to decide on who would be the next prime minister.
asked if he still has reservations about the working of finance minister arunjaitley , swamy said he had complaints because officers, working closely with arunjaitley , were helping congress leader p chidambaram in his legal battles.
on several occasions in the past, swamy had critised jailtleys decisions and even sought his resignation.
jaitley worked with officials who were really helping chidambaram escape the law.
but he has removed most of them and now the prosecutions are going on well in the national herald case.
i think chidambaram will be in jail very soon, swamy said.
b'finance minister arunjaitley and bjp members during the voting on the gst bill in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley and bjp members during the voting on the gst bill in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo)on wednesday in rajya sabha, a rare sighting: a nearly seven-hour-long rigorous debate was followed by unanimous backing, across party lines (minus the aiadmk), for a transformative economic reform.
of course, there is a back-story to the frame that is not so picture-perfect.
the passage of the constitutional amendment bill that will underwrite the goods and services tax regime, came 11 years after the gst was first mooted in parliament; there has been prolonged political haggling and histrionics over it since.
it is also true that the passage of the constitutional amendment bill is only the first step in the implementation of the gst and that difficult decisions and tough legislation still lie ahead.
yet, the political truce in the upper house on wednesday is a moment to savour in a noisy, argumentative democracy.
and for it, congratulations are due to the narendra modi government.
ever since it came to power two years ago, the modi government has appeared to come up short on a crucial count: it has failed to strike a working relationship with its opposition.
this has been especially visible in parliament.
despite its decisive majority in the lok sabha, its moves have been stalled in the rajya sabha where the opposition has banded together to obstruct and to oppose.
on several pieces of vital legislation, like the land acquisition bill, the apparent unwillingness or incapacity of the ruling nda to engage parties of the opposition, in order to persuade and to negotiate and to bargain, has resulted in serial impasse.
in this environment, doubts have also grown stronger about the nda governments own stomach for game-changing reform.
success on the gst, therefore, could mark an important point of departure.
on the gst, the modi government successfully reached out to both the congress and regional parties, meticulously brought the latter (except the aiadmk) onto the same page and eventually made it difficult for the congress to stay outside the consensus.
going ahead, the challenge for the modi government will be to learn from itself, to recall and replay the astute strategy that has paid off for it  and the nation  on the gst.
if this gst moment should teach the government that a majority is not enough, and that it does not obviate the hard labour of politics, there is a lesson here for the congress as well.
whatever the reason for the congress finally giving in  a calculation that the government is bound to trip on the implementation, or its discomfort with the charge of obstructionism, or deference in the last instance to national interest  the party must know that to be a credible party of the opposition, it must choose its battles with greater judgement and care.
now that the gst bill has been passed without incorporating its major demand for a constitutional cap on the tax rate, the party must tell the nation just why it held out for so long.
b'illustration by c r sasikumar illustration by c r sasikumara detached, unhurried reading of the budget 2017/18 does lead one to conclude that it was not a run-of-the-mill budget.
it was different, both in what it did, and what it did not do.
it was a state of the art and a workmanlike budget with one flaw  it hesitated to go the full, logical distance in tax reforms.
why?
likely because the government is waiting for a near-optimal political and economic moment in february next year.
in several articles preceding this budget, and ever since the demonetisation (demo) policy was announced on november 8, i have argued that the key post-demo goal of the government should be to create a political and economic environment conducive to the considerably less creation of black money.
i had identified three key areas for policy.
first, individual income tax compliance must be made to increase, and as i and arvind virmani had argued, this would not happen unless incentives (carrots) were given to taxpayers for them to come into the tax net and to declare a larger fraction of their income.
second, the real estate sector needed to be cleaned up, for it was a major sink for black money.
third, election funding policies needed to be urgently reformed  this politician-dominated sector is one of the largest black sinks.
on the latter two policy objectives, the budget has been extraordinarily innovative  especially on election funding.
in addition to black money, the other problem plaguing the indian economy has been the low rate of growth of capital formation (investment) by the private sector.
this, i had emphasised, was very likely due to the extraordinarily high rates of taxation of profits in india.
the corporate sector, in aggregate, was paying more than 60 per cent of its profits as taxes to the government (corporate tax, dividend tax, pension payments, insurance payments, indirect taxes, surcharges, cesses  need one go on?
).
finance minister arunjaitley has decided to fire the first salvo in cutting tax rates of a bygone socialist era in which profits were considered evil; they were something the bhadralok shunned with pride.
for 96 per cent of firms (all those with turnover less than rs. 50 crores), the corporate tax rate has been reduced by five percentage points  30 per cent to 25 per cent.
this is just not enough, and possibly a major clean-up will be presented in next years budget when (hopefully) a no-exemption corporate tax rate of 18 per cent to 20 per cent will be implemented for all firms, big and small.
personal income tax (pit) rates: modi-jaitley have taken a significant step forward by halving the tax rate (from 10 per cent to 5 per cent) for the lower middle-class taxpayers (between rs 2.
5 lakh to 5 lakh).
even tax payers earning between rs 5 and rs 50 lakh will have their tax outgo reduced by rs 12,500.
for those earning between rs 50 lakh and rs 1 crore, there is a tax surcharge of 10 per cent, and the surcharge for incomes above rs 1 crore is retained at 15 per cent.
there are important state elections (especially up) days after the budget presentation.
it is well-recognised (and inevitably should be) that a budget is both an economic and political document.
jaitley goes to considerable lengths in the budget to emphasise that we are not a pit-compliant society.
to coin a phrase, when it comes to pit, indians are the pits.
this was also emphasised by pm modi on december 31, and this is a very welcome innovation for leading policymakers to publicly, and loudly, admit to the plague of tax non-compliance.
comparing the tax compliance data offered by arunjaitley on page 28 of his budget speech (and our synthetic or estimated income distribution for 2011 to 2016/17, the one used by virmani and myself), one gets the following result: for 2015-16, those earning between rs 10 lakh and rs 50 lakh (individuals with no tax surcharge), only 13 per cent of individuals paid taxes, while for those with incomes above rs 50 lakh, tax compliance is 26 per cent, that is, the super-rich who are paying a 10-15 per cent surcharge are twice as tax compliant as the near-rich.
so this policy of not cutting taxes for all is an opportunity missed  maybe next year?
however, in the main, the budget is workmanlike and brilliant, in being focused on the big picture, and ignoring all advice to do the wrong things  for example, instituting long-term capital gains tax, or bringing in inheritance tax, or providing doles instead of infrastructure, rejecting universal basis income, and indirectly hinting (through the economic survey) that the days of cash transfers for the poor are numbered (bye bye, pds).
the best commentary on the mgnrega was by the fm when he declared that this favourite of sonia gandhi and the congress left had received the maximum ever allocation of rs 48,000 crore.
what arunjaitley did not emphasise was that this was the lowest in real terms since the programme was initiated in 2008/2009; the real allocationto mgnrega is now less than two-thirds of the rs 37,400 made available in 2008/2009.
further, and more importantly, mgnrega has been converted into a programme for providing infrastructure for irrigation.
the budget has been extra-careful and conservative about the impact of demo on the economy.
it is very likely that gdp growth for 2016/2017 will close in on a number above 7 per cent.
somewhat surprisingly, demo has not had that big a negative impact on the economy.
the jury is still out, but all (conservative) official estimates peg gdp growth at no less than 6.
7 per cent.
this is obtained with a gdp for agriculture at 4.
1 per cent.
kharif acreage, unaffected by demo, had an expansion of 3.
5 per cent.
add a miniscule productivity growth of 0.
6 percent, and one obtains the cso estimate of 4.
1 per cent agricultural growth for 2016-17.
the cso was honest about not extrapolating beyond october 2016.
but the rabi acreage, advertised by many anti-demo experts as doomed, has expanded by at least 5.
9 per cent (all data as of january 13, economic survey, page 156); wheat acreage is up by 7.
1 per cent.
this implies that a minimum level of agricultural growth for 2016-17 will likely be close to 5.
5 per cent, and the likely level 6 per cent to 7 per cent.
assuming an agricultural growth of 6.
5 per cent (versus the 4.
1 per cent estimated by the cso), yields a gdp growth level of 7.
1 per cent.
this is well above that of the (deliberately-conservative) ministry of finance and near identical to the estimates of both the cso and rbi.
the bjp, especially pm modi, is a long-distance runner, a test player, rather than one playing the gimmicky t20s (or even less gimmicky one-days).
this longer vision has been apparent for some time, and i believe comes out strongly in the budget in its estimate of the fiscal deficit for 2017/18.
remember, the budget is (ultimately) about fiscalism, revenues and expenditures, that is, the fiscal deficit.
the budget has not only underestimated gdp growth, but also the addition to tax revenue this year, and in the future, from increased pit compliance.
the fiscal deficit for the next year is very likely to be less than the 3.
2 per cent target for 2017/18, and likely less than 3 per cent.
if both tax revenues and gdp growth are understated, the fiscal deficit is doubly overstated.
what a great idea, sirji.
after the elections in the next few days, large state elections are only in november 2018 and the national elections are scheduled for 2019.
flush with higher than expected tax revenue and gdp growth, the modi government will likely complete tax reform for individuals, and corporates, in february next year.
what exquisite timing  set a conservative base this year, so you can be radical next year.
union minister m venkaiah naidu.
(pti file photo) union minister m venkaiah naidu.
(pti file photo)union minister m venkaiah naidu, who was being seen as a contender for the presidentship, today said bjp chief amit shah had ended the speculation by nominating him to a committee he had constituted for talks with alliance partners and opposition on the issue.
my president (amit shah) has done (me) a favour yesterday by including me in the committee, so that speculation (comes to an end), naidu said with his tongue firmly in cheek.
naidu was yesterday made a part of the three-member panel, which also included finance minister arunjaitley and home minister rajnath singh.
they have been tasked with holding talks to evolve a consensus with other political parties, which are likely to field their own presidential candidate.
the 67-year-old former bjp president was seen as a top contender for the presidents post.
b'file photo of congress leader veerappa moily file photo of congress leader veerappa moilyformer law minister m veerappa moily said tuesday he had wanted to bring a law preventing politicians from controlling sports associations but there was pressure on him not to disturb the status quo.
his statement comes at a time when the justice r m lodha-led committee set up by the supreme court has recommended government servants and ministers be banned from holding posts in the cricket board bcci.
why should politicians, especially ministers, hold positions in sports associations?
where is the time?
this job is best left to sportspersons and administrators, moily told the indian express.
that is why, when i was law minister and later corporate affairs minister, i wanted to bring a law to make working of sports associations transparent and also open their accounts for public scrutiny.
however, many political leaders strongly opposed me.
since there was no consensus, the move never fructified.
the congress mp said he was of the firm opinion that political leaders shouldnt head sports associations.
that is a job best left to former international players.
being involved with such associations will also give them an opportunity to do something to make their game more popular.
how can any right-thinking individual oppose this?
he said.
asked if those who opposed his plan included his cabinet colleagues in the then upa-2 government, moily said, yes, leaders of all parties, including many ministers, opposed the move.
i fail to understand what they gain from heading sports associations.
during upa-2, among ministers actively involved in various sports associations were sharad pawar (cricket), praful patel (football), farooq abdullah (cricket), rajiv shukla (cricket) and jyotiraditya scindia (cricket).
as corporate affairs minister, moily had announced a law to bring transparency and public accountability in business activities of societies such as the bcci and also bring sports bodies under the purview of the rti act.
however, the move never went beyond the discussion stage.
it was discussed informally, including at one cabinet meeting.
but, many ministers were not in favour of any interference in functioning of sports associations, moily said.
incidentally, the aam aadmi party government of delhi has alleged irregularities in the delhi cricket body ddca during the term of present finance minister arunjaitley as president of ddca, a post he held till 2013.
in an interview to the indian express, suspended bjp lok sabha mp and former india cricketer kirti azad, who is currently involved in a bitter feud with the ddca, had said, i fail to understand why politicians have to come into sports.
we have very good examples of politicians who have come into sports politicians come in and delay an issue.
justice delayed is justice denied and it happens all the time.
the new policy announced on wednesday disappoints on several count the new policy announced on wednesday disappoints on several countthe announcement of the national health policy was eagerly awaited.
for one, the country was going to have a new health policy after 15 years.
secondly, the draft national health policy that was put in the public sphere in 2015 had promised much.
but the new policy announced on wednesday disappoints on several counts.
it aims to eliminate kala-azar and filariasis by the end of this year, leprosy by 2018 and measles by 2020.
but there is nothing new in these targets; they were part of finance minister arunjaitley budget speech.
more significantly, the policy belies the promises of its draft version.
the countrys paltry public health expenditure has repeatedly drawn criticism from national and international experts.
indias current expenditure of less than 1.
5 per cent of its gdp on health seems a pittance compared to what the who recommends  5 per cent of a countrys gdp.
the health policy of 2002 had promised that india would spend 2 per cent of its gdp on health by 2010.
that never happened.
the draft national health policy made an attempt to address this shortfall, if only partially.
it recognised that while indias gdp has grown significantly in the past decade, the share of health in the countrys public expenditure has not grown; the document stressed the two-way linkage between economic growth and health status.
the draft had said that the country would spend 2.
5 per cent of its gdp on health by the end of 2017.
the policy announced on wednesday pushes back this deadline to 2025.
it also climbs down on another important proposal in the draft policy  of a national health rights act.
the policy fails to make health a justiceable right and instead talks of an assurance-based approach.
the governments argument that the states do not have the infrastructure to make health an entitlement seems weak in light of the fact that essential healthcare services such as diagnostics and drugs are free in many states.
state governments have, however, failed to expand the workforce engaged in healthcare, train them and retain them.
this has affected service delivery as well as research and development.
the draft health policy recognised this shortfall and ascribed it to meagre spending.
the new policy, in contrast, makes very little attempt to correct past mistakes.
it does mandate the creation of a national healthcare standards organisation (nhso) that will fix standards for healthcare institutions in the country.
but given that health is a state subject, its not certain if this organisation will have the teeth to be effective  much like the new national health policy.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday.
(pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley on thursday.
(pti photo)as many as 164 ponzi companies are currently being probed by central agencies for duping customers across the country, government said today.
the minister said the government has taken a number of steps to check cases of corporate frauds and protect interests of the investors of all such ponzi schemes.
the action includes incorporating fraud as a substantive offence in the companies act, 2013, granting statutory status to the sfio under the law, stricter norms of corporate governance and their implementation.
greater application of technology for early and preliminary identification of cases involving frauds through data analysis and usage of forensic tools etc.
several states have framed laws to deal with ponzi scheme-related cases, besides the sebi and sfio too have taken action against offenders, he said.
cbi probe has been initiated in a large number of cases, many people were prosecuted and arrests made while several promoters continue to be in jails, he said, adding the enforcement directorate has also attached properties of many promoters under pmla.
the minister said the central government has decided to set up a central authority under the law so that proper action can be taken against the guilty.
finance minister arunjaitley (file) finance minister arunjaitley (file)finance minister arunjaitley friday sought parliament nod to spend a net extra rs 14,787 crore in the fiscal ending march 31, mainly on payment of pension arrears to defence personnel, providing more money to a price stabilisation fund and repaying debt.
in the third and final batch of supplementary demands for grants for 2016-17, he sought approval of parliament for gross additional expenditure of rs 11.
35 lakh crore.
of this, the net cash outgo aggregates to rs 14,786.
85 crore and the remainder is matched by savings of the ministries/departments or by enhanced receipts/recoveries, the document tabled in parliament said.
of the rs 11.
35 lakh crore, rs 10.
84 lakh crore is for repayment of debt which include buyback and switching of treasury bonds.
one of the biggest spend is of rs 3,500 crore on providing additional money to the price stabilisation fund, which was set up to market interventions for managing prices of perishable agri-horticultural commodities by procuring directly from farmers and later supplying at reasonable rates to consumers.
another rs 3,292.
94 crore is for payment of arrears of pension on implementation of the recommendations of the 7th central pay commission, impact of dearness relief and arrears arising out of implementation of one rank one pension.
also, rs 1,504.
32 crore will go as contribution under credit support programme for augmentation of funds to the corpus for credit guarantee trust fund for micro and small enterprises.
the demands for grants also include an additional outlay of rs 3,843 crore towards fertiliser subsidies and another rs 3,000 crore for assisting states affected by natural calamities.
moreover, the government has sought parliament nod for transferring of rs 5,203 crore from krishi kalyan cess to krishi kalyan kosh and also for the transfer of rs 5,889 crore of unclaimed money to senior citizen welfare fund.
as much as rs 782 crore of additional fund will be provided for funding the pradhan mantri gramin awas yojana.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photo finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photounion finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday called upon party leaders to work for the development of the region, the state as well as take along mainstream parties in the valley in fight against separatism.
the ultra tech office has all the facilities like conference halls and auditorium, apart from well furnished rooms for stay of party workers and leaders visiting jammu from outside.
the people gave us their verdict to take care of the interests of jammu, he said, adding that the arthmetic thrown by assembly polls also made clear as to which parties will form the government.
everybody knows that we both have ideological differences, he said, adding that under the given situation the challenge is how to move ahead without compromising partys core ideology against separatism.
i think that both the party leadership at the centre and in the state will have to face this challenge unitedly, he added.
referring to the present pdp-bjp coalition government in the state, he said, we have to use it against separatism in the valley.
we shall use this opportunity for all round development on one hand and to ensure that main stream parties in the valley are also on.
our side in fight against separatism.
earlier, partys national general secretary ram lal also said there will be no compromise on partys core ideology of fighting against separatism.
however, while carrying forward our idealogy, we will also keep in mind the sensitivities of each region, he added.
the government has proposed to make the aadhaar number mandatory for filing income-tax returns and while applying for a new permanent account number (pan) from july 1, according to amendments proposed by finance minister arunjaitley in the finance bill.
taxpayers will be required to link their pan cards with aadhaar numbers; pan cards not linked to aadhaar numbers before the july deadline will be deemed invalid, as per the amendments.
those who do not have their aadhar cards as yet will be required to submit their enrollment numbers.
in january, the labour ministry had made the linking of aadhaar cards with employee provident fund (epf) accounts mandatory.
in a notification, the ministry said that those without aadhaar will have to apply to get enrolled by january 31, 2017.
reminding the central government that aadhaar cannot be made mandatory for any services, the supreme court had last september ordered it to remove a condition making it mandatory for students to provide aadhaar numbers for various scholarship schemes.
a bench led by justice v gopala gowda had recalled an order of the top court in october 2015 whereby it was clarified that the aadhaar card scheme is purely voluntary and it cannot be made mandatory till the matter is finally decided by this court one way or the other.
but a letter sent by the central government to chief secretaries and administrators of all states and union territories on july 14 had stated that only online applications under the national scholarship scheme will be accepted and it may be noted that submission of aadhaar is mandatory.
b'the ec said the introduction of electoral bonds are a retrograde step.
(file photo) the ec said the introduction of electoral bonds are a retrograde step.
(file photo)the election commission told a parliamentary committee on friday that the introduction of electoral bonds are a retrograde step as it will compromise transparency in political funding, reported news agency pti.
the electoral bond scheme, recently introduced by the government, helps citizens donate to political parties anonymously.
the process involves donors issuing electoral bonds from an authorised bank, and donating them to the political party of their choice.
the bond, open for a limited period of time during or before an election, has a very short lifespan.
through this process, the centre hopes to cleanse funding of political parties.
the amendment in section 29 c of the representation of the people act, 1951 making it no longer necessary to report details of donations received through electoral bonds is a retrograde step as transparency of political funding would be compromised as a result of the change, the ec said in a written deposition to the parliamentary standing committee on law and personnel, reported pti.
the ec and members of the committee discussed electronic voting machines (evms), paper trail machines and electoral reforms in a meeting today.
now how do these bonds function.
these bonds have to be authorised under a particular scheme under the income tax act.
that scheme will have the following features, it will open for a limited period of time during elections or maybe a little before the elections.
the life of a bond will be very short maybe a few days.
why do we take these precautions, knowing the manner in which people have laundered money, a bond should not become a parallel currency, so that people start transacting in bonds.
the bond can be purchased by any donor by cheque payment from an authorised bank.
you can only donate these bonds to political parties.
finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)addressing one of the major concerns of the opposition on the finance bill, the government wednesday assured parliament that all judicial appointments in regulatory bodies or tribunals, many of which are being restructured at one go through provisions in the finance bill, would continue to be made in consultation with the judiciary.
rules of a legislation stipulate how that legislation would be implemented, and are framed after the legislation has been passed by both houses of parliament and turned into a law.
he had to repeat this commitment two more times as three congress members  p chidambaram, kapil sibal and jairam ramesh  stood up to point out that the related provisions in the bill under consideration did not have any such assurance.
the laws governing as many as 27 regulatory bodies and tribunals are being amended through the finance bill, one of the reasons why the opposition has been calling it draconian and an attempt to stifle parliamentary discussion.
the rajya sabha, where the government lacks a majority, does not have the power to amend or reject the finance bill.
this years finance bill clubs amendments not just to laws governing regulatory bodies and tribunals but also to various others, including companies act and income tax act.
the opposition has been crying foul, calling it an attack on constitutional integrity.
the opposition did manage a consolation victory in rajya sabha though, forcing four amendments to the finance bill.
these amendments would have to be referred back to lok sabha which had earlier passed the finance bill.
lok sabha can choose to reject all the amendments made by rajya sabha.
three of the amendments, which were passed by comfortable majority, were moved by digvijaya singh while one was proposed by sitaram yechury of cpm.
digvijaya singhs amendments related to provisions to change the income tax act, over which chidambaram and arunjaitley had a long sparring session.
chidambaram, sibal and some other congress mps argued against provisions which seek to deny a person under investigation for tax evasion any access to information that formed the basis for launching the probe against him or her.
income tax authorities have to prepare a written satisfaction note before raiding someone over suspicions of tax evasion.
the satisfaction note specifies the reasons why a person needs to be investigated, and can be challenged in a court of law.
congress members claimed that the provisions being introduced by the government would lead to inspector raj and result in witch-hunt.
yechurys amendment related to provisions that seek to change the companies act to remove the ceiling applicable to corporate funding of political parties.
in a big step forward, the gst council on thursday approved the state gst and the union territory gst laws, paving the way for the july 1 roll out of the new indirect tax system.
addressing a press conference in delhi, finance minister arunjaitley said, the gst council today approved the gst state and union territory laws.
he added that the law relating to registrations, invoices and returns have already been approved.
the council had earlier on march 4 cleared drafts of three other bills integrated gst (igst), central gst (cgst) and compensation bill.
these bills will now go to union cabinet for approval.
the gst council will be meeting on march 31 to frame rules for the goods and services tax regime, said arun jaitley.
the tax rates will be further decided after the framing of rules, he added.
the government plans to roll out the new tax regime by july 1, 2017.
the session will begin after governor p sathasivam address to the state assembly.
the session will begin after governor p sathasivam address to the state assembly.
the 15-day long fourth session of the 14th kerala legislative assembly will begin from thursday with the address of governor justice (ret) p sathasivam.
the harassment of a noted actress inside a car by a group of persons at kochi, the severe drought situation prevailing in parts of the state and alleged disruption in the supply of food items through ration shops are some of the topics expected to come up in the session that would end on march 16.
watch what else is making newsgiving details of the session at a press conference in thiruvananthapuram, speaker p sreeramakrishnan said the state budget for the year 2017-18 would be presented by finance minister t m thomas issac in the house on march 3.
sriramakrishnan said the plachimada coca cola victims relief and compensation claims special tribunal bill, 2011, which was returned by the centre, would be reintroduced after making necessary changes.
the house has the right to reintroduce the same if it has been returned by centre without giving assent to it sriramakrishnan added.
coca-cola closed down its unit at plachimada in palakkad district in march 2004, following agitation by local people complaining of environment pollution and over exploitation of ground water by the company.
the bill, which proposed to establish a tribunal to try all disputes for compensation and secure it from coco-cola company, was passed unanimously by the assembly on february 24, 2011.
a high level committee appointed by the state government to report the loss caused to the people allegedly due to the pollution from the affluents released from the company had estimated an amount of rs 216.
25 crore as compensation.
a series of seminars on various aspects of democracy have been planned for year as part of diamond jubilee celebration of the state assembly.
cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury would deliver a lecture on federalism and challengers on march 7.
union minister arunjaitley would participate at a function in may.
former union ministers kapil sibal and jairam ramesh would also participate in various programmes in april and june respectively, he said.
b'first of its kind townhall underway in delhi; pm narendra modi to interact with citizens shorty.
(source: ani photo) first of its kind townhall underway in delhi; pm narendra modi to interact with citizens shorty.
(source: ani photo)finance minister arunjaitley on saturday advocated for freehand to ministers and bureaucrats to express themselves on social media to make government functioning transparent.
his comments at the event to mark second anniversary of mygov app came against the backdrop of the department of personnel and training (dopt) recently issuing draft service rules proposing to allow bureaucrats to participate freely on social media websites like facebook, twitter and linkedin but criticism of government will still be a no-no.
read | mygov.
in live: swachh bharat is a prime example of citizens participation, says pm narendra modithe draft rules bar officers from making criticism of government on television, social media or any other communication application by any means, including a caricature.
but one strong asset which the social media has provided you is that before you reach that one decision there are multiple opinions which come.
social media providers alternate view points, criticisms, comments and suggestions, he said.
therefore in a transparent government system, i see nothing wrong in civil servants expressing themselves freely, ministers expressing themselves freely.
airing opinion freely is how consultation process should take place.
eventually the decision has to be one.
speaking about advantages of social media, he said previously only big metropolitan cities were looked at for opinion or suggestions but today with the advent of social media, opinions are freely available from schools, colleges, tier ii, iii and even downwards.
the youth are more informed.
b'new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley and rbi governor urjit patel during the customary post- budget meeting in new delhi on saturday.
pti photo new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley and rbi governor urjit patel during the customary post- budget meeting in new delhi on saturday.
pti photoa budget is contextual.
when the new year dawned, some things were abundantly clear.
firstly, the external environment was no longer benign (rising oil prices and rising protectionism).
secondly, the growth rate of the indian economy was slowing down (as in many countries of the world).
thirdly, while the indian economy was growing, few jobs were being created.
fourthly, there was acute distress in the farm sector.
fifthly, three of the four engines of growth (private investment, private consumption and exports) were sputtering.
sixthly, demonetisation was a terrible disruption of the india growth story.
the context ought to have set the overall objectives of budget 2017-18.
those objectives ought to have been reflected in the finance ministers budget speech, the numbers in the budget documents and the provisions of the finance bill.
sadly, nothing was evident from the budget speech.
nor did the finance minister spell out the objectives in his numerous post-budget interviews to the media.
context sets goalsunder upa i (2004-2009), we chased growth to lift the growth rate from the average of 5.
9 per cent recorded during the atal bihari vajpayee government (1999-2004).
beginning september 2008 and until 2012 (upa ii), the goal was to counter the consequences of the international financial crisis (september 2008) and maintain growth.
after august 2012, the aim was to pull back the economy from the deviations and renew the commitment to fiscal consolidation.
in 2012-13 and 2013-14, the objective was to deliver on fiscal consolidation, inflation control and growth.
such an overarching goal is absent in budget 2017-18.
one thing is clear: demonetisation hangs like a dark cloud over the government and its exertions.
the government wants to reboot the economy but it does not know what risks it can take.
for an economy that is slowing down perceptibly, and not creating sufficient jobs, the textbook prescription is to increase public expenditure.
the finance minister claimed that he had done that and pointed to a rise in total expenditure from rs 20,14,407 crore in 2016-17 (re) to rs 21,46,735 crore in 2017-18 (be).
that is impressive  but only until you convert all expenditure numbers into percentage of gdp.
the contractionwhen all economists were agreed and the economic survey had recommended an increase in government expenditure, the government has chosen to reduce its expenditure as a proportion of gdp!
not only total expenditure, but expenditure under crucial heads has declined as a percentage of gdp in the budget for 2017-18 (see table above).
even in a crucial area like defence capital expenditure, there will be a decline in expenditure.
the capital outlay on defence services (army, navy and air force) was the following:2015-16 rs 71,674 crore2016-17 be rs 78,586 crore2016-17 re rs 71,515 crore2017-18 be rs 78,078 crorethe conclusions are obvious.
the defence ministry is not expected to spend the amount allocated to it in 2016-17 for capital expenditure.
it will fall short by rs 7,071 crore, nearly 9 per cent of the allocation.
hence, the finance minister has cut the budget allocation for 2017-18 from rs 78,586 crore to rs 78,078 crore.
since that would not look nice, he has puffed up the number by adding rs 8,364 crore by the simple expedient of showing sums allocated to the heads of defence ordnance factories, r&d and dgqa under capital outlay on defence services!
also, if you look at the table (at the top), you will be alarmed to find that the allocation (as a per cent of gdp) remains the same for 2016-17 re and 2017-18 be for crucial programmes such as interest subsidy on farm loans, national social assistance programme (old age pensions) and mid day meals scheme.
allowing for rise in the number of beneficiaries and rise in cost in the case of mid-day meals, the effect of such constant allocation may actually turn out to be a reduction.
fear haunts govtwhy did the government, against all advice, adopt a contractionary strategy?
the ostensible reason is to meet the fiscal deficit target, but even after contraction the target has not been met.
it has been set at 3.
2 per cent in 2017-18 be when it should have been set at 3.
0 per cent.
it is obvious that the government fears that it has overestimated the gdp for 2017-18; or the governments revenue projections are aggressive and may not be achieved; or the governments estimates of expenditure are under-stated; or all of the above.
will the strategy work?
will it boost economic activity and deliver growth of over 7 per cent?
will it attract private investment?
will it create jobs?
i doubt it.
the government should have adopted an expansionary strategy coupled with bold and broad reforms.
it should have attempted a more ambitious disinvestment programme.
it should have implemented the recommendations of the expenditure reforms committee (appointed by it) and cut wasteful expenditure and expenditure that have yielded no results.
fear haunts the government.
it seems to have given up on bold reforms.
finance minister arun jailtey (file photo) finance minister arun jailtey (file photo)a day ahead of the union budget, the economic survey for 2016-17 tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley does not present a bright picture for the next financial year 2017-18.
while it does expect the growth rate to inch up, placing it within a wide band of 6.
75-7.
5 per cent, it warns of downside risks due to rising oil prices, trade tensions and increasing protectionism.
read | economic survey 2016-17: here are the highlightsin the current year or 2016-17, the survey expects the economy to grow 6.
5-6.
75 per cent, with demonetisation lopping off 0.
25-0.
5 percentage points from a baseline growth of 7 per cent.
read | economic survey 2017: everything you need to knowwatch video | budget 2017 interview: keki mistry, vice chairman & ceo, hdfc on affordable housing & morethe central statistics office (cso), in the first advance estimates for 2016-17, had projected indias gdp to grow 7.
1 per cent, not taking into account the impact of demonetisation.
the survey also adds that recorded gdp growth in the second half of this year will understate the overall impact because the most affected parts of the economy  informal and cash-based  are either not captured in the national income accounts or their measurement is based on formal sector indicators.
in an interview to the indian express, the surveys principal author and chief economic advisor arvind subramanian, however, warned that closing h1b visas and restrictions on outsourcing will affect growth by affecting exports.
while the survey is optimistic about exports due to expectations of a fiscal stimulus by the us, he said india was quite vulnerable to restrictions on services.
watch video | does budget 2017 incentivise investment into housing or not?
the kind of difference between china and mexico and us is that mexico and china are much more vulnerable to restrictions on manufacturing.
we are much more vulnerable to restrictions on services and the h1-b kind of attack in a direct way, so one has to worry quite a bit that any reversal of globalisation in this atmosphere could also mean restrictions on exports of services and thats bad news.
we cannot move towards 8-10 per cent (growth) if thats the way the world markets (behave)then we have to revise down realistically our growth target and potential, subramanian said.
indias period of rapid growth of 8-9 per cent would not have been possible without the exports growth of 25 per cent, he added.
according to the cea, the immediate challenge faced by the economy was the twin balance-sheet problem  over-leveraged companies and bad loan-encumbered banks.
when asked why has the government not been able to tackle this festering problem, he said, world over this is a very difficult problem.
its less about banks than it is about companies.
most stressed debt is with large companies.
and then, there is always a temptation to see this as a morality play  that the guy has got away with it, and not as an economic problem, which it is today.
in india, its doubly difficult because you have what you call the 4c problem  court, cvc, cbi and cag.
i dont mean to be pejorative, but this is a fact of life, subramanian said.
watch video | does budget 2017 incentivise investment into housing or not?
the survey has advocated the setting up of a public sector asset rehabilitation agency, similar to what east asian countries did after severe twin balance sheet problems in the 1990s.
also, private investment is unlikely to recover significantly, the survey said, from the levels of fy2017.
some of this weakness could be offset through higher public investment, but that would depend on the stance of fiscal policy next year, which has to balance the short-term requirements of an economy recovering from demonetisation against the medium-term necessity of adhering to fiscal discipline  and the need to be seen as doing so, it said.
the document has also flagged the universal basic income (ubi) scheme as a conceptually appealing idea that could work as an alternative to the various social welfare programmes that are targeted at reducing poverty.
there were a number of implementation challenges, especially the risk that it would become an add-on to, rather than a replacement of, current anti-poverty and social programmes, which would make it fiscally unaffordable, it noted.
listing the other challenges, the survey said that vigilance would be essential to prevent a price spiral for certain agricultural products such as milk, sugar, potatoes and onions, whose supplies get affected due to currency shortages.
the scope for monetary easing might also be narrow, if higher oil prices stoked inflationary pressure, it added.
watch video | budget 2017 expectations: taxesdetailing the impact of demonetisation on the economy, the survey said, short-term costs have taken the form of inconvenience and hardship, especially those in the informal and cash-intensive sectors of the economy which have lost income and employment.
these costs, however, are transitory, and may be minimised in recorded gdp as it estimates informal activity on the basis of formal sector indicators, which have not suffered to the same extent as informal sectors, the document said.
in the long-term, demonetisation has the potential to generate benefits in terms of reduced corruption, greater digitalization of the economy, increased flows of financial savings, and greater formalization of the economy, all of which could eventually lead to higher gdp growth, better tax compliance and greater tax revenues, it said.
since the magnitude and extent of short-term costs of demonetisation are uncertain, the survey said that certain policy responses are needed by remonetising the economy expeditiously by supplying as much cash as necessary, especially in lower denomination notes, bringing land and real estate into the gst, reducing taxes and stamp duties and ensuring that the follow-up to demonetisation does not lead to over-zealous tax administration.
the survey said that the indian economy recovering from demonetisation will need policy support, which could be in the form of lower policy rates and fiscal policy support as there is cyclical weakness on account of demonetisation.
finance minister arunjaitley speaks in rajya sabha.
finance minister arunjaitley speaks in rajya sabha.
jaitley said: not for a single day was the supply of currency inadequate.
the government has been criticised over demonetisation and people struggled over shortage due to liquidity crunch and additional restrictions imposed for daily, weekly and monthly transactions.
jaitley has denied any allegations of mismanagement of demonetisation and remonetisation as well.
after demonetisation, the government slowly started to flood the system with the new rs. 2,000 notes to replenish the cash shortage and that raised the new problemshortage of loose cash.
atms remained out of order for days on end, some even for weeks with people camping outside them throughout the night in wait for cash.
further, logistical issues were a nightmare as providing new currency from the rbi currency chests to every corner of the country was a mammoth exercise.
the situation couldnt be stabilised in few days and people across the country, including banks came on record saying they were struggling with short supply of currency.
finance minister arunjaitley and minister of state for urban development babul supriyo with bengal cm mamata banerjee at the swearing-in ceremony, in kolkata friday.
(express photo by subham dutta) finance minister arunjaitley and minister of state for urban development babul supriyo with bengal cm mamata banerjee at the swearing-in ceremony, in kolkata friday.
(express photo by subham dutta)the decision of the west bengal bjp to boycott the swearing-in ceremony of mamata banerjee and her cabinet colleagues friday hasnt gone down well with the partys central leadership, with sources saying that union finance minister arunjaitley expressed his displeasure at the move.
the state bjp had last week announced to boycott the swearing-in after party leader roopa ganguly was attacked in kakdwip, allegedly by a group of tmc workers.
from bjp, only arunjaitley and babul supriyo, the asanol mp, attended the event at the red road.
bjp state president dilip ghosh wasnt present in kolkata friday and former state bjp chief rahul sinha, who received arunjaitley , had to bear the brunt of the union ministers displeasure, said senior party leaders.
jaitley was very displeased.
his argument was that oppositional politics doesnt necessarily need to breach protocol.
he said such politics would harm the countrys federal structure, said a senior bjp leader.
blast at tmc victory rallynine persons, including six children, were injured when unidentified persons hurled a bomb at a victory rally of trinamool congress at kipalpur in north 24 parganas district saturday.
b'transparency in political financing will happen when the political establishment realises that the only way to get out of the shackles of big and black money is to become open.
transparency in political financing will happen when the political establishment realises that the only way to get out of the shackles of big and black money is to become open.
the 2017-18 union budget had an unusual feature, a section titled transparency in electoral funding.
many commentators have hailed it as a positive step.
but is it?
an interview with finance minister arunjaitley in this newspaper is revealing.
he stated: the present system has failed and we are experimenting with a new system.
the key features of budget 2017-2018 put out by the government contain six statements on transparency in electoral funding.
only two are action-oriented.
watch what else is making newsof the two, the first pertains to a reduction in the limit for cash donations to rs 2,000 from rs 20,000.
while it looks like a sizeable reduction, it is unlikely to have any real impact.
past experience shows political parties follow the law only in letter and not in spirit.
while the existing law required them to disclose donations of more than rs 20,000 each in order to avail the 100 per cent exemption from income tax, it never forbade them from disclosing donations of less than rs 20,000.
the other concern is the disparity between what ordinary citizens are being exhorted to do and what political parties are being enabled to do.
ordinary citizens are encouraged to make payments using digital means.
political parties, on the other hand, are being allowed to accept donations up to rs 2,000 in cash.
another point that follows is curious.
it says, political parties will be entitled to receive donations by cheque or digital mode from their donors.
this implies that earlier, political parties were not entitled to receive donations by cheque or digital mode.
the second action-oriented point is, the issuance of electoral bonds in accordance with a scheme that the government of india would frame and the amendment to the rbi act to enable this.
the details of the scheme will be known only when it is formulated.
but the interview with the fm offers a clue about what it is likely to be.
his statement reads, these bonds will be bearer in character to keep the donor anonymous.
the problem with political financing is that 75-80 per cent of the declared income of political parties comes from unknown sources.
if the objective of the electoral bond scheme is to keep the donor anonymous, then it seems to be the very antithesis of transparency.
the last two points, though not action-oriented, do seem to strengthen the shadow of doubt.
these are: every political party would have to file its return within the time prescribed in accordance with the provision of the income tax act and: existing exemption to the political parties from payment of income tax would be available only subject to the fulfilment of these conditions.
the first of these has been in existence since 1979 and the second since 2003.
to include them in a proposal to cleanse the system of funding of political parties, as the fm said in his budget speech, seems an effort to create a mirage.
transparency in political financing will happen when the political establishment realises that the only way to get out of the shackles of big and black money is to become open.
the government can do this by revising its affidavit in the supreme court to say all political parties should be under the purview of the rti act, thus honouring the central information commissions 2013 decision.
b'according to him, the removal of exemptions on personal income tax and bringing agriculture under the tax net will increase the governments revenue.
(representational) according to him, the removal of exemptions on personal income tax and bringing agriculture under the tax net will increase the governments revenue.
(representational)when the farming community across the country lives in precarious conditions, certain statements by members of the niti aayog have shocked farmers.
the opinion of the members is even more important as the pm presides over the niti aayog.
the suggestion of bringing agricultural income into the income tax structure was proposed by a niti aayog member: bibek debroy recently said that the number of taxpayers must be increased by eliminating exemptions on agricultural income.
according to him, the removal of exemptions on personal income tax and bringing agriculture under the tax net will increase the governments revenue.
this recommendation is part of a 15-year perspective plan circulated among the states at the niti aayogs governing council meeting.
fully aware of its sensitivity, finance minister arunjaitley had to issue a statement from moscow; he had to clarify that there is no intention on the governments part to tax agricultural income.
he clarified that taxation on agricultural income does not come under the centres jurisdiction.
in his article, (12 reasons why, ie, may 3), debroy listed certain facts supporting his statement.
most of the taxation provisions enlisted by him were either archaic or bizarrely irrelevant.
moreover, he also refused to accept rural and urban disparities in income which, according to him, is an artificial distinction.
both his assumptions are not only flawed  they seem ludicrous.
agricultures share in indias gdp is around 14-16 per cent while it has 49 per cent of the total manpower and 64 percent of rural manpower.
the main reason for a large part of the population being dependent on agriculture is small land holdings and less productive farming techniques.
this is why the per capita income of agricultural labourers and farmers is extremely low.
according to the state of indian agriculture report (2015-16), the number of land holdings of one hectare or less has increased by 23 per cent in a decade.
the number of such plots in 2000-2001 was 75.
41 million, which increased to 92.
83 million in 2010-11.
according to the report, based on the calculations of the 70th round of the national sample survey, nearly 9.
6 million farmers of the country have 0.
5 hectares or less land.
the total monthly expenditure of these families is more than their monthly consumption spending.
for instance, the number of farmer families holding 0.
41-1.
0 hectare of land is 3.
15 crores.
the total monthly income of each such family was rs 2,145 from farming activities.
earnings from agricultural labour (rs 2,011), livestock (rs 629) and non-agricultural works (rs 462) comes to around rs 3,102.
the total from all sources is rs 5,247, whereas the monthly consumption expenditure of marginal farmers and households is rs 6,020.
moreover, agricultural output fluctuates far more than the industrial and services sectors.
in this bleak situation, the proposal to tax agricultural income is not only irrational, but also speaks to the gargantuan divide between policymakers and farmers.
today, there is a perception in farming communities that the niti aayog is drafting policies to benefit industry and corporates.
instead of clearing the air, statements speaking of taxing agricultural income affirm such distrust.
where there is a trust deficit, inequality and oppression, there is resentment and violence.
the naxal problem is a quintessential example.
governance is fundamentally different from management.
it requires empathy and moral integrity.
the niti aayog was envisaged as a think tank and tasked with formulating policies and guidelines for the government.
it has been said that those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat the same mistakes.
if the aayog does not want to go on the lines of the erstwhile planning commission, it must engage in course corrections.
a more inclusive approach of policy formulation and dialogue with farmers organisations, state governments and other stakeholders may strengthen the cooperative federalism envisioned at the foundation of the niti aayog.
advertisingsimultaneous polls to the lok sabha and state legislative assemblies has been a constant refrain in modis political discourse.
last month, he mentioned it in his independence day speech too.
he has justified the proposal on several grounds, including a substantive cut in expenditure incurred for conducting separate elections every year.
in early 2016, a committee of ministers (com), set up to examine the election commissions proposal to purchase new evms and vvpat units for rs 5,200 crore ahead of the 2019 lok sabha polls, was asked by the prime ministers office (pmo) to also examine the feasibility of holding simultaneous elections.
at a meeting of the com held on april 11, 2016, arunjaitley voiced his reservations.
regarding holding of simultaneous election to the lok sabha and state legislative assemblies, honble fm (jaitley) averred that this is a sphere which is fraught with many pit-falls and we should tread with abundant caution in the matter, state the minutes of the meeting.
advertisinghonble eam (sushma swaraj) was of the view that we should not summarily dismiss the idea and there is a need to give a serious thought to it.
she further added that the honble pm is keen to examine this issue and that in an all party meeting held recently, political parties were favourably inclined to the idea, state the minutes.
the meeting, chaired by then home minister rajnath singh, concluded with the members agreeing that the com is not the forum to discuss the issue and an expert committee should be assigned to examine the entire gamut of the nuances involved in the issue.
the meeting was also attended by then law minister d v sadananda gowda, mos pmo jitendra singh, legislative department secretary g narayana raju, bhaskar khulbe, who was then additional secretary in the pmo, and deputy election commissioners umesh sinha and sudeep jain.
jaitleys remarks at an internal meeting assume significance since not many within the party appear to have questioned the proposal of simultaneous elections.
so far, only opposition parties like the congress, trinamool congress, cpi, aimim and ncp have expressed reservations and questioned the feasibility, given the existing constitutional provisions on the fixed tenure of state assemblies and parliament.
opinion | while one nation one poll is doable with difficulty, is it worth it?
however, speaking at a public event in march 2017, arunjaitley had echoed modis views on simultaneous polls.
it (simultaneous elections) will hugely reduce the quantum of expenditure, because if lok sabha and state assembly elections are held together, the campaigns will be common, and, in a common campaign, the money spent will be much less.
it wont be duplicated, pti quoted him as saying at a discussion on campaign finance reform in india in new delhi.
simultaneous elections is a bjp pet project which was flagged by its veteran leader l k advani in 2011.
the ec, as first reported by the indian express, expressed its support for simultaneous elections in 2016, provided the legal and financial challenges are overcome.
the first elections to the lok sabha and all state assemblies were held simultaneuosly in 1951-52.
this practice continued in the three subsequent general elections held in 1957, 1962 and 1967.
but, with the premature dissolution of some state assemblies in 1968 and 1969, this cycle was disrupted.
besides singh and jaitely, minister of state for agriculture s s ahluwalia, union home secretary rajiv mehrishi and senior officers of the ministries of home, finance,agriculture and niti aayog also attended the meeting.
besides singh and jaitely, minister of state for agriculture s s ahluwalia, union home secretary rajiv mehrishi and senior officers of the ministries of home, finance,agriculture and niti aayog also attended the meeting.
the centre on tuesday sanctioned rs 588 crore as relief to drought-affected rajasthan.
the decision has been taken at a meeting of a high level committee chaired by home minister rajnath singh and attended by finance minister arunjaitley besides others.
the committee approved the assistance from the national disaster relief fund in respect of rajasthan to the tune of rs 588.
34 crore in the wake of drought of 2016-17, an official statement said.
it took the decision after examining a proposal based on the report of the inter-ministerial central team which visited the drought-affected state.
besides singh and jaitely, minister of state for agriculture s s ahluwalia, union home secretary rajiv mehrishi and senior officers of the ministries of home, finance, agriculture and niti aayog also attended the meeting.
b'the scheme stipulates that an internet-based independent centralised communication centre (ccc) will be established in the income tax department.
(express photo by vasant prabhu) the scheme stipulates that an internet-based independent centralised communication centre (ccc) will be established in the income tax department.
(express photo by vasant prabhu)the central board of direct taxes (cbdt) has notified a new centralised communication scheme for serving e-notices to income tax-payers as part of the governments ambitious plan to usher in a countrywide paperless system of interface between the taxman and the assessee.
the scheme stipulates that an internet-based independent centralised communication centre (ccc) will be established in the income tax department that will issue notice to any person (under section 133c of the income tax act), who is required to furnish information or documents, for the purpose of verification, to the taxman.
the cbdt, the policy-making body of the tax department, said in the notification, which was issued on february 22, that the scheme would ensure that no person shall be required to appear personally or through authorised representative before the designated authority (of the i-t department) at the centralised communication centre in connection with any proceedings.
the notification, a copy of which is with pti, stipulates that such notices will be issued by the designated tax department officials, who would only use their digital signature and send them to the assessees through e-mail, followed by an intimation through a text message.
a machine-readable device kept at the ccc will receive the responses from the taxpayers.
the ccc has also been tasked with running a sustained campaign to ensure compliance (by the taxpayer) by sending emails, smses, reminders, letters and phone calls.
it will also host a call centre to answer the queries and grievances of the taxpayers.
the notification of the scheme is a step forward to roll out the e-assessment project pan-india.
few more orders to enable the new regime will be issued in the coming days, a senior official said.
cbdt chairman sushil chandra, in a post -budget interview to pti, had said the e-assessment of a taxpayer would henceforth be handled by two officers, instead of the current system involving a single assessing officer (ao).
he had also said the scheme would be launched in all the cities where the i-t department had an officer of the rank of principal commissioner.
the cbdt chief had said the pilot project conducted over the last few years had been successful and that 60,000 limited scrutiny cases and a few full scrutiny cases were conducted by the department till now.
the new regime of e-communication is expected to be voluntary and taxpayers can take a call on whether to conduct their dealings over the e-system or through the existing procedure of manual submission of documents by visiting the tax office.
once the taxpayers register themselves on the official i-t web portal, they will get a confirmation through a text message as well as e-mail.
the functionality to conduct the e-proceedings would be available for all types of notices, questionnaires and letters issued under various sections of the i-t act, the cbdt had earlier said.
kulbhushan jadhav.
express photo video grab.
kulbhushan jadhav.
express photo video grab.
the bjp on saturday said that the congress-led united progressive alliance (upa) government had in 2004 hired the pakistani-origin lawyer, who represented islamabad in the kulbhushan jadhav case at the international court of justice (icj), to argue an arbitration case.
bjp spokesman g v l narsimha rao asked the party to explain why its government hired khawar qureshi in the very sensitive enron case.
what was the compulsion that the upa government hired qureshi?
rao asked.
rao said that the upa government had changed the legal team representing india in the arbitration case against the us firm over the controversial dabhol power project.
he added that this was a question linked to patriotism.
rao pointed out that harish salve was indias lead counsel at the icj and added that it was surprising that the upa government could not find an indian lawyer to represent the country in such a sensitive case.
he accused congress leaders salman khurshid and mani shankar aiyar of speaking in pakistans support.
the congress, in turn, asked the bjp to stop peddling lies.
the government of india and the government of maharasthra had questioned the jurisdiction of the international court of arbitration and boycotted its proceedings after the icc court referred the jurisdictional issues to the arbitral tribunal, congress spokesman randeep surjewala said.
he said that indias counsel was then fox and mandal.
surjewala said fox and mandal had engaged khawar qureshi.
he added mandal is bjps national executive member.
and qureshi continues to be a consultant for fox and mandal.
so should we ask the same question to the bjp or mandal?
the congress claimed that the bjp government had engaged alain pellet, who was pakistans consultant in kishanganga at the international court of arbitration, in the italian marines case.
he claimed that finance minister arunjaitley had advised dow chemicals and union carbide.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
(express photo/praveen jain/file) finance minister arun jaitley.
(express photo/praveen jain/file)the union cabinet on thursday approved the fugitive economic offenders bill that seeks to confiscate and sell all assets of absconding economic offenders.
once it is voted into law, the proposed legislation will empower investigating agencies to confiscate, and vest with themselves, any property of the absconding offenders without encumbrances, and will apply to cases where proceeds of the crime are above rs 100 crore.
the government also decided to set up a national financial reporting authority (nfra) to frame rules governing the conduct of chartered accountants and auditors.
the nfra will have jurisdiction over listed companies and large unlisted companies, while the institute of chartered accountants of india will continue to oversee the remaining companies.
the government will frame the rules that will define the threshold for companies to be supervised by the nfra, which will have a chairman and a total of 15 members.
if any individual who has committed a scheduled offence and against whom an arrest warrant has been issued by a competent court leaves the country, refuses to return to face criminal prosecution, he will be termed as a fugitive economic offender.
the proposed bill, which will be tabled in the second leg of the budget session of parliament, empowers the government to confiscate all of a fugitive offenders assets in india, including benami assets.
such a person will also be barred from pursuing any civil claims in the country  officials said this move would discourage such persons from defrauding banks and leaving the country.
jaitley said the bill also has provision for confiscation of overseas assets, but this will require cooperation and appropriate arrangements with overseas nations.
this law will apply to all cases  old and new, he said.
the proposed law aims to bring to book offenders who have failed to pay back huge bank loans, and refused to return to the country to face legal action.
the countrys second-largest state-owned lender, punjab national bank, recently reported fraudulent transactions of about rs 11,400 crore at its mid corporate branch in mumbai, and said based on these transactions, other banks appear to have advanced money to these customers abroad.
the extent of these fraudulent transactions, allegedly done by nirav modi, mehul choksi and their companies, was revised upward to rs 12,636 crore following fresh information from the bank on tuesday.
modi and choksi left the country a few weeks before the fraud came to light.
industrialist vijay mallya, who has been recognised as a wilful defaulter with outstanding loans of rs 8,191 crore to public sector banks as on december 31, 2016, has also left the country.
the bill is expected to re-establish the rule of law with respect to the fugitive economic offenders as they would be forced to return to india to face trial for scheduled offences.
this would also help banks and other financial institutions to achieve higher recovery from financial defaults committed by such fugitive economic offenders, improving the financial health of such institutions, the government said in a statement.
if at any point of time in the course of the proceeding prior to the declaration, however, the alleged fugitive economic offender returns to india and submits to the appropriate jurisdictional court, proceedings under the proposed act would cease by law, the government said.
the cabinet also approved the proposal for establishment of the nfra and creation of one post of chairperson, three posts of full-time members and one post of secretary.
the authority, which can have a maximum of 15 members, will be an independent regulator for the auditing profession.
the jurisdiction of nfra for investigation of chartered accountants and their firms under section 132 of the act would extend to listed companies and large unlisted public companies, the thresholds for which shall be prescribed in the rules.
the central government can also refer such other entities for investigation where public interest would be involved, the government said in a separate statement.
bjp president amit shah (file photo) bjp president amit shah (file photo)hailing the decision to restrict cash donations to political parties from individuals to rs 2,000, bjp chief amit shah today said though his party would also be hit by the move, the step was necessary to free politics from black money and for bringing transparency in the elections.
during the union budget presented today, finance minister arunjaitley proposed to restrict cash donations to political parties from individuals to rs 2,000 and introduced an electoral bonds scheme.
the move aims to cleanse the political funding system and check black money.
modi, through the union budget, has made it clear that just like any common man does not have a right to evade tax or hold black money, even political parties will not be spared from paying the tax on any donation, which is more than rs 2,000, shah said.
watch: personal tax slabs after budget 2017: how will your tax come down?
we do agree that with this legislation, we (bjp) will also be affected, but we believe that it is our duty to free politics from black money.
elections in the country should be freed from the impact of black money.
we want to have transparent elections in the country, the bjp president said.
he was speaking at a public meeting in bicholim constituency, his last rally for the february 4 goa assembly elections.
in the year 2016, we had promised that we will finish the effect of black money from politics in india.
since the time of independence, no political party had dared to bring in the legislation governing funding to the political parties, he added.
shah said, modis name would be taken with respect when the history about elections and transparency in democracy will be written.
referring to other announcements in the budget, shah said it has given relief to the honest taxpayer of the country.
the special provision has also been made to provide loan to poor farmers through nabard.
the budget has also considered the unemployed youth, who can become an entrepreneur under pradhan mantri mudra yojana, he said.
b'tamil nadu cm edappadi palaniswami with the state farmers who are protesting for last 39 days over their plight, addresses the media at jantar mantar in new delhi.
(source: pti photo) tamil nadu cm edappadi palaniswami with the state farmers who are protesting for last 39 days over their plight, addresses the media at jantar mantar in new delhi.
(source: pti photo)debt-ridden farmers from tamil nadu, who have been protesting at jantar mantar for the past 40 days, have announced suspension of their protest till may 25.
the announcement on sunday came just ahead of an opposition-called bandh in tamil nadu, and after cm edappadi k palaniswami met them with an assurance that their demands will be met.
the cm met the farmers sunday morning and promised to take up the issue with the prime minister.
he also maintained that his government had discussed the issue with finance minister arunjaitley and home minister rajnath singh.
later in the day, palaniswami met pm narendra modi on the sidelines of the niti aayog governing council meeting.
by the end of the day, the farmers announced suspension of the agitation.
opposition parties in tamil nadu, led by the dmk, have called for a statewide shutdown on april 25 in solidarity with the farmers.
the farmers have been adopting novel ways of protest, from rolling on the floor to holding mock funerals.
on saturday, they were stopped by delhi police from drinking urine.
they have been demanding a rs 40,000-crore drought relief package, debt waiver and setting up of the cauvery management board by the centre.
the cm and the finance minister have the power to decide on our demands.
we have decided to call off the agitation for a month on the basis of the cms assurances, farmers leader ayyakkannu told reporters.
if the promises are not met, we would resume the protest in a bigger way on may 25, he added.
he said the farmers would leave delhi soon and take part in the bandh on april 25.
jalgaon district is all set to get a medical college.
the medical council of india (mci) has conducted its inspection and other formalities will be completed soon to set up the college at a cost of rs 400 crore.
while the aim is to improve the quality of medical education and healthcare, the move will also ensure there is one medical college for every three parliamentary constituencies.
while the state has 16 government-run medical colleges, a need has been felt to set up such colleges in the khandesh region (dhule, jalgaon, nandurbar and other districts in the northwest parts of the state) and in sindhudurg district.
when contacted, dr pravin shingare, director of medical education and research (dmer), maharashtra, told the indian express there were six government medical colleges in vidarbha region and four each in marathwada and western maharashtra regions.
pune division has four government medical colleges  one in pune city, the rest in solapur, sangli and kolhapur.
shingare admitted there was a need for a medical college in sindhudurg district.
but one of the mandatory requirements is that at least a 300-bed district hospital should be functioning for a minimum three years to set up a government medical college in the area.
kudal tehsil in the district doesnt have a 300-bed hospital, shingare said.
while efforts are under way to set up a hospital here, dmer authorities have decided to set up the medical college at jalgaon district.
there are 50 medical colleges in the state, of which 16 are government-run.
up to 7,000 students pass out of these colleges every year; 2,200 from the government medical colleges.
while the latest move is welcome considering the disparity in the number of students who aspire for admission in medical colleges and seats available, experts highlighted the need for ensuring adequate staff at the new colleges.
dr p m bulakh, former deputy dean, b j government medical college and sassoon general hospital, said it had been observed that students opt mainly for specialisation in clinical subjects like medicine and surgery and show less preference for pre-clinical subjects like anatomy, physiology, bio-chemistry and pathology.
some colleges are finding it difficult to get staff in these disciplines and one of the reasons perhaps is the postgraduate residency system introduced 20 years ago, dr bulakh said.
for instance, if a student has passed mbbs he/she can join the department as an assistant lecturer and, after three years of postgraduation, can be upgraded as lecturer, he explained.
dr vilas jahagirdar, former dean at miraj medical college and founder dean at akola medical college, said the government must take steps for faculty development right from the time the student completes internship to the time he/she is a postgraduate.
lucrative financial incentives should be made available so that the student can also opt for a teaching career, dr jahagirdar said.
b'new delhi: a view of parliament house during the ongoing winter session in new delhi.
(source: pti photo) new delhi: a view of parliament house during the ongoing winter session in new delhi.
(source: pti photo)a discussion on the jnu and hyderabad university issues may precede all else in rajya sabha on february 24, when actual proceedings in the budget session begin, sources indicated after a meeting of party leaders with parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu on monday.
while the opposition, particularly the left parties, are keen on this debate, the government has indicated it has no problem with that.
obviously, both sides view this as an opportunity to address their respective constituencies.
president pranab mukherjee will address a joint sitting of the two houses to mark the beginning of the years first session on tuesday.
while naidu was learnt to be expectedly conciliatory, seeking co-operation from the opposition to clear business, no opposition leader from ghulam nabi azad and mallikarjun kharge of the congress to cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury and ram gopal yadav of the samajwadi party, was ready to promise him peace.
home minister rajnath singh was not present at the meeting, and finance minister arunjaitley was around only for a short while.
azad, who is leader of opposition in rajya sabha, made it clear to naidu that the opposition would not allow the passage of any contentious bill in the first half of the session.
he said the opposition would let through only those bills over which there was consensus.
the two legislative measures on which there is a general agreeement are aimed at a replacement of an ordinance on the enemy property act, and a delimitation of constituencies in west bengal following the india-bangladesh border agreement.
the one legislation that the opposition wants out of the agenda for now is the gst bill.
yechury sought an early discussion on the jnu-related incidents, saying the situation in the country was similar to pre-nazi germany.
he said that just as there was manufactured evidence that led to the burning of the reichstag building, a row had been manufactured in jnu.
he accused the government of creating a situation in the country that is responsible for disruption.
the government, yechury said, should set aside time for discussing issues.
else, there will be disruptions.
while alleging a complete lack of governance, he said sarcastically that many leaders had come to the meeting without a bath because the jat agitation in haryana had ensured there was no water in their homes.
bjd leader bhartruhari mahtab said the first half of the session offered a total of three days for discussing all burning issues.
the two houses, in his view, should discuss the pathankot attack on a priority.
he flagged three aspects of the jnu row for a debate: holding of a pro-afzal guru function on campus, the role of delhi police, and the hooliganism of lawyers  not just at the patiala house courts, but also in courts in karnataka and tamil nadu.
jd(u) president sharad yadav distanced himself from both the congress and left positions, saying: the country is in a bad state it faces a serious challenge we should should find solutions the houses should run.
trinamool congress leader sudip bandyopadhyay felt the last two sessions had been washed out because of the absence of floor-management by the government.
it should rise to the occasion this time, he said.
naresh gujral of the akali dal suggested that the bjp and congress sort out their differences over the gst bill.
b'rajya sabha member and bjp leader subramanian swamy rajya sabha member and bjp leader subramanian swamya day after bjp leader subramanian swamy demanded sacking of reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan, the congress wednesday called it the worst form of fascism.
the party also asked whether the attack on rajan was a result of his opinion that names of all willful defaulters should be made public, and that public sector banks should declare the quantum and extent of their non-performing assets (npas).
congress spokesperson manish tewari wondered whether the real target of swamys attack on the rbi governor was finance minister arun jaitley.
the attack on the rbi governor is not an attack on the individual.
it is an attack on the institution, tewari said.
the message is that if you do not play ball with us, if you do not play in tandem with us, then we will haunt you, we will come after you.
and the intention is very simple: that if you are a self-respecting man, you will possibly put in your papers and go, and then we will be saved of the embarrassment of having to not renew your job this is the worst form of fascism, and the oldest trick in the fascist book, he said.
tewari said the real question is the motive behind swamys decision to censure rajan.
does this attack on the rbi governor have something to do with the change in rbis position that names of all willful defaulters should be made public?
does the attack on the rbi have something to do with the drive to get public sector banks to declare the quantum and extent of their npas?
to get all their npas on their balance sheet so that the extent of the rot can be exposed?
the congress leader also asked, is it worrying some very, very important crony capitalists in the country, and their benefactors in the government, that an institutional decision has been taken to haunt the rbi governor?
why is the prime minister silent?
calling it perhaps the most vicious assault on institutional mechanism of the country, tewari said, no country can function without its institutions.
asked how he is linking the government with swamys remarks, tewari said, well, the silence of the government is deafening.
there is obvious complexity in that silence.
or there could be another angle to it.
and the angle is that while somebody is taking aim at the governor of rbi, the real target could be the finance minister.
the nda government has exhibited its willingness to demolish institutions, tewari said, claiming that it had demolished the planning commission, central board of film certification, ftii and jawaharlal nehru university.
b'senior ministers were deputed to brief the media and put the kashmir story in the correct perspective which was meant to be strictly off the record, which backfired when the broadcast minister ironically tweeted about the event.
(representative image) senior ministers were deputed to brief the media and put the kashmir story in the correct perspective which was meant to be strictly off the record, which backfired when the broadcast minister ironically tweeted about the event.
(representative image)prime minister narendra modi was annoyed by the negative media coverage on kashmir and felt that his ministers were not doing a good job of explaining the true facts to journalists.
four senior ministers, rajnath singh, arunjaitley , sushma swaraj and venkaiah naidu, were deputed to brief the media and put the kashmir story in the correct perspective.
the meeting was meant to be strictly off the record, meaning that there could be no attribution of the sources.
the media the next day carried reports on the kashmir confrontation weaving in the data they had been provided, and attributed the background information to unnamed sources.
ironically, it was information and broadcasting minister venkaiah naidu who broke the cover by happily tweeting about the names of the ministers who had interacted with the media.
he even tweeted that he had met the pm to brief him on the interaction.
pre-poll movesthe bjp has decided not to reveal its hand about the presidential and vice-presidential elections due next year, until the up assembly polls.
while the nda is comfortably placed in the electoral college for vice-president, the election for president is still open.
the electoral college for president is much larger since mlas are also voters.
already some backchannel proposals are being floated.
the congress and cpi(m) might want to nominate vice-president hamid ansari.
since the aiadmk has some 50 mps, and around 124 mlas in the tamil nadu assembly, jayalalithaa would like to bargain with the nda.
she would give her support for the nda presidential nominee provided she gets a tamilian as vice-president.
the name making the rounds is that of m thambidurai, the present deputy speaker of the lok sabha, who is in his fifth term as mp.
out in the coldthat former chief minister anandiben patel is out of favour with the powers that be in delhi is clear from the fact that she has not been made a state governor and continues as an ordinary mla.
with the backing of bjp president amit shah, the new chief minister, vijay rupani, is in the process of undoing several appointments made by his predecessor.
three promotee ias officers in key positions in surat, gandhinagar and morvi, all patels, are reportedly the first slated to be transferred.
all were close to anandibens daughter anar.
bonanza for bookin 2012, jayesh shah, a resident of ahmedabad, wrote a book in gujarati claiming that narendra modi had made many tall claims and he wanted to expose them.
the book, titled feku, did not create much of a ripple.
but two years later, when modi became prime minister, the author changed the title and got it translated into english.
the english title of the book was bluff-master now in delhi.
with the uttar pradesh assembly elections round the corner, the book may get a new lease of life.
it is being translated into hindi, and uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav wants to place an order for a huge consignment to be distributed in up villages.
a bjp worker in gujarat approached the gujarat high court for a ban on the book, but his plea was dismissed.
summarily ejectedthe media wing of the rajya sabha, which handles accreditations and passes to journalists covering the upper house, has been treated in a cavalier manner.
its spacious office on the ground floor of parliament, next to the staircase, was a permanent fixture for many decades.
some time ago, the office was shifted to a small poky room to the rear, next to the post-office, which appeared to be a cordoned-off passageway.
there was not enough place for journalists to stand, let alone sit.
now even this tiny room has been snatched away to make space for the personal staff of a senior official.
those summarily ejected from the room have been left to fend for themselves.
even furniture, including cupboards with important files, are lying out in the open.
indian fareat the g20 meet in hangzhou, china, the host government made arrangements so that prime minister narendra modi could eat indian food, which he is accustomed to, rather than chinese meals where vegetarian fare is sometimes suspect.
sudhir mittoo, the manager of tandoor, an indian restaurant in shanghai, was flown in to ensure that modi got indian meals of his taste, including kadi and pakoras.
the only chinese preparation on the menu was stir-fried vegetables.
incidentally, mittoo was a male model and actor in india in the 1980s.
parliament budget session 2017 to commence today with an opening address from president pranab mukherjee.
parliament budget session 2017 to commence today with an opening address from president pranab mukherjee.
parliament budget session 2017 begins todaythe government will table the economic survey 2017 today before the parliament, a day before finance minister arunjaitley presents the union budget.
the budget session will begin today with president pranab mukherjee addressing both houses of the parliament.
on monday, at an all-party meeting convened by the ruling-nda, prime minister narendra modi reached out to the opposition parties in an effort to prevent another washout of the house proceeding.
he was quoted by the parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar as saying that the parliament is a mahapanchayat and it should function.
trinamool congress, however, decided to skip the first two days of the session in protest against pm modis demonetisation drive.
watch what else is making newshafiz saeed under house arrestmumbai 26/11 attacks mastermind and jud founder, hafiz saeed was placed under house arrest on monday night by pakistans punjab police.
saeed blamed the growing bonhomie between us president donald trump and prime minister narendra modi for his house arrest.
in a recorded video message right before his arrest, saeed claimed that pakistan was put under pressure to target him.
saeed cited his advocacy of the kashmir issue and balochistan as reasons for his arrest.
donald trump fires acting us attorney generalus president donald trump tuesday fired acting attorney general sally yates for ordering the us justice department to stop defending his executive order, which temporarily suspends the countrys immigration program and bars entry to citizens of seven majority-muslim countries for 90 days.
the acting attorney general, sally yates, has betrayed the department of justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the united states, the white house press secretarys office said in a statement.
she was replaced by dana boente, us attorney for the eastern district of virginia, until trumps permanent pick jeff sessions appointment is ratified by the senate.
giriraj singh says padmavati shown in bad light as she was a hinduwading into the controversy over the yet to be released sanjay leela bhansalis padmavati, union minister of state and bjp mp from nawada, giriraj singh on monday claimed that rani padmini was being shown in poor light because she was a hindu.
he said that people who play with indias history should be punished by the public.
(it is the countrys misfortune that those who consider aurangzeb and tipu sultan as their icons play with the countrys history the way they have portrayed padmini had she not been a hindu, perhaps they would not have dared to do so), said singh, who is the bjp mp from nawada.
sc appoints new bcci administratorsin less than a month after it removed bcci president anurag thakur and secretary ajay shirke from their posts, the supreme court monday appointed a four member-panel of administrators to manage the affairs of the cricket board and report on whether it has complied with the lodha committees recommendations.
b'noting that such a visa fee is impacting only indian companies, arunjaitley had described it as a discriminatory practice.
noting that such a visa fee is impacting only indian companies, arunjaitley had described it as a discriminatory practice.
the us has told india it is bound by legislation on the recent visa fee hike  which has badly hit indian it companies, an issue that was strongly raised by finance minister arunjaitley in his bilateral meeting.
there are always two issues, one of course is the recent one, visa fee hike and the other is the old issue of totalisation charges for the it professionals.
so unless that legislation is changed (it is likely to remain), he said.
jaitley was responding to a question on the kind of response he received from the us trade representative, mike froman, when he strongly raised the issue during a meeting early this week.
noting that such a visa fee is impacting only indian companies, arunjaitley had described it as a discriminatory practice.
last year, the us congress imposed a special fee of up to $4,500 on h-1b and l-1 visas  popular among indian it companies  to fund a 9/11 healthcare act and biometric tracking system.
while agreeing on the $1.
1 trillion spending bill, congressional leaders decided to impose a special fee of $4,000 on certain categories of h-1b visas and $4,500 on l-1 visas.
b'congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi congress spokesperson abhishek singhvicongress today termed as murder of democracy and unconstitutional the decision of the central government to impose presidents rule in uttarkhand and said the narendra modi dispensation was out to bring down duly-elected governments.
it is murder of democracy, congress spokesman abhishek manu singhvi said while commenting on dismissal of the partys government in uttarakhand.
he said it demonstrates that bjp does not believe in democracy.
it is not surprisingthe real desire of the government of india is to bring down duly-elected governments of small states in an undemocratic and unconstitutional manner, congress general secretary ambika soni said.
at every step, constitutional rules have been broken the governor did not send the kind of report (rebel congress leader vijay) bahuguna and bjp wantedit is so glaring for everyone to see, she said.
she said chief minister harish rawat would have proved his majority on the floor of assembly tomorrow.
on options available with the congress, soni said cm harish rawat is in process of discussing with his cabinet colleagues what is the best possible way forward.
uttarakhand was brought under presidents rule by the centre on grounds of breakdown of governance in a controversial decision which comes in the wake of a political crisis triggered by a rebellion in the ruling congress.
president pranab mukherjee signed the proclamation under art 356 of the constitution dismissing the congress government headed by rawat and placing the assembly under suspended animation this morning on the recommendation of the union cabinet.
the cabinet had held an emergency meeting here last night presided over by prime minister narendra modi, who had cut short a visit to assam to return to the capital for the purpose.
the cabinet considered several reports received from governor k k paul, who had described the political situation as volatile and expressed apprehensions over possible pandemonium during the scheduled trial of strength in the state assembly tomorrow.
finance minister arunjaitley is believed to have briefed the president late last night explaining the rationale for the cabinets recommendation.
the dismissal of the rawat government now renders tomorrows confidence vote infructuous.
it also came amidst reports that speaker govind singh kunjwal had disqualified 9 rebel congress mlas that would have enabled rawat to sail through in the trust vote.
women and child development minister maneka gandhis office has received a unique request for help.
the letter states that the person considers himself to be a woman trapped in a mans body and has requested the ministers help in getting his gender changed in all official records  passport and aadhaar, among others.
the minister is learnt to have referred the case to her grievance redressal officer, who is in a fix on how to resolve the case since the person in question is considering sex reassignment surgery.
why, your honourit was deja vu of sorts for the supreme court bench of justices adarsh k goel and uday u lalit on monday.
last thursday, the lawyer representing the wife of former arunachal pradesh chief minister kalikho pul had questioned why her matter had jumped at least 10 other courts and listed before this bench, sitting in court no.
13.
on monday, the counsel for founder-owner of kingfisher airlines vijay mallya also raised the same question, pointing out this case was being heard by a different combination of judges.
to this, the bench said that it would have to verify from the court registry about the listing.
wipe that taxcongress mp sushmita dev has written to finance minister arunjaitley and sought a reduction in taxes on sanitary napkins - at par with condoms and contraceptives, which are tax-free as they are recognised as a necessity.
sanitary napkins are taxed up to 14.
5 per cent  the tax varies from state to state  and are proposed to be taxed at 12 per cent under gst, which is akin to treating an essential hygiene product as a luxury item, dev pointed out.
bwhile sufficient exemptions have been given to the education sector, only few have been provided on procurements by educational institutions.
this leads to build-up of input side taxes, eventually leading to an increase in the cost of delivering education.
while sufficient exemptions have been given to the education sector, only few have been provided on procurements by educational institutions.
this leads to build-up of input side taxes, eventually leading to an increase in the cost of delivering education.
written: rajeev dimrithe last budget speech delivered by finance minister arunjaitley was based on the agenda of transforming india with the help of nine distinct pillars.
education and healthcare are two of these nine pillars, which affirms the governments understanding of the importance of these sectors in stimulating the progress of india.
this begs the question as to whether these sectors are being given enough impetus from a tax standpoint.
also, it becomes imperative to ask as to whether sufficient deliberation is going on with the government to ensure that these sectors receive their desired status in the impending goods and services tax (gst) regime.
speaking of the education , from indirect tax standpoint, both the central and state governments have tried to provide incentives to boost this sector and lessen the burden of taxes.
to elaborate, under the central laws, services provided by schools, recognised educational institutions and vocational institutes are exempt from service tax.
further, no excise duty is levied on printing of educational books and full exemption is provided from customs duty on import of books.
under the state value added tax (vat) laws, sale of educational books and materials is exempt from levy of vat.
while sufficient exemptions have been given to the education sector, only few have been provided on procurements by educational institutions.
this leads to build-up of input side taxes, eventually leading to an increase in the cost of delivering education.
this in some sense, stands in the way of larger government objective of making education accessible for all.
share this article related article gst council unveils 4-slab rates for services: here's how industry reactedgst council unveils 4-slab rates for services: here's how industry reacted budget 2016: everything you need to knowbudget 2016: everything you need to know budget 2016: tech industry gives a thumbs-up to arun jaitely's proposalsbudget 2016: tech industry gives a thumbs-up to arun jaitely's proposals budget 2016: arun jaitley's biggest announcements from farm sector to taxesbudget 2016: arun jaitley's biggest announcements from farm sector to taxes budget 2016: arunjaitley announces 9 pillars for transforming indiabudget 2016: arunjaitley announces 9 pillars for transforming india budget 2016: arunjaitley tables pro-rural budget, tax sops for small income indianssimilar challenges are being faced by the health sector which also enjoys exemptions / concessions on its output supplies, however, is not eased off with the input side tax costs.
presently, healthcare services provided by all types of clinical establishments are exempt from levy of service tax.
however, healthcare services are defined in a restrictive manner to cover services by way of diagnosis, treatment and care for illness, injury or deformity etc.
no exemption is presently available for services offered for aesthetic / beauty enhancement purposes.
this leads to disputes as to when can a treatment be called for curing illness or beauty enhancement, especially in areas such as cosmetology, dermatology, dentistry etc.
apart from the above major roadblocks in their growth, both the sectors also continue to face some issues with respect to classification, taxability, valuation, etc.
for instance, classification of e-books as goods or services has become a major bone of contention between the taxpayers and revenue authorities.
while the service tax authorities try to categorise downloading e-books as taxable services, vat authorities demand vat on such e-books distinguishing them from printed books (which are exempt).
further, which courses and institutes are eligible for exemption has long been a matter of debate.
for instance, there was a confusion as to whether present exemption available to institutes offering qualification recognised by any law would also be available to fellowship programmes offered by iims. to resolve this confusion, in this union budget 2016, it was clarified that such programmes are to be treated akin to mba degrees offered by iims and hence, the present exemption would be available for such programmes also.
however, similar classification issues continue to arise in respect of other courses offered by other institutions in this sector.
likewise, in healthcare sector, disputes arise with respect to levy of vat on medical supplies by hospitals during treatment of indoor patients, levy of luxury tax on various facilities provided by hospitals, to name a few.
given the above challenges, the need of the hour is to instill a genuine spirit of providing impetus to these sectors with the relevant tax authorities, rather than getting entangled in minor technical issues leading to unending tax controversies.
gst can offer the best platform to achieve this utopian situation.
presently, at various forums, the finance ministry has stated that exemptions would be minimal under gst.
therefore, continuity of present exemptions provided to education and health sector remains doubtful under the gst regime.
in parallel, efforts must be made to unburden these sectors from frivolous tax issues with respect to classification, valuation etc.
for this purpose, uniform classification norms and tax rates must be provided for output supplies of these sectors (such as, books, e-books, medical devices, their parts and accessories, drugs and medicines, etc) across all state gst laws.
in recent times, the government has taken several initiatives in the education and healthcare sector.
this includes enacting right to free compulsory education act in 2010, recent announcement of new health protection scheme in union budget 2016 which aims to provide health cover up to rupees one lakh per family, announcement of national dialysis services programme, etc, to name a few.
however, there is still lot of work remaining to be done in these sectors.
given the important role education and healthcare sector play in developing india and the rate at which these sectors are evolving and coming up with new business models (such as providing medical advice online, online coaching), it becomes imperative for the government to provide adequate tax incentives and clarifications presently as well as under gst regime to reduce ambiguity and unnecessary litigation in these sectors.
the tax incentives coupled with adequate infrastructure and congenial policies can ensure these two sectors prove to be a strong limb to support transformed india.
b'pm narendra modi with cabinet ministers after the reshuffle.
(source: twitter/@narendramodi) pm narendra modi with cabinet ministers after the reshuffle.
(source: twitter/@narendramodi)prime minister narendra modi inducted new ministers into his council of ministers in the first week of july.
this was followed by a reshuffle of the ministers handling some key portfolios in the union ministry.
among the significant names moved around where smriti irani from hrd to textiles and sadanand gowda from law to statistics.
prakash javadekar gets the human resource development ministry.
finance minister arunjaitley was relieved of the information and broadcasting ministry.
former journalist mj akbar was inducted into the council of ministers and he got the status of minister of state in the foreign ministry.
five ministers tendered their resignations to prime minister narendra modi.
they are nihalchand, ram shankar katheria, sanwar lal jat, manuskhbhai d vasva and m k kundariya.
the reshuffle was undertaken keeping in mind the uttar pradesh assembly elections.
three new faces were inducted in the council of ministers from the state.
the ceremony took place at the darbar hall of the rashtrapati bhavan, where senior leaders of the bjp were present.
external affairs minister sushma swarajhad earlier tweeted that she would not be able to make it due to an engagement with the foreign minister of hungary.
here is the portfolio of the union council of ministersprime minister narendra modi: personnel, public grievances & pensions department of atomic energy department of spacewatch video: keystrokes  smriti irani gets textilescabinet ministers rajnath singh: home affairs sushma swaraj: external affairs arun jaitley: finance corporate affairs m venkaiah naidu: urban development housing & urban poverty alleviation |information & broadcasting nitin jairam gadkari: road transport and highways shipping manohar parrikar: defence suresh prabhu: railways d. v. sadananda gowda: statistics & programme implementation uma bharati: water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation najma a. heptulla: minority affairs shri ramvilas paswan: consumer affairs, food & public distribution kalraj mishra: micro, small & medium enterprises maneka sanjay gandhi: women & child development ananth kumar: chemicals & fertilizers | parliamentary affairs ravi shankar prasad: law & justice | electronics & information technology jagat prakash nadda: health & family welfare ashok gajapathi raju pusapati: civil aviationanant geete: heavy industries & public enterprises harsimrat kaur badal: food processing industries narendra singh tomar: rural development | panchayati raj | drinking water & sanitation chaudhary birender singh: steel jual oram: tribal affairs radha mohan singh: agriculture & farmers welfare thaawar chand gehlot: social justice and empowerment smriti zubin irani: textiles dr. harsh vardhan: science & technology | earth sciences prakash javadekar: human resource developmentministers of state rao inderjit singh: planning (independent charge) | urban development housing & urban poverty alleviation bandaru dattatreya: labour & employment (independent charge) rajiv pratap rudy: skill development & entrepreneurship (independent charge) vijay goel: youth affairs and sports (independent charge) | water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation shripad yesso naik: aayush (independent charge) dharmendra pradhan: petroleum and natural gas (independent charge) piyush goyal: power (independent charge) coal (independent charge) new and renewable energy (independent charge) mines (independent charge) jitendra singh: development of north eastern region (independent charge) prime ministers office personnel, public grievances & pensions department of atomic energy department of space nirmala sitharaman: commerce and industry (independent charge) mahesh sharma: culture (independent charge) tourism (independent charge) manoj sinha: communications (independent charge) railways anil madhav dave: environment, forest and climate change (independent charge) general v. k. singh: external affairs santosh kumar gangwar: finance faggan singh kulaste: health & family welfare mukhtar abbas naqvi: minority affairs | parliamentary affairs ss ahluwalia: agriculture & farmers welfare | parliamentary affairs ramdas athawale: social justice & empowerment ram kripal yadav: rural development haribhai parthibhai chaudhary: micro, small & medium enterprises giriraj singh: micro, small & medium enterprises hansraj gangaram ahir: home affairs g m siddeshwara: heavy industries & public enterprises ramesh chandappa jigajinagi: drinking water & sanitation rajen gohain: railways parshottam rupala: agriculture & farmers welfare | panchayati raj mj akbar: external affairs upendra kushwaha: human resources development radhakrishnan p: road transport & highways | shipping kiren rijiju: home affairs krishan pal: social justice & empowerment jasvantsinh sumanbhai bhabhor: tribal affairs sanjeev kumar balyan: water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation vishnu deo sai: steel sudarshan bhagat: agriculture and farmers welfare y s chowdary: science & technology | earth science jayant sinha: civil aviation col.
b'kant, who had made the presentation on this road map before the pmo, has been now asked to identify one sick psu that can be sold off or liquidated in the event of the sell-off exercise not fructifying.
(source: file) kant, who had made the presentation on this road map before the pmo, has been now asked to identify one sick psu that can be sold off or liquidated in the event of the sell-off exercise not fructifying.
(source: file)niti aayog ceo amitabh kant has been asked by the prime ministers office (pmo) to identify one sick psu, along with a detailed plan for its sell-off or eventual liquidation, before moving on to other such cases.
this follows a road map prepared by niti aayog and submitted to the pmo last month on strategic sale or closure of some sick public sector units.
niti aayog, which functions as a think-tank for the government and provides policy-related inputs, had submitted two separate lists of sick and loss-making psus  one comprising those that can be closed down and the other of those that should be privatised.
watch video: whats making newskant, who had made the presentation on this road map before the pmo, has been now asked to identify one sick psu that can be sold off or liquidated in the event of the sell-off exercise not fructifying, before moving on to other such cases, a senior government official said.
kant, who earlier headed the department of industrial policy and promotion (dipp), has also been asked to chalk out a detailed plan for the sale or the eventual liquidation, which can be then taken to the cabinet, the official added.
the exercise will also help the government in preparing a comprehensive blueprint to sell loss-making psus or close down the entities that cannot be revived, he said, while adding that previous such attempts have not been very successful.
finance minister arunjaitley had in his budget 2016-17 speech said the aayog will identify psus for strategic sale and disinvestment.
a new policy for management of government investment in public sector enterprises, including disinvestment and strategic sale, has been approved.
we will encourage cpses to divest individual assets like land, manufacturing units etc to release their asset value for making investment in new projects.
the niti aayog will identify the cpses for strategic sale.
the government aims to collect rs 56,500 crore through disinvestment in psus this fiscal, as per the union budget for 2016-17.
of the total budgeted proceeds, rs 36,000 crore is estimated to come from minority stake sale in psus and the remaining rs 20,500 crore from strategic sale in both profit and loss-making companies.
in 2015-16, the government was able to meet less than half of the disinvestment estimates at rs 25,312 crore against the target of rs 69,500 crore.
it had raised around rs 24,500 crore in 2014-15 by selling stake in public companies, about rs 16,000 crore in 2013-14 and rs 23,960 crore in 2012-13.
it had raised around rs 14,000 crore in 2011-12 and over rs 22,100 crore in 2010-11.
prime minister narendra modi (file photo) prime minister narendra modi (file photo)agitated over pm narendra modis raincoat jibe at predecessor manmohan singh, congress thursday announced it will boycott the pm in parliament for the rest of the budget session.
sources in congress said the left parties, jd(u), trinamool congress and the dmk are with it on the boycott plan.
congresss deputy leader in rajya sabha anand sharma said the party is also exploring the possibility of giving a notice for a privilege motion against the pm for misinforming the house on certain aspects of demonetisation.
there are many contradictions.
he has misinformed and made wrong statements in parliament.
once we confirm everything, we will move, sharma told the indian express.
watch video | congress demands apology from pm modi over his remarks against dr manmohan singhsources in cpm said the party is exploring the possibility of giving a notice for a privilege motion for denying party general secretary sitaram yechury the right to reply after the pm took the names of cpm leaders, late harkishan singh surjeet and jyotirmoy basu.
at the aicc briefing, sharma announced the decision to boycott the pm.
lashing out at modi, he alleged that the pm is intolerant to criticism.
he has lowered the dignity of his office repeatedly.
he has used language which is unacceptable in political debates.
he has also dragged political debate to unacceptable low depths.
we have been repeatedly urging the pm to desist from doing this but it is very clear that he actually relishes using foul language, insulting and berating the political opposition.
sharma said the prime minister violated the rules of business, ethics of the house and privileges of the members as he could not have said anything without giving a notice for and bringing a substantive motion.
he claimed the government had on tuesday made it known to the opposition that it should say whatever it had to in the absence of the prime minister by tuesday evening.
a diktat from the pm had been conveyed to the business advisory committee (on tuesday) that he will reply on wednesday 11 amthat time is reserved for membershe is dictating the house, dictating the chairmanwhat to say and when to finish, he said.
we will boycott the pm, we will not listen to him but we will not assault the dignity of the office of the pm.
we know that he is an obdurate person.
it is sad that we have an arrogant person who occupies the chair of the prime minister, he said.
sources said the congress is also exploring the possibility of giving a privilege notice against finance minister arunjaitley for his statement in rajya sabha that there was no currency inadequacy even for a day.
earlier, speaking in rajya sabha, former finance minister p chidambaram reminded modi that every prime minister would, one day, become an ex-prime minister as it is the law of nature.
the pm owes it to this house to say.
that he did not mean any disrespect to manmohan singh, and that if it is construed as derogatory language, he unhesitatingly withdraws those words that he has said, he said.
he said us president donald trump, who said the most outrageous things during his campaign, began his speech after he was sworn in by referring to former presidents present there.
that is the respect you have to show, he said.
a belligerent congress repeatedly sought to raise the issue, including during question hour, but speaker sumitra mahajan did not give them permission.
a belligerent congress repeatedly sought to raise the issue, including during question hour, but speaker sumitra mahajan did not give them permission.
congress and its upa allies in the lok sabha on tuesday strongly protested the alleged efforts to install bjp government in goa and manipur, with the main opposition party walking out of the house twice.
a belligerent congress repeatedly sought to raise the issue, including during question hour, but speaker sumitra mahajan did not give them permission.
bjps efforts to form governments in goa and manipur despite not being the single largest party in the latest assembly polls in both states is being opposed by the congress.
members of congress, ncp and rjd raised the issue during question hour.
congress leader in the house mallikarjun kharge claimed that democracy was being murdered.
when the speaker said she would not allow the question hour to be disrupted and members should raise such matters in the zero hour, kharge said if they are not allowed to raise the issue in the house, where else would they go.
the speaker said nothing beyond the questions and answers will be allowed to go on record.
the congress, ncp and rjd members then staged a walkout.
after coming back to the house, the congress members again sought to raise the issue when zero hour was not taken up and legislative business started.
when kharge sought to raise the issue of the goa governor inviting the bjp for government formation, mahajan said you cannot discuss about the governor it is a constitutional authority.
congress members then staged their second walk out of the day at around 1240 hours.
the congress, which is the single largest party in both the states, has alleged that the bjp is moving against the law and precedent in forming their governments in goa and manipur.
b'bharat mata ki jai has been dominating news headlines for weeks now with rss chief mohan bhagwat refusing to let it die down.
on the day jawaharlal nehru university student union president kanhaiya kumar was released on bail, rss chief mohan bhagwat said that the new generation needs to be taught to chant slogans hailing mother india.
now the time has come when we have to tell the new generation to chant bharat mata ki jai (hail mother india).
it should be real, spontaneous and part of all-round development of the youth, the rss chief had said.
his comments drew a spate of reactions from across party lines, with the most controversial among those coming from aimim chief asaduddin owaisi who said that he will not chant bharat mata ki jai even if a knife was put to his throat.
among owaisis most vocal critics were the shiv sena, who told him that he should go to pakistan if he does not chant slogans hailing mother india.
the controversy refused to die after aimim mla waris pathans suspension from the maharashtra assembly for refusing to chant bharat mata ki jai.
march 3  youth must be told to say bharat mata ki jai: rss chiefrss chief mohan bhagwat said the new generation needs to be taught to chant slogans hailing mother india, comments that come against the backdrop of a raging row over alleged anti-india sloganeering on the jnu campus.
now the time has come when we have to tell the new generation to chant bharat mata ki jai (hail mother india).
it should be real, spontaneous and part of all-round development of the youth, he said.
bhagwat, without making any direct reference to the jnu controversy, said this is necessary as some forces are telling the youth not to say bharat mata ki jai.
read moremarch 14  wont chant bharat mata ki jai, owaisi tells bhagwati wont utter that (slogan) even if you put a knife to my throat, owaisi said.
(express photo by prashant ravi) i wont utter that (slogan) even if you put a knife to my throat, owaisi said.
(express photo by prashant ravi)rejecting rss chief mohan bhagwats suggestion for infusing patriotism, aimim leader asaduddin owaisi has said he will not chant bharat mata ki jai even if a knife is put to his throat, prompting shiv sena to tell him today he should go to pakistan.
owaisis assertion days after bhagwat said the new generation needs to be taught to chant slogans hailing mother india drew sharp condemnation from rss, bjp and shiv sena while he stood by his statement made at a public rally.
i dont chant that slogan.
what are you going to do, bhagwat sahab, the lok sabha mp from hyderabad said at the rally in udgir tehsil of latur district in maharashtra on sunday.
i wont utter that (slogan) even if you put a knife to my throat, owaisi said, amid loud applause from the crowd.
read moremarch 16  now its congress: bharat mata ki jai or elsea fortnight after congress vice-president rahul gandhi talked about destroying relationships in the name of the flag, his party hounded out an mla for not saying bharat mata ki jai.
the congress joined the bjp, ncp and shiv sena in the maharashtra assembly to get aimim mla waris pathan suspended.
they backed a resolution moved by minister of state for home ranjit patil, disapproving of pathans behaviour and suspending him for the remainder of the budget session.
read moremarch 17  whats wrong in saying bharat mata ki jai: congresswhy should anyone have problem in saying it, said senior congress leader digvijaya singh.
(source: express file photo by tashi tobgyal) why should anyone have problem in saying it, said senior congress leader digvijaya singh.
(source: express file photo by tashi tobgyal)a day after his party joined the bjp, shiv sena and ncp in maharashtra assembly to suspend aimim mla waris pathan for refusing to say bharat mata ki jai, senior congress leader digvijaya singh supported the house action and said why should anyone have problem in saying it (bharat mata ki jai).
singh, an aicc general secretary, told the indian express there was nothing wrong in the action of the assembly.
bjp-rss and aimim are in this together.
they are raising issues which are irrelevant to the country.
first, (rss chief) mohan bhagwatji makes a statement that everyone living in india should say bharat mata ki jai.
read moremarch 17  anyone who doesnt say bharat mata ki jai is anti-national: rssthe rss said aimim leader asaduddin owaisi was an anti-national, and anybody who refused to say bharat mata ki jai was also an anti-national.
speaking at the india today conclave, rss joint general secretary dattatreya hosabale also said the sangh has no objection to homosexuality.
asked if one could be called a traitor for not chanting bharat mata ki jai, hosabale said, of course, he is an anti-national all the political leaders except owaisis party opposed what he said.
if someone says he/ she does not want to chant bharat mata ki jai at all, you are not allowing others also to chant the slogan if anybody says so, he is anti-national, said hosabale.
he said vande mataram and bharat mata ki jai are not rss slogans, but were coined during the freedom struggle.
while it is not required to chant these slogals all the time, there is nothing wrong in saying it, he said.
read moremarch 21  refusing to chant bharat mata ki jai is disrespect to constitution: bjpthe political resolution adopted at the bjp national executive kept the focus on nationalism, and emphasised that freedom of expression did not mean a right to seek the countrys destruction.
the jnu row and the developments that followed occupied centrestage at the two-day deliberations.
freedom of expression and nationalism do necessarily co-exist.
constitution gives right on expressing dissent and disagreement, but not the countrys destruction the ideology of nationalism guides our beliefs and philosophy, finance minister arunjaitley , who briefed reporters, said.
read moremarch 23  controversy over bharat mata ki jai meaningless: l k advanithis is a meaningless controversy, said bjp veteran l k advani.
(file photo) this is a meaningless controversy, said bjp veteran l k advani.
(file photo)amid a charged debate over patriotism and chanting of bharat mata ki jai, bjp patriarch l k advani wednesday said the controversy over the slogan is meaningless.
i dont want to comment on it.
this is a meaningless controversy (yeh ek vyarth vivad hai) advani told reporters in gandhinagar on sidelines of an event when asked for his comment on the issue.
advanis statement comes against the backdrop of aimim leader asaduddin owaisis refusal to chant bharat mata ki jai saying he is not obliged to do so by constitution.
prior to owaisis statement that stoked a debate, rss chief mohan bhagwat had said the youth should be taught patriotic slogans read moremarch 24  everyone must chant bharat mata ki jai, amend law: baba ramdeva country-wide ban on cow slaughter is necessary to prevent sectarian clashes and foster communal harmony, yoga guru ramdev said today while also suggesting that the law should be amended to make everyone chant bharat mata ki jai.
in the wake of the row kicked up by aimim leader asaduddin owaisi with the remark that he would not say bharat mata ki jai, ramdev said the centre should bring an amendment to promote the chanting of the slogan.
even though it is not written in the constitution that one should say bharat mata ki jai, there should be no problem in chanting it therefore, an amendment should be made in the law so that everyone says it, he said.
read moremarch 25  aap minister to bjp president: will mehbooba mufti say bharat mata ki jai?
will pdp chief mehbooba mufti say bharat mata ki jai?
asks aap minister.
will pdp chief mehbooba mufti say bharat mata ki jai?
asks aap minister.
with the bjp and pdp close to reviving their coalition government in j&k, delhi aap minister kapil mishra has written to bjp president amit shah asking whether he would continue with the alliance if pdp chief mehbooba mufti, who is set to be the new chief minister, refused to say bharat mata ki jai.
it was one of the four questions raised by delhis water, culture and tourism minister mishra in his letter to shah.
he was referring to the recent controversy in the maharashtra assembly where an aimim mla was suspended after he refused to chant the slogan.
read moremarch 27  world must say bharat mata ki jai, says mohan bhagwatrashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bhagwat on sunday said to instill the feeling of patriotism, everyone should chant bharat mata ki jai.
we want the whole world to chant bharat mata ki jai.
we want to make bharat rich, free from exploitation and full of self-respect.
for that we will have to live that bharat in our lives, bhagwat said at the launch of a book on the life of late madan lal agarwal, co-founder of friends of tribals society.
read moremarch 28  dont force anyone to say bharat mata ki jai: mohan bhagwata day after he said that we want the whole world to chant bharat mata ki jai, rss chief mohan bhagwat monday said that nobody should be forced to say the slogan.
we have to create so great an india that people will themselves say bharat mata ki jai.
we dont need to force it on anybody.
we have to give direction to the world with our life.
there is no need to force our system and thoughts on anyone; there should be a desire to consider the whole world as ours, a statement issued by rss affiliate bharatiya kisan sangh on monday quoted bhagwat as saying.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das with finance minister arun jaitley.
(pti photo, file) economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das with finance minister arun jaitley.
(pti photo, file)economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das will represent india in the two-day saarc finance ministers meeting beginning from thursday in islamabad.
finance minister arunjaitley , who was scheduled to attend the conference, sources said, has cancelled the participation due to political reasons.
the conference is scheduled on august 25-26 in islamabad.
das will be attending the meeting in place of the finance minister, government sources said.
earlier this month, barbs were exchanged between home minister rajnath singh and pakistan interior minister chaudhry nisar ali khan, who only had a tense and uneasy handshake during the 7th saarc home ministers meeting in islamabad.
pakistani authorities did not allow entry of indian mediapersons, including those from pti and doordarshan, inside the venue of home ministers meeting.
singh had informed rajya sabha that after the meeting was over, pakistans home minister, who was the host, invited the participants for lunch but left in a car soon thereafter.
keeping in mind the countrys prestige, i did what i should have done.
i have no complaints.
i had not gone there for lunch, he had said.
that apart, in his independence day address to the nation, prime minister narendra modi declared that india will not bow before terrorism, and also brought up pakistani atrocities on people of baluchistan and pok, saying that they have thanked him for doing so.
though modi did not make any reference to kashmir valley, which is witnessing violence after the killing of hizbul commander burhan wani, he accused pakistan of glorifying terrorists and celebrating killings in india.
pakistans finance ministry in a recent statement had said the country would play the role of a good host and try to keep the overall ambiance positive.
the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) is a regional intergovernmental organisation.
its member states include afghanistan, bangladesh, bhutan, india, nepal, the maldives, pakistan and sri lanka.
b'finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleyfinance minister arunjaitley plea seeking summoning of records of delhi and district cricket association (ddca) in a criminal defamation complaint filed by him against chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders was allowed by a delhi court on monday.
in an application filed before cmm sanjay khangwal, arunjaitley sought summoning of records of ddca for the relevant period in which he was the president of the cricketing body.
jaitley was the president of ddca between december 1999 and december 2013.
the court after hearing brief submissions allowed jaitleys plea.
the court is currently recording pre-summoning evidence in the criminal defamation complaint filed by arunjaitley , who had recorded his statement before the cmm in support of his plea on january 5.
he had said he had not received any money from anybody during his tenure as president of ddca.
he has accused them of making statements damaging his reputation even after the complaint was filed against them and that their statements against him and his family members had lowered his dignity in the eyes of the public at large.
jaitley had on december 21, 2015 filed criminal defamation complaint against kejriwal and other aap leaders for allegedly defaming him and sought their prosecution for offences that entail a punishment of up to two years in jail.
the complaint had referred to certain allegations made by aap leaders in press conferences, including one claiming that the cbi had raided the office of a delhi government officer looking for jaitleys tax scam files and there was corruption worth several hundred crores during his tenure and that he had shielded ddca for over 15 years.
jaitley had said such statements have been made orally and through twitter handle of the aap leaders, which were carried by the media from december 15-20 last year.
b'with articles essential for people with disabilities set to be taxed under the new gst regime, organisations representing such people are incensed, and have alleged that the government, which talks about inclusion of persons with disabilities, is in fact depriving them of basics necessities.
the organisations argue that for a person with a hearing impairment, a hearing aid is essential, for someone with a locomotor disability, a wheelchair is indispensable, and for the visually impaired, books in braille are part of daily life.
under the gst, taxes ranging from 5-18  on goods used by people with disabilities have been approved.
so far, these goods were exempt from any form of excise and customs duty.
as per rates approved by the gst council on may 18, 2017, 18 per cent tax has been imposed on braille typewriters, 12 per cent on braille paper, 5 per cent on carriages for the disabled, wheelchairs and assistive devices, and 12 per cent on hearing aids.
this has prompted the all india confederation of the blind to write to finance minister arunjaitley and the minister for social justice and empowerment thawar chand gehlot, asking them to withdraw the decision of the gst council.
braille books for blind children and wheelchairs for the orthopedically handicapped will now become more expensive.
the cost of printing braille books is already higher.
for instance, a 45-page book in braille will be 100 pages as it is bigger in size.
the paper is expensive and so is the printing cost, said professor anil aneja, vice-president of the confederation of the blind, an organisation with 26 affiliates across the country.
they have also pointed out that several people with disabilities come from the economically weaker sections, and the government decision would be an impediment in their education and employability.
in the absence of help from the government, it is ngos that are working for their empowerment.
so we have to rely on community resources, which is a constant challenge.
the taxes will make the situation worse, said aneja.
around 5 per cent of the population has some sort of disability.
apart from an increase in prices, activist worry that it will force people to use poor quality devices.
wheelchairs and other devices produced in the country are of poor quality.
so most of the materials used by the disabled are imported.
for wheelchairs made in india, if one part breaks, we have to replace it entirely and that is expensive.
this is unfair because most people with disabilities are unemployed, said abha khetarpal maurya of the ngo, cross the hurdles, who has also received an award from the women and child development ministry.
prime minister narendra modi (pti photo) prime minister narendra modi (pti photo)with the goods and services tax (gst) set for a july 1 roll-out, prime minister narendra modi on monday reviewed the preparations of the new indirect tax regime and said it will be a turning point in the countrys burgeoning economy.
calling it as an unprecedented moment in indias history, the prime minister stated that the creation of the one-nation, one-market and one-tax system would greatly benefit the common man.
taking stock of various elements involved in the roll-out, modi directed the officials to give maximum attention to cyber-security in it systems linked to the gst, the prime ministers office (pmo) said in a statement.
the prime minister also said the implementation of gst from july 1 is the culmination of the concerted efforts of all stakeholders, including political parties, trade and industry bodies, it added.
this was the first review by the prime minister after the gst council finalised the rates, and the second since may 2.
the meeting was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , and top-most officials from the ministry of finance, the pmo and the cabinet secretary.
during the meet, the prime minister specifically reviewed aspects of implementation such as it readiness, hr readiness, training and sensitisation of officers, query handling mechanism, and monitoring, the statement said, adding that gst systems will be in readiness well in time for the july 1 implementation date.
earlier, the gst council had finalised tax rates on almost all goods and services.
it will meet again on june 11 to review some of the rates and discuss other pending issues.
touted as the single-biggest taxation since independence, the gst will absorb 16 different taxes, including excise, service tax and vat, and make india a single market for seamless movement of goods and services.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari and others flag off during the inaugurate the indias first ola multi modal electric vehicle project in nagpur on friday.
(pti photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari and others flag off during the inaugurate the indias first ola multi modal electric vehicle project in nagpur on friday.
(pti photo)nagpur today earned the distinction of becoming the countrys first city with electric fleet of 200 electric vehicles, including taxis, buses, e-rickshaw and autos.
promoting electric vehicles is our priority.
we want electric buses, autorickshaws and other vehicles to ply in the country.
we are engaged in initial talks with softbank for loans at low interest rate for a green project.
we want to introduce 2 lakh electric buses for public transport, road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari said on friday.
he was addressing the media here before the launch of a pilot project for 200 electric vehicles, including 100 of mahindras new e20 plus.
the union minister, along with maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, inaugurated indias first multi-modal electric vehicle project at the nagpur airport complex here.
with this, maharashtra has become the first state to provide various incentives to e-taxis.
electric mass mobility ecosystem in nagpur will bring about a transformational change in the automotive and transportation landscape in the country, gadkari said after the launch.
speaking at the event, fadnavis said, to promote electric fleet, we have waived vat, road tax, and registration for all electric vehicles in the state, and we look forward to building maharashtra as a model state for others to emulate in future.
the pilot project here will commence with a 200-strong fleet, including 100 of mahindras new e2o plus vehicles.
the rest will consist of vehicles sourced from other oems, including tata motors, kinetic, byd and tvs, among others.
taxi aggregator ola has already invested upwards of rs 50 crore towards evs and charging infrastructure, starting with 50 plus charging points across four strategic locations in nagpur.
gadkari said the target is to reduce the ticket fare of public transport by 50 per cent in the country and charging these vehicles will not be an issue as charging stations are being set up.
the size of the automobile industry, which is at rs 4.
5 lakh crore, is estimated to grow to rs 25 lakh crore and stress should be laid on promoting environment-friendly vehicles that causes minimum pollution, he suggested.
the state government will gradually ramp up the operations of electric taxis in all major cities of maharashtra.
pawan goenka, md, mahindra and mahindra, said the company will lead this charge in india with the government.
bhavish aggarwal, co-founder and ceo, ola, stressed that electric mobility in a multi-modal format will be the key towards realising the companys mission of building mobility for a billion indians.
with an eye on promoting eco-friendly transport, the government will be ready with its electric vehicle policy by december.
accelerated adoption of electric and shared vehicles could save usd 60 billion in diesel and petrol cost while cutting down as much as 1 gigatonne (gt) of carbon emission for india by 2030, government think-tank niti aayog said in a joint report with rock mountain institute earlier this month.
a group of ministers, constituted to prepare the draft plan for the electric vehicle policy, has submitted recommendations to the cabinet secretary and is now preparing the draft plan.
a number of indian companies have also shown interest in investing in electric vehicles and the related infrastructure.
the policy will include both light and heavy weight electric vehicles like cars and buses.
dispelling concerns on lack of infrastructure for charging such vehicles, the minister said a charging station is being set up.
gadkari also said he will soon be meeting finance minister arunjaitley to request for a lower tax slab for vehicles run on ethanol, bio diesel and bio cng.
i will also request him to reduce tax rate on hybrid vehicles in order to tackle air pollution in the long run, he said.
the niti aayog report estimates that india can conservatively save up to 64 per cent of anticipated passenger mobility-related energy demand and 37 per cent of carbon emissions by 2030.
at current oil prices, this will imply a net fuel cost saving of approximately rs 3.
9 lakh crore by 2030, the report said.
according to gadkari, there are big plans to develop low-cost lithium-ion batteries in india and efforts are on to remodel the battery made by indian space research organisation to make it fit for use in electric vehicles.
maruti suzuki has evinced interest in developing lithium ion batteries, he added.
the government is aggressively trying to push sales and production of electric vehicles in the country through schemes such as fame india, which have caught the fancy of chinese automobile manufacturers such as byd and saic that are already investing heavily in electric technology.
a 12 per cent levy on pure electric vehicles (evs) has been proposed under the goods and services tax regime, a move that reflects the governments intention to push its adoption.
it is our policy to encourage electric cars and buses.
shortly, i will be coming out with a policy regarding this.
hybrid cars should also be encouraged, it saves fuel, he explained.
electric and hybrid vehicles along with alternative fuel like ethanol are gaining traction as part of efforts to reduce indias crude oil import bill.
we import crude worth rs 7 lakh crore.
electric, ethanol, bio diesel, bio cng are import substitutes and cost effective, pollution free and indigenous too, gadkari added.
with an aim to promote eco-friendly vehicles, the government had launched the fame india scheme in 2015 offering incentives on electric and hybrid vehicles of up to rs 29,000 for bikes and rs 1.
38 lakh for cars.
union home minister rajnath singh, along with finance minister arunjaitley and defence minister manohar parrikar, on sunday reviewed the prevailing situation in manipur where a 75-day long economic blockade on national highways has crippled normal life.
army chief general bipin rawat, home secretary rajiv mehrishi and other top officials were present as the three ministers held an hour long meeting to discuss the situation in the northeastern state.
attorney general mukul rohatgi was also present in the meeting, leading to speculation of the central government mulling some legal action.
the ministers and top officials discussed how to reopen the blocked nh 2, the lifeline of landlocked manipur, and restore normalcy, sources said.
the top priority of the central government is now to reopen nh-2 which connects manipur to assam through nagaland.
while the other highway, (nh-37), is reopened, the centre wants to reopen the nh-2 too as early as possible, sources said.
assembly elections in manipur are scheduled for march 4 and 8 and around 20,000 central security personnel have been sent to the northeastern state keeping in view the security situation in the wake of violence following the economic blockade imposed by the union naga council (unc) on the national highways since november 1.
the unc had imposed the economic blockade on nh-2 (imphal-dimapur) and nh-37 (imphal-jiribam) that serve as lifelines for the landlocked manipur.
b'tripura election results 2018: at an amit shah rally in agartala on february 11.
shah brought up the issue of the 7th pay commission in his speech.
(express photo/abhisek saha) tripura election results 2018: at an amit shah rally in agartala on february 11.
shah brought up the issue of the 7th pay commission in his speech.
(express photo/abhisek saha)the conclusive victory for the bjp in the first electoral contest between the political left and right in the country, winning tripura by a two-third majority, was scripted over two years.
if the cpm saw it, it did little to fight back.
from the issues to pick up, including salaries being paid as per the 4th pay commission in the state when the country had moved onto the 7th, to targeting the youth, who are believed to have broken ranks with families to vote for it, and tapping into the rsss long-term northeast agenda to setting in place its own base, the bjp has been at work since january 2016 to crack the citadel built by the left over 25 years.
sunil deodhar, the bjp tripura prabhari (in-charge) and former rss pracharak, credited to a large extent for the win, was emphatic about what the victory means for the party, which is now on course to becoming the most dominant force in the northeast.
calling the rss-bjp campaign a campaign for communist-mukt bharat, deodhar told the sunday express, we have broken the communist spine with this victory.
this was essential.
now we have broken the backbone of communism from jnu to kerala.
this is more than just symbolic for us.
read | tripura election results 2018: left only in kerala, cpm grapples with divide withinthe pay commissionif the issue of unemployment was the fulcrum of the bjps call for vote for change in the state, it made its point over and over again by highlighting the non-implementation of the 7th pay commission in tripura.
in a state which still pays salaries to government workers on the basis of the 4th pay commission, this issue found prominent space in the bjps vision document for the state, its poll platform as well as speeches of its leaders from prime minister narendra modi and national president amit shah to finance minister arun jaitley.
should the bjp come to power, the leaders promised, the 7th pay commission would be implemented.
if a government servants salary is rs 20,000 under the 4th pay commission, itll increase to at least rs 35,000 under the 7th pay commission.
in a state largely dependent on the services sector in the absence of employment avenues, the defence of chief minister manik sarkar that manipur too had failed to implement the 7th pay commission sounded hollow, especially from a man seeking his fifth term in power.
cpm insiders admitted on saturday that the pay commission issue may have worked overwhelmingly in the bjps favour.
at least 60 per cent of the government employee votes, we now know, have gone to the bjp, a party leader said.
deodhar agrees.
all the central and state government employees voted for us.
the 7th pay commission has been an important issue for us.
split familiesin the heart of krishnanagar, a congested colony of twisting bylanes, lives the influential guha family.
originally from east bengal (they moved to tripura during partition), the guhas are traditionally a cpm family, with tapan guha (62) and his elder brother active party workers for years.
twenty-four years ago, the two walked out of the party.
as we realised that the cpm was becoming more and more dictatorial, especially with every win, both of us left, tapan says.
tapan never voted again till february 18 this year, when he cast his ballot for the bjp.
i knew we needed change.
the bjp had given us an alternative to the left, which had become so arrogant that it had become difficult to live in tripura, he says.
however, tapans younger brother tarun, an ent specialist, again voted for the left, as did their father.
i agree with my brother that change is required.
the only reason i voted for the cpm is because i didnt want this change to come through the bjp.
i dont agree with their ideology.
their hindutva politics makes me uncomfortable.
we are peace-loving people and we want to maintain the peace, he says.
tripura election results 2018: tripura bjp chief biplab deb after the results were declared in agartala on saturday.
(express photo/abhisek saha) tripura election results 2018: tripura bjp chief biplab deb after the results were declared in agartala on saturday.
(express photo/abhisek saha)the division didnt run within just the brothers.
explaining why he voted for the bjp, tapans son subhadeep guha, 30, who runs a business of solar lighting in agartala, says, dalit and muslim lynchings are not relevant.
maybe because that is not something that affects us.
nor is hindutva.
i dont agree with the rss philosophy or hindutva politics, but they wont get a foothold with that kind of politics here.
i voted for the bjp because i like narendra modi.
i like his personality.
at least he is trying to do something.
even notebandi and gst these could have gone very wrong.
but he took the risk nevertheless.
thats the kind of leadership we need right now.
in tripura, we are 20 years behind every other state.
what has the left done for 25 years?
since i was a child, i have only seen one government.
i voted for parivartan.
in family after family, such divisions were seen in tripura this election.
deodhar says that cross-voting by hardcore left families was one of the factors for the bjps victory.
there has been at least 10 per cent cross-voting.
we knew this would happen.
the disgruntlement with the cpm leadership was high even within party workers and supporters.
bjp leaders claim that in many districts, left workers were in touch with them.
so while many cpm families attended left rallies and participated in the campaign even, we knew they would be voting for us, says a source.
building the partydeodhar says the northeast states have always been very important for the rss.
strategically because of china and bangladesh, also because of the infiltration of bangladeshi muslims and because of conversions to christianity.
so in the early 90s, the sangh decided that each northeast state would be adopted by another state.
assam was given to kerala; manipur to karnataka; meghalaya, mizoram and nagaland to maharashtra; arunachal to vidarbha; and tripura to west bengal, because these have similar cultures, he says.
over the past two years, rss insiders say, the sangh work in tripura was intensified.
from around 60 shakhas at the time of the 2014 elections, the rss now has 265 shakhas in the state.
we have nothing to do with electoral politics, but we have been reaching out to people through our social service.
many families who have joined us are cpm families.
many of our workers are former cpm workers.
the belief that people of tripura are communists is erroneous.
the common man does not know marx and has not read das kapital.
they were simply under pressure to follow communism because of the ruling party.
they were oppressed.
we simply gave them an alternative.
taught them concepts new to them  of desh bhakti (patriotism), sanskriti (culture) and itihaas (history).
they were not aware.
once they understood, they joined us.
now as many as 15,000-20,000 attend our shakha events, says an rss tripura insider.
he adds that this is not something new.
it was done in 2013 as well, only this time it got traction.
as the rss worked in the background, the bjp put its organisation in place to match the left fronts formidable cadre base.
this was important as the bjp did not have any presence in tripura, having won only 1.
54 per cent of the votes in the 2013 assembly polls, with almost every one of its 50 candidates losing their deposits.
party leaders say over 50,000 bjp and rss members were hands-on in the state.
they took out morchas and led andolans from mandal to state level  including yuva morchas (by the bjps youth wing), mahila morcha (womens wing), to morchas for scs, sts, obcs, minorities and farmers.
vistaraks were appointed per constituency to ensure there was no infighting among mandals and local leaders, while more were brought in from other states to look after tripuras tea estates.
tripura election results 2018: bjp national general secretary ram madhav and tripura bjp chief biplab kumar deb greet the supporters after partys victory in tripura assembly elections results in agartala on saturday.
(pti photo) tripura election results 2018: bjp national general secretary ram madhav and tripura bjp chief biplab kumar deb greet the supporters after partys victory in tripura assembly elections results in agartala on saturday.
(pti photo)each polling booth has about 17-18 pages of voters, and each page has a list of 60 voters.
a panna pramukh or page in-charge was given the charge of each such page, and entrusted to look after the needs of all the 60 voters on it.
for the job, local leaders, men and women, were picked up.
then came shakti kendra vistaraks  in-charge of every five booths in the state.
while the bjp does not have a trade union of its own, the bharatiya mazdoor sangh, affiliated to the rss, was strengthened and its membership increased.
the bjp also launched its ambitious online registration of voters, through missed calls given to a number.
deodhar says over two lakh members were registered with it by the time of elections.
another idea was train samparaks, who would travel on trains wearing modi-t-shirts and hand out bjp pamphlets to passengers.
they would talk to passengers, take down their phone numbers, ask them about their problems, from water issues to gas cylinder difficulties, and pass the same along to party workers in agartala.
the bjp says this army of workers went through prashikshan (training), including lessons on ideology, nationalism and indian culture.
finally, just ahead of the elections, 400 vistaraks were brought in from assam.
admits cpm state secretary bijan dhar, they had resources that we simply did not  from the money they poured into the campaign to the number of people they mobilised and brought in from outside.
the tribal votefrom the beginning, the bjp was clear that tripura could not be won without the tribal vote, the lefts lifeblood in the state.
a month before the elections, it tied up with the ipft (indigenous peoples front of tripura).
the party has been backing the ipft for some time now, with cpm leaders accusing the bjp of instigating the riots between ipft workers and cpm during the agartala violence of august 2016.
but it held off its decision as it weighed its options.
says a bjp leader, we had been in touch with all the anti-left regional parties.
we felt the ipft had managed to build a strong tribal base on the back of its demand for a separate state for tribals and so was the best bet for us.
in the run-up to the elections, the bjp made it clear that it did not back a separate tribal state, so as to not lose the majority bengali vote in the state.
despite that, the partys faith in the ipft was eventually justified, with the tribal outfit winning eight of the nine seats it contested.
agartala: bjp supporters wave party flag to celebrate bjps win, which brought down 25 years of cpi-m government rule, after tripura assembly election results were announced in agartala on saturday.
pti photo (pti3_3_2018_000039b) agartala: bjp supporters wave party flag to celebrate bjps win, which brought down 25 years of cpi-m government rule, after tripura assembly election results were announced in agartala on saturday.
pti photo (pti3_3_2018_000039b)on saturday, the desertion of the cpm by tribals was evident.
while the party has never won less than 18 of the 20 tribal seats in the state, this time it got only two, jolaibarri and manu.
among the cpm leaders who stood defeated was deputy chief minister and tribal leader aghore debbarman, who lost from the lefts strongest bastion, asharambari, by a significant margin of 7,000 votes.
even in 1988, when the congress formed a government in the state, asharambari had given the cpm its largest-ever win.
bijoy kumar hrangkhwal, a former rebel commander and president of ipft rival inpt (indigenous nationalist front of tripura), says the bjp victory was inevitable.
we dont agree with the ipft demand for a separate state, but the writing on the wall was there.
the tribals were feeling alienated, neglected.
this is not a bad verdict as far as we are concerned.
we dont support the bjp, but something had to change.
the tribals have been loyal to the cpm time after time, but without getting anything in return.
there are 10,000 tribal youths without jobs.
do you think that is a small matter?
how will tribal families feed themselves without jobs?
the tribal youth had had enough, and they are the ones who brought about the change, says hrangkhwal.
the pms ralliesmodi addressed four rallies in tripura, unprecedented for a pm for a such a small state.
on february 8, he held two public meetings  in sonamura in south tripura, and kailashshahar in north tripura.
among the audience were people from all the surrounding assembly constituencies.
if this visit is believed to have given the bjp crucial impetus, his second visit just three days ahead of the february 18 elections, where he did two rallies again  in shantirbazar in south tripura, and then in agartala city  drawing record crowds, sealed the deal.
combined with his growing popularity in the state, these rallies gave crucial last-minute push to the bjp.
senior bjp leaders also continuously visited the state to boost the workers morale, especially if there were any attacks on them in a state controlled by the cpm  a point modi emphasised in his victory speech on saturday.
sources said the bjp spent more than rs 15 lakh on medical expenses of its injured cadres.
fifty-two ministers visited tripura in the last three years.
this sent a message that the bjp leadership and central government were keen to see the welfare of the people in tripura, deodhar says.
in a rare confession by a left leader, politburo member mohammad salim said on saturday, the bjp had many devices, especially the social media, to woo the youth.
but it is true that in a state like tripura there are issues.
unemployment, for instance, is a grave issue.
we as a party will have to introspect.
there are things that we need to do, we have to reinvent and repackage ourselves.
***agartala: a bjp supporters wear a mask of prime minister narendra modi to celebrate partys victory in tripura assembly elections in agartala on saturday.
bjps win marks an end to 25 years of cpi-m government rule in the state.
pti photo agartala: a bjp supporters wear a mask of prime minister narendra modi to celebrate partys victory in tripura assembly elections in agartala on saturday.
bjps win marks an end to 25 years of cpi-m government rule in the state.
pti photothe scriptwriters of the victorysunil deodhara maharashtra-born rss pracharak, deodhar was sent to tripura by bjp president amit shah in 2014, and a large share of the credit for the party winning the left bastion goes to deodhar.
in the two and a half years that he spent in the state, deodhar, 54, has visited all 60 constituencies of tripura at least three times each.
under him, the bjp appointed 3,209 agents for the 3,214 polling booths in the state; the congress, with 35 per cent vote share last time, has only 1,500 booth agents.
a major call deodhar took was for the bjp to directly take on cpm chief minister manik sarkar, a leader of impeccable personal credentials.
we tried to establish that being honest and simple is not enough, one has to be effective, deodhar says.
he convinced the bjp to reach out to leaders from other parties to build its non-existent base in the state, and to strike an unthinkable deal with the indigenous peoples front of tripura (ipft), a tribal outfit seeking a separate state.
deodhar also zeroed in on biplab kumar deb as state party chief, and deb is expected to be the new cm.
he was chosen for the northeast due to his 11-year experience of working as an rss pracharak in the region.
from 2005-10, he worked with my home india, an initiative to provide assistance to northeastern students in different parts of india.
in 2010, he joined the bjp and was made convener of the northeastern cell by then party chief nitin gadkari.
deodhar caught the eye of narendra modi when, in 2013, he won the bjp three of six seats in gujarats dahod district, a congress bastion.
in the 2014 lok sabha polls, modi made him in-charge of his varanasi constituency.
biplab kumar debthe youngest state chief of the bjp, the 49-year-old rss volunteer was apparently reluctant to take over the mantle in 2016.
but with party leaders desperate to pit a young face against the experienced manik sarkar, deb, a native of south tripuras udaipur, was brought back from the national capital.
sources say he is likely to be announced as the new chief minister.
read | biplab deb: in two years, from greenhorn in tripura to cm frontrunnerparty leaders credit the spectacular victory to his leadership.
a father of two, debs wife, niti, is a deputy manager at the state bank of indias parliament house branch in delhi.
ram madhavthe bjps win in these polls is another high for the party general secretary.
since his induction into the bjp in 2014, madhav, 53, a full-time rss worker since 1981, has undertaken some difficult tasks, including engineering the historical alliance between the bjp and the pdp in j&k.
while he relied on deodhar and deb in tripura, in nagaland, madhavs right-hand man priyang pandey, who is with the india foundation, handled the electioneering.
sources say madhav had promised the prime minister 40 seats from the last red bastion.
himanta biswa sarmasince he quit the congress to join the bjp in 2015, sarma, 49, as convener of the bjp-led north east democratic alliance, has played a crucial role in bjps government formation in assam, manipur and arunachal.
in tripura, sarma was key to the bjp stitching an alliance with the indigenous peoples front of tripura, which helped the party take tribal seats.
of those behind the victory, sarma is the only one without a sangh background  the one-time assam congress strategist is now a virulent critic of his former party and rahul gandhi.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photo finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photofinance minister arunjaitley on monday attacked the sacked congress government in uttarakhand saying the speaker was murdering democracy by first declaring a budget rejected by majority mlas as passed and then by disqualifying mlas even after assembly was put under suspended animation.
in a facebook post titled a state without a budget, he said the congress plunged the state into a serious constitutional crisis by continuing a government which should have quit after the failure of the appropriation bill.
to further complicate the crisis, the chief minister started allurement, horse-trading and disqualification with a view to altering the composition of the house, he said.
after the assembly has been put under suspended animation and the decision has been made public, the speaker has decided to disqualify some members.
the constitutional breakdown has been compounded further by this action, he said.
the finance minister said the congress government in the state was reduced to minority on march 18 when 35 mlas in the assembly voted against the appropriation bill and 32 in favour.
these 35 mlas comprised of 27 from the bjp and the rest were rebel congress legislators.
on 18th march the majority was declared to be a minority and vice versa, and on 27th march the composition of the house was attempted to be changed in violation of the constitution to convert a minority into a majority.
this is an unprecedented case of a speaker declaring a failed appropriation bill as passed and then failing to certify falsehood.
this leaves the state without any approved financial expenditure with effect from 1st april 2016, he said.
stating that there was no better evidence of a breakdown of constitution than this, he said, the congress government of uttarakhand was murdering democracy every day from the 18th of march till the 27th of march.
it is now incumbent upon the central government to ensure that steps are taken under article 357 to authorise expenditure of the state with effect from 1st april 2016 as the state cannot spend in next fiscal without the legislature approving the appropriation bill, he said.
jaitley said article 356 of the constitution, imposing presidents rule in a state, can be invoked only if the president is satisfied that there are grounds for believing that the governance of the state cannot be carried on in accordance with the constitution.
the congress party in uttarakhand split after a section of the leadership alleged that they were dissatisfied both with the chief minister and the central leadership of the congress party.
the split, he said, was on account of reasons internal to the congress party.
nine members of the congress party in the legislative assembly decided to vote against the appropriation bill which provides for the budget of the state, he said, adding there was documentary evidence both prior and subsequent to the assembly session to suggest that 35 members voting against it had asked for a division of votes.
the proceedings of the assembly circulated in writing establish the charge that a division was asked for and yet it was claimed that the appropriation bill has been passed without a vote, he said.
stating that there were strong facts to suggest that the appropriation bill was actually defeated, he said as a consequence, the government had to resign.
two further consequences flow out of this.
firstly, the appropriation bill sanctioning expenditure from 1st april 2016 was not approved and, secondly, if the appropriation bill was defeated, the continuation of the government subsequent to 18th march 2016 is unconstitutional, he said.
the minister said till date neither the chief minister nor the speaker has forwarded a certified copy of the appropriation bill to the governor.
obviously, there is no assent of the governor to the appropriation bill.
all facts surrounding the alleged discussion and passage of the appropriation bill clearly indicate its non-passage.
there is a cloud and a serious doubt about the appropriation bill.
there is a complete breakdown of the constitutional machinery in as much as the government, which should have resigned on the 18th of march with the failure of appropriation bill, has decided to continue, he said.
jaitley said till today there is no appropriation bill certified by the speaker which has received assent of the governor.
if it is speakers case that the rebels voted in favour of the appropriation bill and, hence, it has been passed, then the rebels could not have been disqualified.
only one political party, the congress, and that is a political opposition.
that is not an ideological opposition.
i am trying my best to talk to them, so that they can come around.
jaitley said the bill will be put to vote in next parliament session even if congress continues to oppose it, the air said in a release.
the goods and services tax (gst) bill, which has been approved by lok sabha, is pending in rajya sabha because of stiff resistance by congress, the largest party in the house.
government has been insisting that most of the parties, except congress, are in favour of gst, which will bring about a uniform indirect taxation regime in the country.
i think first important factor, which is beyond our control, is that the world starts growing faster.
so if, global tail winds support us, then our ability to grow faster will be there.
but thats something not in our control.
the second important factor is oil and commodity prices must remain at a moderate level.
the present regime suits us, because as net buyers, we are buying at a cheaper price and therefore, we are saving a lot of money.
the third important factor is that indias private sector has to get more active, he said.
jaitley said government has taken a number of steps such as concentrating on rural areas, liberalising economy, and removing discretions and wasteful subsidies to boost the economic growth.
subsidies must only reach the poor.
thats the objective of the government.
and therefore, in lpg, weve successfully implemented it.
and i think the next stage is that were trying other areas like fertiliser and food- pilot schemes, whether similar schemes are possible or not, he said.
speaking on job creation, the minister said jobs are being created in start ups and it sector, but added it is manufacturing sector which needs to create more employment.
to a question on ease of doing business, he said the reforms ushered in last year had brought india up in global rankings.
he further said the enactment of the bankruptcy law will further improve indias ranking.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
(express photo) finance minister arun jaitley.
(express photo)the most striking feature of this years economic survey is the tone  not as sanguine as the picture that was presented in the report for 2014-15.
last years flagship annual document of the finance ministry had talked of india reaching a sweet spot, with the economy on the recovery path and set to finally be launched on a double-digit medium-term growth trajectory.
the basis for the optimism was a political mandate for reform and a benign external environment.
the 2015-16 survey, by contrast, emphasises the need for a recalibration of expectations and making conditional assessments of the economys performance over the coming year.
the main reason for this is an unusually challenging and weak external environment.
but external factors apart, there is also an admission of internal political failure to push reforms: approval for the game-changing gst bills has proved elusive so far; the disinvestment programme fell short of targets, including that of achieving strategic sales; and the next stage of subsidy rationalisation is a work-in-progress.
the change in tone alone captures the sheer gap between expectations at this time last year and the ground reality that has unfolded since then.
and for most  be it investors or the general public  this gap is more about the narendra modi government not really delivering on the expectations that had brought it to power in may 2014.
true, nobody predicted the turbulence that a chinese-led slowdown has now unleashed on the world economy.
the survey notes that a reduction in global growth to 3 per cent, from the 4-4.
5 per cent level of 2003-11, brings down indias own growth to 7-7.
5 per cent, as against its long-run potential of 8-10 per cent.
but the fact is that this wasnt helped by a lack of political will to undertake aggressive disinvestment and subsidy reforms.
these would have released resources for much-needed public capital expenditures to counter weak external demand and crowd-in private investments.
by allowing fringehindu-right elements to dictate the political discourse and divisive issues to take centre-stage in parliament, the ruling bjp-led alliance unnecessarily shifted the focus from the economy.
it is not late still, however, to redeem the situation.
all eyes will be on the union budget to be presented on monday: a clear strategy on disinvestment extending to sale of majority government equity and commitment to credible fiscal consolidation is what investors will primarily look for.
but beyond the budget, the governments efforts to get at least two important legislation  those relating to the gst and a comprehensive bankruptcy code (enabling businesses to shut as easily as to start)  through parliament would also matter.
and that requires creating the right political environment, for which the responsibility lies more with the party in power.
the term of incumbent pranab mukherjee ends on july 24 and that of vice president m hamid ansari on august 10.
(file/photo) the term of incumbent pranab mukherjee ends on july 24 and that of vice president m hamid ansari on august 10.
(file/photo)the bjp will talk to all political parties in the true spirit of democracy to evolve a broad consensus on the presidential nominee, union minister venkaiah naidu said on tuesday after party chief amit shah met him and finance minister arun jaitley.
naidu, however, appealed to all that they should go by the mandate of the people which is for this government, in what is seen as a subtle message to opposition parties to be agreeable to the bjp-led ndas choice for the top constitutional post.
the filing of the nomination for the post will begin from tomorrow.
the election will be held on july 17 and counting will take place on july 20.
besides naidu and arunjaitley , home minister rajnath singh is another member the three-member committee constituted by shah on monday to consult bjp allies as well as opposition parties to evolve a consensus over the presidential poll.
we have started internal consultations.
we are the ruling party and we have to take everyone on board and work towards evolving a broad consensus and seek their support, naidu told reporters, asserting that the exercise will be done in the true spirit of democracy.
he also said that he has already spoken to the party chief and in the coming days, they (all the committee members) will be talking to leaders of other political parties.
bjp sources said all three committee members will speak to different parties.
jaitley shares warm relationship with several opposition leaders and naidu and singh too have fine equations with various non-bjp parties.
the committee will also work to ensure that they gather enough support from regional parties to put the bjp-led nda in the winning position in case opposition parties put up a joint candidate and force a contest.
the ruling block already enjoys numerical advantage in the electoral college.
leaders of top opposition parties will meet on june 14 to hold consultations on the upcoming presidential election.
the term of incumbent pranab mukherjee ends on july 24 and that of vice president m hamid ansari on august 10.
b'subramanian swamy (reuters/file) subramanian swamy (reuters/file)with both the party and the prime minister giving clear signs of displeasure over his controversial tweets, rajya sabha mp and bjp leader subramanian swamy on friday said there will be few tweets from him for one week.
sources in the bjp said the nominated mp and party national executive member has been advised by the organisation to go slow and to not embarrass the government and the party  especially at a time when both are busy reaching the positive message of the nda governments achievements in the two years at the helm.
while party leaders gave conflicting information on who has conveyed the advice to swamy, the mp tweeted in the afternoon: now ram temple, nh (national herald), impleading in swami dayanandas wp (writ petition) in sc, aircel maxis, csk (chennai super kings) ban etc requires me to concentrate.
so few tweets for 1 week.
watch video: whats making newsearlier in the day, swamys tweets were loaded as usual.
one such tweet, seen as a swipe at finance minister arunjaitley , said: if i apply samuelson-swamy theory of index numbers to indias gdp calculation or rbi interests rates, media will scream anti party activity!
his other tweet, a couple of hours later, also drew criticism, as it referred to bangladeshis as barbarians.
it is painful to see daily murder of hindu priests and activists in bdesh.
hindu blood was shed to liberate these barbarians to create bdesh, swamy tweeted.
while two party leaders said the rss has informally asked him to go slow on his contentious tweets, another source said bjp president amit shah has spoken to swamy, who has over the months attacked rbi governor raghuram rajan (following which he has announced his decision not to seek a second term), chief economic adviser arvind subramanian and economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das.
several bjp leaders have also expressed strong disapproval against swamys tweets targeting jaitley.
party leaders wanted the top leadership to warn swamy, as they felt he has overstepped limits of decency and is even weakening the foundations of the government by targeting officials and attacking the senior minister publicly.
but it was prime minister narendra modi who spoke out.
in an interview with the times now channel, modi said: whether it is in my party or not, i think such things are inappropriate.
this fondness for publicity is never going to do any good to the nation.
people should conduct themselves with utmost responsibility.
if anybody considers himself above the system, it is wrong.
i am very clear about this.
sources in the party said it was a clear warning to swamy.
the prime minister had not given any clearer warningto anyone in the party in the last two years, said a minister in the union cabinet.
sources said the bjp leadership does not want swamy to embarrass the government any further.
when the party and the government were trying to send a positive message about the government, it was getting lost because of the controversy over his tweets, one leader said.
however, another party leader said the attempts by a section of party to distance swamy from the party has not been successful.
swamy is (as) accepted in the party as before.
he became an mp because the rss wanted so, the bjp leader said.
the party and the sangh need him, especially at a time when the party is preparing to fight the electoral battle in uttar pradesh.
swamy, along with the vhp, recently revived the debate on ram temple in ayodhya.
b'jaitley maintained banks had to be empowered to take effective legal action against defaulters and the insolvency law, securitisation law and drt law were the steps in that direction.
jaitley maintained banks had to be empowered to take effective legal action against defaulters and the insolvency law, securitisation law and drt law were the steps in that direction.
the lok sabha passed the enforcement of security interest and recovery of debts laws and miscellaneous provisions (amendment) bill by voice vote.
introduced in the lok sabha in may, the legislation seeks to amend four laws  sarfaesi act, drt act, indian stamp act and the depositories act  and provides for expeditious recovery of bad loans by banks, which have to contend with nonperforming assets of rs 4 lakh crore and stressed assets amounting to rs 8 lakh crore.
we cannot have a banking system where people take loans and do not repay, finance minister arunjaitley said.
he said the proposed law simplifies the procedure by which there will be quick disposal of pending cases of banks and financial institutions by debt recovery tribunal.
he maintained banks had to be empowered to take effective legal action against defaulters and the insolvency law, securitisation law and drt law were the steps in that direction.
however, the minister assured members that with regard to education loans, some compassion has to be shown if someone is unemployed and till he gets a job.
but, the loan cannot be written off, he added.
agricultural land, he said, had been kept outside scope of the bill.
the finance minister said if loans taken were not repaid, the centre or state budget will have to provide for the waiver.
he said: if loans are to be waived, someone has to step in.
we should not create a culture that i have taken a loan and i can sleep well and banks should be answerable.
b'the impeachment notice was submitted to the rajya sabha chairman on april 20 by legislators from congress, sp, bsp, ncp, cpi(m).
(file) the impeachment notice was submitted to the rajya sabha chairman on april 20 by legislators from congress, sp, bsp, ncp, cpi(m).
(file)chief justice of india dipak misras impeachment has become the latest flash point between the bjp and congress, with the grand old party deciding to take the matter to the supreme court after rajya sabha chairman venkaiah naidu on monday rejected the notice submitted by seven opposition parties for a motion to remove the cji citing absence of credible and verifiable information.
naidu is reported to have arrived at the decision after extensive consultations with legal luminaries, government law officers and former rajya sabha secretaries general.
he said the allegations made by the opposition parties had a serious tendency of undermining the independence of judiciary, which is the basic tenet of the constitution of india.
naidu said the allegations made by the opposition parties had a serious tendency of undermining the independence of judiciary.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) naidu said the allegations made by the opposition parties had a serious tendency of undermining the independence of judiciary.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)in the absence of credible and verifiable information placed before me which gives an indication of misbehaviour or incapacity, it would be an inappropriate and irresponsible act to accept statements which have little empirical basis.
as heirs to an illustrious democratic tradition and custodians of the present and future of democratic polity, we should, in my view, collectively strengthen and not erode the foundations of the grand edifice bequeathed to us by the constitution makers, naidu wrote in a 10-page order refusing to admit the notice of the motion.
read | vice-president venkaiah naidu rejects cji dipak misra impeachment notice: here is what he saidthe five allegations of misbehaviour mentioned in the impeachment notice, which was submitted to the rajya sabha chairman on april 20 by legislators from congress, sp, bsp, ncp, cpi(m) and bearing signatures of 64 mps, include a conspiracy to pay illegal gratification in the prasad education trust case and the denial of permission to proceed against a retired high court judge in the same matter.
wondering what was the hurry in rejecting the notice that had signatures of 64 mps, sibal pointed out that never before in indias history had a motion been dismissed at the preliminary stage.
(file) wondering what was the hurry in rejecting the notice that had signatures of 64 mps, sibal pointed out that never before in indias history had a motion been dismissed at the preliminary stage.
(file)addressing a press conference soon after naidu quashed the impeachment notice, congress leader kapil sibal said the party would move the supreme court to challenge the unprecedented, illegal, ill-advised and hasty order that had shattered the confidence of people and jeopardised the legal system.
read | cji dipak misra impeachment: the five charges and 10 observations rejecting themwondering what was the hurry in rejecting the notice that had signatures of 64 mps, sibal pointed out that never before in indias history had a motion been dismissed at the preliminary stage.
it is illegal, because the chairman has passed an order which is required to be passed after a full-fledged inquiry, sibal said, adding that the rajya sabha chairman had to only ascertain whether the motion was in order.
aicc media-in-charge randeep singh surjewala also criticised the decision and said it was a fight between forces rejecting democracy and voices rescuing democracy.
in a tweet, congress spokesperson and lawyer abhishek manu singhvi said naidu expectedly rejected the impeachment motion and that too within a day of his return to delhi.
calling naidus order an anticipated shocker, another party leader vivek tankha said, it decided the admission of motion on merits without the 2nd stage inquiry.
merits a challenge before sc.
will force greater transparency and public interest reform.
congress leader kapil sibal said the party would move the supreme court to challenge the unprecedented, illegal, ill-advised and hasty order.
(file) congress leader kapil sibal said the party would move the supreme court to challenge the unprecedented, illegal, ill-advised and hasty order.
(file)the counter-charge against the congress was led by bjp spokesperson meenakshi lekhi, who said the party was trying to intimidate the judiciary after losing votes and support of the people.
this came after finance minister arunjaitley on friday called the notice a revenge petition following the supreme court rejecting a plea for a probe into the death of judge b h loya, who was hearing the sohrabuddin sheikh fake ancounter case involving bjp chief amit shah.
the bjp president, in a facebook post, said congress move to impeach cji was part of a trend to demonise and weaken every institution that sought to maintain its individual identity.
bjp rajya sabha member subramanian swamy opined that naidu should have rejected the notice on day 1 itself as it was made public, which is against parliamentary rules.
the vice president should have rejected it (impeachment notice) the day it was filed because the content of the notice was made public, swamy said.
cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said the impeachment notice was rejected with a certain degree of non-application of mind.
(file) cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said the impeachment notice was rejected with a certain degree of non-application of mind.
(file)during the course of the day, many opposition leaders slammed the rajya sabha chairmans decision, questioning the steadfastness with which the motion was dismissed.
cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said the impeachment notice was rejected with a certain degree of non-application of mind, while yashwant sinha, who sevred ties with the bjp last week, expressed concern over what he called the governments approach to control the supreme court, the election commission and gagging of the press.
alleging that proper procedure was not followed by naidu, yechury said the motion should have been referred to a three-member committee, which should include a supreme court judge, a high court chief justice and a jurist.
senior jurist fali s nariman said the issues raised in the impeachment notice were not of sufficient gravity and rightly rejected.
(file) senior jurist fali s nariman said the issues raised in the impeachment notice were not of sufficient gravity and rightly rejected.
(file)meanwhile, the legal fraternity appeared to be divided over naidu rejecting the cji impeachment notice.
eminent jurist and former attorney general of india soli sorabjee said naidu had rightly applied his mind and claimed that the oppostions decision to petition the sc would fail too.
i dont see chances of the writ petition (challenging the v-ps decision) succeeding, he said.
senior jurist fali s nariman too seconded sorabjee and said the issues raised in the impeachment notice were not of sufficient gravity and rightly rejected.
activist lawyer prashant bhushan, who has been leading the protest against the cji and had accused him of conflict of interest in the lucknow medical college admission case, said the decision was unconstitutional and political to protect the cji.
however, bar council of india chairman, manan kumar mishra, said it was the most perfect decision that had made all sensitive people in the country happy.
bhushan further went on to allege that naidus decision had the governments imprint and called it a political ploy.
the rs chairman only has to see if the notice was signed by requisite number of people and whether these charges amount to misbehavior or not.
he has no business to go into the merits of the charges.
this has clearly been done at the behest of the government.
it is a political decision to protect the cji, bhushan said.
b'bjp today said new submissions by cbi to the supreme court show government had made significant changes in the agencys status report on coal scam and insisted it will support bills on food security and land acquisition only after the railway and law ministers quit.
the cbi affidavit in the supreme court today gave fresh ammunition to the main opposition which charged the alterations made at the behest of law minister ashwani kumar were damaging and aimed at protecting the government on the coal mines allocation issue.
referring to para 19 of the cbi affidavit,leader of the opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley said the portion where the probe agency had stated that it is not clear on what basis weightage was given to those who got the mining contracts have been removed at the instance of the minister.
similarly,the broadsheets which were part of the cbi report on coal block allotments have also been omitted.
another significant change is removal of the section where the agency wants to know why the criteria of auction suggested by cag in 2004 has not been followed even till 2010.
these are extremely major changes the investigation was directed at the coal minister and the prime minister.
on the issue of railway minister p k bansals nephews alleged involvement in the bribery case for a plum posting in the railway,jaitley said there is a rhythm in the way the files moved and the money paid.
the person who was given the bribes is an alter ego of the railway minister in politics and business, he said,and asked why should strangers be paid bribes?
leader of the opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj expressed her ire at governments attempt to get the food security bill passed in the house amid the din.
she said bjp wants this legislation and the land acquisition bill be passed but this is possible only after bansal and kumar quit.
finance minister arun jaitley.
finance minister arun jaitley.
india is formulating policy to help major global defence companies set up manufacturing units in the country in collaboration with indian firms, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
jaitley, who holds the additional charge of the defence ministry, said the union government has made the initial policy changes while some more are being planned.
hopefully in the years to come, the impact of this change as far as defence manufacturing policy is concerned would be visible in india.
jaitley was given the additional charge of the defence ministry apart from the ministry of corporate affairs after his predecessor manohar parrikar was made the chief minister of goa.
using cricket lingo, he described himself as the night watchman for these two ministries.
one of my principal responsibilities is to look after the finances of the government.
there are some additional responsibilities that keep coming, he said.
in the us you do not have much of cricket.
in india it is our favourite game.
in the game of cricket, we call it night watchman, he said, referring to his dual role.
the prime minister has asked me to fill in that role in some other departments.
jaitley, leading an indian delegation, arrived here on april 20, to attend the annual spring meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank.
in addition to his meetings and presentations at the annual spring meetings of the imf and the world bank, arunjaitley is also scheduled to attend meetings of other multilateral forums including that of the g-20 finance ministers.
red beacon banned: the union cabinet took the decision to do away with this vvip culture at a meeting wednesday morning red beacon banned: the union cabinet took the decision to do away with this vvip culture at a meeting wednesday morningthe union cabinet on wednesday decided to do away with red beacons atop officials cars, announcing that only the chief justice of india would be allowed to use it.
the decision comes into effect from may 1, 2017.
red beacon to be removed from cars of pm and all ministers.
it will be allowed only on emergency service vehicles from may 1 to end vip culture, union minister gadkari told news agency pti.
addressing a press conference in delhi, union minister arunjaitley said: a red light can be carried in vehicles of high dignitaries specified by the central and state government.
now, neither in state or centre the government will be able to nominate any members to use the red beacon.
there are no exceptions.
fire brigade, ambulance services, police vehicles and other emergency services will be allowed to use the blue beacon, arunjaitley added.
read: red beacon: why 2001 parliament attack prompted delhi police to crackdown on its illegal usein effect, the ban applies to the prime minister, union ministers, chief ministers, state cabinet ministers, bureaucrats and judges of the high court and supreme court.
the move comes weeks after the two chief ministers of uttar pradesh and punjab decided against the use of the red beacon or lal batti on their official cars.
in december 2013, a bench of justices gs singhvi and c nagappan directed states to amend the motor vehicle rules to restrict the use of the red beacon and impose an exemplary fine on those who misused it.
the court order said only constitutional authorities would be allowed to use the red beacon.
finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arunjaitley delhi high court monday disallowed four questions by advocate ram jethmalani in a civil defamation suit filed by union minister arunjaitley against chief minister arvind kejriwal and five aap leaders seeking rs 10 crore as damages.
directing a barrage of questions to arunjaitley before joint registrar (judicial) rupali sharma, jethmalani asked the minister how he had estimated the damages at rs 10 crore.
to show your great reputation, which has been injured, are you examining any witness in support of your reputation?
he then went on to say that as arunjaitley was a cabinet minister, the best character witness for him would be the prime minister.
he also asked if arunjaitley had consulted the pm before filing the suit.
all three questions were disallowed by the court, which said, the list of witnesses of plaintiff is on record.
this is the third time the finance minister is being cross-examined by the advocate.
he was earlier cross-questioned on march 6 and 7.
the court has now listed the matter for further cross-examination on wednesday .
kejriwal and the aap leaders had alleged financial irregularities by arunjaitley during his tenure as president of the delhi and district cricket association (ddca).
at that time, the income of the association was limited and the board of control for cricket in india used to give only rs 4 crore as infrastructure grant for construction of the stadium.
members, therefore, brought various proposals wherein the money could be donated either by some business house or the government.
however, ultimately the association created a new model under which naming rights of various blocks and corporate boxes could provide adequate funding to start the construction.
this is how the stadium was finally constructed and its historical name, feroz shah kotla, retained, he said.
the senior advocate then asked arunjaitley about the rs 22 crore offer to name the stadium after dhirubhai ambani, and another proposal from the government offering to pay all expenses if the stadium was named after shyama prasad mookerjee.
jaitley said some oral suggestions, without any firm proposal, were made, but they never materialised.
the ddca then decided to build the stadium on the basis of resources it mobilised on its own, he said.
to the best of my knowledge, government funds to be allotted to any association needs a budgetary sanction from parliament.
there has never been a budgetary proposal to give government funds for funding stadiums of private associations, he said.
jethmalani then suggested that arunjaitley imposed the decision on the ddca to not accept any donation either from a private or a government donor, as he did not want any interference in the associations spending.
the advocate said the matter with the government could have been easily resolved by you talking to your colleagues in government (in 2003 when bjp government was in power).
i would have never done so since it would be a terrible precedent for a minister to persuade his own government to spend funds on a private body, of which he is the president, arunjaitley replied.
stating that a rs 25-crore contract was given to epil initially, jethmalani asked if a tender system was followed for the remaining amount of rs 90 crore.
jaitley answered that he was not dealing with the construction directly.
rahul gandhi and akhilesh yadav during a joint press conference in lucknow on sunday.
(source: pti) rahul gandhi and akhilesh yadav during a joint press conference in lucknow on sunday.
(source: pti)we are like two wheels of a bicycle: akhilesh at joint press briefing with rahul gandhicongress vice-president rahul gandhi and up cm akhilesh yadav jump started the poll campaign for the samajwadi party-congress alliance in up on sunday.
this sp-congress partnership is an answer to the politics of hate and division.
we want to end the politics of anger perpetuated by the rss-bjpthis is not an opportunistic alliance.
we will show pm modi and bjp-rss that people of up are with us.
gandhi said during the briefing.
finance minister finance minister arunjaitley (pti)union budget 2017: service tax to be hiked to 16-18 ; eating out, phone bills to be costlierfinance minister arunjaitley may hike service tax rate to 16-18 per cent from the current 15 per cent in the budget, due on wednesday, as a precursor to the goods and services tax (gst) rollout.
the tax slabs decided for the gst are 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent and taking service tax closer to one of the slabs is a logical move in the budget, tax experts said.
tax experts say, arunjaitley , who had in his previous budget hiked service tax rate by 0.
5 per cent to 15 per cent, may raise the levy by at least one percentage point to 16 per centindia u19 team physical fitness trainer rajesh sawant found deadrajesh sawant, the physical fitness trainer of the india u-19 cricket team, was found dead at a hotel in south mumbai.
amitabh choudhary, joint secretary, bcci, said he sawant did not report for team activities in the morning.
people looking for him found him having passed away in his room, he added.
the reason for sawants death is unclear.
aap chief and delhi cm aap chief and delhi cm arvind kejriwal .
(file photo)election commission orders fir against arvind kejriwal for asking voters to accept bribe from bjp, congressthe election commission ordered the registration of an fir against aap national convenor arvind kejriwal for asking voters to take bribes from bjp and congress and vote for aap.
kejriwal reportedly made the remarks at an election rally in goa on january 8.
being chief minister of delhi and a star campaigner of aap in goa, he is expected to conduct in an exemplary manner in election campaigns in a law abiding manner so as to be a role model for others to emulate but he has on several occasions again violated provisions of mcc by breaking his assurance to ec, the poll panel said.
s m krishna s m krishnacongress doesnt need mass leaders, only managers: s m krishna on his resignationsm krishna, who served as the external affairs minister in the upa administration, has resigned from the congress.
he said the congress does not need mass leaders but managers.
the leader, who has also served in the capacity of the chief minister of karnataka, was reportedly miffed with the party leadership over his sidelining.
krishna, 85, had held a press conference on sunday when he made these remarks.
investment in public provident fund up to rs 1.
5 lakh would now be exempt from tax.
this was earlier pegged at rs 1 lakh.
salaried class has got something to cheer with finance minister arunjaitley on thursday raising tax exemption limit to rs 2.
5 lakh from rs 2 lakh, providing a relief of rs 5,000.
i propose not to make any changes in the tax rate.
however, with the view to provide relief to small and marginal and senior citizen, i propose to increase the personal income tax exemption limit by rs 50,000 from rs 2 lakh to rs 2.
50 lakh in case of all individual tax payer who are below the ago of 60 years, he said while presenting budget for 2014-15 in the parliament.
the proposal, according to an estimate, is likely to be benefit about 2 crore tax payers.
similarly, he raised tax exemption limit from rs 2.
5 lakh to rs 3 lakh in the case of senior citizens.
i do not propose to make any change in the rate of surcharge for either for corporates or individual.
the education cess for all tax payers shall continue at 3 per cent, he said.
thus, tax on income from rs 2.
5 lakh to rs 5 lakh is retained at 10 per cent, up to rs 10 lakh at 20 per cent and above 10 lakh at 30 per cent.
noting that households are main contributors to savings, he said the investment limit under 80 c has been raised to rs 1.
5 lakh from the existing rs 1 lakh to encourage savings.
investment in public provident fund up to rs 1.
5 lakh would now be exempt from tax.
this was earlier pegged at rs 1 lakh.
he also raised tax deduction limit on account of interest of housing loan in case of self occupied property to rs 2 lakh from rs 1.
5 lakh.
b'a third front of honest leaders is needed, the former union law minister said.
(file) a third front of honest leaders is needed, the former union law minister said.
(file)renowned lawyer ram jethmalani has called for formation of a third front led by west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee to oust prime minister narendra modi in the next lok sabha elections.
both congress and bjp governments have been deliberately apathetic to recovery of black money stashed in germany and other countries, jethmalani said, speaking to reporters in indore on sunday.
they have committed a joint crime of cheating people.
therefore, a third front of honest leaders is needed, the former union law minister said.
i want mamata banerjee to lead the third front to oust prime minister narendra modi in the next general elections.
mamata has the ability to be the prime minister, said jethmalani, a one-time modi supporter who later became the prime ministers bitter critic.
the senior lawyer also criticised finance minister arunjaitley and the nda government over their policy on black money.
the nda government has no right to stay in power, he said.
b'finance minister arunjaitley receives the pay panel report from justice a k mathur in new delhi on thursday.
(source: file photo/ pti) finance minister arunjaitley receives the pay panel report from justice a k mathur in new delhi on thursday.
(source: file photo/ pti)government today decided to set up a high-powered panel headed by cabinet secretary p k sinha to process the recommendations of the 7th pay commission which will have bearing on the remuneration of 47 lakh central government employees and 52 lakh pensioners.
the cabinet has approved the setting up of empowered committee of secretaries to process the recommendations of 7th pay commission in an overall perspective, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu told reporters here.
the implementation of the new pay scales is estimated to put an additional burden of rs 1.
02 lakh crore on the exchequer in 2016-17.
subject to acceptance by the government, they will take effect from january 1, 2016.
the empowered committee of secretaries will function as a screening committee to process the recommendations with regard to all relevant factors of the commission in an expeditious detailed and holistic fashion, an official statement said.
he had admitted however that the impact of implementing the recommendations, which will result in an additional annual burden of rs 1.
02 lakh crore on exchequer, would last for two to three years.
congress mp m veerappa moily speaks in the lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo / tv grab congress mp m veerappa moily speaks in the lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo / tv grabsenior congress mp veerappa moily claimed in lok sabha on wednesday that prime minister narendra modi had followed pakistan in implementing the demonetisation policy.
opening the discussion on the budget in the house, moily said the three reasons enumerated by modi for the move  fighting corruption, black money and fake currency  were the same as stated by pakistan when the neighbouring country took a similar decision in june 2015.
watch what else is making newsit dawned on the prime minister that pakistan has taken a right step.
lets follow it!
the former union minister said.
he said no other country had opted for demonetisation for these reasons.
the budget, too, failed to offer a solution to the problem of job losses in the unorganised sector as a direct fallout of demonetisation, he said.
taking on the bjp and the governments narrative  of labelling critics anti-nationals  moily said, people who oppose your policies are criminals, black marketeers and anti-nationals, while people who support your policies are called patriot.
claiming that the prime minister has shaken the trust of the people with his decision to scrap high-value notes, he said, and now you are not lifting the withdrawal curbs because you fear there will be a run on the banks.
the less-cash economy is a disaster.
i hope one day there will be an apology in parliament for the demonetisation move.
indira gandhi as prime minister had brought banking closer to the masses through bank nationalisation, whereas modi had taken banks away from the poor, moily said.
around 2 pm, when tdp mp jayadev galla was presenting his views on the budget, hukum dev narayan, who was in the chair, had to put proceedings on hold due to lack of quorum.
it resumed 10 minutes later as members starting trickling in.
galla, like most mps from nda allies, praised demonetisation and the merger of the railway budget with the general budget.
opposition members, however, pointed out the adverse impact of demonetisation and criticised the budget for its inadequate allocations despite claims made otherwise by finance minister arun jaitley.
jd(u) mp santosh kumar called demonetisation the governments attempts to recapitalise the npa-ridden banking sector.
you make a mistake and everyone has to suffer for 50 days, he said.
stating that the impact of demonetisation has been disastrous for the people, cpi(m) member p karunakaran said the resultant slowdown has hit gdp growth.
the house was adjourned with the days final speaker, bjp mp from uttar pradesh chhote lal, launching into a song on the economic growth due to reforms initiated by modi.
finance minister arunjaitley saturday said india is likely to retain its growth rate in the coming years, and that it will be one of the top three global economies in the world by 2031, with its gdp touching usd 10 trillion.
advertisingaddressing students at the shri ram college of commerces annual day, arunjaitley cited a study to say poverty will deplete over the years, and by 2024, the indian middle class would be four times the size of the bpl (below poverty line) category.
we keep oscillating between the fifth and the sixth largest (economy), depending on what the dollar rate at the time is we are in all probability likely to retain that rate of growth.
by 2024, we would probably be around usd 5 trillion, and by 2030 or 2031, about usd 10 trillion, said jaitley.
thats when we will be amongst the first three  us, china and india.
then of course, we will be in the rat race of the big three wanting to catch up with much mightier competitors.
so the sheer size and opportunity is going to expand, he said.
advertisingjaitley, who is an alumnus of the college, said that as per the 2011 census, 21.
9  of indias population was below the poverty line, but he assumes that it would have dropped to 17  today.
around 2021, it should be closer to about 15 .
its not impossible for it by 2024-25 to be in a single digit, and then as we grow faster, it will deplete much faster, he said, adding that by 2025, the middle class population would increase to 44  from 29  in 2015.
therefore, as you look ahead you would see poverty deplete, you will see an exponential growth of this middle class and probably by 2030, almost half of india would be in that category (middle class).
thats a hugely aspirational category which also has purchasing power, he said.
going by the data that ive been reading, in 2024, when the elections take place, the size of indias middle class would be four times more than the size of the bpl (category).
therefore, we have to see whether public discourse is still behind the curve or it takes the curve further, he said.
he said that in india, there were avenues of huge growth.
my suggestion to you would be  its a great opportunity, seize it.
for your generation more than anyone else, theres a huge space at the top, aim for that.
dont look at the crowding at the bottom.
that space is going to become much wider as india grows exponentially in the next two-three decades, he said.
b'the common man does not understand technical terms such as fiscal deficit, import and export, but only wants to know if inflation will come down or not after the budget, the party said.
(express photo/tashi tobgyal) the common man does not understand technical terms such as fiscal deficit, import and export, but only wants to know if inflation will come down or not after the budget, the party said.
(express photo/tashi tobgyal)the focus on the rural sector in budget 2018-19 was a clear indication that the bjp-led government was alarmed by the gujarat poll result and realised that the rural population was moving away from it, the shiv sena said on friday.
the saffron party, in an editorial in its mouthpiece saamana, also said finance minister arunjaitley had had merely repackaged old schemes as new in his budget presentation thursday.
the government, which came to power by selling dreams to the nation, has once again offered a maze of dreams to the people.
the budget presented by the finance minister consists of old dreams and old announcements.
it seemed that the fms speech was full of stress, the sena said.
in the last three-four years, the party added, indias economy had slowed down and the policies of the government had further crippled it.
this stress was visible in the budget speech, it said.
the common man does not understand technical terms such as fiscal deficit, import and export, but only wants to know if inflation will come down or not after the budget, the party said.
however, the word mehengai (inflation) was not even spoken about.
the previous congress-led government was defeated due to high inflation and people hoped the new government would make their lives better.
however, nothing as such has happened.
on top of it, after ruining the economy through demonetisation, the government has nothing left to offer to the people, it said.
the actual implementation of the budget would be a real test for the government, the sena said.
after the gujarat polls, the ruling dispensation realised that the rural population has started moving away from it.
it is clear that gujarat results set the alarm bells ringing for the government and therefore emphasis was given on the rural population in this budget, it said.
the bjp won the gujarat assembly polls with 99 seats, 16 less than 115 in the previous election.
the congress won 77 seats.
according to the budget, the government will spend rs 14.
34 lakh crore in rural areas in 2018-19 to generate employment of 321 crore person days and develop infrastructure.
while making the proposals in this years budget, the government was guided by its mission to strengthen agriculture and rural development besides other sectors of the countrys economy, arunjaitley stressed.
b'narendra modis trip to saarc will be a policy decision.
.
narendra modis trip to saarc will be a policy decision.
.
whether prime minister narendra modi will travel to pakistan to attend the saarc summit later this year will be a policy decision a call on which will be taken at the right time, government sources said tonight.
it is something on which we will take a call at the right time, they said.
there has been an escalation in war of words between india and pakistan over the ongoing unrest in kashmir and on wednesday india rejected islamabads proposal to hold foreign secretary-level talks on the issue.
the 19th saarc summit is scheduled to be held in islamabad in november.
asked whether finance minister arunjaitley will travel to pakistan to attend the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) finance ministers meeting, the sources said a decision on it has not been firmly made.
on reports that the prime minister may not travel to venezuela next month to attend the non-aligned movement (nam) summit, the sources said it has not been decided who will represent india at the conclave.
at the same time, they added there was no change in indias policy towards nam.
the last time an indian prime minister stayed away from attending nam was chaudhary charan singh in 1979.
asked about modis comments on situation in balochisthan, the sources said it was an expression of concern by the prime minister and did not come out of the blue.
they said the pm was troubled by the human rights violations and excesses done by pakistani army in balochistan.
questions like with whom india will coordinate and what new delhi was going to do in balochistan are premature and irrevalent, the sources said.
b'bangladesh protestsboth sangh parivar weeklies have carried reports that claim that the hindus are the scapegoats in the clashes between the patriots and the fundamentalists in bangladesh.
organiser points to the declining hindu minority population in bangladesh since 1947 to highlight that it is not the first time that the hindus have been at the receiving end for no fault of their own,and argues that atrocities by jamaat-e-islami activists have created a 1971-like situation in 2013 as far as violence against minorities goes.
while appearing sympathetic towards the clamour for punishing jamaat leaders,the reports describe the volatile situation in bangladesh as millions of freedom lovers pitching to free [bangladesh from all extremist and fundamentalist forces.
organiser suggests that india and bangladesh shun the cosmetic show of amity and friendship and join hands to ensure [the safe stay of hindus there.
panchjanya has also described how human rights activists have reported the violence against minorities in bangladesh to buttress its claim of atrocities committed against hindus by the fanatic elements affiliated to jamaat leaders there.
national council meetthe recent bjp conclave in the capital was prominently covered with full-page reports in both journals.
informing its readers that the bjp has sounded the bugle against the congress-led upa government with its three-day conclave,panchjanya called madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and gujarat cm narendra modi rising stars,declaring how their achievements are outdoing anyone from the congress camp.
organiser,in contrast,dwelt on bjp president rajnath singhs brainstorming speech but described modis argument that the nation is being sacrificed for one family as the loudest message bjp ought to send to the country.
the journals also highlighted the messages delivered by l.k. advani,sushma swaraj and arunjaitley during the meeting.
steel scamwhile both weeklies allege a scam in the implementation of farm loan waiver scheme,organisers cover story  a big expose  claims that a a maharatna [was killed by loot,asserting a rs 25,000 crore loss to sail.
according to the story,the current steel minister,beni prasad verma,has to explain,while his predecessors are also in the dock.
organiser alleges that a massive syndicate to generate slush funds still flourishes under [the new minister,beni prasad verma,and accuses the minister of siphoning off funds for rahul gandhis high decibel poll campaign.
it refers to one kolkata-based businessman as the principal operator during ram vilas paswans regime,as well as today.
in an accompanying report,organiser asserts a big scam in gua iron ore project.
both weeklies also claim that the congress feeds on farm suicides.
european union.
(representational image) european union.
(representational image)the european union today said it is ready to accommodate more indian it professionals and denounced any form of protectionism in global trade, amid anxiety in india over the trump administrations possible clampdown on h1b visa.
pushing for deeper trade ties with india, a delegation of european parliaments committee on foreign affairs also expressed regret over failure by both sides to resume the stalled dialogue to firm the long-pending eu-india trade and investment pact.
criticising the new us governments protectionist rhetoric which triggered fears in europe as well, head of the delegation david mcallister said europe is open for allowing more indian professionals who are high on demand.
watch video | india asked to extend trade pact with european union nations by 6 monthseurope is open for people with high demand.
indian people are highly skilled.
our it sector would not have been successful if we did not have skilled professionals from india, he said.
soon after taking over last month, trump had decided to overhaul the work visa programmes like the h-1b and l1, a move that will adversely hit the lifeline of indian tech firms and professionals in the us.
pressing for early resumption of negotiations for the eu -india broad-based trade and investment agreement (btia), mcallister said the delegation urged the indian leaders to resume the talks as the pact will significantly boost two-way trade.
we deeply regret that we are not being able to move ahead.
we will use the visit to call for resumption of talks for the agreement, he told reporters.
the eu delegation, the second one here, will hold talks with a number of union ministers, national security adviser ajit doval, the vice chairman of niti ayog arvind panagariya and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan among others.
an european parliament delegation for relations with india is also in the country and it had strongly sought resumption of talks for the trade pact during its meetings with finance minister arunjaitley and commerce minister nirmala sitharaman.
the btia talks have been stalled since may 2013, when both sides failed to bridge substantial gaps on crucial issues, including data security status for it sector.
launched in june 2007, negotiations for the proposed agreement have witnessed many hurdles as both the sides have major differences on crucial issues.
delegation member urmas paet said the eu would like to have the trade pact with india on the lines of the recently concluded eu-canada trade deal, which features a new mechanism on investment protection and dispute settlement.
india has already made it clear that it will not allow investment to become part of any global agreement that allows investors to challenge governments in an international tribunal.
in the eu-india summit in brussels last year, the two sides had failed to make any announcement on resumption of the negotiations as many bottlenecks still remain.
the two sides are yet to iron out issues related to tariff and movement of professionals but the eu has shown an inclination to restart talks.
besides demanding significant duty cuts in automobiles, the eu wants tax reduction in wines, spirits and dairy products, and a strong intellectual property regime.
vijay mallya arrest.
(express file photo) vijay mallya arrest.
(express file photo)industrialist and liquor baron vijay mallya, who has been declared a proclaimed offender, was tuesday arrested on an extradition warrant in london by the scotland yard.
the 61-year-old is wanted in several economic offences cases, including defaulting on loans worth crores of rupees.
he is expected to be produced before the magistrate court in westminster, according to tv reports.
vijay mallya arrest highlights:5: 40 pm: vijay mallya will be brought back to india, due process of law will be followed: santosh gangwar, mos finance was quoted as saying by ani.
5: 05 pm: after relentless campaign by congress, finally extradition request was submitted by govt in february, randeep surjewala was quoted as saying by ani.
4: 57 pm:usual indian media hype.
extradition hearing in court started today as expected.
vijay mallya (@thevijaymallya) april 18, 20174: 50 pm: #breaking | vijay mallya has been granted bail by london court, according to reports, as court proceedings will continue.
4:34 pm: reflecting on mallyas arrest, union minister jitendra singh described it as a big success of the government and the finance ministry, ani reported.
4: 30 pm: according to senior indian officials, the case will now involve a legal process in the uk to ascertain whether he can be extradited to india to face charges here, pti reported.
4: 28 pm: as per the extradition treaty between india and the uk on february 8, india had given a formal extradition request for mallya.
4:20 pm: here is the official statement from scotland yard on mallyas arrest: officers from the metropolitan polices extradition unit have this morning, tuesday 18 april arrested a man on an extradition warrant.
vijay mallya, 61 (18/12/1955), was arrested on behalf of the indian authorities in relation to accusations of fraud.
he was arrested after attending a central london police station, and will appear at westminster magistrates court later today, 18 april.
4:12 pm: following the arrest of mallya in london, the ministry of home affairs has directed cbi/ed to apply for his extradition in idbi bank loan fraud case, rahul tripathi reports.
4: 10 pm: according to reuters, london metropolitan police said the 61-year-old industrialist was arrested on behalf of indian authorities in relation to accusations of fraud.
4:00 pm: according to pti, mallya will be presented before westminster magistrates court in london later in the day.
backgroundearlier, the indian government had requested the theresa may-led government to extradite the embattled tycoon.
the request came when finance minister arunjaitley met the uk chancellor and others.
mallya had fled the country on march 2 last year and sought refuge in the united kingdom, after a lookout notice was issued against him.
his now-defunct kingfisher airlines owes more than rs 9,000 crore to various banks.
earlier this year, a cbi court had issued a non-bailable warrant against him in the rs 720-crore idbi bank loan default case.
b'the bjp has lined up its top leadership, including 45 union ministers and nearly a dozen senior leaders, to attend events across 29 districts in uttar pradesh as part of the nda governments second anniversary celebrations beginning with the prime ministers public meeting in saharanpur on may 26.
the politically crucial state goes to the assembly polls early next year.
the pm will address a meeting in saharanpur on thursday marking the beginning of a week-long vikas parv (development festival) to highlight his governments achievements during his two years in power, bjp state spokesman vijay bahadur pathak said in lucknow.
bjp president amit shah is also likely to address public meetings during the exercise that will go on till june 10.
watch | union minister sripad naik on cm candidate for goa bjpfinance minister arunjaitley will be in lucknow and road and highways minister nitin gadkari in kanpur, while newly-elected president of bcci and national president of bjps youth wing anurag thakur and hrd minister smriti irani will be in gorakhpur to participate in programmes on separate dates.
health minister j p nadda and labour minister bandaru dattatreya will be in varanasi, modis lok sabha constituency, while their ministerial colleagues harsimrat kaur and manoj sinha will visit agra.
according to bjp sources, the other leaders who are scheduled to attend events in up are: rural development minister chaudhary birender singh and former uttarakhand cm ramesh pokhriyal (bareilly), external affairs minister sushma swaraj and mos minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi (noida), urban development minister m venkaiah naidu and mos finance jayant sinha (allahabad), defence minister manohar parrikar and mos, social justice and empowerment vijay sampla (ghaziabad), railways minister suresh prabhu and mos, agriculture, sanjeev balyan (meerut), law minister dv sadananda gowda and mos, panchayati raj, nihalchand (aligarh), minority affairs minister najma heptulla (muzaffarnagar) and mos, ayush, sripad naik (bahraich).
watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionsunion ministers ravi shankar prasad (mathura), narendra singh tomar (etawah), krishna pal (badaun), ram vilas paswan and giriraj singh (rae bareli), jual oram and rajyavardhan singh rathore (mirzapur), radha mohan singh (jhansi), babul supriyo (deoria), thaawar chand gehlot (shahjahanpur) and mansukhbhai vasava (hardoi), radhakrishnan p (gorakhpur) will also address events.
riding on modi wave, bjp had swept the lok sabha polls in 2014 in the state despite being pushed to the margins by samajwadi party and bahujan samaj patry for much of the earlier 15 years.
the two regional outfits are perceived to have recovered much of the lost ground since the lok sabha polls, ensuring that the bjp has its task cut out as far as its return to power is concerned.
during vikas parv, the mps would participate in jan chaupal programmes up to block level and apprise people of the achievements and programmes of the centre, the spokesperson said, adding that party workers would also cover 20,000 gram sabhas which were left out during gram uday to bharat uday campaign in first phase.
pathak said it has been decided to constitute divisional and district level units between may 31 and june 7.
b'the sangh parivar is believed to have sent two intermediaries to swamy to request him not to go public with his differences with senior leaders in the bjp.
the sangh parivar is believed to have sent two intermediaries to swamy to request him not to go public with his differences with senior leaders in the bjp.
barely two months after he entered the rajya sabha, subramanian swamy has proved his critics right  his couldnt-care-less swipes at finance minister arunjaitley are proving more costly than what he had bargained for.
sources said that swamys caustic, even derogatory, tweets have eroded the support of the top bosses in the ruling dispensation and questions regarding his comments are even being raised within the rss.
swamys fall from grace was reflected in prime minister narendra modis remarks about vyavastha se upar kisi ko bolne ka haq nahi hai in his times now interview.
efforts to ensure that he tones down his attacks have not yielded results and the bjp leadership is determined to take disciplinary action if his twitter diatribe continues.
watch video: whats making newsalready, the bjp is distancing itself from swamy.
a ministership in the next cabinet expansion, which swamy hoped for, now seems more unlikely than ever.
the sangh parivar is believed to have sent two intermediaries to swamy to request him not to go public with his differences with senior leaders in the bjp.
they urged him to exercise patience, but they seem to have made little headway.
asked about swamy, a senior officer-bearer of the rss said that swamy and his activities could not be linked with rss.
he has never held any position inside rss.
nor he has been officially active in our social activities.
whatever is happening between him and the bjp is between them only, he said.
today swamy continued targeting ministry of finance, congress, robert and priyanka vadra and p. chidambaram.
many commented on his tweet on anchor arnab goswami who had interviewed the pm.
i would recommend arnab as media adviser to idi amin, he said.
in ie today shailaja bajpai has written witty op ed.
i would recommend arnab as media adviser to idi amin  subramanian swamy (@swamy39) june 30, 2016//platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsthe apprehension in the bjp camp is that it has no idea what swamys next tweet or statement will be.
top leaders are feeling vulnerable all the time which is not a situation that can be tolerated for long, said a leader.
senior leaders who are not so net savvy are heard asking younger leaders, whats the new tweet from swamy?
citing the example of ram jethmalani who was ousted by the party, a senior leader said: there is a general consensus that the party cant remain helpless and subject to the whims of one leader.
when asked about swamys tweets disregarding modis warning, a bjp leader said: swamy believes that after pm modi he is the most liked sangh parivar leader, this gives him super confidence.
he seriously believes that he knows how to fix economic problems of india and deserves a ministry.
swamy commented on non-performing assets of public banks saying business and finance newspapers confirm by way news that in effect my predictions about a banking crisis is imminent.
he has worked his way along the fault lines within bjp, too, by tweeting on sushma swaraj.
i was happy with the warm welcome given to me by eam sushma swaraj & mps across parties at the parliament committee meeting on ea ministry  subramanian swamy (@swamy39) june 30, 2016//platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsswamy said, i was happy with the warm welcome given to me by eam sushma swaraj & mps across parties at the parliament committee meeting on ea ministry.
swamy was unavailable for comment.
pakistans seriousness to act against proscribed terror outfits and its efforts to curb money laundering and terror financing were questioned by members of a regional affiliate of the financial action task force (fatf) at a meeting held in china, according to a media report.
advertisinga 10-member delegation, led by finance secretary mohammad younas dagha, attended the two-day meeting of the asia-pacific group (apg) of the paris-based fatf in the southern chinese city of guangzhou where it defended pakistans efforts against money laundering and terror financing.
according to a dawn report, some participants, particularly those from india, raised very tough questions about pakistans seriousness to act against proscribed organisations and effectiveness of internal controls.
advertisingthe apg will submit to the fatf its analysis of the compliance report submitted by pakistan at the meeting, which concluded yesterday, and the progress made since the groups on-site inspection in islamabad and karachi in march, the report said.
the apg report will become the basis for the fatf to decide whether to exclude pakistan from its grey list or not.
the delegation briefed the meeting about pakistans updated actions against currency smuggling, proscribed organisations and tightening of financial and corporate sector systems and operational effectiveness, the report said.
giving examples of the measures taken by it, pakistan cited arrests of key operatives of some proscribed outfits, putting more such groups and their affiliates in the list of banned outfits, blocking their accounts and financial flows and taking control of their assets.
in march, bowing down to international pressure, pakistan launched a major crackdown on jaish-e-mohammad, jamat-ud-dawa, falah-i-insaniyat foundation and other banned outfits and took over the control of their assets throughout the country.
the pakistan delegation said the country was very close to accomplish the milestones set under the fatf action plan well before the september deadline.
it also said the government recently revised its national risk assessment of the corporate sector, strengthened customs procedures on borders and inland movement of funds and assets.
besides, internal control of the banking and non-banking financial institutions, insurance companies and stock exchanges has been strengthened to curb the possibility of money laundering and terror financing.
the delegation cited the creation of a specialised directorate of cross-border currency movement (cbcm) in islamabad to maintain a database of currency seizures.
the apg had earlier flashed contradictory situations and poor coordination among stakeholders, including law enforcement agencies, in fighting money laundering and terror financing in pakistan.
advertisinglast month, it expressed serious reservations over insufficient physical actions on ground against proscribed organisations to block flow of funds and activities.
b'chief minister mamata banerjee.
chief minister mamata banerjee.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee handed over to prime minister narendra modi no less than 30 letters during their meeting in delhi on wednesday, detailing the different ways in which the state government felt shortchanged by the centres unilateral undermining of federalism, said sources.
banerjee, who visited the capital earlier this week, also met finance minister arunjaitley , bihar chief minister nitish kumar, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and leaders from different non-congress, non-bjp parties.
after her meeting with modi, banerjee said that the union government should formulate a plan to restructure debt and warned that otherwise all states in the country would become heavily debt-ridden.
speaking to the indian express, banerjee said, the centre-state relationship is a mutual, reciprocal one, based on cooperation.
decisions cant be imposed unilaterally.
the centre should build consensus through dialogue.
democracy is based on dialogue.
what the centre is doing now is not democracy.
rather, it is unilateral autocracy.
according to sources, the meeting with modi not only focused on debt but also on different ways in which banerjee felt that the federal structure of the country was being undermined by an increasingly centrist nda government.
each of these issues, pertaining to different ministries and issues ranging from debt restructuring and education policy to developmental initiatives, have been dealt with in the letters submitted by banerjee.
for instance, in a letter pertaining to the centre urging the west bengal government to join its uday scheme, which aims to revive debt-stressed power distribution companies, banerjee explained the reasons behind the states refusal to sign an mou.
signing the mou, said government officials, would lead to frequent power hikes and billing even the poorest of customers.
banerjee, said sources, made a plea to allow the west bengal state electricity distribution company limited (wbsedcl) to continue servicing debt following the proposed restructuring.
watch video: whats making newsin delhi, she also met with key members of what is being projected as a possible federal front in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
she met kejriwal for tea at his residence on thursday and later hosted nitish kumar for dinner.
mamata banerjee was urged by both leaders to continue working on a possible federal front.
in the future, there will be further meetings with leaders from different states along those lines.
non-bjp states have realised that the centres actions negatively affect them, and they are all looking for a platform, said sources.
banerjee is also planning to host a tea party for different members of the possible federal front, where she would invite key leaders from different regional parties, including sharad pawar and mayawati, said sources.
the issues raised in her letters are likely to resonate with different regional leaders, said officials.
for instance, another issue raised by her, on the delay in disbursal of funds by the centre, impacts all states, said officials.
in a letter, banerjee spoke about the disbursal of funds for reconstruction work in the state after the floods in 2015  she had written to modi last year, demanding rs 21,000 crore for relief work.
banerjee pointed out in the letter that the state received only a fraction of the amount.
the money came months after the actual flood and that, too, while elections were ongoing because of which it couldnt be put to use immediately.
as a result, governance in the state suffered.
why should there be such discrepancy?
when tamil nadu had floods, they received the assistance within days, said an official.
other issues raised by banerjee in her letters include the appointment of the chairman of the calcutta port trust and the chairman of the damodar valley corporation (dvc), which involves west bengal, jharkhand and bihar.
sources said the appointment by the centre without any consultation with west bengal, where the dvc is headquartered, was another instance of the weakening of the federal structure.
b'finance minister arunjaitley outside parliament on wednesday.
(express photo/praveen jain) finance minister arunjaitley outside parliament on wednesday.
(express photo/praveen jain)the lok sabha on wednesday passed finance bill approving the budget for the fiscal year beginning april 1.
applying the guillotine process, the bill was passed without any discussion as the opposition continued to disrupt the proceedings for the eighth day.
the guillotine process allows for a vote on outstanding demands for grants, whether discussed or not, once the time frame allotted for the discussion is over due to ongoing political issues.
finance minister arunjaitley moved the finance bill 2018, which contains taxation proposals of his fifth and final budget, as well as the appropriation bill that details spendings in various departments, amid protests by opposition which continued sloganeering in the house.
the bills were then passed by voice vote.
opposition parties protested the move since the session is to continue till april 6.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar had said the government has been making efforts to run the house for the past one-and-a-half week and is ready to discuss any issue, but since the proceedings have remained disrupted, the key money bills should be taken up at noon.
agreeing with the view, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan took up the bills at noon instead of 5 pm.
she also voiced unhappiness over stalling of house proceedings adding that urgent legislative business cannot be further delayed.
with the passage of the finance bill and the appropriation bill, the budget exercise is complete in the lower house.
technically, the two bills also have to go to rajya sabha but since they are money bill they would be considered approved if the upper house of parliament does not return them within 14 days.
the opposition has an upper hand in the rajya sabha.
the passing of budget is necessary since its failure would mean the government cannot spend a single penny on its functioning.
b'samajwadi party candidate for rajya sabha jaya bachchan filing her nomination at state assembly in lucknow on friday.
(source: express photo by vishal srivastav) samajwadi party candidate for rajya sabha jaya bachchan filing her nomination at state assembly in lucknow on friday.
(source: express photo by vishal srivastav)samajwadi party candidate jaya bachchan on friday filed nomination for rajya sabha from uttar pradesh at the state assembly in lucknow in presence of sahara group chairman subrata roy and party mp and former state chief minister akhilesh yadavs wife dimple yadav.
the 69-year-old actor-politician has been a samajwadi party member in the rajya sabha since 2004, for three terms.
her rajya sabha term ends in april.
meanwhile, finance minister arunjaitley , whose rajya sabha term from gujarat is coming to an end, will also contest elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh, according to an announcement made by the bharatiya janata party (bjp)s central election committee on thursday.
the committee also said that law minister ravi shankar prasad will be contesting from bihar, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan will stand from madhya pradesh, and hrd minister prakash javadekar will contest from maharashtra.
while pradhan is currently a member from bihar, javadekar is from madhya pradesh.
the bjp is expected to increase its strength as 58 seats are going for elections on march 23.
bjps impressive performance in the past two years would have a favourable impact on the party.
the current strength of the bjp in the 239-member house is 58 and the nda has 82.
the number of seats falling vacant are  uttar pradesh(10), maharashtra and bihar (6 each), west bengal and madhya pradesh (5 each), karnataka and gujarat (4 each), andhra pradesh, telangana, odisha and rajasthan (3 each), jharkhand( 2) and chhattisgarh, haryana, himachal and uttarakhand (1 each).
union finance minister and senior bjp leader arun jaitley.
(source: pti photo) union finance minister and senior bjp leader arun jaitley.
currency note printing presses of reserve bank of india as well as security printing and minting corporation of india ltd (spmcil) have worked without a break to remonetise by issuing new bank notes, he said.
speaking at the 11th foundation day function of spmcil here, he said the easiest task during demonetisation was to pass comments and make snide remarks.
but the toughest work is to implement it.
this is perhaps the biggest demonetisation drive in the world that was aimed at striking at the very root of corruption, black money and counterfeit currency, he said.
stating that people often commented that it may take up to one year or at least seven months to restore normalcy, he said the task has been achieved within few weeks.
normalcy has been restored within few weeks and there is no shortage (of bank notes) in market for even a day, he said.
and this has been achieved without a single incident of unrest anywhere in the country, he said adding this was possible because of exemplary work done by printing presses of rbi and spmcil who kept the supply line going.
for long you have worked for 24 hours, without break and to complete it with efficiency, he told spmcil employees gathered on the occasion.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said spmcil fulfils a sovereign function by printing currency notes, minting coins and printing non judicial papers and stamps.
during the last one year and especially during the demonetisation period, each and every employee of spmcil has risen to the occasion to meet the requirement of printing of new currency notes, he said.
spmcil initially ran two shifts, each with longer duration, he said.
but as we went into the process of remonetisation, during the months of november and december, spmcil was able to run 247, three shifts a day.
the total quantum of notes which were printed during those days rose exponentially, that helped the government in the process of demonetisation, he said.
to give pace to remonetisation, spmcil airlifted currency notes from its presses at nasik and devas to places like kolkata, guwahati, chandigarh, delhi and lucknow, he said.
spmcil has become debt-free.
this also is an opportunity for the company to leverage this status and look at modernisation of old equipment (and) to increase productivity by replacement of old equipments, he added.
the government had on november 8, 2016, announced demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes valued at rs 15.
45 lakh crore or about 86 per cent of the currency in circulation.
it has replaced them with new currency notes of 500 and 2000 rupee denominations.
b'congress vice-president rahul gandhi with sanjay nirupam during his padyatrain mumbai on saturday.
ganesh shirsekar congress vice-president rahul gandhi with sanjay nirupam during his padyatrain mumbai on saturday.
ganesh shirsekarcongress vice-president rahul gandhi said on saturday that the gst bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with congress support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party.
he was speaking to students of nmims, a mumbai-based management institute.
in reply to a students question, he said: we dont want a gst bill where there is no cap on taxes.
we want a limitation on the maximum tax people can be charged with.
at the core of the dispute between the ruling party and the principal opposition party is not just the demand for a constitutional cap on the gst median rate, as it is called, but also two other conditions put forward by the congress.
the congress has demanded withdrawal of an additional one per cent tax on inter-state movement of goods, which has been proposed to provide comfort to manufacturing states that fear a loss of revenue.
the party has also demanded a dispute resolution panel headed by a supreme court judge.
the gst bill has been approved by lok sabha, but is stuck in rajya sabha, where the ruling bjp does not have a majority.
stating that the gst legislation was conceptualised by his party, rahul said: for seven years, arunjaitley didnt allow it to pass.
the current prime minister, when he was chief minister, too, didnt allow it to pass.
the bjp blocked everything.
it has never been the strategy of the congress to block parliament.
referring to media reports that said arunjaitley had a discussion with the him on the bill, rahul said the finance minister had come to invite him for his daughters wedding.
when he came to see me, he told me that gst is good.
jaitley doesnt have to tell me that.
i know it is good, he said.
this government doesnt believe in a conversation, he said, adding that a compromise on gst was possible.
it is sitting on the table.
but the government is not taking it, he said.
he said that work is yet to begin on the necessary infrastructure that can make gst work.
some of the issues being raised by the congress were clearly an afterthought, he had said, while indicating that the government would try and secure the support of regional parties to get the bill approved in parliament.
the congress has hit back, pointing out that some of its concerns were reflected in the report of chief economic advisor arvind subramanian on gst.
the congress has hit back, pointing out that some of its concerns were reflected in the report of chief economic advisor arvind subramanian on gst.
b'swamy posted this tweet: bjp should direct our ministers to wear traditional and modernised indian clothes while abroad.
in coat and tie they look like waiters.
(source: express file photo) swamy posted this tweet: bjp should direct our ministers to wear traditional and modernised indian clothes while abroad.
in coat and tie they look like waiters.
(source: express file photo)senior bjp leaders indicated friday that the party was upset with its rajya sabha mp subramanian swamy and that action could be taken against him if he did not stop his attacks on finance minister arunjaitley and senior bureaucrats.
the leaders said that swamy had overstepped the limits of decency while weakening the foundations of the government with his public criticism, including what could be construed as personal attacks against jaitley.
on friday, swamy posted this tweet: bjp should direct our ministers to wear traditional and modernised indian clothes while abroad.
in coat and tie they look like waiters.
while he didnt name any minister, the tweet came within minutes of tv channels beaming images of arunjaitley wearing a coat and tie, meeting officials and business delegates in beijing while on an official visit.
i speak to prime minister and the (bjp) party president when required.
sources in the party, including those who work closely with the rss, said that swamys diatribe against arunjaitley , chief economic advisor arvind subramanian and economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das did not have the sanghs backing.
the bjp is wedded to a certain culture of discipline.
you cannot make public statements like this.
you cant go after ministers like this, said a senior party leader.
at least three bjp general secretaries favoured a strong reaction from the top leadership against swamy, who has continued to target arunjaitley in his tweets.
a day after arunjaitley tweeted in defence of bureaucrats in the finance ministry who were targeted by swamy, the rajya sabha mp responded in a tweet: people giving me unasked for advice of discipline and restraint dont realise that if i disregard discipline there would be a bloodbath.
reacting to these attacks, a senior bjp leader said he was pained.
we can post tweets criticising him, too.
but one cannot stoop to that level.
we can no longer say that these are his personal views and that the party has distanced itself from him, said the leader.
his actions are beyond comprehension.
the party leadership should warn him strongly, said another bjp leader.
the party should stand by its senior leaders.
he (swamy) has to be reined in because the partys image is taking a beating, said a third leader.
swamy had last week claimed credit for rbi governor raghuram rajans announcement that he would leave the job in september, after levelling various allegations against him, including tweets saying he was unfit for the job and was mentally not fully indian.
he then turned against subramanian and das demanding their sacking from the government.
a senior bjp leader said swamys criticism against rajan was well taken because many in the party and the rss felt that the rbi chiefs public statements on the economy was being seen as a criticism of the narendra modi government.
but the same leader was critical of swamys continuing statements questioning the integrity of senior government functionaries.
if he has direct access to the prime minister, he could give his suggestions to him?
why should he tweet about them?
, the leader said.
party leaders said swamy was nominated to the rajya sabha recently because of the rss.
the sangh brought him in for a certain role which he has played effectively since 2004.
swamy, who was the chief of janata party, merged his party with the bjp in august 2013.
the opposition congress, meanwhile, took a swipe at the ruling party on swamys comments.
one could have laughed it off except for the fact it is having a tremendous impactthere is a crisis on with the brexit vote today.
in that view, we need an united leadership of the finance ministry.
but it is a comedy theatre going on and the prime minister is not able to control swamy, said senior congress leader prithviraj chavan.
lpg distributors across punjab are up in arms against the income tax department, which has asked them to submit month-by-month sale/purchase details for the post-november 8 demonetisation months, along with details for the same months of 2015-16.
distributors say the department has hardly them given any time to arrange the required documentation.
they have also alleged that under all this exercise of the it department, they are being forced to contribute to the pardhanmantri garib kalyan yojna (pmgky), which began on december 17 last year and will remain open until march 31.
those declaring unaccounted cash under this scheme will be levied a charge amounting to 50 per cent of the value of the deposit as tax, surcharge and penalty.
in addition, 25 per cent of the amount will go into the non-interest paying pradhan mantri garib kalyan deposit scheme for a period of four years.
the all india lpg distributors federations punjab unit has passed a resolution against the i-t notice and have also written to the union finance minister arunjaitley , demanding an end to harassment in the name of pmgky.
the federation said that in the weeks after demonestisation, lpg distributors had helped the government tide over the currency shortage by continuing to supply cylinders against old currency notes as per the directions of government.
the gas agencies were asked by the government to accept old currency for selling cylinders till december 15, 2016, so that people did not face harassment.
as per the i-t notice (a copy of which is with with the indian express), the dealers have been asked to appear in i-t offices along with a large list of documents, including month-wise comparison of the total sale/purchase from september 2015 to december 2015 (cash/credit) for the financial year 2015-16 vis a vis september 2016 to december 2016.
they have also been asked to submit month-wise comparison of the stock, purchase and sale bills, balance sheets for the same period, and details of the bank accounts.
we have already provided the details of 2015-16 financial year to the department and now again we are being asked to go through a huge exercise, which is quite cumbersome, said all india lpg gas distributors federations punjab unit chief amrik singh chawla.
chawla said dealers had already provided the information to the joint secretary of department of economic affairs recently and even i-t department had all the details of their bank accounts.
if anybody is at fault and had not declared actual income, that dealer should be penalized, but not every dealer, said another federation official.
there are 400 distributors across the state and each of them deals with 15,000 to 16,000 households.
the official said they were given just a day or two to appear with all the documents and that the notices stated they could leave the i-t office on the day of their summons without permission of officials.
also, they were threatened with a penalty of rs 10,000 for each discrepancy found in the papers they submitted.
chawla said around 10 distributors from malwa had reported to the federation that they had contributed 3 to 5 per cent of their total sale in pmkgy scheme to escape this harassment.
i-t officials said they were not forcing anyone but merely following rules in asking those who had not declared their actual income to evade tax to deposit the money in the announced pmkgy scheme.
b'beijing: finance minister arunjaitley meeting chairman bank of china, tian guoli in beijing on thursday.
pti photo beijing: finance minister arunjaitley meeting chairman bank of china, tian guoli in beijing on thursday.
pti photofinance minister arunjaitley today began his five-day china visit by meeting top chinese bankers and wealth fund managers pitching for more investments in indias infrastructure sector.
soon after his arrival in beijing, arunjaitley met bank of china chairman tian guoli and addressed a closed roundtable meeting of heads of sovereign wealth funds, institutional investors and banks.
the finance minister will address business forum invest in india on june 24, in which several chinese businessmen and heads of state-run firms are expected to take part.
on june 25, arunjaitley will attend the board governors meeting of the asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib) in which india is the second largest investor after china.
the beijing-based aiib was officially established late last year.
watch video: whats making newsthe bank has authorised capital of usd 100 billion.
china is the largest shareholder with 26.
06 per cent voting shares.
india is the second largest shareholder with 7.
5 per cent followed by russia 5.
93 per cent and germany 4.
5 per cent.
in all, 57 countries have joined as founding members of the bank, which is expected to announce the first set of loans in various countries.
on sunday, he would take part in a seminar discussion infrastructure and global economic growth along with chinese finance minister lou jiwei, pierre egide gramegna, minister of finance, luxembourg, imad najib fakhoury, minister of planning and international cooperation, jordan, jin liqun, aiib president, chris heathcote, ceo, global infrastructure hub.
the aiib is also hosting a seminar on financing green infrastructure: the role of the multilateral development banks in which kv kamath, president, new development bank of the brics countries and arundhati bhattacharya, chairperson of the state bank of india are due to participate.
jaitley will meet his counterpart lou jiwei on june 27.
officials said india-china financial dialogue at the level of secretaries which was due to be held on june 27 has been postponed to july.
the postponement has been necessitated because of inability of indias economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das to travel to beijing for the meeting.
das was asked to stay back in delhi in view of the voting on brexit which is taking place today to decide whether britain should stay in the european union or not which will have implications for india.
fresh dates for the financial dialogue at the level of secretaries in july are being worked out.
the two countries have so for had seven rounds of financial dialogue at the level of finance secretaries, the last being in new delhi in 2014.
b'aseemanand, one of the five acquitted monday.
(file photo) aseemanand, one of the five acquitted monday.
(file photo)beleaguered by the not-so-rosy picture on the economic front, intensifying dalit protests and sporadic farmers unrest across the country, and struggling to regain its dominance in the perception battle, the bjp has decided to use the 2007 mecca masjid blast verdict as a key election issue to consolidate its support base among the majority community, according to senior party leaders.
the partys campaign in karnataka in the coming days will highlight the anti-hindu stance of the main opposition congress party, sources said.
the bjp is gearing up to take on the congress as its main rival in karnataka, which goes to the polls on may 12, and in madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh and rajasthan, all of which will face elections later this year.
according to a source in the party, the bjp will ensure that words such as saffron terror and hindu terror - which the party alleges the congress had used during the upa regime, and which the latter denies - haunt the congress in the forthcoming state elections, and in 2019 lok sabha polls.
the party will use it (congresss alleged anti-hindu stance) very aggressively, a party leader said.
hours after an nia court in hyderabad acquitted hindutva activist aseemanand and four others in mecca masjid case on monday, the bjp had called a press conference and launched a scathing attack on the congress.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra alleged that the opposition party had defamed hindus for votes, and sought an apology from congress leaders for using terms such as saffron terrorand hindu terror.
senior congress leader p lpunia said that neither congress president rahul gandhi nor the party has ever used the words saffron terror.
on tuesday, patra addressed the media and again sought an apology from rahul and sonia gandhi for defaming hindus globally.
he also cited a telegram, which he said is sourced from wikileaks, to drive home his point.
if congress considers india to be its own, then sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi must apologise to the whole country for defaming the great hindu religion by trying to prove that there was something called saffron terror, patra said.
he showed copies of the telegram sourced from wikileaks, quoting a conversation between then us ambassador and rahul gandhi when the congress-led upa was in power.
according to the transcript of the conversation, rahul had purportedly said that saffron terror was a bigger threat than the lashkar-e-taiba.
the congress countered the bjp raking up alleged wikileak revelations about finance minister arun jaitley.
addressing the media, congress spokesperson jaiveer shergill referred to reports that arunjaitley had met robert blake, charge daffaires at the us embassy in india, on may 6, 2005, during which he told the us diplomat that hindu nationalism was an opportunistic issue for the bjp.
quoting the leaked cable, shergill said arunjaitley had also agreed with blakes point that narendra modi was a polarising personality.
showing greater contribution to budget making exercise, women officers account for 41 per cent of senior level personnel involved in the process this year and are handling 52 per cent of the overall budget-related work of the government.
according to sources, out of 34 financial advisors in the rank of additional secretary and joint secretary attached with various central ministries and departments, 14 are women officers.
these women officers handle 52 per cent of budget related work of the government.
watch what else is in the newsfinancial advisors in crucial ministries like finance, health and family welfare, hrd, youth, skill development and sports have contributed heavily to the pre-budget exercise.
also officers from ministries of aviation, urban development, chemical and fertiliser, coal and mines, post, deity, social justice, department of science and industrial research have participated in the exercise.
these advisors are tasked with the primary responsibility of pre-budget exercise in various ministries.
the union budget will be presented in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley on february 1.
the pre-budget consultation of finance ministry with various ministries and government departments had begun around mid-november.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photo finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photothe governments decision to amend the tax treaty with mauritius, which from april 1 2017, will allow india to tax capitals gains arising from the sale of shares of an indian resident company, is welcome.
under the original bilateral agreement between the two nations, capital gains from the sale of securities can only be taxed in mauritius.
however, the gains from the sale of shares held for less than 12 months are treated as short-term capital gains within india and attract a 15 per cent short-term capital gains tax.
this has created an anomaly, thanks to a double taxation avoidance agreement with mauritius, that meant business entities operating out of mauritius escaped even paying short-term capital gains tax on share transfers.
this has been exploited even by domestic indian investors, who have resorted to routing their equity investments via mauritius to avoid the tax liability at home.
under the amended treaty, the government has provided a level playing field for domestic and foreign investors, and the incentive for an indian investor to channel investments via mauritius has been neutralised.
in fact, the amended tax regime will also apply to capital gains of singapore-based companies, due to the direct linkage of the singapore double taxation avoidance agreement (dtaa) clause with the mauritius dtaa.
these two locations account for roughly two-thirds of all investments, using p-notes, into india.
p-notes are financial instruments used by overseas investors who wish to invest in indias capital markets without registering themselves with the securities and exchange board of india.
the governments move coincides with the global outrage against tax avoidance in the wake of the panama papers revelations.
with the tax arbitrage possibility doused, it can be expected that foreign portfolio investment data would improve in quality as it is likely to reflect faith in the strength of indias macroeconomic fundamentals.
notably, instead of a sudden and retrospective change, the government has chosen to give ample time for all investors to adjust.
the amended tax provisions will come into effect 11 months later and existing investors, who acquire shares before april 1 2017 will not be taxed.
further, firms in mauritius and singapore will be taxed at a concessional rate for the first two years, until march 31 2019, to help them transition to the new regime.
this amendment follows on finance minister arunjaitley 2016-17 budget announcement on implementation of the general anti-avoidance rules (gaar) from april 1 2017.
these rules are intended to check tax avoidance for investments by entities based mainly in overseas tax havens.
overall, the tax amendment will improve transparency, shore up revenues and reduce tax evasion in the long term.
aap national treasurer raghav chadha sunday wrote to the home ministry seeking appropriate action against people who allegedly threatened top aap leaders during a court hearing on saturday.
the alleged incident took place saturday during the hearing of a defamation case filed by union minister arunjaitley against top aap leaders, including delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
the whole incident reveals a very serious threat to the life of the accused in the case and if this kind of incident can take place within the precincts of a temple of justice, it reflects the poor condition of law and order in the city, which is the responsibility of the delhi police that comes under the administrative control of the union home minister, chadha wrote.
understandably the accused, including myself, are alarmed and in a state of shock, the letter stated.
he claimed that the people, who threatened the aap leaders, were not acting unilaterally but with the tacit blessings of his political mastersthe aap leader wrote that such actions amounted to criminal intimidation.
he alleged that it was part of a well-orchestrated stratagem to harass, coerce and pressurise the accused and prevent them from defending themselvesthe letter stated, if acts of this nature go unaddressed and people are permitted to make a mockery of the legal process, it portends a very ominous state of affairs for the common residents of the national capital.
the group expressed concern that security forces and public officials remain largely unaccountable for serious human rights abuses.
the group expressed concern that security forces and public officials remain largely unaccountable for serious human rights abuses.
ahead of indias quadrennial review by the uns human rights body, a rights group has said the international community should call on india to stop targeting ngos for criticising the government and demanded action for prosecuting vigilante attacks on minorities.
the un human rights council will conduct its third review of indias human rights record under the universal periodic review (upr) procedure on may 4 in geneva.
ahead of this, a submission by the human rights watch (hrw) highlighted the indian governments abuse of overly broad laws to clamp down on ngos and on the right to freedom of expression.
the un review comes at a time when freedom, long-cherished in india are seriously being challenged and critics are increasingly under attack, said meenakshi ganguly, south asia director at human rights watch.
un member countries should raise alarm bells that indias proud history of respect for peaceful dissent crucial for protecting the poor and vulnerable is at real risk, ganguly said.
the global rights group said un member countries should, as a matter of urgency, flag concerns over the arbitrary use of the foreign contribution regulation act (fcra) to restrict foreign funding for ngos, which a un special rapporteur concluded was not in conformity with international law, principles, and standards.
in october 2016, the government refused to allow foreign funding for at least 25 ngos, including several human rights groups and those defending the rights of the most marginalised.
he had said that fcra guidelines require ngos, which get funding through a particular mechanism, to use the funds for that particular purpose only.
however, data has been released as to the extent of how many organisations did not follow that process, he had said.
peaceful critics of the government have been charged with serious crimes such as sedition.
there have been numerous incidents of violence against members of dalit, muslim, tribal, and christian communities, it said, adding that hindu vigilante groups have killed at least 10 muslims in separate incidents across the country since 2015 over suspicions that they killed, sold, or bought cows for beef.
churches were attacked in several states in 2015.
india likes to point to its courts as the ultimate defender of human rights in the country, but the government has often ignored judicial orders for police reform or security force accountability, ganguly said.
un member countries should impress upon india that it should treat the un review as an opportunity for honest reflection and to carve a way forward, he said.
the rights group noted that since its last review in 2012, the indian government has taken some positive steps, including amending its criminal laws to strengthen legal response to sexual assault against women and enacting new laws to protect rights, including to prosecute child sex abuse and to end the degrading and inhuman practice of manual scavenging, the cleaning of human excreta by hand.
the group expressed concern that security forces and public officials remain largely unaccountable for serious human rights abuses.
the universal periodic review (upr) is a unique mechanism of the human rights council (hrc) aimed at improving the human rights situation on the ground of each of the 193 un member states.
b'the former india cricket opener claimed that the party had asked him to stay away from punjab, which was impossible for him to obey.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) the former india cricket opener claimed that the party had asked him to stay away from punjab, which was impossible for him to obey.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)breaking his silence after a week, cricketer-turned-politician navjot singh sidhu on monday said he resigned as a rajya sabha member since his party, the bjp, asked him to not even look in the direction of punjab, and to stay away from the state.
speaking to the media outside his residence at the commonwealth games village in the national capital, sidhu, however, avoided a direct answer when asked about rumours that he would join the aam aadmi party (aap) as its chief minister candidate for the punjab assembly elections, scheduled early next year.
he also side-stepped questions on quitting bjp.
the nation (read punjab) is the biggest religion of all.
how can i leave my roots and my nation?
how can i leave my people who have made me win (lok sabha) elections in the last 10 years, asked sidhu, making clear his displeasure against the bjp.
the former india cricket opener, who represented amritsar lok sabha constituency between 2004 and 2014, claimed that the party had asked him to stay away from punjab, which was impossible for him to obey.
even the birds come back to their nests in the evening.
how can i leave my nation?
no party in this world is above punjab.
i am ready to bear the loss, said sidhu, known for his dramatic speech and style of presentation as a cricket commentator and tv show host.
watch video: whats making newswithout naming finance minister arunjaitley , sidhu hinted that the party did not give him a ticket from amritsar seat in 2014, expecting it was a safe seat for arunjaitley to win.
in the event, arunjaitley , who has never won a political election, lost to congresss capt amarinder singh, a former punjab chief minister.
jab modi-sahab ki wave aayi toh virodhi to doobe, sidhu ko bhi dubo dia (when the modi wave came, bjps opponents were swept away, and it made sidhu drown as well), he said.
instead of amritsar, navjot singh sidhu claimed, he was given the choice to stand from either kurukshetra, in haryana, or west delhi.
i did not leave my roots.
i opted not to contest.
(but) even today you (bjp) ask me to leave punjab.
what is my fault, he asked.
stating that he had contested his first election from amritsar on the request of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee, the former rs member said, this is not about personal gain or loss.
had this (shuffling him out before the polls) happened for the first time, even then it was unacceptable.
but this has been done to me three or four times.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders were today put on trial in a criminal defamation case filed by union minister arunjaitley in the ddca controversy, amid chaotic scenes in a court room.
advocates from both the sides indulged in a heated argument over non-appearance of arunjaitley after chief metropolitan magistrate (cmm) sumit dass started the proceedings.
the accused, including kejriwal, who were present before the court complained of serious threat after which the judge asked all the persons to go outside the court room, barring those who were concerned with the case.
the cmm framed notice against kejriwal and other aap leadersashutosh, kumar vishwas, sanjay singh, raghav chaddha and deepak bajpai after they pleaded not guilty and claimed trial.
earlier, on january 30, the court had dismissed kejriwals plea seeking to be heard on point of framing of notice.
jaitley had filed the complaint alleging that the accused had defamed him in a controversy regarding delhi and district cricket association (ddca) when he headed for over a decade.
a civil defamation suit has also been filed by arunjaitley before the delhi high court in the matter seeking rs 10 crore as damages.
b'baba ramdev baba ramdevbaba ramdev was not active during the uttar pradesh and uttarakhand polls claiming to be on a maun vrat, but according to the political grapevine, the yoga guru did not want to campaign against a fellow yadav in up.
ramdev also nurses a grievance that the bjp government has not rewarded him suitably for his extensive campaigning in 2014.
ramdev has opened a seven-star ayurvedic spa, niramayam, on a 1,000-acre spread in haridwar.
the luxurious spa has a swimming pool, ayurvedic treatment centre and other facilities for alternative medicine.
two bedroom villas are priced as high as rs 50,000 a night, though there are also ordinary rooms available for rs 2,500.
the spa was inaugurated by finance minister arunjaitley , who got slightly injured when he tripped trying to board the swamis helicopter.
bill pendingself-proclaimed whiz-kid pollster prashant kishor now has a problem collecting his dues for the large army of workers he retained during the assembly polls.
the congress may eventually agree to pay its share of 60 per cent of the bill for up, but akhilesh yadavs samajwadi party is adamant that it is not going to cough up the remaining 40 per cent.
akhilesh feels pk did more harm than good.
goaing gonedigvijaya singh flew to panjim fully expecting the congress to form the government.
but there was a hitch.
congress legislators could not agree on who should be the leader; three former cms had staked their claim to the post.
singh landed in goa around 11 am and sent a request to meet governor mridula sinha at 1 pm.
but the appointment had to be changed to 2 pm, then 3 pm, and then 4 pm.
each postponement was because of the failure to elect a leader in time.
rahul gandhi in faraway delhi declined to take a tough line and announce the leader.
meanwhile, nitin gadkari flew down and found complete unanimity among the bjp mlas and even the goa forward party for manohar parrikar to be brought back as chief minister.
singh realised belatedly that the ground was slipping from under the congresss feet when gfp leader vijai sardesai did not respond to his call.
even churchill alemao of the ncp got fed up waiting for the congress to make up its mind and indicated to his party leaders that he had no option but to support the bjp.
as a desperate ploy to demonstrate to the court that the party had indeed staked a claim, a letter asking for an appointment with the governor was thrown over the raj bhavan compound wall in the middle of the night.
even in this letter the leaders name was not mentioned.
the next morning the bjp paraded 22 mlas in front of the governor to prove its majority.
not empty-handedbefore the uttar pradesh elections, akhilesh yadav had accused amar singh of trying to create a rift between his father and himself.
mulayam singh yadav, however, continued to be loyal to amar singh and insisted that singh remained his friend, even as akhilesh wanted to remove him from the party.
with the elections over, singh has emerged squarely on the side of the bjp and has disassociated himself not just from akhilesh but also from mulayam.
singh seems to have got the better of the yadav parivar, retaining his rajya sabha seat and other assets.
silence at statueduring the past six months tmc chief mamata banerjee has kept her mps in delhi on their toes, with one protest after another against the modi government.
from the beginning of the year, tmc mps have staged a series of dharnas at gandhijis statue in the parliament compound.
the protest issues have ranged from demonetisation to cbi raids on tmc mps.
but since the uttar pradesh results, there has been no word from the bengal cm to her flock in delhi.
in fact a message has been conveyed that there is no need to create a ruckus in parliament or outside.
poor judgementbjp leaders have questioned how a large section of the media could have got the outcome of the up assembly polls so wrong.
the misinformation was particularly glaring during the first phase of the polling.
it was claimed by the media, pollsters and the satta market that the first phase of the campaign in western uttar pradesh had gone badly for the bjp.
in fact, as it turned out, the bjp had its best performance in western uttar pradesh, the jat heartland, with a successful strike rate of 88 per cent.
b'finance minister arunjaitley outlined the economic agenda of the ruling narendra modi-led government in his third budget presented in the lok sabha monday.
the budget was considered by many experts as being pro-poor and focusing extensively on the farming sector.
jaitley also reiterated a forecast that india would grow by 7.
6 percent in the fiscal year that is drawing to a close.
he said the government wanted to spread the benefits of growth more widely among indias 1.
3 billion people, but that he would stick to the governments existing fiscal deficit target for the coming year.
however, the markets have not been enthused with the budget, dropping several points in the course of jaitleys speech.
b'finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleyex-servicemen seeking changes in the governments one rank one pension (orop) scheme, on sunday, staged a protest outside the official residence of finance minister arunjaitley in delhi, alleging that he failed to respond to concerns raised by them during an earlier meeting.
this is the second time in two weeks the veterans have staged demonstrations outside the ministers official residence.
we had staged protest outside the ministers residenceon january 3.
at that time, he had assured us he will speak to defence minister (manohar parrikar) over our demands.
he had said he would get back to us within a week.
but its two weeks now that he has not responded.
what kind of finance minister he is if he can not keep his word?
said group captain (retd) vk gandhi.
gandhi, general secretary of indian ex-servicemen movement, said the veterans will continue with their protest until arunjaitley or parrikar holds parleys with them.
either of the ministers will have to come and speak to us.
we will not move an inch from here until then.
if they dont want to give us actual orop, they should clarify so to us.
why lie?
he said, reiterating that the government notification has flaws and was unacceptable.
around 200 ex-servicemen including major general satbir singh, who has been spearheading the protest, have been demonstrating outside jaitleys residence, gandhi added.
party president amit shah will be in hyderabad and senior ministers like in kolkata south, bengaluru (rural) and nizamabad, during this period and hold a number of public events.
party president amit shah will be in hyderabad and senior ministers like in kolkata south, bengaluru (rural) and nizamabad, during this period and hold a number of public events.
over 120 lok sabha constituencies, where the bjp had lost in the last polls but sees as winnable in the next, will be at the centre of its eight-day drive between april 6 and 14 with a host of senior party leaders scheduled to visit these areas.
party president amit shah will be in hyderabad and senior ministers like rajnath singh, arunjaitley and nitin gadkari in kolkata south, bengaluru (rural) and nizamabad, respectively during this period and hold a number of public events.
most of the union ministers will be visiting states and constituencies which the partys top brass has identified as winnable and party mps will also visit one seat each where it had lost as part of its efforts to boost its chances there in 2019.
the move underlines the bjps aggressive attempts to win over new territories.
its decision to hold its two-day national executive in odisha for the first time in 20 years is also being seen as a move in this direction after it put up an impressive show in the recent local body polls there.
prime minister narendra modi had identified a long to-do list for the party in his address to its mps.
while april 6 is the partys foundation day, april 14 is the birth anniversary of dalit icon bhim rao ambedkar.
we will inform the masses about the central governments achievements, the gst legislation and our win in the recent assembly polls, party general secretary bhupender yadav said.
yadav, who is in charge of party affairs in bihar, will be visiting madhepura, a stronghold of the lalu prasad-led rjd.
he said bhim app, a digital payment interface, will also be popularised by party leaders and workers who will also undertake cleanliness drives.
union ministers j p nadda, smriti irani and v k singh will be visiting thrissur, amethi and rae bareli  the last two being parliamentary constituencies of congress vice president rahul gandhi and its chief sonia gandhi.
kerala, another state where the party believes it has prospects, will see visits by several ministers, besides west bengal.
its general secretary anil jain and union minister ram kripal yadav will travel to ferozabad and mainpuri, two samajwadi party bastions in uttar pradesh.
after taking over as the bjp chief, shah had begun work on boosting its strength in a number of states, including odisha, west bengal, kerala and those in the northeast, as he identified them as places where it can win many more seats in 2019.
a better performance in these states can make up for the losses it may suffer in states like uttar pradesh, madhya pradesh, gujarat, maharashtra and rajasthan where it is likely to find it hard to repeat its 2014 feat.
the bill will provide a short window to overseas asset holders to declare their wealth, pay taxes and penalties to escape punitive action.
the government is likely to table in the lok sabha tomorrow a bill to make non-disclosure of overseas income and assets a predicate offence that will attract punitive action including upto a 10-year jail term.
the bill will provide a short window to overseas asset holders to declare their wealth, pay taxes and penalties to escape punitive action.
the undisclosed foreign income and assets (imposition of new tax) bill, 2015, according to finance ministry sources, will be tabled on friday the last day of the first leg of the budget session of parliament.
the first leg will end tomorrow unless extended.
after being tabled, the bill could be referred to the parliamentary committee for scrutiny before being taken up for passage.
earlier this week, the cabinet approved the bill which provides for a maximum of 10 years rigorous imprisonment for offenders who conceal income and assets and indulge in evasion in relation to foreign assets.
under the provisions of the new bill, the offence will be non-compoundable and the offenders will not be permitted to approach the settlement commission for resolution of disputes.
there will also be a penalty at the rate of 300 per cent of taxes on the concealed income and assets.
the income tax assesses, who have overseas assets, will get a one-time opportunity for declaring them.
the time-frame of the short window will be notified after the passage of the bill.
according to sources, the window will be for a few months.
the proposal to come out with a new law on the black money was mooted by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech.
the bill seeks to make non-filing of income tax returns or filing of returns with inadequate disclosure of foreign assets liable for prosecution with punishment of rigorous imprisonment of up to 7 years.
concealment of income and assets and tax evasion in relation to foreign assets will be prosecutable with punishment of rigorous imprisonment upto 10 years, as per provisions of the bill.
the government has been under pressure to act on the issue of blackmoney stashed abroad as the bjp had mounted a huge campaign during the lok sabha polls last year with an assurance to quickly repatriate such illegal wealth.
concealment of income or tax evasion in relation to a foreign asset will be made predicate offence under the (prevention of money laundering act) pmla, enabling enforcement agencies to attach and confiscate such assets.
the proposed new legislation will provide that income in relation to any undisclosed foreign asset or undisclosed income from any foreign asset will be taxable at the maximum marginal rate.
exemptions or deductions, which may otherwise be applicable in such cases, shall not be allowed.
beneficial owner or beneficiary of foreign assets will be mandatorily required to file returns, even if there is no taxable income, says the bill.
date of opening of foreign account would be mandatorily required to be specified by the assessee in the return of income.
the centre on tuesday decided to release rs 6,320 crore to the assam government towards oil royalty for the period 2008-14, with chief minister sarbananda sonowal describing this as a significant gesture of the centre towards the state.
the strong leadership of prime minister narendra modi and his keen interest to bolster development of assam and northeastern region has enabled the state to get its dues (oil royalty), which has long been ignored by the previous congress-led upa government, said sonowal, who met union finance minister arunjaitley and petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and other central ministers in new delhi on monday and tuesday.
watch what else is making newsthanking modi, sonowal said the centres decision to release the sum would augur well for spearheading a new paradigm of development in the state.
the royalty, which assam has been demanding for a long time, would also bring back the confidence of the people and revive the growth cycle, he said.
a statement issued by the cms office said that as per the ministry of petroleum and natural gas, the difference in royalty to be paid by ongc and oil in respect of the assam government was about rs 1,350 crore and rs 4,970 crore respectively.
the total amount rs 6,320 thus accrued as oil royalty from 2008 to 2014 would be paid to the assam government in three installments, it said.
(source: pti file)both the hyderabad central university (hcu) and jnu events were ultra-left movements also involving a small section of jehadis, finance minister arunjaitley contended on sunday.
in the case of jnu, the predominant section of those involved in the agitation was ultra-left barring a small section of jehadis, who had their faces masked during a demonstration on the campus on feb 9 in which anti-national slogans were raised, he said.
he drew satisfaction from the fact that religious and minority groups and their leaders across the country had not participated in the debate set off by the events in the two universities.
the moderate left and the congress had got trapped into what was otherwise a movement of the ultra-left, the minister said, adding that the bjp had therefore taken it as an ideological challenge.
the bjp had won the first round of this ideological debate in the sense that everybody had to come at least close to the position we were taking.
asked if he expected more rounds in the debate, the bjp leader said that it was not a battle his party had started.
we are not raising the debate to this extent (of further rounds) but if somebody against starts the whole idea, then the debate will certainly carry on.
this was an ideological positioning and we have made our point.
on this battle i dont think we can lose.
jaitley said they took it as an ideological challenge and whether for posturing or otherwise, as the core debate proceeded.
at least they were pushed into this position (to say jai hind instead of bharat mata ki jai).
i am quite happy and satisfied that they were pushed into this position.
answering questions, arunjaitley saw no contradiction between the governments agenda of development and the debate over nationalism.
i think there is a section in this country, however small, which does not find this discourse very fascinating.
so it wants to divert the issue.
it is not compulsory in this country to raise a slogan (of bharat mata ki jai).
but it became an issue only when somebody said i take objection and i will not raise it, he said in an apparent reference to a declaration made by majlis mp asaduddin owaisi.
that is a matter of individual culpability.
whether he is technically liable, what sections should he be prosecuted for and whether he should be prosecuted or not.
i do not want to prejudice the trial even against him or for that matter anybody else.
there are slogans being raised that this country will be broken up by jung (war).
we will break up this country by jung.
and an individual goes and participates in this unlawful assembly where this resolve is being made.
so whether he is legally liable or not, is a question which courts will have to look into, he said.
in parliament i had said there are two types of peopleone who think first and then act and the other who act first and then think.
congress leaders first took the step.
they went and joined and preached that this break up of this country slogan is free speech and we have come here to defend this free speech.
the minister contended that the overwhelming majority of this country has disapproved of the very character of the anti-india slogans.
he said he was personally in favour of radical romancing in universities in which one says something not very responsible out of extra enthusiasm which after 10 years he realises that it was not the most sensible thing to do.
you can give a licence for that.
but i think having said that somehow to speak in terms of desh ki barbadi, desh ke tukde, tukde, i think this crossed all limits, he said.
jaitley cautioned that mainstream parties have to take a certain level of positioning on key issues but cannot take fringe positions.
you cant take fringe positioning.
mainstream doesnt behave like a fringe, he said, adding in the few states left with the congress, it does not seem to be doing well.
this figure is not huge or large, but even if you find solitary ones conventionally, these kind of people who used to make these comments were ignored by the print media.
the conventional media used to ignore them.
today, television has built its programming around it.
television also relished these out of the ordinary characters, he said.
he lamented that even when good debates take place in parliament the members do not get the incentive of participating in them as anyone who says something outlandish hits the headlines.
asked if there was a need to review or do away with the sedition law, the union minister said its language may require some changes and cited an example from its provisions saying, i am willing to live with criticism of the government or disaffection against the government.
but i am still not willing to live with disaffection towards the nation.
on whether government was thinking of doing away with the sedition law, he refused to dwell further, saying it was not his subject.
aicc general secretary ghulam nabi azad.
(file photo) aicc general secretary ghulam nabi azad.
(file photo)the congress on saturday accused the centre of backstabbing farmers by talking about levying tax on their agricultural income.
leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said the proposal has exposed the bjps hidden anti-farmer mindset.
he said both niti aayog member bibek debroy and chief economic adviser (cea) arvind subramanian has spoken of taxing farm income, and that rbi governor urjit patel had earlier called farm loan waivers as a bad idea, as it undermines credit discipline.
azad said all this talk was aimed at testing the waters and creating an environment to impose tax on farm income.
the complete apathy and insensitivity of the government, which is trying to impose tax on farmers through the backdoor is exposed by the fact that while finance minister arunjaitley tried to contradict debroys proposal, the cea wholeheartedly supported taxing farmers, azad said.
subramanian had argued that states which have the option to levy the tax should make a distinction between rich and poor farmers.
azad said farmers pay a lot of indirect taxes including, in the form of excise duty and vat on diesel.
on the justice s n dhingra report on alleged irregularities in allotment of land licences in gurgaon, azad said, whatever commission it may be, all these commissions (and) inquiries are political vendetta of worst order.
whatever is legally possible, we will definitely fight.
he said the congress has been in government for decades together but has never victimised its opponents, or supporters of bjp leaders.
b'the government said in the lok sabha on tuesday that the un arbitration tribunals order allowing an italian marine to return home from india pending proceedings in a murder case had affirmed the authority of the supreme courts and not questioned it.
the two italian marines are accused of killing two fishermen off the kerala coast four years ago.
the congress staged a walkout as the party was not allowed to seek clarifications over finance minister arunjaitley statement on behalf of external affairs minister sushma swaraj.
jaitley said the tribunal had confirmed italys obligation to return sergeant girone to india in case indias jurisdiction over him was established.
the tribunal has also left it to the supreme court to fix precise conditions for his bail.
we see the tribunals order not just as a recognition of indias consistent positions and key arguments but also as an affirmation of the authority of the supreme court of india, he said.
the minister pointed out that the issue of jurisdiction, which was at the heart of the case, was yet to be even argued before the tribunal and the limited relief given on humanitarian considerations had been made contingent on the clear-cut undertakings given by italy that girone will return to india in case its jurisdiction was established.
watch indian express videos herehe said, the tribunal noted that while italy had earlier made a far-reaching request that, if granted, would have removed sergeant girone entirely from the reach of indias legal system, this time italy was only requesting india to relax the bail conditions to enable him to return to italy.
in doing so, italy was prepared to accept that he remained under the jurisdiction of the courts in india.
in essence, they proposed to change the physical location of sergeant girones bail without prejudice to the authority of indias courts.
mahesh sharma told the indian express, we have been getting representations from many social and religious organisations in this regard and have been working towards this for some time.
(express photo by praveen jain/file) mahesh sharma told the indian express, we have been getting representations from many social and religious organisations in this regard and have been working towards this for some time.
(express photo by praveen jain/file)the centre on friday announced a scheme to reimburse its share of gst on raw material used to prepare meals in community kitchens run by religious organisations, such as langar.
the scheme, called seva bhoj yojna, has an outlay of rs 325 crore for financial years 2018-19 and 2019-20, according to a statement by the ministry of culture.
union culture minister mahesh sharma told the indian express, we have been getting representations from many social and religious organisations in this regard and have been working towards this for some time.
the scheme envisages reimbursement of the centres share of cgst and igst on purchase of raw items such as ghee, edible oil, atta/maida/rava/flour, rice, pulses, sugar and jaggery, which go into preparation of prasad or langar offered free of cost by religious institutions.
the objective of the scheme is to lessen the financial burden of such charitable or religious institutions who provide food free of cost without any discrimination to public/ devotees, said the statement.
the scheme applies to only those charitable or religious institutions  temple, gurdwara, mosque, church, dharmik ashram, dargah, math and monasteries  that have been in existence for at least five years, and who serve free food to at least 5,000 people a month.
a month ago, sad leader and union minister harsimrat kaur badal had written to the prime minister for waiver of gst on ingredients used for langar in gurdwaras.
in her letter, badal had stated that golden temple in amritsar runs the worlds largest mega kitchen, offering free meals throughout the year to lakhs of people, the donation for which comes from humble offerings of devotees.
it was reported that between july 2017 and january 31, 2018, after gst came into force, golden temple shelled out rs 2 crore as gst for purchasing rations for langar.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar had also written to finance minister arunjaitley , who is also chairman of the gst council, seeking exemption on inputs for langar saying that even though food served through a langar is not taxable under gst, some significant inputs like sugar, ghee, edible oil, spices etc are taxable.
under the new scheme, the ministry of culture will register the eligible charitable religious institutions for a time period ending with the tenure of the finance commission, and subsequently, registration may be renewed, subject to performance evaluation of the institutions.
the details of registered institutions will be available on an online portal.
the bjp adopted the black money issue as one of its poll planks in the run-up to the lok sabha elections, promising to bring back the money from foreign banks.
prime minister narendra modi is learnt to have told his union council of ministers on monday that the government would disclose some names of those under probe for allegedly stashing black money abroad, to the supreme court when it reconvenes after the diwali break.
kuch naam batayenge (we will reveal some names), modi told his ministers at an hour-long pre-diwali dinner he hosted on monday, a day after the partys electoral victory in maharashtra and haryana.
the bjp adopted the black money issue as one of its poll planks in the run-up to the lok sabha elections, promising to bring back the money from foreign banks.
but last week, the government told the supreme court that sovereign treaties stopped it from acting in the matter.
jaitleys remarks came after a high-level delegation returned from switzerland after holding talks with officials there on the 700-odd indians who have accounts with the hsbc bank in geneva.
this list had been available to india by french authorities.
meanwhile, anant geete, the lone shiv sena representative in the union cabinet, also attended the dinner on monday amid talks that the bjp is in discussions with the sena for forming the government in maharashtra.
b'chief minister kejriwal in new delhi, monday.
(express photo by: praveen khanna) chief minister kejriwal in new delhi, monday.
(express photo by: praveen khanna)the chairman of the committee set up by the delhi government to probe irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association (ddca), chetan b sanghi, has told the union home secretary that there was a lot of pressure from various stakeholders and a considerable emphasis on naminga certain vip.
the committee, set up in november last year, submitted its report in three days.
it was on the basis of this report that the government appointed a commission of inquiry, headed by former solicitor-general and senior advocate gopal subramanium to investigate alleged financial irregularities in the ddca.
in december, the aap blamed finance minister arunjaitley , who was ddca president till 2013, for the alleged irregularities, following which he filed a defamation case against chief minister arvind kejriwal and other aap leaders.
in a letter to union home secretary rajiv mehrishi on december 28, sanghi made a request for central deputation and also brought up issued connected to the ddca.
there was a lot of pressure from various stakeholders since the subject was very controversial.
there were a lot of yesteryear cricket luminaries who were very vocal about the alleged mismanagement in ddca.
there was an impending cricket test match with south africa in the first week of december, he wrote.
chetan sanghi, a principal secretary in the vigilance department, who is now on leave, has written about the alleged pressure in a letter to union home secretary rajiv mehrishi.
(source: file) chetan sanghi, a principal secretary in the vigilance department, who is now on leave, has written about the alleged pressure in a letter to union home secretary rajiv mehrishi.
(source: file)the media speculation was also rife with various angles to the issue.
the complaints were pouring thick and fast and many of these were from important people and had allegations by name.
there was considerable emphasis on naming who were at fault and in particular a certain vip.
but since the formal mandate was not to do so, a very tight rope walk was taken.
the short time frame of three days also didnt particularly help matters, sanghi wrote.
asked about sanghis claims and his request for central deputation, delhi transport minister gopal rai said, why is the official writing to union home secretary?
we have formed an inquiry commission.
anyone with complaints should approach the commission.
sanghi, a 1988-batch agmut cadre, also detailed two anti-corruption branch (acb) probes against him in the letter to mehrishi.
the cases were connected to his earlier stints as the cmd of the delhi state industrial and infrastructure development corporation between 2010 and 2012.
promptly there were allegations in the media by political parties that these actions are on account of vendetta.
i am not personally aware about the cause of these actions but have been distraught by the same, sanghi said in the letter.
the letter, with the subject line, representation for deputation, also said, this is to bring to your kind notice certain developments that have taken place recently i.
e after my posting with the delhi administration and seek your kind indulgence.
after serving as the chief secretary in puducherry, sanghi was transferred to the delhi government as principal secretary urban development with additional charge of public works, industries and vigilance departments.
b'demanding the resignations of both prime minister manmohan singh and law minister ashwani kumar over the governments alleged interference in the cbis status report on the coal blocks controversy,the bjp continued to disrupt both houses of parliament on tuesday.
as reported by the indian express,the law minister and officials of the prime ministers office (pmo) are reported to have vetted the cbis status report.
dismissing the bjps demand for the pms resignation,congress president sonia gandhi,while speaking to the media,retorted: let them ask.
the bjp immediately hit out at her for her arrogant response.
i am not surprised by sonia gandhis reaction.
when it is an issue of cover-up,the upa chairperson would be happy that the cbi has been brought under control, said leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arun jaitley.
the stand-off between the two parties on this issue,coupled with the alleged attempt to blame the atal bihari vajpayee government in the jpcs draft report on the 2g scam,threatens to wash out the remaining part of the budget session.
bjp leaders asserted today that confrontation is inevitable unless references to vajpayee are removed from the jpc report.
earlier in the day,the bjp parliamentary party passed a resolution seeking the resignations of singh and kumar.
the prime ministers office and the law minister have blatantly interfered in the functioning of the cbi while investigating the coal block allocation scam.
the upa government first indulges in corruption and then subverts institutions to suppress the truth.
it stands exposed before the country.
the bjp demands that the prime minister and the law minister resign immediately, it said.
the bjp said the government should present the full facts  the original cbi affidavit,revised affidavit and the exchange of emails between pmo officials,the law ministry and cbi.
men can lie,but circumstances do not lie.
the original cbi status report,the doctored cbi status report and there must be lots of e-mail exchanges between the law ministry and cbi,or between pmo and cbi place them before the supreme court.
we do not want interpretation by the cbi or the government.
let documents speak for themselves, said jaitley.
the bjp is not willing to cooperate with the government on carrying out legislative business till references to the vajpayee regime are dropped from the jpcs draft report.
at the party meeting today,yashwant singh accused the upa of committing a sin by accusing his government of causing loss to the public exchequer through his governments telecom policy.
this government was already engaged in corruption and its cover-up.
now it has committed a sin and we must not become a party to it.
we should not cooperate with them on any issue in parliament, sinha is reported to have said.
bjp parliamentary party chairman l k advani also expressed his disappointment with the industry and the media for not criticising the attempt to blame the vajpayee government.
the bjp also rubbished jpc chairman p c chackos claim that vajpayee was not named in the report,pointing out that the references to the then prime minister was sufficient to defame him.
the party has decided to rally together other non-upa parties to reject the jpcs draft report at the meeting scheduled on april 25.
b'finance minister arunjaitley intention to stick to the fiscal consolidation roadmap rather than any growth-boosting stimulus may have allayed concerns about the centres resolve on fiscal discipline, but the poor quality of consolidation has come in for fire from analysts.
the red flags include the fact that more than half the consolidation has been attributed to come in from divestment or telecom spectrum sales  which does not increase the pool of savings for private sector and thereby inhibits growth.
then there are added concerns over the budget math, which assumes a highly optimistic revenue expectation and points to an impending need for the government to cut capital expenditure if it has to stay on the fiscal consolidation path.
for instance, one of the key numbers to come under the scanner is the assumption of a 11 per cent growth in the nominal gross domestic product for 2016-17, especially in light of the declining inflation trend and real gdp growth unlikely to be much higher than this fiscal.
despite any signs of an uptick, the budget has assumed a 11.
2 per cent include in net tax revenues in 2016-17, compared with a modest 4.
9 per cent growth in the current year.
share this article related article fiscal consolidation: new realities demand revised goalsheetsfiscal consolidation: new realities demand revised goalsheets cea: budget pushes growth agenda, fiscal consolidationcea: budget pushes growth agenda, fiscal consolidation after a roller coaster ride, economy at inflection pointpushing back expenditure contains fiscal deficit at 4.
6 pushing back expenditure contains fiscal deficit at 4.
6  pc pledges to cut fiscal deficitpc pledges to cut fiscal deficit p chidambaram vows to slash fiscal deficitubs india head of research gautam chhaochharia, in a market view, has noted that the seventh central pay commission (cpc) appears to have only partially been provisioned for in the budget.
the budget cut fiscal deficit to 3.
5 per cent of gdp, sticking to its fiscal consolidation roadmap rather than any growth-boosting stimulus.
however the consolidation is of poor quality, in our view, he said.
it points to capital expenditure being budgeted to decline as a share of gdp.
the centres stance suggests that states may also be forced to stick to their fiscal limits, which implies deterioration in their quality of spending too, given cpc-linked increases in pay is a bigger issue for them.
domestic rating agencies have pointed to the need for the centre to deliver on the fiscal targets before it can expect the rbi to cut rates.
a closer look at the budget math indicates that the revenue expectation is highly optimistic and for the government to stay on the fiscal consolidation path, it will have to cut capital expenditure, india ratings said in a statement.
rating agency icra has raised question marks over the 14.
2 per cent revenue growth target assumed in the budget, which subsumes an 18.
1 per cent growth in income tax, 12.
2 per cent growth in excise duty and a whopping 76.
67 per cent growth in non-tax revenue from the forthcoming spectrum sales.
it said a substantial portion increase in the plan outlay will be funded through extra budgetary sources, including institutional finance and market borrowings to be raised by nhai and railways.
even though borrowing is lower in fy17, this will push up bond yields and crowd out the private sector, it warned.
the supreme court.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) the supreme court.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)the supreme court on monday stayed proceedings in delhi and mumbai high courts on matters relating to imposition of goods and service tax (gst) on sanitary napkins.
the sc said it would examine the case and see if all the matters pertaining to it should be heard by the apex court itself, news agency ani reported.
as of now, 12 per cent gst is levied on sanitary napkins.
a plea filed by a phd student in jnu, zarmina israr khan, in the delhi high court last year had termed the tax on the napkins illegal and unconstitutional.
goods such as kajal, kumkum, bindis, sindoor, alta, plastic and glass bangles, hearing aids, passenger baggage, puja necessities of all kinds, and all types of contraceptives had been exempted from the tax slab by the government but sanitary napkins, necessary for the womens health, were not given a second thought, the plea states.
the delhi high court had then sought an explanation from the centre on the same.
have you discussed it with the ministry of women and child development before doing it or have you just looked at the import and export duty.
this has to be done while keeping in view the larger concern, the bench had observed.
the court had also expressed displeasure over the fact that the gst council did not have even one single female member.
the government had in july last year rolled out the tax reform under which certain items, some termed essential, were exempted from the tax slab.
the government had come under fire for not exempting sanitary napkins from gst slabs.
a gst council headed by finance minister arunjaitley has been reviewing policies under the new tax regime.
b'subramanian swamy, on wednesday that he would like arvind subramanian to be sacked as he badmouthed india in the international arena.
subramanian swamy, on wednesday that he would like arvind subramanian to be sacked as he badmouthed india in the international arena.
attempting to corner the government over bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader subramanian swamys remarks on chief economic advisor (cea) arvind subramanian, congress leader pramod tiwari on thursday said swamys criticism proves that the nda governments economic policies have been a failure.
swamy earlier said that he wants arvind subramanian to be sacked, as he had badmouthed india in the international arena and had also encouraged the grand old party to become rigid on their gst bill clauses.
subramanian swamys remarks on economic advisor arvind subramanian makes two things clear.
he said the setbacks in the economy is because of these people.
this proves that governments economic policies have been a failure.
subramanian swamy has accepted it, tiwari told ani.
watch video: whats making newshe is pointing fingers at pmos economic advisor.
he should prove it, it is a serious allegation, he added.
further taking a dig at the government, tiwari asked, who is countrys finance minister, arunjaitley or subramanian swamy?
union finance minister arunjaitley had yesterday backed arvind subramanian and said that the government has full confidence in the chief economic advisor.
jaitley, at a press briefing, said the bjp does not share swamys views, adding that the chief economic advisors advise to the government in economic matters have been of great value.
earlier in the day, swamy had launched a scathing attack on arvind in a series of tweets.
who said to us cong on 13/3/13 the us should act against india to defend us pharmaceuticals interests?
arvind subramanian mof!
!
sack him!
!
!
guess who encouraged congi to become rigid on gst clauses ?
jaitelys economic adviser arvind subramanian of washington dc, he tweeted.
speaking to ani here after he tweeted against arvind, swamy reiterated his salvo he had used against rbi chief raghuram rajan, saying that the cea was a green card holder and was probably not an indian citizen.
mallikarjun kharge.
mallikarjun kharge.
congress members in the lok sabha today targeted finance minister arunjaitley and pressed for a privilege motion against him over the lokpal issue.
congress leader mallikarjun kharge and another party member k c venugopal raised the issue of privilege notice moved by the latter against arunjaitley and pressed speaker sumitra mahajan to take a decision.
the speaker said she will come back to them after kharge wondered why are you avoiding it?
it is beyond privilege, he said.
jaitley was present in the house but did not speak.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said both the congress leaders are well-versed with the rules governing privilege notices.
in due course it will be taken up.
finance minister arunjaitley (express photo by renuka puri) finance minister arunjaitley (express photo by renuka puri)in a move criticised by the opposition as unprecedented, finance minister arunjaitley proposed amendments to 40 laws tuesday, incorporating them in the finance bill moved for consideration in lok sabha.
the proposed changes include bringing down the cap on cash transaction to rs 2 lakh from rs 3 lakh, making aadhaar mandatory for filing tax returns and allowing cheque-only contributions for electoral bonds.
the tmc, the bjd and the rsp alleged the government was tagging non-tax bills with the finance bill for a backdoor entry to classify them as money bills, which dont require the approval of rajya sabha.
if the existing 40 acts are to be amended, they have to come with a separate legislation it is a backdoor legislation; it is absolutely a backdoor legislation, said the rsps n k premachandran.
this has never been heard in the history of indian legislative mechanism.
speaker sumitra mahajan overruled the objections, saying rules permit non-taxation proposals to be included in the finance bill.
jailtey said the amendments were all incidental provisions to the finance bill and relate to budget announcements like combining some tribunals and creating uniform service conditions.
jaitley noted the oppositions argument was that it is only taxation proposals and nothing else, which is incidental, really can find a place as far as the money bill is concerned.
describing an amendment to several tribunals, he said, 40 may sound very large  is there is only one amendment which says there will be uniformity in service conditions and the pay structure of all those retired judges who are being appointed in all these tribunals.
he said this constitutes a money bill as it relates to government expenditure.
premachandran said when the original bill was presented on february 1, only eight to 10 acts were proposed to be amended.
he said the rules say the finance bill is to give effect to financial proposals of the government for the next financial year whereas these amendments would have permanent impact.
it is being bulldozed if you conduct the house like this, then there is no need for the monsoon and the winter sessions standing committee can be curtailed.
he asked, how can the issue of electoral bonds come under the finance bill?
jaitley said electoral bonds have been proposed for cleansing political funding.
saugata roy of the tmc argued the speaker should not allow the minister to go ahead.
let the finance bill consist of only the taxation proposals.
let us pass it without much ado, and let us keep the other bills in limbo.
there is a long session ahead, and let the finance minister bring those bills later.
deepender hooda of the congress said the government should have brought a separate bill on transparency in electoral funding as an amendment to the rbi act was consequential and not incidental.
your aim was to bring transparency in electoral funding.
.
a separate transparency in electoral funding bill should have been brought.
b'there will be no serious affect on indian economy because one man, however powerful, however influential, however great, cannot have an impact on an economy as big and complex as india, said cii president naushad forbes.
(pti photo) there will be no serious affect on indian economy because one man, however powerful, however influential, however great, cannot have an impact on an economy as big and complex as india, said cii president naushad forbes.
(pti photo)industry expects the government to soon name a strong successor to rbi governor raghuram rajan, confederation of indian industry (cii) president naushad forbes said on thursday while ruling out any serious impact on the economy and investor sentiment in view of his exit in september.
he also said that in order to build a dynamic and entrepreneurial economy, one should be welcoming of talent from all over the world.
cii is confident the government will appoint a strong successor to rajan, he added.
when asked whether rajans decision not to seek another term would impact investment sentiments in india, he said economic opportunities drives investment sentiments and the india story for economic opportunity is very robust.
i do not think, it will have any impact on investment sentiments.
investors are much more concerned about economic opportunity, forbes told pti in an interview.
watch video: whats making newsthere will be no serious affect on indian economy because one person, one man, however powerful, however influential, however great, cannot have an impact on an economy as big and complex as india, he said.
forbes added: we look for an early announcement because it will just remove one bit of doubt and uncertainty.
on june 18, buffeted by political attacks, including by bjp mp subramanian swamy, coupled with unending speculation over his continuance, rajan had said no to a second term  a surprise decision the industry and opposition parties termed as a loss.
replying to a question about political commentary on rajans exit, forbes said: we should not attack people personally.
we should not make allegations about patriotism.
all of this is unacceptable and i think the prime minister has made that amply clear i think its just a standard behavior that we should all adhere to.
find out more: rbi governor raghuram rajans exit  final leg  stories, pictures, videosticking off swamy, prime minister narendra modi has also disapproved of his attacks on rajan calling them inappropriate and asserted the rbi governor was no less patriotic than us.
meanwhile, earlier today, rajan called on finance minister arunjaitley as the central bank and the government seek to quickly put in place a new interest rate-setting mechanism.
in sweeping changes, a broad-based 6-member panel  the monetary policy committee (mpc)  is being set up to decide on lending rates instead of the present practice of rbi governor taking a call in this regard.
asked if the structure of the mpc would be put in place before the next policy review due on august 9, rajan said: i think we are putting out the structure.
lets see how far it goes.
under the current system, the governor has overriding powers to accept or reject the recommendation of the rbi panel on monetary policy.
bsuresh prabhus response to virali modis petition.
source: twitter suresh prabhus response to virali modis petition.
source: twitterthe condition of indian railways, particularly for differently-abled travelers has always been abysmal.
in february, when the finance minister, arunjaitley announced that 500 railways will be made disabled-friendly by installing lifts and escalators, many felt it was not enough.
as a differently-abled woman traveler, virali modi faced several inconveniences while using the railways.
she was forced to be physically dependent on porters, who had to lift her from her wheelchair and carry her to her seat  the wheelchair could not enter the train due to space constraints.
for modi, the experience was extremely humiliating  the porters had groped and felt her up in the process.
mortified, it pushed modi to launch a petition on change.org (http://bit.
ly/2kschuz ) that demanded the government to wake up and ensure that better measures were implemented for the disabled.
it was a plea that demanded directing immediate attention on differently-abled travelers (particularly women) for whom traveling on trains were experiences marked with humiliation and mockery.
in an interview with indianexpress.com modi expressed her disillusionment with the government, people with disabilities are treated like minorities, even though more than 5  of the population is disabled.
the government needs to step up its game and provide facilities for us to make our lives better.
no one becomes disabled willingly.
we dont need sympathy, we dont need pity, we need empathy.
we need the government to empathize with us and provide facilities.
yesterday, her petition (which has received over 82,000 supporters so far), finally got a response from the railway minister, suresh prabhu.
he tweeted:have taken note.
already w'king on making our stations,trains divyang friendly,hv made significant progress,lot is 2 be done.
any idea welcome http://t.
co/gg8bqyfm1w  suresh prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) february 9, 2017activists have now stepped in to offer ideas to the railway minister.
he told indianexpress.com, even if the government makes the railways accessible, it doesnt really mean that theyll make the trains accessible as well.
and thats my primary concern  a lot of people are talking about stations, but not enough focus is being placed on trains.
founder of the quill and differently-abled rights activist shakthi vadakkepat agrees.
he ardently believes that indian trains need a revamp.
wider doorways for easy wheelchair access, larger bathrooms and staff sensitivity are few of the important measures that need to be implemented immediately.
for a disabled person, boarding a train directly from the platform cannot be done without assistance  that needs to change.
besides this, toilets are completely inaccessible, and if the journey is for more than four hours, it becomes a problem, because nobody can hold on for that long.
virali modi agrees.
she had to wear diapers whenever she traveled by trains.
staff sensitivity is crucial as well.
differently-abled travelers need to be treated with dignity and respect.
they (the railway personnel) should stop treating us like charity cases, says vadakkepat.
the last time i traveled by trains  which was 10 years ago  it was made very clear to me that i was not welcomed there.
from that day on, i stopped traveling by trains.
the government therefore, needs to take strict measures in training railway officials.
besides this, nipun malhotra feels that ramps need to be maintained and wheelchairs should be provided to those in need for ease in movement.
while there are ramps built at stations, they are in poor condition.
wheelchairs are often not available, plus there are no signs informing the disabled how they can reach the platform on their own, he says.
more importantly, a trained railway personnel should be employed.
while the government might take measures to improve the facilities, if the staff isnt trained about how to use and guard these facilities, itll defeat the purpose.
ill give you an example, says malhotra.
in delhi, the government had introduced low-floor public buses, in order to make it easier for the people in wheelchairs to board.
but the problem was that the conductors werent trained how to handle or use the ramps.
as a result the ramps were not maintained.
soon they began breaking and falling apart.
so just talking about accessibility and making a few stations accessible as a token is not enough  the railway staff too, needs to be trained.
while the accessible indian campaign, which was introduced by the central government in 2015, has made efforts to improve the facilities in public transport for the disabled, it has missed its deadlines countless times.
because of that people have lost faith in the campaign, malhotra claims.
there needs to be a time-bound plan of action in which all can be executed.
the government should concentrate on improving the situation in six metropolitan cities first and aim at making them disabled-friendly in the next year or so.
it should then use that as a model to replicate it across the country.
a step-based approach, one which is time-bound, has targets and can show results is something that is needed, rather than just tweeting about it.
besides the aforementioned ideas, here are a few more suggestions for the railway minister:1.
redesigning the trains is crucial.
not only do the compartments should have wider doorways so that wheelchairs can enter, but the corridors within the compartments should we wider to ensure ease in maneuvering the wheelchair.
2.
the wide gap between the train and the platform needs to be reduced.
also, the trains floor and the platform need to be at a leveled height, so that wheelchairs can be pushed in with ease.
else, proper ramps should be provided at each doorway.
3.
sufficient women compartments should be allotted, so that disabled women travelers dont find it inconvenient to travel.
these compartments should be guarded by a trained railway personnel, to prevent misuse of the compartment by those who arent handicapped.
4.
ramps provided at stations should be maintained and be kept clean and accessible.
they should also be accompanied with rails on either side to assist those who need support.
5.
a sufficient number of wheelchairs should be provided at stations, free of cost.
one should hope that virali modis petition will push suresh prabhu to improve the facilities for those who are not only differently-abled, but for the elderly as well.
how quickly will the ministry move and take appropriate measures however, is something one cant tell, but only hope for.
updaterailway minister suresh prabhu acknowledged the suggestions put forward by indianexpress.com and welcomed people to participate in the railways innovation challenge to work on these.
1/welcome the suggestions,we are working on many,also invite ppl to participate in the railway innovation challenge on some of these points http://t.
co/pfcvpistfs  suresh prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) february 10, 2017//platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
b'finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arunjaitley narendra modi governments budget for 2016 was framed in the backdrop of a debate on whether to deviate from the goal of meeting deficit targets set under the fiscal responsibility and budget management act in order to allow for enhanced public investments to counter the ongoing economic slowdown, or to stick to the straight and narrow path of fiscal prudence.
that debate has been settled, it would seem, with finance minister arunjaitley second full budget not rocking the boat, as reflected in the decision to stick to the roadmap of reducing the fiscal deficit to 3.
5 per cent in 2016-17.
the bond markets have welcomed the move, as seen in yields for 10-year paper falling in response to a lower-than-expected gross market borrowing by the centre.
more than anything else, it will now give reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan just the required monetary space to undertake a reduction in interest rates that the economy desperately requires today.
jaitley deserves credit for not resorting to ill-advised fiscal adventurism, though the temptation for it may have been enormous, particularly in view of the elbow room presented by low oil prices.
watch: the big picture of arunjaitley budget 2016but on the negative side, there are no indicators of a transition towards a goods and services tax (gst) regime, considering that the service tax rates, too, have been left unchanged.
likewise, the decision to restrict the planned phased reduction in corporate tax to 25 per cent over a four-year period to just firms with a turnover of less than rs 5 crore is certain to dent the pro-reform claims of the government.
similarly, the move to tax dividends at the hands of the receiver at 10 per cent, while justified given the intra-inequity issues, may send out a confusing signal keeping in mind the long history of tax treatment of this source of income and criticism about double taxation.
a similar attempt made earlier during nda 1 had to be abandoned in the face of fierce resistance from promoters and corporates and it remains to be seen whether this could be a dampener  coming as it does at a time when there is so much volatility in the market.
this, along with the significant step up in allocations for irrigation and rural roads, is probably an attempt by the modi government to signal that this is not a suit boot ki sarkar, as its political opponents have alleged, although prime minister modi himself had hinted earlier about the need to eliminate some of the sops being enjoyed by the well-off on many counts.
two other important initiatives are the proposal to introduce legislation to provide legal backing to aadhaar  or the unique identity, which is key to eliminating subsidies by routing them directly to the bank accounts of beneficiaries  and a renewed push for attracting investment in the hydrocarbon sector, with production stagnant and very little fresh capital coming in.
but the lack of cohesiveness in the budget is reflected in the levelling of the playing field on tax treatment on the national pension scheme and accumulations to the employees provident fund, which has millions of subscribers.
this may well satisfy purists but is certain to invite a backlash from a constituency which is powerful.
from a political economy point of view, there is nothing in the budget for the urban middle classes, even in the form of a symbolic raising of income tax exemption slabs that has been a feature of every single budget in recent years.
rather, the attempt, as this budget shows, is to appeal to a new rural constituency.
this may have to do with growing rural distress and the governments earlier response to it that was criticised as inadequate.
overall, the approach on taxation belies the claims of the government and party of ensuring a predictable and stable regime.
the budget is also full of new cesses and other imposts that complicate the overall taxation structure.
on the financial sector front, some of the measures are welcome, though most of them are along expected lines  such as the recapitalisation of banks (where the allocation of rs 25,000 crore may be inadequate), the strengthening of asset reconstruction companies, a dispute resolution regime for financial firms and enabling the setting up of a monetary policy committee to set interest rates.
on the whole, the measures add up to a staid budget, which is, in the words of jaitleys predecessor, p. chidambaram, more of a housekeeping exercise and an opportunity lost.
budgets in india are not just bland statements of intent or accounts.
they are, more often, also about big ideas and real reforms, which get the animal spirits going again.
on that count, there isnt much to commend in this budget.
the left parties, the congress and the dmk demanded a total waiver of crop loans taken by farmers of tamil nadu in rajya sabha on wednesday.
although the centre assured the opposition mps that the coverage of crop insurance was being increased, it stopped short of giving an assurance on the demand for a waiver.
responding to the opposition parties, commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman said the government was seized of the problems being faced by drought-hit farmers in tamil nadu and that finance minister arunjaitley , agriculture minister radha mohan singh and water resources minister uma bharti have already met delegations from the state.
crop sown not getting insurance is being taken up, sitharaman said during zero hour, adding crop insurance coverage is being increased.
she said the centre has released rs 1,000 crore for disaster management to tamil nadu.
however, the minister did not respond specifically to the demand for a loan waiver.
earlier, speaking on the issue, cpm leader sitaram yehcury said, i have met the farmers.
our annadata is surging on rats.
you pay npas for rich corporates but you cannot waive loans for our annadata?
d raja (cpi) said the government was waiving loans of other sectors and asked why it couldnt do the same for farmers.
the reserve bank of india thursday cut its benchmark policy rate, the repo rate (the rate at which it lends to banks), by 0.
25 per cent or 25 basis points to 6 per cent  the second such back-to-back cut this year, in the face of low headline inflation and moderation in economic growth, both in india and globally.
advertisingthe central bank, however, kept the monetary policy stance unchanged at neutral due to uncertainty over the monsoon after reports of el nino effects and global economic outlook.
the lowering of rates by the rbi should logically lead to banks following suit but even after last months interest rate cut, many lenders were reluctant with some reducing rates by just ten basis points, citing the higher cost of deposits.
explained liquidity plan next move the rate cut comes on the back of a slowdown in consumption demand, weakening investment activity and overall moderation in growth.
this, along with rbis plans to inject long-term liquidity worth billion through a dollar-rupee swap on april 23 is expected to help in the transmission of rate cut.
the rbi also revised its gdp growth forecast for 2018-19 down to 7.
2 per cent from 7.
4 per cent projected in february policy, stating that since its last policy, there are some signs of domestic investment activity weakening as reflected in a slowdown in production and imports of capital goods and the moderation of growth in the global economy might impact indias exports.
advertisinggdp growth for 2019-20 is projected at 7.
2 per cent  in the range of 6.
8-7.
1 per cent in first half and 7.
3-7.
4 per cent in the second half  with risks evenly balanced, the rbi said.
with general elections this month and the new government announcing the full budget in june/july, rbi governor shaktikanta das said, the fiscal situation at the general government level requires careful monitoring.
the six-member monetary policy committee of the rbi voted 4:2 in favour of the rate cut.
of the six-member monetary policy committee (mpc) of the rbi, pami dua, ravindra dholakia, michael patra and shaktikanta das voted in favour of the decision to reduce the policy repo rate by 25 basis points.
chetan ghate and rbi deputy governor viral v acharya voted to keep the policy rate unchanged.
we are conscious of the fact that there has to be appropriate and effective transmission of rates.
after the last meeting, i held a meeting with both public and private sector banks.
the banks have marginally cut their mclr, but more needs to be done, governor das said.
we are working on a timeline for transmission of rates but at this point, i do not want to mention a date, he said.
the rate cut is in consonance with achieving the medium-term objective of maintaining inflation at the 4 per cent level while supporting growth, the rbi said.
it has revised the path of retail inflation downwards to 2.
4 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2018-19, 2.
9-3.
0 per cent in the first half of 2019-20 and 3.
5-3.
8 per cent in the second half.
the mpc noted that the output gap remains negative and the domestic economy is facing headwinds, especially on the global front.
the need is to strengthen domestic growth impulses by spurring private investment which has remained sluggish, the central bank said.
on the positive side, the rbi said higher financial flows to the commercial sector augur well for economic activity.
it further said private consumption, which has remained resilient, is also expected to get a fillip from public spending in rural areas and an increase in disposable incomes of households due to tax benefits.
business expectations continue to be optimistic.
in its monetary policy report, the rbi said alternative farm support schemes and farm loan waivers announced by some states, higher minimum support prices and food procurement, and lower direct tax collections could put upward pressure on the combined fiscal deficit.
it also said that headline cpi inflation is expected to move up from its recent lows as the favourable base effects dissipate, but is expected to remain below the target of 4 per cent.
on the upside risk to inflation trajectory, it said higher crude oil prices, volatility in international financial markets, the risk of a sudden reversal in the prices of perishable food items, and fiscal slippages are some of the challenges.
the central bank is monitoring the fiscal situation and will continue to watch the space closely, das said.
in his post policy interaction with the media, he said the rbi always goes with the official statistics prepared by the central statistics office (cso) while making its assessments on the economy and formulation of its policy responses.
last month, a group of over 100 economists had gone public with their reservations on the gdp and other key data prints in the light of the frequent revisions in the way the numbers are computed.
on his meeting with finance minister arunjaitley ahead of the policy, das said there is nothing unusual about such a move.
his predecessor urjit patel and his five-member mpc had once declined to meet the finance minister earlier.
das said such meetings have been on either physically or otherwise, even after the move to mpc-led rate setting.
advertisingreacting to the rbi policy, state bank of india chairman rajnish kumar said, the downward revision in gdp and inflation projections reveals near term global headwinds and lower than anticipated rainfall might add to uncertainties.
cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury.
(file photo) cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury.
(file photo)cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said today that the bjp reaching out to opposition parties on the presidential election was more like a pr exercise, after a meeting with union ministers rajnath singh and m venkaiah naidu.
they (bjp leaders) did not propose any name, yechury said, reiterating his partys stand that a candidate with impeccable secular credentials should be the next president.
singh and naidu, who are part of a bjp panel to work out a consensus on the presidential nominee, met yechury as part of its efforts to reach out to the opposition.
they also met congress president sonia gandhi earlier today.
finance minister arunjaitley is the other member of the bjp panel formed by party chief amit shah a few days ago.
stepping out from the nearly 30-minute meeting, yechury told media persons that the bjp panel would meet them again.
asked about the governments efforts to develop a consensus on the presidential candidate, he said there has to be some name (proposed) to arrive at a consensus.
chief minister devendra fadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavisafter the union defence ministry and the railway ministry agreed to provide land to maharashtra for the rehabilitation of slum-dwellers and project affected persons by december 2017, the state has urged them to expedite the process of opening up land that has been lying idle or is encroached, so that it can start building colonies for slum-dwellers after the monsoon this year.
the state government has launched an ambitious project to make mumbai slum-free in a time-bound manner.
while the state housing department has earmarked some vacant plots, including salt pan land, for the relocation of project-affected persons and slum colonies, the defence and railway land can give a major leg-up to the project.
according to sources, the land under defence and railways ownership in mumbai adds up to around 38,000 acres.
salt pan land accounts for a mere 5,500 acres, of which only 20 per cent would be available for use owing to litigations and private ownership issues.
earlier this week in a significant decision, union finance minister arunjaitley and union urban development minister venkaiah naidu accepted chief minister devendra fadnaviss request of including affordable housing, including slum redevelopment, in the list of social and commercial infrastructure.
responding to the centres consent, the cm said, the decision would boost the states efforts of slum rehabilitation and affordable housing projects with policy support, and facilitate flow of institutional credit and funds from domestic and global financial agencies.
the housing project has reached the stage of door-to-door surveys for weeding out illegal occupants.
the government has also taken up the process of satellite mapping of encroachment by slums, including on defense and railway land.
the railways have promised to provide land to accommodate 12 lakh slum-dwellers.
sources in the defence ministry said they would hold another meeting with state officials to discuss the details this month.
the slum rehabilitation scheme was conceived in 1995, during the then shiv sena-bjp government.
however, in the past 22 years, slum redevelopment has failed to make desired headway, officials in the slum redevelopment authority department admitted.
the state economic survey said, since its inception in 1995 upto october 2016, the number of projects completed is 1695 and 1,67,391 slum families have been rehabilitated in mumbai.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
(file) finance minister arun jaitley.
(file)a tdp parliamentarian said today that finance minister arunjaitley comparing andhra pradesh to bihar to deny the southern state the special category state status angered the people and was one of the factors behind the partys decision to pull out its ministers of the central government.
the union finance minister in a press meet compared andhra pradesh to bihar to deny andhra pradesh a special category state status and that also contributed in our party president (and chief minister n chandrababu naidu) announcing the resignations of two ministers, he said, adding that it hurt the sentiments and angered the people of andhra pradesh.
when you make such comparison, there arises a question why should we give special status to ap while having a state more backward, bihar.
this is wrong.
they angered the people, ministers and the chief minister.
it was a promise made in parliament and the comparison was not right, tdp rajya sabha mp t g venkatesh told reporters.
why not jharkhand?
central government has to look at 29 states.
under relentless opposition attack over its failure to secure special category state status for andhra pradesh, the states ruling tdp pulled out of the modi government yesterday.
president ram nath kovind today accepted the resignations of telugu desam party ministers ashok gajapathi raju pasupati and y s chowdary.
raju today for the first time joined his party mps in a protest inside the parliament complex raising their demand.
the ministers after their resignations yesterday said that they would now have more freedom to protest for the rights of andhra pradesh.
b'petrol prices in four metropolitan cities on april 2.
(express photo) petrol prices in four metropolitan cities on april 2.
(express photo)petrol prices hit a four-year high on the first monday of the new financial year at rs 73.
83 per litre, while diesel reached an all-time high at rs 64.
69 per litre.
the hike in fuel prices come amid strengthening of global crude oil prices.
the current hike in petrol is highest since september, 2013 when it jumped to rs 76.
the oil ministry had earlier this year sought a reduction in excise duty on petrol and diesel to cushion the impact of rising international oil rates, but finance minister arunjaitley in his budget presented on february 1 ignored those calls.
india has the highest retail prices of petrol and diesel among south asian nations as taxes account for half of the pump rates.
the excise duty had been raised nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell.
the government had slashed tax just once in october last year by rs 2 a litre.
the excise duty cut cost the government rs 26,000 crore in annual revenue and about rs 13,000 crore during the remaining part of the current fiscal year.
state-owned oil companies  indian oil corporation, bharat petroleum corporation and hindustan petroleum corporation  in june last year had dumped the 15-year old practice of revising rates on the 1st and 16th of every month.
now the rates are being revised on a daily basis based on changing global markets.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on sunday hit out at the bjp-led central government for doing little to control the surge.
banerjee said the centre was only talking while the people were suffering due to the surge in fuel prices.
prime minister narendra modi.
prime minister narendra modi.
prime minister narendra modi said on wednesday that the budget would provide an impetus to infrastructure, strength to the financial system and a big boost to development.
it is my belief that the budget will carry forward the development agenda of the government, generate a new climate of confidence and help the nation to scale new heights, said modi, congratulating finance minister arunjaitley for presenting an uttam (excellent) budget which is devoted to strengthening the hands of the poor and empowering them.
watch video |budget 2017 interview: keki mistry, vice chairman & ceo, hdfc on affordable housing & morethis is the future of our new generation.
this is the future of our farmers, he said, adding that the aim of his government is to double the income of farmers.
he defined future as f for farmer, u for underprivileged, t for transparency, technology upgradation, u for urban rejuvenation, r for rural development and e for employment, entrepreneurship.
underlining the governments commitment to eliminate corruption and black money, he said: political funding has always been a matter of discussion.
political parties are always under the scanner in this regard.
the new scheme by the finance minister related to political funding is along the lines of the hopes and aspirations of the people in our fight against black money.
he said the comprehensive package on digital economy would curb tax evasion.
the governments aim is to double the farmers income by 2022, and the policies and schemes have been designed keeping this in mind.
maximum emphasis in this budget is on the farmers, villages, poor, dalit and underprivileged sections of society, said modi in a televised speech.
he said the tax reforms and amendments would provide relief to the middle class, result in setting-up of industries, create job opportunities, end discrimination and provide incentives for private investments.
watch video | personal tax slabs after budget 2017: how will your tax come down?
the move to reduce personal income tax is significant as it touches the middle-class most, he said.
this budget is associated with our aspirations, our dreams and, in a way, depicts our future.
noting that the small and medium industries have been a major source of employment generation, he said the decision to bring down tax rate from 30 to 25 per cent for them would make them globally competitive.
meanwhile, bjp chief amit shah said the budget would bring a new era of progress.
it is a budget aimed at all-round development.
on the one hand, it is pro-village and pro-farmer; and on the other, it also provides new possibilities for youth willing to strike out on their own.
it has given relief to the middle-class and will also help realise the dream of the poor and lower middle-class of owning a house, he said.
he said the historic announcement on restricting unnamed cash donations to political parties to rs 2,000 would bring transparency and cleanliness in political funding.
prime minister narendra modi (express photo by praveen jain/file) prime minister narendra modi (express photo by praveen jain/file)prime minister narendra modi will interact with leading economists and sectoral experts on wednesday to deliberate on economic policy roadmap for promoting growth and employment.
the meeting, being organised by government think tank niti aayog, will be attended by a host of ministers including finance minister arunjaitley , niti aayog functionaries and leading economists.
prime minister narendra modi will interact with leading economists and the experts across sectors from all over the country at niti aayog tomorrow, an official statement said on tuesday.
the select group of economists and various sector experts have been invited by niti aayog for the deliberations with the prime minister on economic policy: the road ahead.
according to the statement, the discussion will focus on six broad themes: macroeconomic balances, agriculture and rural development, urban development, infrastructure and connectivity, employment, manufacturing and exports and health and education.
it further said that the emphasis is on sharing the views of the experts from all over the country on the road ahead for the economic policy to steer the nation towards a new india envisioned by the prime minister.
the meeting comes in the backdrop of latest estimates of national income by central statistics office (cso) which showed that indias growth is expected to slow down to four-year low of 6.
5 per cent this fiscal, the lowest under the modi-led government.
the gross domestic product (gdp) was 7.
1 per cent in 2016-17 and 8 per cent in the preceding year.
it was 7.
5 per cent in 2014-15.
b'prime minister narendra modi with chief minister of andhra pradesh n chandrababu naidu at parliament house in new delhi on friday.
pti photo prime minister narendra modi with chief minister of andhra pradesh n chandrababu naidu at parliament house in new delhi on friday.
pti photohours before congress member k v p rao moved the private member bill in rajya sabha.
andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu met prime minister narendra modi and sought special status for the state.
sources said modi told naidu that it was not feasible to accede to his demand.
naidu, however, told reporters on his return to vijayawada that the prime minister had assured him that he was serious about resolving all issues, including granting special status to the state.
naidus party, the tdp, has found itself in a spot after the congress, humbled in the assembly and lok sabha elections in the state, resurrected the upas promises of special status and financial package for andhra pradesh in an attempt to regain lost ground.
as an nda ally, tdp cannot be on a warpath with the centre.
at the same time, it cannot afford to remain silent on the issue.
in a memorandum to the prime minister, members of parliament from the party said: the people of andhra pradesh have given us the mandate at the centre and the state, with great expectation that together we will correct the injustices inflicted on the state by the upa governmentduring the elections and afterwards, the people of our state were assured that all provisions of ap reorganisation act and the commitments of the government in parliament would be implemented in letter and spirit.
finance minister arunjaitley remark on the issue in rajya sabha has disappointed the people of andhra pradesh and has greatly agitated them, the memorandum said.
it added that the states development is dependent on the centre fulfilling assurances to parliament such as providing special status, granting appropriate development package, financial assistance and tax incentives.
b'lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan adjourns the house as mps gather near the well of parliament, in new delhi on tuesday.
(pti photo/tv grab) lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan adjourns the house as mps gather near the well of parliament, in new delhi on tuesday.
(pti photo/tv grab)the lok sabha tuesday failed to transact any legislative business for the second straight day as the congress and the tmc sought the prime ministers response on frauds in the banking sector, while parties from andhra pradesh persisted on their demand for a special status.
besides the major opposition parties, nda ally shiv sena protested in the well demanding classical language status for marathi.
the aiadmk demanded the creation of cauvery water management board and the trs raised slogans, demanding a hike in telanganas quota in reservation.
as the lok sabha continued to witness uproar, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said the government is ready for a discussion on the issue of alleged financial irregularities in the banking sector and finance minister arunjaitley will reply to the debate.
this is the second part of the budget session.
we have to pass the finance bill and and demands for grants.
if the house runs peacefully then everyone can raise their issues.
i cannot understand why the congress party is irritated government is ready for a discussioni cant understand why congress is opposing it, kumar said amid ruckus in the house.
kumar said a notice for discussion on alleged systemic irregularities in the banking sector over the years and its impact on the indian economy has been given by n k premachandran (rsp) and kc venugopal (congress) and the same is listed for discussion in the days list of business.
banking irregularities have been going on.
it was happening even during upa.
why are they running away from discussion.
people who indulged in wrongdoing should be punishedcongress should discuss what unscrupulous activity (hera pheri) happened during upa, the minister said.
congress leader mallikarjun kharge said thousands of crores of fraud in nationalised banks has resulted in loot of public money and the perpetrators were allowed to leave the country.
we need to discuss, he insisted.
congress president rahul gandhi was present in the house.
as the house continued to witness uproarious scenes, speaker sumitra mahajan adjourned the house till wednesday.
in the morning, as soon as the house met, members of various opposition parties rushed to the well holding placards and shouting slogans.
shiv sena members were also seen holding placards demanding classical language status for marathi.
mahajan took up the question hour, but amid bedlam, she adjourned the proceedings till 12 noon.
wearing robes representing their party colours, members from aiadmk, trs, tdp and the shiv sena were seen in the well holding placards.
several bjp members were seen wearing robes from northeastern states.
congress members were raising slogans on diamantaire nirav modi, the alleged kingpin in the rs 12,700-crore fraud in the punjab national bank.
chota modi (nirav modi) kahan gaya?
pradhan mantri jawab do nirav modi vapas lao, the congress members shouted.
the fraud at pnb came to light last month after the countrys second largest state-run lender reported that it has detected fraud in award of lous to the designer diamond jewellery maker.
b'an opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir during a meeting with prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on monday.
(source: pti photo/file) an opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir during a meeting with prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on monday.
(source: pti photo/file)ahead of the visit of an all-party delegation to jammu and kashmir, political parties on saturday pitched for holding dialogue with all stakeholders, including hurriyat, to douse the unrest and banning the use of pellet guns by security forces.
after a meeting held by the government to brief the mps who are part of the 30-member delegation, leaders from congress and cpi(m) said all stakeholders should be approached during the two-day visit of the delegation to jammu and kashmir beginning tomorrow.
government should invite hurriyat for talks with the all-party delegation.
the invitation extended to others should be given to hurriyat also.
it is up to them whether they want to meet the delegation, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said.
yechury said government should make tangible announcement like a ban on pellet guns, withdrawal of afspa from civilian areas and rehabilitation and compensation package for those who lost their lives in recent violence as a follow up of prime minister narendra modis statement of taking peace initiative on the basis of insaniyat, jamuriyat and kashmiriyat.
the delegation will interact with individuals and groups aiming to bring peace in the valley, which has been facing unrest following the killing of hizbul mujahideen militant burhan wani in an encounter on july 8.
leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha and congress leader ghulam nabi azad said the upa is open to holding dialogue with all stakeholders.
we have said that the option of dialogue should be open to all stakeholders.
government should open the dialogue with all stakeholders.
the centre and the state government know who the stake holders are.
they have to identify the stakeholders and invite, he said in the presence of tariq anwar of ncp, a upa constituent.
azad said the pellet guns should be replaced with less lethal options to control protesters in kashmir valley.
prem singh chandumajra of shiromani akali dal said the secular face of jammu and kashmir is being lost due to violence.
it needs a political framework.
it is not merely a law and order issue.
read | centre will address kashmir issue on basis of all-party delegations suggestions: rajnath singhafter the meeting, home minister rajnath singh, who is leading the delegation, said all members gave suggestions on the proposed visit.
he said the delegation will meet all representatives in jammu and kashmir.
after returning to delhi on monday night, the delegation would meet once again and the government will take action based on their suggestions, he said.
after the meeting, yechury said that confidence building measures should be announced during the visit of the delegation.
an interactive session to brief mps who will be part of the 30-member all-party delegation was held on saturday to make them aware of the prevailing situation in jammu and kashmir and contours of the tour during which they will hold talks with a cross-section of people.
the prevailing ground situation in jammu and kashmir and positions and views of different stake holders, individuals and groups were conveyed to the parliamentarians.
apart from the home minister and minister of state in pmo jitendra singh, those who will be part of the all-party delegation include finance minister arunjaitley , leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, his lok sabha colleague mallikarjun kharge, senior congress leader ambika soni, union minister ram vilas paswan (ljp), jd-u leader sharad yadav, cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury and cpi leader d raja.
ncps tariq anwar and trinamool congress saugata roy, shiv senas sanjay raut and anandrao adsul, tdps thota narasimham, shiromani akali dals prem singh chandumajra, bjds dilip tirkey, aimims asaduddin owaisi, aiudfs badaruddin ajmal and muslim leagues e ahamed will be party of the delegation.
trs jitendra reddy, n k premchandran (rsp), p venugopal (aiadmk), tiruchi siva (dmk), y b subba (ysr-cong), jaiprakash yadav (rjd), dharamveer gandhi (aap) and dushyant chautala (rld) are also in the team.
bsp and samajwadi party have extended their support but have not been able to nominate any of their member.
finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arunjaitley government on wednesday decided to allow financially sound state government entities to borrow directly from bilateral overseas lending agencies like japan international cooperation agency (jica) to fund infrastructure projects.
the government has approved the policy guidelines to allow financially sound state government entities to borrow directly from bilateral oda (official development assistance) partners for implementation of vital infrastructure projects, said an official statement.
currently, the central government receives external development assistance on behalf of the state governments for state sector projects/ programmes.
the existing rules do not allow state government entities to borrow directly from external agencies.
the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), a state government entity, can now borrow directly from jica for implementation of the mthl project.
the estimated project cost is rs 17,854 crore, out of which the loan from jica is expected to be rs 15,109 crore, said the statement.
while state governments will furnish guarantee for such loans, the centre will provide counter guarantee.
such direct borrowings by state entities would not be counted in the calculation of their respective fiscal deficits, under the states fiscal responsibility and budget management (frbm) laws.
the intention behind allowing states direct funding for big projects was that states budgets are under pressure to provide funds for welfare schemes and other schemes.
as of now, the international funding gets counted in their frbm, then they cant take extra funds for infrastructure projects this way, states will directly get money for infrastructure projects and it wont be counted in their frbm limits.
this will certainly help infrastructure creation and major projects in states, said jaitley.
several state agencies have funding requirements for infrastructure projects, and borrowings by the state government for such projects may exhaust their borrowing limits set under the frbm laws.
but now, the state entities can directly borrow and repay the loan, without burdening the state exchequer.
union minister arun jaitley.
(express photo) union minister arun jaitley.
(express photo)the lok sabha on friday passed the aadhaar bill that aims to ensure targeted services to intended beneficiaries by assigning them unique identity numbers.
these numbers will be given to each person who has stayed in india for 182 days in the year preceding the date of application.
the lower house passed the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) bill, 2016, with a voice vote after a brief debate.
while responding to concerns expressed by rajiv satav of the congress, tathagat satpathy of the bjd, asaduddin owaisi of the aimim, kaushalendra kumar of the jd(u) and others, finance minister arunjaitley assured the house that details provided for the card would not be allowed to be misused in any manner.
the government, having seen the fate of the goods and services tax (gst) bill, chose to package the legislation as a money bill to ensure that it was not blocked by the rajya sabha, where the ruling nda is short of a majority.
in his reply to the debate, arunjaitley left it to speaker sumitra mahajan to take the final call on whether or not it could be classified as a money bill.
jaitley, citing section 110 of the constitution, said any bill which facilitated the payment of moneys into or withdrawals of money from the contingency fund of india was a money bill.
the bill will now go to the rajya sabha, which can deliberate on it and suggest amendments.
the effect (of the bill) is going to be that both the central and state governments are going to save thousands of crores of rupees after having serviced and served the poor people and these thousands of crores of rupees that they will save from undeserving people are further resources which can go to the advantage of serving those people.
earlier in the day, arunjaitley refused to accept the opposition demand that the bill be referred to the standing committee.
as arunjaitley proposed that the house take up the bill for consideration, bhartruhari mahtab of the bjd expressed the fear that it could lead to invasion of privacy.
mahtab received support from congress floor leader mallikarjun kharge and aiadmk leader p venugopal.
kharge said they were not against the bill as such, but they felt that it was flawed.
jaitley pointed out that the bill had been going through some consideration or the other for seven years.
enough is enough, he said, adding that the congress opposition to the bill was not principled.
he reminded the congress that the upa government had approved a bill in september 2010 and introduced it in parliament in december.
regarding kharges criticism over the money-bill issue, he said the bill was distinctly different from the one brought by the upa.
the earlier we implement it, the better.
bjd chief whip tathagat satpathy said there was apprehension that the bill could be used for mass surveillance and ethnic cleansing.
when a bjp member countered him, saying there are no different races in the country, satpathy said there are at least four groups in the country and indians can be divided on these lines.
he said there would be no sharing of aadhaar data without the consent of residents and no biometric data would be shared even with their consent.
the purpose of the bill is not for collateral purpose but to ensure that benefit of public revenue reaches the targeted beneficiary, he added.
the minister said that 97 per cent adults had aadhaar cards while 67 per cent minors had it.
five to 7 lakh people were being added every day.
b'file photo of finance minister arunjaitley file photo of finance minister arun jaitleyit is just as well that the last day of february will fall on a monday when the budget will be presented.
the commentators can pause, take several deep breaths today, and resume their breathless commentary when the dawn breaks tomorrow!
the third budget of any government is a crucial milestone.
if the economy is on a roll, it is a time for consolidation; if the economy is stuck, it is the last opportunity to get it unstuck.
the state of the economy is there for all to see.
> growth is flat  some will say it is overstated  at 7.
4 to 7.
6 per cent.
> there is acute distress in rural india.
> there is no visible evidence of job creation.
> two of the four engines of growth  private investment and exports  are sputtering.
> several projects are stranded or remain stalled.
> the inflation indices are confusing: while wpi remains negative, cpi has inched upwards to 5.
7 per cent in january 2016, leaving both the producers and the consumers unhappy.
no two years will be alike and there are no text book solutions to the problems faced by the economy.
a government must draw upon its imagination and reserves of courage to deal with the economic situation.
over-promise, under-performmr narendra modis government was voted to office on the promise of rapid and sustained development.
if the government had delivered on its promises, everyone should be a little happier today than what he or she was in may 2014.
i am afraid i have not come across anyone who is actually happier.
on the contrary, everyone, in different degrees, is sulking or sullen.
that includes the silent but observant members (especially the seniors) of the ruling establishment who have correctly sensed that there is no wind behind the sails of the government.
the reason is that the government had over-promised but has under-performed.
the party (bjp) and its supporters (rss and its affiliates) did not help the government: they changed the narrative from development to intolerance and from cooperation to confrontation.
so, instead of the rise of the economy, we have seen the rise of intolerance.
instead of all sections of the people warming to the government, we find that important sections like farmers, dalits, tribals, muslims and students have become apprehensive and insecure.
what should we expect from from the budget for 2016-17?
i expect that the finance minister will comfortably achieve the fiscal deficit target of 3.
9 per cent in the current year.
he got a bonanza from low oil prices of approximately rs 1,40,000 crore that he will use to fill three yawning gaps  shortfall in tax revenues, shortfall in non-tax revenues (especially disinvestment) and the increase in the fiscal deficit.
the question is, will he stick to his own fiscal consolidation path and set a target of 3.
5 per cent for 2016-17?
if he does, we can raise one cheer; if he doesnt, the negative marking will begin.
distress in rural indiasecondly, at the top of my to-do list is the acute distress in rural india.
there has been a drought or drought-like condition for three years, but the government looked the other way and cut nearly rs 75,000 crore funds to critical programmes that would have put money into the rural economy.
besides, the government was lukewarm to mgnrega and did not give reasonable increases in minimum support prices.
rural wages have remained practically stagnant.
all these explain the poor demand in the rural economy and the grave unrest among farmers, farm workers and dalits.
we will watch how the budget addresses these issues.
thirdly, we should look to how the government has balanced its books.
has the government set unrealistic revenue targets or underestimated expenditure?
fourthly, we should look out for the revised estimates (2015-16) and the budget estimates (2016-17) against key heads of expenditure, particularly the social sector programmes.
will the government meet its expenditure targets in 2015-16 and provide adequate funds for 2016-17?
fifthly, we will test the budget on how it addresses the problems of sluggish private investment and sputtering exports.
a car cannot run on two wheels.
so far, the government has remained clueless on the solutions to the twin issues.
beyond the numberssixthly, what will be the legislative agenda in 2016-17?
is the government determined to pass the goods and services tax bills and will it accommodate the legitimate views of the opposition parties?
will the government repeal the retrospective clause in taxation of capital gains?
will the government bring back to the table the direct taxes code and the recommendations of the financial sector legislative reforms commission?
seventhly, will the budget follow the pattern of the last two budgets and make meaningless announcements of rs 50 crore or rs 100 crore each on a clutch of sundry initiatives?
eighthly, will the government use its absolute majority in the lok sabha (not available to any government in the last 30 years) to implement bold structural reforms in the economy, in the regulatory architecture, and in the administrative machinery?
i believe that a party thathas, on its own, a strength of 282 cannot waste the opportunity or duck the responsibility of making deep and broad structural reforms.
and, finally, we should be curious and ask who wrote the budget speech!
my best wishes to the finance minister!
from suspense over sasikala swearing-in to us moving un for banning jem chief masood azhar, here are the top five stories at 9 pm ontuesday.
from suspense over sasikala swearing-in to us moving un for banning jem chief masood azhar, here are the top five stories at 9 pm ontuesday.
suspense mounts over swearing-in of sasikala, row over jayalalithaas death escalatessuspense mounted on tuesday over the swearing-in of v k sasikala as chief minister of tamil nadu with the governor deferring his plans to go to chennai, as charges and counter-charges flew thick and fast between aiadmk and rebel leaders over the death of j jayalalithaa.
in the wake of uncertainty over governor vidyasagar raos plans, the aiadmk asserted it was the constitutional obligation of the governor to swear in sasikala as chief minister and that there is no ground for stopping it.
read morev k sasikala v k sasikalaus moves un for banning jem chief masood azhar, china opposes moveamid opposition from china, the united states of america on tuesday moved the united nations for banning pathankot terrorist attack mastermind and pakistan-based jem chief masood azhar.
meanwhile, china has blocked us move to ban azhar.
the american proposal came barely weeks after indias efforts to get azhar banned by the un were blocked by china in december last.
in a statement to the media today, the ministry of external affairs said, informed of this development and matter has been taken up with chinese government.
read morejem chief masood azhar.
jem chief masood azhar.
hsbc, icij list: income tax department detects rs 16,200 cr black moneyover rs 16,200 crore in black money has been detected by the government after investigations on global leaks about indians stashing funds abroad, parliament was informed on tuesday.
as a result of systematic investigations, undisclosed income of about rs 8,200 crore (including protective assessment of income of rs 1,497 crore) has been brought to tax in last about 2 years on account of deposits made in unreported foreign bank accounts in hsbc.
read moreshashi tharoor in lok sabha: no positive impact of demonetisation on economycongress mp shashi tharoor (pti photo) congress mp shashi tharoor (pti photo)attacking the government over demonetisation, congress leader shashi tharoor tuesday said there has been no positive impact on the economy due to note ban.
speaking in lok sabha after prime minister narendra modis fiery speech earlier in the day in the house, tharoor said, even the rbi has said that demonetisation did not bring the change as promised by the government.
read morebig blow to vijay mallya, karnataka hc orders winding up of ubhlvijay mallya.
(file photo) vijay mallya.
(file photo)in a big blow to liquor baron vijay mallya, the karnataka high court on tuesday ordered the winding up of united breweries (holdings) ltd (ubhl), the parent company of ub group, for recovering dues payable by the ubhl-promoted defunct kingfisher airlines limited.
this court has come to a conclusion that the respondent company ubhl deserves to be wound up for failure to discharge their duties to pay up their creditors, justice vineet kothari said in his order allowing petitions by banks and aircaft lessors.
b'new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18, in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo) new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18, in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo)budget day has come and gone.
millions of words have been spoken and written since wednesday.
not many will remember the numbers or the artful phrases (there was none in this edition) or the flashes of poetry (who were the poets?
).
what will remain is the question, did this budget leave the average citizen with the belief that the fundamental issues are being or will be addressed?
let me go straight to the heart of the matter.
many people are poor.
they have little or no income.
they  or their children  do not have jobs.
everything else follows: poor housing, poor health, no access to healthcare, little education, discrimination and neglect, vulnerability, and denial of opportunity.
most children of the middle class also seek jobs but cannot find them.
the proven antidote to poverty and joblessness is rapid economic growth.
it may be an old cliche, but it is absolutely true that a rising tide will lift all (or nearly all) boats.
watch video | goods and services tax network rejects cags request to appoint auditorafter reading the 37-page, 184-paragraph budget speech, i am left with the impression that india will not return to the path of high growth in 2017-18 or even in 2018-19.
a dismal recordthe government has admitted that private investment is in the doldrums.
the government is embarrassed by the fact that, in 2015-16, only 150,000 jobs were created.
this is the twin challenge.
gross fixed capital formation (gfcf) is a widely-used measure of investment, including private investment.
according to the economic survey, growth of gfcf in the last three financial years was:2014-15 4.
9 per cent 2015-16 3.
9 per cent 2016-17 (-) 0.
2 per centas for job creation, the best result under the nda government was 1,50,000 jobs in 2015-16  a far shot from the promise of creating 2 crore jobs a year.
obvious measureswhat should the government have done?
here is a list of measures that were obvious, but not taken:1.
boost aggregate demand.
the tried, tested and best way to increase aggregate demand is to cut indirect taxes that are paid by all consumers of goods and services  poor, middle class and rich.
if indirect taxes are cut, many crores of consumers will get immediate monetary relief.
producers of goods and services will benefit by increased sales.
new capacities and new jobs will be created.
i advocated this option in the list of dos in my column last week (navigating through the dos and donts, january 29, 2017).
to my disappointment, the budget rejected this option and chose the option that i had included in the list of donts  cutting direct taxes!
2.
lend a helping hand to msmes.
micro, small and medium enterprises are the low-cost producers and job-creators.
the demand contraction has hurt them badly.
demonetisation has forced nearly 80 per cent of msmes to close down.
most msmes are not companies, they are proprietorships or partnerships.
5,97,000 to 6,94,000 companies file income-tax returns and, among them, only 2,85,000 make profits.
according to the budget speech, 96 per cent of such companies will qualify as msmes.
cutting the corporate tax rate for msmes (from 30 to 25 per cent) will therefore benefit only about 2,70,000 companies.
if the taxable income is modest, the benefit also will be modest.
it will do nothing to increase sales or create new jobs.
on the other hand, if excise duties and service tax had been cut, it would have boosted demand and revived many msmes that had shut down.
that opportunity was missed.
watch video | rbi asks banks to track demand drafts used to convert old notes to new during demonetisation3.
energize the project monitoring group (pmg).
every business house and every major entrepreneur has at least one project that is stalled or stranded.
if a businessperson has one stalled project in his basket, he will be loath to make a new investment.
we have not seen or heard from the pmg in a long time.
the unwanted interruption4.
accept that demonetisation was a very disruptive step.
the worst affected were farmers, farm labour, manual workers, the self-employed, artisans and msmes.
crores of rupees were lost in terms of wages, incomes, operating losses and capital losses.
the budget should have provided them some form of compensation.
farmers should have been compensated through higher minimum support prices (msp).
cut in indirect taxes (or reduction in power tariff for a limited period) would have brought immediate relief to all.
the other option was an increase in minimum wages across all sectors.
it is a pity that none of these options was explored.
5.
lend more.
thanks to non-performing assets (npa), investors are ineligible or unwilling to borrow and banks are unable to lend.
hence, credit growth to all industries is at at an all-time low, and turned negative in october 2016.
take a look at the npa situation of public sector banks.
as on gross npa ratio(per cent of gross advances)31-3-2014 4.
531-3-2015 4.
631-3-2016 7.
831-12-2016 9.
1loan accounts that were performing as on 31-3-2014 have become non-performing under the nda government, thanks to the deteriorating economic situation.
the government can no longer airily dismiss the problem as a legacy issue.
to make matters worse, the budget provided a measly rs 10,000 crore to recapitalize public sector banks, leaving the banks to fend for themselves.
unless government finds solutions, more woes are in store for the banks and industry, even while credit growth will remain tepid.
budget 2017-18 will be remembered not for any bold measure but because it did not do great damage to the economy.
india will muddle through another year of hopes belied and aspirations unfulfilled.
website: pchidambaram.
sources said that the cabinet headed by pm modi gave a nod to the proposal.
pushing ahead with the reforms agenda, the government on wednesday approved raising fdi limit in the defence sector to 49 per cent and opened up the railway infrastructure segment for foreign direct investment.
the decisions were taken at the cabinet meeting headed by prime minister narendra modi, sources said.
the fdi ceiling in the sensitive defence sector has been hiked to 49 per cent from current 26 per cent, with the condition that control in joint ventures for manufacturing of defence equipment will remain in indian hands.
the move is aimed at boosting the domestic industry, which imports up to 70 per cent of its military hardware.
in relation to the railways, the cabinet approved allowing 100 per cent fdi in areas such as high-speed train systems, suburban corridors and dedicated freight line projects implemented in ppp mode.
the cabinet today gave approval to the announcements made in the budget.
b'a high-level european parliament delegation, also expressed concern over situation in jammu and kashmir and called for improvement in ties between india and pakistan.
a high-level european parliament delegation, also expressed concern over situation in jammu and kashmir and called for improvement in ties between india and pakistan.
the european union today pressed india to extend by six months its bilateral investment pacts with several eu-member countries which are expiring soon, saying absence of the treaties could adversely impact trade ties and fta talks.
a high-level european parliament delegation, in new delhi to gauge indias views about the trump administration and discuss various key issues concerning india-eu ties, also expressed concern over situation in jammu and kashmir and called for improvement in ties between india and pakistan.
chair of the eu delegation for relations with india geoffrey van orden said eu wants new delhi to renew the investment deals first to take forward the stalled fta talks.
it will be helpful if trade and investment pacts can be extended for six months.
the issue has become a problem for the fta talks, he told reporters.
watch video | india asked to extend trade pact with european union nations by 6 monthsindias existing trade and investment pacts with the netherlands have come to an end in november while while similar pacts with several other eu countries will expire in the coming months.
orden said expiry of the pacts will make it difficult for the european countries to go for fresh investments in india, adding the eu want india to first give the extension to the pacts and then move ahead with the fta which is known as eu-india broad-based trade and investment agreement (btia).
on kashmir, he said eu is always sensitive about issues relating to human rights violations, adding certain forces do not want india-pakistan relations to improve.
he said there ware serious problem of pakistan containing terrorists and that prime minister narendra modi had showed his resolve to improve ties with islamabad.
orden said the aim of the delegation is to understand indias views on the trump administration, discuss issues relating to pakistan and matters concerning india-eu ties.
the delegation is meeting finance minister arunjaitley , commerce minister nirmala sitharaman and minister of state for external affairs v k singh during which the issues are likely to be flagged.
the btia talks have been stalled since may, 2013, when both sides failed to bridge substantial gaps on crucial issues, including data security status for it sector.
launched in june 2007, negotiations for the proposed agreement have witnessed many hurdles as both the sides have major differences on crucial issues.
in the eu-india summit in brussels, the two sides had failed to make any announcement on resumption of the negotiations as many bottlenecks still remain.
the two sides are yet to iron out issues related to tariff and movement of professionals but the eu has shown an inclination to restart talks.
besides demanding significant duty cuts in automobiles, the eu wants tax reduction in wines, spirits and dairy products, and a strong intellectual property regime.
on the other hand, india is asking for granting data secure nation status to it by the eu.
the country is among nations not considered data secure by the eu.
the matter is crucial as it will have a bearing on indian it companies wanting market access.
b'the indian express reported that the prime minister had assured that the last date for disclosure of assets and liabilities of trustees would be extended beyond july 31 the indian express reported that the prime minister had assured that the last date for disclosure of assets and liabilities of trustees would be extended beyond july 31the july 31 deadline for disclosure of assets and liabilities by central government employees and senior management personnel of non-governmental organisations (ngos) receiving government aid and foreign donations has been extended indefinitely.
the lok sabha cleared an amendment to the lokpal act without any discussion wednesday.
the bill will be referred to a parliamentary standing committee to examine section 44 that requires public servants working with trusts, societies and ngos, and receiving rs 10 lakh or more from a foreign source and in excess of rs 1 crore from the government per year, to declare assets and liabilities.
even their spouses and dependent children are required to do so.
the opposition, however, cautioned against any move to dilute the bill.
the standing committee is expected to give its report in the next session of parliament.
the congress said it had certain objections and sources in the party said they cannot accept the clause which mandates family members of government servants and those running ngos to declare their assets.
congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said every viewpoint has to be considered and discussed.
it cannot be rammed down the throat of those who disagree if the government does it, as it appears to have been doing on certain issues and certain clauses, and this government has acquired an identity of being insensitive to concerns of ngos then this government will face a lot of difficulty, he said.
watch video: govt introduces bill to amend lokpal act clause pertaining to ngosthe government brought the amendment to lok sabha though it did not figure in the business list for wednesday.
it was passed without debate two days after a group of mps, cutting across party lines, met prime minister narendra modi to express concern over provisions in the act.
the indian express reported tuesday that the prime minister had assured that the last date for disclosure of assets and liabilities of trustees would be extended beyond july 31 and that the government would consult all parties to amend the act.
moving the amendment for consideration, minister of state for personnel jitendra singh said the government had received a number of representation from ngos, civil society and other stakeholders expressing concern over provisions in the lokpal act which could adversely affect the ngo sector.
the amendment, he said, pertains to section 44 of the lokpal act which deals with declaration of assets and the provision of making assets public.
till the present impasse is overcome, the deadline with regard to government servants can be deferred, singh said as he moved the amendment to the act.
it was passed by voice vote with only one mp, cpms mohammad salim, saying no.
his contention was that the amendment, no matter what it is, should be discussed in the house, and that the government cannot describe a representation from a group of mps as conveying the sense of the house.
the bill will go to rajya sabha for clearance.
government sources said modi invoked section 12 that empowers the prime minister to take an emergency decision that can be approved by the cabinet ex post facto.
after he met the mps  among them sharad pawar (ncp), digvijaya singh (congress), anu aga, naresh gujral (sad), rajeev chandrashekhar, neeraj shekhar (sp)  the prime minister had a discussion with finance minister arunjaitley , parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar and senior officials.
watch video: whats making newssources said the government is open to suggestions that spouses of government servants and ngos could be kept out of the ambit of the bill, considering the demands from both.
singh too indicated this: the government is open to the idea of amending the law, and it will also depend on the recommendations of the standing committee.
ngos and bureaucrats have been consulted, he told lok sabha.
as per rules notified under the lokpal and lokayuktas act 2013, every public servant shall file declaration, information and annual returns pertaining to his assets and liabilities as well as for his spouse and dependent children on march 31 every year or on or before july 31 of that year.
in april, the government extended the date of filing returns by public servants from april 15 to july 31.
this is the fifth extension to the deadline since the act came into force in january 2014.
since this law was framed by the standing committee, the same (amendment) has to go to the standing committee the standing committee is seized of the matter and i hope the standing committee will give its report before the next session, singh said, while referring it to the committee.
opposition mps expressed concern that the move could be interpreted as a dilution of the lokpal act.
salim said since the provision is linked to corruption and benami transactions, the government should not rush because it would be seen as a move to save some including mps.
but tmcs sugato bose said the government should ensure genuine philanthropic and charitable workers are not adversely affected.
the mps who met the prime minister and other stakeholders said that many trustees were apprehensive that they would be subjected to harassment and extortion, and that some had even resigned from their positions to avoid this.
this could deprive many ngos from receiving guidance from credible and experienced trustees, they said.
the mps pointed out that in any case all such ngos have detailed disclosure requirements, including public disclosure of audited annual accounts and annual filing to income tax authorities.
the bureaucrats expressed concern that the law required their spouses, who could be working in the private sector or do not have anything to do with public service, to make assets public.
b'file photo of finance minister arunjaitley file photo of finance minister arun jaitleyindias domestic macroeconomic situation has improved significantly over the past two years, but the banking sector has continued to face challenges due to the lack of any meaningful recovery in asset quality, capital constraints and sluggish profitability.
however, i firmly believe that, with support from the policy and regulatory environment, 2016 will be the inflexion year for the banking and finance sector, especially as corporate sector balance sheets improve.
revitalising public sector banks (psbs) has been a key focus area for policymakers.
the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the central government have put in place key enabling measures in the indradhanush scheme, and are working in unison for the expeditious resolution of distressed assets, improving the overall operational efficiency and ensuring that banks have adequate capital (within the budget constraints) for growth and expansion.
indias transition from a state saddled with a crisis of confidence in 2013 to being the bright spot in 2015 is not by chance but by design.
going forward, the upcoming budget session of parliament will be very important for creating short- and medium-term wins.
there is a need to boost savings in the economy in order to enhance the inherent economic strength of the financial sector.
it will be worthwhile to adopt the gear (growth, efficiency, attractiveness, reach) approach to augment the savings rate.
first, enhance growth to increase per capita incomes.
it will be important to increase disposable incomes by raising the personal income tax exemption slab to rs 5 lakh.
this could be a one-time correction and the slab could thereafter be linked to inflation and reviewed every three years.
two, focus on improving the efficiency in financial transactions.
the use of plastic currency and e-transactions (via the internet and mobile phone) will not only improve the ease of transactions but also enhance the saving propensity among citizens.
every 1 per cent reduction in the currency in circulation is likely to add 0.
4 per cent to the savings rate.
this could also help in curbing the flow of black money.
three, make financial savings attractive by providing tax incentives.
for instance, the tax exemption limits under section 80c could be doubled to rs 3 lakh.
this will deepen the mutual fund and equity markets.
similarly, theres a need to increase inflation-adjusted post-tax returns for bank deposits by reducing the lock-in period eligible for tax rebate to one year from five years.
other me-asures could be to enhance the threshold for mandatory tax deduction at source (tds) on interest income to rs 50,000 a year from the current level of rs 10,000.
it will also be useful to roll back tds on recurring deposits to encourage wider adoption, as this is a product that promotes the habit of regular saving.
further, just like the other pension products like the epf and ppf, even the national pension scheme should enjoy eee (exempt, exempt, exempt) tax status.
four, expand the financial reach.
the government could consider converting india post into the postal bank of india, a full-fledged payments and savings bank, to leverage its rural penetration for greater financial inclusion.
apart from boosting savings, indias top priorities this year should include the passage of the gst bill, further rationalising direct taxes, tax sops for start-ups and the introduction of key structural reforms in terms of real estate, labour, and micro, small and medium enterprises.
the farm sector, too, needs significant focus on irrigation and technological support.
the bankruptcy bill will also turn out to be a gamechanger for spurring economic activity and confidence.
the advent of the jam (jan dhan, aadhar, mobile numbers) trinity is a silent revolution that will transform india in the coming years.
while the jan dhan yojana will furtherthe objective of financial inclusion, the aadhaar platform will furnish the much-needed basic digital intelligence and mobile phones will leverage this through innovative payment systems, such as immediate payment service or imps.
micro measures will help, but the banking and finance sector also needs the next generation of reforms to enable it to finance indias aspiration of 9-10 per cent gdp growth on a sustainable basis.
i am hopeful that economic clairvoyance will triumph over political myopia in 2016.
rajya sabha on the second day of the second part of the budget session of parliament in new delhi on friday.
(source: pti photo / tv grab) rajya sabha on the second day of the second part of the budget session of parliament in new delhi on friday.
(source: pti photo / tv grab)rajya sabha on friday passed a bill to amend a 49-year-old law to guard against claims of succession or transfer of properties left by people who migrated to pakistan and china, amid a walkout by the entire opposition.
the enemy property (amendment and validation) bill, 2016, which amends the enemy property act, 1968, was passed by voice vote in the rajya sabha despite the opposition demanding deferring of the debate on the draft legislation for a threadbare deliberation next week.
the measure was passed by the lok sabha in march last year.
after this, the rajya sabha had sent it to a select committee, following whose recommendations, the government had moved a number of amendments to it.
after the amended bill was passed by a voice vote by the rajya sabha on friday, it was returned to the lok sabha for final passage just before it was adjourned for the day.
watch what else is in the newsearlier when the bill was taken up in the upper house for consideration and passage, congress leader jairam ramesh said many senior members including the leader of opposition are not present in the house for a variety of reasons.
therefore the bill should be taken up for discussion and passage on the next working day.
rameshs views were echoed by other members including javed ali khan (sp) and sukhendu shekhar roy (aitc) who also sought taking up the bill for discussion next week.
however, the government decided to take up the bill for discussion today itself and later got it passed by a voice vote after the entire opposition, angered over the governments insistence, walked out of the house.
explaining the rationale for urgency to get the bill passed, finance minister and leader of the house arunjaitley said the ordinance effecting the amendments in the act would lapse on march 14, 2017 and this was a security issue also.
elaborating on the measure, he said it was a principle that government should not allow commercial interests or properties of an enemy country or its citizens.
jaitley said the right of the enemy property should vest in the government of india and not in the heirs of the citizens of the enemy countries.
despite repeated requests by opposition members, the government took up the bill, which was passed after a brief discussion in the absence of any opposition member.
the government was so determined to pass the bill today that over half dozen ministers were present in the house to ensure its smooth sail.
home minister rajnath singh minister, who was supposed to reply to the debate on the bill, did not say much observing that the leader of the house has already explained about it in detail and there was no need for his explanation.
union ministers present in the house during the passage of the bill were manohar parrikar, jp nadda, m venkaiah naidu, suresh prabhu, piyush goyal, prakash javadekar, ananth kumar and mukhtar abbas naqvi.
the amendments proposed include that once an enemy property is vested in the custodian, it shall continue to be vested in him as enemy property irrespective of whether the enemy, enemy subject or enemy firm has ceased to be an enemy due to reasons such as death.
the new bill ensures that the law of succession does not apply to enemy property; that there cannot be transfer of any property vested in the custodian by an enemy or enemy subject or enemy firm and that the custodian shall preserve the enemy property till it is disposed of in accordance with the act.
the amendments are aimed at plugging the loopholes in the act to ensure that the enemy properties that have been vested in the custodian remain so and do not revert to the enemy subject or firm.
the bill also prohibits civil courts and other authorities from entertaining disputes related to enemy property.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
( pti photo) finance minister arun jaitley.
( pti photo)union finance minister arunjaitley and minister of state in the pmo jitendra singh will pay tributes at the memorials of martyrs on august 21 as part of bjps countrywide fortnight programme 70 saal azadi-zara yaad karo kurbani.
arun arunjaitley and jitendra singh will also come to jammu on august 21 to visit the memorials of martyrs and pay tributes, bjp state president and mla sat sharma told reporters in jammu, on tuesday.
bjp state president led the prabhat pherri, which started from ambphalla and culminated at janipur after passing through new plot, pucca talab, sarwal, vikas nagar, rehari and patoli.
sharma said the nation is completing 70 years of independence this month on august 15 and the party has decided to celebrate the event for 15 days from august 9 to 23, wherein different programmes will be organized with prabhat pherri to be led by local mla, senior leaders and women workers to celebrate the quit india movement.
he further said that from august 10 to august 14 torch and national flag rallies will be organised by yuva morcha, while the mahila morcha shall organise a programme to tie the rakhi to the army jawans, including those posted on the borders.
the party workers will also reach out the families of martyrs and honour them.
likewise, all the mps will take up tiranga yatra on motorcycles and cycles with national flags from august 15 to 22 and other programmes shall also be organised.
watch video: whats making newsthe objective of organising different events under azaadi 70 is to make the young generations aware of the freedom struggle, the role of the great patriots and the responsibility on youth to contribute in inculcating patriotic and national feelings among the masses and pledge to meet the challenges posed against unity and integrity of the country, he said.
b'bjp fulfilled its national responsibility and emerged victorious, he said, referring to kanhaiyas speech without naming the jnu student union president.
bjp fulfilled its national responsibility and emerged victorious, he said, referring to kanhaiyas speech without naming the jnu student union president.
finance minister arunjaitley sunday said that the bjp was engaged in an ideological battle with jnusu president kanhaiya kumar, and that the student leaders posturing after his release from jail was a victory for the party.
the senior bjp leader also cited several instances from history to make the point that it is the historical tradition of communist forces to speak against the countrys interest and divide the country.
a new chapter of this ideological battle has begun.
someone wants to hold a programme in the memory of yakub memon, someone wants to hold a programme in the memory of afzal guru.
who were they?
a small section was of jihadis.
a major section was of maoists.
slogans were raised about dividing the country.
taking a dig at kanhaiya, he said, main vijay isliye manta hun, kyunki jo ek baar bharat ke tukde tukde ke naare lagate hue jail gaye the, vo jab bahar aaye unhen to jai hind aur tiranga dikhlakar unko bhashan dena pada.
(i consider this our victory because a person, who was jailed for chanting slogans of dividing india, after being released has to say jai hind and waves the tricolour during his speech.
) this was an ideological victory for us.
jaitley added that it was the misfortune of this country that congress leaders went to these people to express sympathy.
it was never done by gandhiji, it was never done by nehruji, dr ambedkar never did it, it was never done by indiraji or rajivji, he said.
describing this approach of the congress as intellectual hollowness, he said it was the responsibility of every worker of the bjp to carry forward the ideological battle against divisive forces.
saying that communists had a divisive ideology with no faith in parliamentary democracy, arunjaitley cited several instances from history.
whenever this country faced any challenge, the basic confrontation has been between nationalist forces and communist ideology.
when gandhiji was leading the freedom struggle, then the communist leaders of this country said that gandhiji represented feudalist forces.
when gandhiji raised the slogan of quit india, the communist party of that time completely opposed the freedom struggle.
when independence came, their ideology was that we dont believe in democracy.
hence, communist ideology was that we will divide the country by violence and seize (power), he said.
the finance minister quoted a speech of dr b r ambedkar before the constituent assembly on november 25, 1949.
urging bjym chief anurag thakur to distribute copies of the speech, arunjaitley quoted ambedkar: everyone except the communists will embrace this constitution because the foundation of the constitution is parliamentary democracy, the ideology of the communists wants to seize power by violence.
hence, it is their historical tradition to speak against the countrys interest.
when the emergency was imposed, arunjaitley continued: the cpi was the only political party that had supported the emergency.
democracy was being throttled, and they had no faith in democracy.
b'swarup asserted that pakistan recognises no red lines in conduct of its own diplomacy and said the government has already underlined to the neighbouring country that it has no locus standi on j&k which is an integral part of india.
ani photo swarup asserted that pakistan recognises no red lines in conduct of its own diplomacy and said the government has already underlined to the neighbouring country that it has no locus standi on j&k which is an integral part of india.
ani photothe ministry of external affairs on thursday said that no decision, as of now, has been taken on finance minister arunjaitley participation in the saarc meeting to be held in islamabad.
no decision has been taken so far on indias level of participation at saarc finance ministers meet in islamabad, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup told reporters at his weekly media briefing.
the conference is scheduled on august 25-26 in islamabad.
earlier this week, official sources had said that arunjaitley may not visit pakistan due to political reasons.
swarup asserted that pakistan recognises no red lines in conduct of its own diplomacy and said the government has already underlined to the neighbouring country that it has no locus standi on j&k which is an integral part of india.
the ball is now in pakistans court, said swarup.
watch videogiving details of the meeting between sushma swaraj and her chinese counterpart min wang, swarup said the nsg issue was discussed in considerable detail by the two sides.
the chinese said explained their perspective and underlined the importance of indias membership, said swarup adding that the government attach highest importance to nam.
earlier on wednesday, india rejected invitation of foreign-secretary-level talks from pakistan saying it cant discuss kashmir but is ready to talk about cross border terrorism.
jaitley said government has no proposal under consideration to make any change in the management of these funds.
government has no plan to make any change in management of national rural credit (nrc) funds provided by the nabard for undertaking agricultural activities and to rural non-farm sector.
he said government has no proposal under consideration to make any change in the management of these funds.
jaitley said the nrc fund (lto) is utilised by nabard only to provide financial assistance by way of loans and advances to commercial banks, regional rural banks and cooperative banks by way of refinance of their long term loans issued for agriculture, allied activities and rural non-farm sector.
the amount of nrc (stabilisation) fund is utilised by the nabard only to provide medium term loans to approved financial institutions by converting short term crop loans into medium term loans to enable farmers to obtain fresh loans in case of natural calamities such a drought, floods etc, he said.
the finance minister said a new fund namely long term rural credit fund in nabard with initial corpus of rs 5,000 crore has been recently announced in the union budget for providing refinance support to cooperative banks, regional rural banks so as to boost capital formation in agriculture and rural economy.
this fund will be met out of the shortfall in priority sector, agriculture sector, weaker section lending scheduled commercial banks, he said.
b'the pm was of the view that premature idling of in-service rolling-stock assets from the diesel stable was not a good idea.
the pm was of the view that premature idling of in-service rolling-stock assets from the diesel stable was not a good idea.
a high-level meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi is learnt to have suggested to the indian railways to not rush through unilaterally with its grand drive of 100 per cent electrification of the countrys railway network.
the prime minister is learnt to have nudged the policy correction while reviewing the work of the railway ministry at the pmo last monday in the presence of the full railway board led by railway minister piyush goyal.
modi is learnt to have raised questions on the 100 per cent electrification policy  pursued aggressively by goyal since his arrival in rail bhawan in september last year  wondering what the need/ justification for it was, especially because massive working infrastructure is already in place for diesel, the other mode of traction.
the pm was of the view that premature idling of in-service rolling-stock assets from the diesel stable was not a good idea, sources told the indian express.
the indian railways have around 5,800 working diesel locomotives.
electrification is a long-term process.
its timeframe has to depend on the budget, said a source who is aware of the deliberations.
these things do not happen immediately.
the diesel stock that we have has a certain life, and it (the changeover) will take time, the source said.
the indian railways have already announced plans to electrify their entire network by 2021-22.
the indian railways have already announced plans to electrify their entire network by 2021-22.
one major takeaway for the railway board from the meeting was that the 100 per cent electrification policy was to be put on hold, without missing the yearly physical targets for electrification as and when decided every year on a need basis, sources said.
the message that railways got from the meeting was that the pm was more interested in the national transporter achieving its yearly budgetary expenditure targets towards electrification and other capital spends.
the electrification plan should be annual target-based.
budget allocation-based annual commitments for electrification should be taken up, another top source said, summarising the upshot of the review meeting.
the railways have already announced plans to electrify their entire network by 2021-22.
ministry of railways has decided to electrify balance 38,000 broad gauge (bg) route kilometer (rkm) for achieving 100  electrification, minister of state for railways rajen gohain said in a reply to an unstarred question in lok sabha, setting 2021-22 as the timeframe to achieved it.
lok sabha was informed of ambitious annual targets of upwards of 4,000 km to meet this deadline.
in the 2017-18 financial year, however, only around 2,500 km was achieved until the end of february, far short of the 4,000-km route electrification target.
there have been calls from within the government for a strategic rethink, for both financial and operational reasons, of the 100 per cent electrification policy.
finance minister arunjaitley did not use the phrase 100 per cent electrification in the budget, and instead referred to optimal electrification.
we are moving fast towards optimal electrification of railway network.
the railways have thus far deployed a staggered approach towards the electrification of tracks.
over the years, they have electrified high-traffic routes based on the projected rate of return on the heavy capital investment that is involved.
they have not identified for electrification routes with sub-optimal traffic  and the projected return on investment is not favourable for a majority of the 38,000 route kilometres that remain to be electrified.
sources said the decision to electrify 100 per cent of the network was taken without adequate multi-disciplinary high-level consultations last year.
the push for electrification triggered alarm bells in the us multinational general electric last year after goyal instructed the railway board to explore the option of exiting the diesel locomotive project in marhowra (bihar).
ge had signed an agreement with the government in 2015 to build the modern diesel locomotive factory in a joint venture with the railways to supply 1,000 high horsepower diesel engines exclusively to the indian railways over 10 years.
the railways subsequently backed off to allay ges apprehensions.
the source said that in view of the model code of conduct, the budget will not make any announces related to poll-bound states of punjab, uttar pradesh, uttarakhand, goa and manipur.
(file photo) the source said that in view of the model code of conduct, the budget will not make any announces related to poll-bound states of punjab, uttar pradesh, uttarakhand, goa and manipur.
(file photo)sweeping aside objections raised by opposition parties, the government will present the union budget 2017-18 on february 1 but will refrain from making any announcements pertaining to poll-bound states.
the government has before the election commission vehemently defended its move to advance budget presentation by a month saying it had made clear its intention on this way back in september 2016 so as to help begin the investment cycle right from the first day of the new fiscal, april 1.
watch what else is making newsbudget presentation on february 1 is a done deal, we will not make any specific announcement for poll-bound states, a top source said.
opposition parties including congress and tmc had approached the election commission against presentation of the budget just hours before the first of the five states goes to poll on february 4.
but the government stoutly defended the move.
the source said that in view of the model code of conduct, the budget will not make any announces related to poll-bound states of punjab, uttar pradesh, uttarakhand, goa and manipur.
according to the scheme drawn, the first part of the budget session of parliament will start on january 31 with president pranab mukherjees address and tabling of the economic survey, which sets the scene for finance minister arunjaitley fourth annual budget.
the budget will be presented the next day.
the cabinet had in september last year decided to scrap nearly century-long practice of having a separate railway budget and instead merged it with the general budget.
it had also decided to scrap a distinction between plan and non-plan expenditures.
b'sugar prices have increased this year due to estimated fall in production of sweetener at about 20 million tonnes in 2016-17 season from 25 million tonnes in the previous year.
sugar prices have increased this year due to estimated fall in production of sweetener at about 20 million tonnes in 2016-17 season from 25 million tonnes in the previous year.
the government on wednesday hiked the fair price for sugarcane by rs 25 per quintal to benefit five crore farmers across cane producing states.
the fair and remunerative price (frp), which is the minimum price sugar mills have to pay to farmers, has been increased from rs 230 per quintal to rs 255 for 2017-18 seasons that kicks-in from october.
the hike, approved by the union cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), is the first this year.
the increase is also likely to result in states like uttar pradesh, which do not follow the centre-announced frp, raising their own advisory prices.
major sugarcane producing states like uttar pradesh, punjab and haryana fix their own sugarcane price called state advisory prices (sap), which is usually higher than the centres frp.
uttar pradesh has fixed the sap for the current 2016-17 year at rs 305 and rs 315 per quintal for two varieties of sugarcane.
following the revision in frp, the two-month-old yogi adityanath government, which is battling problems on law and order front, may also announce higher rates to benefit up farmers.
yogi adityanath governments first decision after coming to power was to waive loans of farmers.
the frp, which is the minimum price that mills have to pay to sugarcane farmers, was kept unchanged at rs 230 per quintal for the current 2016-17 year (october-september).
sugar mills situation has improved.
for 2017-18, sugarcane frp of rs 255 per quintal has been approved, which is 10.
the move is a reflection of the governments pro-farmer initiatives, keeping in mind the interest of sugarcane farmers and importance of the sugar industry, the statement said.
the frp price is linked to a basic recovery rate of 9.
5 per cent, subject to a premium of rs 2.
68 per quintal for every 0.
1 per cent point increase in recovery rate.
the frp has been fixed on the basis of recommendations of the commission for agricultural costs and prices (cacp), a statutory body that advises the government on the pricing policy for major farm produce.
higher rate has been fixed for 2017-18 taking into account the rise in cost of production and millers capacity to pay the rate in view of better sugar prices.
sugar prices have increased this year due to estimated fall in production of sweetener at about 20 million tonnes in 2016-17 season from 25 million tonnes in the previous year.
sugarcane production in the current year declined by over 12 per cent to 306.
03 million tonnes due to drought in key growing states maharasthra and karnataka.
however, the prospects in 2017-18 seem to be bright as the met department has forecast normal monsoon.
us president donald trump.
(file photo) us president donald trump.
(file photo)the imf is closely following the implications of some of the major policy changes initiated by the trump administration that has resulted in considerable uncertainty, a top imf official has said.
our latest world economic outlook assumes fiscal expansion by the us will carry momentum forward, raising us economic growth from 2.
3 to 2.
5 per cent in 2018, which is positive for the global economy, tao zhang, deputy managing director of the international monetary fund, told pti in an interview.
at the same time, there is considerable uncertainty on specific policies.
we are following policy developments closely, and we need to see details of the various proposals to better understand their implications, the top imf official said when asked about the economic policies of the us president donald trump.
in recent weeks, trump has decided not to label china a currency manipulator and said he would cut a favourable trade deal with beijing if it agreed to help him with north korea.
the administration has also indicated that it will not seek sweeping changes to the north american free trade agreement, which the president called the worst trade deal.
immigration was the centerpiece of his campaign.
trump signed an executive order on january 27 barring people from the seven countries from entering the united states for 90 days.
the order was blocked by federal courts and the trump administration replaced it with a revised, narrower travel ban effective march 16 which dropped iraq from the list.
courts have also halted parts of the second order.
meanwhile, zhang said although the global growth is picking up, the world economy still faces many challenges, and risks remain skewed to the downside.
these risks include an inward shift in policies and elevated policy uncertainty; an aggressive rollback of financial regulation; and a faster-than-expected tightening of financial conditions.
these are risks, not yet certain.
we have to see whether they come to pass, he said.
as our managing director christine lagarde said during the spring meetings, we are seeing the global economy picking up momentum, he added.
despite some improvement for the us and other advanced economies, most of the global pick-up stems from emerging markets, including india.
the outlook for the asia pacific region remains robust the strongest in the worldand recent data point to a pickup in momentum, he said.
responding to a question, zhang said the imf is now starting to discuss next phase of quota reforms.
finance minister arunjaitley had articulated about it in his address to the imf last week here.
there is a general recognition by the funds membership that the imfs governance should evolve, as the global economy evolves.
we can never be complacent, and i would expect that the imfs governance will continue to evolve to reflect the shifting global economic landscape, he said.
the executive board will also start discussion on the next review of our quotas, including a new quota formula that allocates the voting power in the imf executive board, in the second half of this year, zhang said.
an historic reform of our governance came into effect last year, bringing a shift of influence in favour of emerging market and developing countries.
the fund and its membership recognise the growing role of the dynamic emerging market countries in the global economy, said the top imf official.
jaitley said the modalities of giving the special package were agreed way back in september 2016 but the state government only in january this year suggested a change in route of receiving funds, to which the centre agreed but has not heard from it ever since.
a solution has been put on the table.
it is for andhra pradesh to decide whether they want the resources or they want to make an issue (out of it), he told pti in new delhi.
the telugu desam party (tdp), which has 16 mps in the 545-member lok sabha, first pulled out its ministers from the narendra modi government and yesterday decided to quit the alliance itself.
the party, which is in power in andhra pradesh, had been demanding greater financial assistance to make up for the disadvantage it has been put to since its division in 2014.
jaitley, however, said the centre has been fully committed to giving the promised funds to the state and there has been no delay on its part.
he said the so-called special category status cannot be given to andhra pradesh in its literal sense after implementation of the award of 14th finance commission, which deals with sharing of central governments financial resources with the states.
the constitutionally-mandated commission gave increased share of states fund in central taxes to 42 per cent from 32 per cent previously and meeting revenue deficit in case any state needs to be extraordinarly compensated.
the minister said a special category state gets to pay just 10 per cent share of the money to be spent on a centrally sponsored scheme in comparison to general category states having to pay 40 per cent.
the remaining 90 per cent in case of special category states and 60 per cent in general category states is borne by the centre.
the 30 per cent equivalent advantage that the special category states had was agreed to be given to andhra pradesh for five years.
we found a solution on september 16, 2016 that instead of a special category, we will give a special package, he said adding the funds equivalent to 30 per cent additional funding was to be met in some other form.
andhra pradesh, he said, suggested that this should come to it in form of external aided projects wherein the repayment is 90 per cent borne by the centre and 10 per cent by the state.
we agreed, he said.
so it was suggested that a special purpose vehicle be created into which nabard can transfer funds.
the centre would have repaid such funds to the extent of 90 per cent, he said.
on february 7 their officers said they will find out the details and come.
no one has come till now, he said.
we have been literally waiting for them to come.
the centre has always been willing to give and there is no delay on our part, he said.
the changeover has been done in january by andhra pradesh not by us.
for the 10 months prior to that, the deficit can be calculated either by taking the 2013-14 as the base or by extrapolating revenue of 2015-16.
in the first case only rs 138 crore is left to be paid and if the second is used, rs 1,600 crore is due.
we have said take it, he said.
we have been waiting endlessly for a response from them to resolve the issue, he added.
vijay mallya.
express vijay mallya.
expressabsconding liquor baron vijay mallya, wanted in india in multiple cases by the central bureau of investigation, enforcement directorate and other agencies, was arrested on tuesday by the scotland yard in london, uk on an extradition warrant.
he was granted bail by the local magistrates court after a brief period.
according to reports, mallya will now be produced in the londons westminster court in london.
the arrest came after an extradition request was sent by the indian government.
mallya left india on march 3, just before a consortium of banks was about to move courts for a willful default case.
he has since remained in the uk.
he is facing legal proceedings for defaulting on loans of rs.9,000 crore and also being tried for cheque bounce.
mallya has been served notices by several agencies and courts to appear in hearings.
after several non-appearances in hearings, he was branded as an absconder and arrest warrants were issued.
here is a timeline of all that has happened:may 2005: chairman of united breweries (holdings) limited vijay mallya starts a premium, luxury airlinekingfisher airlines.
the airline was marketed as the most luxurious, world class, cutting edge carrier in the country.
2006: kingfisher airlines applies for a loan with idbi bank that would support its aircraft acquisitions.
mallya didnt share a clean history with the bank in relation to his mangalore chemicals and fertiliser acquisitions in the past.
committee rejects proposal.
2007: kingfisher airlines does fairly well in its initial years and mallya decides to take over air deccan that was going under.
2008: air deccan takeover is formalised.
united breweries pays a markup of rs. 550 crore for their stake of 26 per cent in the company.
what would prove to be a bad deal puts united breweries into financial woes.
march 2008: kingfisher accrues a debt of rs. 934 crores due to rising oil prices, spiking working cost stress of a premium and an ailing airline.
september 2008  kingfisher flies its first international flight.
flight between bengaluru and london.
2009: the consolidated debt of the airline accumulates to a massive rs 5,665 crore that increases to rs. 7,000 crore.
kingfisher keeps doing well and idbi has a change of mind.
the bank provides a loan of rs 900 crore to the airline.
november 2010  banks give the airline an ultimatum of nine months to pay back the entire loan amount.
mallya is now a rajya sabha mp.
2011  2012: each year, mallya takes a salary of rs. 33.
46 crore from kingfisher airlines.
the license of the airline is then revokes and thus the airline stops to pay salaries of its employees.
till march 2016, the total owed amount to employees for kingfisher airlines was rs 3000 crore payable to 3000 employees.
it owes an amount close to a billion dollars to idbi and sbi as loan.
march 2013  the net worth of kingfisher airlines goes under.
the airline is valued at negative rs.12,919 crore due to massive liabilities.
a consortium of banks approaches ubhl for the payback of a loan amounting to rs. 6,493 crore on behalf of kingfisher airlines.
united breweries is the promoter of kingfisher airlines.
the consortium of banks is led by sbi.
mallya provides an assurance that the larger sum of the amount owed to the banks will be settled soon.
2014: mallya is branded a willful defaulter by united bank of india.
sbi an punjab national bank do the same.
november 2015  finance minister arunjaitley reveals that the total amount owed by kingfisher is rs 9,091.
40 crore.
april 2015  mallyas personal aircraft is sold by mumbai international airport private limited for a recovery of funds owed.
the aircraft is sold for rs. 22 lakh.
the airline is held accountable for non-payment of loans of rs 115 crore by the service tax department.
the department takes the complaint to bombay high court which orders the seizure of mallyas passportfebruary 2016  united spirits board asks him to quit his position.
march 2016: a consortium of banks seeks to move supreme court of india to stop mallya from escaping from the country.
mallya had, meanwhile, left the country on march 3 for the uk and took refuge in london.
a special magistrates court issues a non-bailable arrest warrant against the liquor baron who failed to appear in court hearings for several cases pending against him.
april 2016: enforcement directorate requests a special court in mumbai to issue another non-bailable arrest warrant.
the warrant sought by ed is for crimes under prevention of money laundering act, 2002.
court grants warrant to ed.
meanwhile, reports emerged that mallya had siphoned off nearly $590 million out from india.
india revokes mallyas diplomatic passport, freezes international travel.
july 2016: diageo pursues vijay mallya for diversion of funds from its indian subsidiaries to one of mallyas entities.
the firm seeks recovery of an estimated 138m.
november 2016: pmla special court declares vijay mallya an absconder.
he had already been declared a proclaimed offender in june the same year.
january 2017: cbi arrests former chairman of idbi bank and some executives of idbi and kingfisher.
february 2017: united breweries asks mallya to resign as chairman.
india sends extradition request to uk.
march 2017: uk clears indias request to extradite vijay mallya to india after special request from the ministry of external affairs, union finance minister arunjaitley and his ministry.
india promises to be sensitive about issues if uk allows extradition of mallya.
april 2017: mallya dishonours multiple summons.
the liquor baron is arrested by scotland yard in uk.
finance minister arunjaitley at a press conference after cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo finance minister arunjaitley at a press conference after cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photounion finance minister arunjaitley wednesday indicated that he would take up the h1-b visa issue with the us authorities when he visits the united states of america.
these (it industry issues) are matters of discussion with the appropriate authorities there.
once i do discuss and get an opportunity, i will let you know, he told reporters, when asked if he would take up the visa concerns of indias it sector with the us authorities.
the finance minister is scheduled to leave for the us on a five-day visit tonight.
also read | us president donald trump signs order to review h-1b visa programmethe us governments recent move to tighten rules for granting h1-b visas has raised a lot of concern among indian it professionals who use this visa to travel to the us on short term work.
us president donald trump signed an executive order to stop the abuse of the h1-b visa, to ensure that it is given only to the most-skilled or highest paid petitioners.
india has on a number of occasions raised concerns over tightening of the visa regime in the us.
indian it companies depend on the h1-b visa to hire lakhs of employees every year for their operations in the us, and the american market accounts for around 60 per cent of indias it industry revenue.
the h1-b visa is a non-immigrant visa that allows american companies to employ foreign workers for jobs that require theoretical or technical expertise in specialised fields.
also read | h1-b work visa explained: the what, who and howduring his visit to the us, arunjaitley is scheduled to meet the us treasury secretary.
he will attend meetings at the world bank, the international monetary fund and one with the g20 nations as well.
jaitley will also hold meetings with american ceos, and institutional and pension fund investors, to pitch india as a favourable destination for investments.
the prime minister, shri narendra modi.
(file) the prime minister, shri narendra modi.
(file)prime minister narendra modi handpicked a trusted bureaucrat, little known outside indias financial circles, to spearhead a radical move to abolish 86 percent of the countrys cash overnight and take aim at the huge shadow economy.
hasmukh adhia, the bureaucrat, and five others privy to the plan were sworn to utmost secrecy, say sources with knowledge of the matter.
they were supported by a young team of researchers working in two rooms at modis new delhi residence, as he plotted his boldest reform since coming to power in 2014.
when announced, the abolition of high-value banknotes of 500 and 1,000 rupees ($7.
50 and $15) came as a bolt from the blue.
watch video | supreme court seeks centres response over various issues regarding demonetisationthe secrecy was aimed at outflanking those who might profit from prior knowledge, by pouring cash into gold, property and other assets and hide illicit wealth.
previously unreported details of modis handling of the so-called demonetisation open a window onto the hands-on role he played in implementing a key policy, and how he was willing to act quickly even when the risks were high.
while some advocates say the scrapping of the banknotes will bring more money into the banking system and raise tax revenues, millions of indians are furious at having to queue for hours outside banks to exchange or deposit their old money.
labourers have also been unpaid and produce has rotted in markets as cash stopped changing hands.
not enough replacement notes were printed in preparation for the upheaval, and it could take months for things to return to normal.
with indias most populous state, uttar pradesh, holding an election in early 2017 that could decide modis chances of a second term in office, there is little time for the hoped-for benefits of his cash swap to outweigh short-term pain.
modi has staked his reputation and popularity on the move.
i have done all the research and, if it fails, then i am to blame, modi told a cabinet meeting on nov.
8 shortly before the move was announced, according to three ministers who attended.
direct line to modioverseeing the campaign, with support from the backroom team camped out at modis sprawling bungalow in the capital, was adhia, a top finance ministry official.
the 58-year-old served as principal secretary to modi from 2003-06 when he was chief minister of gujarat state, establishing a relationship of trust with his boss and introducing him to yoga.
colleagues interviewed by reuters said he had a reputation for integrity and discretion.
adhia was named revenue secretary in sept.
2015, reporting formally to finance minister arun jaitley.
in reality, he had a direct line to modi and they would speak in their native gujarati when they met to discuss issues in depth.
watch video | find out what pm narendra modi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionin the worlds largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the states promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
at a stroke, modi scrapped money worth 15.
4 trillion rupees ($220 billion), equal to 86 percent of cash in asias third-largest economy.
the idea is backed by some economists, although the speed of its implementation is widely seen as radical.
one is never ready for this kind of disruption  but it is a constructive disruption, said narendra jadhav, a 31-year veteran and former chief economist of indias central bank who now represents modis party in the upper house of parliament.
modi, in his tv address to the nation, cautioned that people could face temporary hardship as replacement 500 and 2,000 rupee notes were introduced.
calling for an act of collective sacrifice, he promised steps to soften the blow for the nine in 10 indians who live in the cash economy.
biggest, boldest stepimmediately after the address, adhia sent a tweet: this is the biggest and the boldest step by the government for containing black money.
the boast harked back to modis election vow to recover black money from abroad that had resonated with voters fed up with the corruption scandals that plagued the last congress government.
yet in office, he struggled to keep his promise.
watch video | find out what gets cheaper if you pay by digital modeover more than a year, modi commissioned research from officials at the finance ministry, the central bank and think-tanks on how to advance his fight against black money, a close aide said.
he demanded answers to questions such as: how quickly india could print new banknotes; how to distribute them; would state banks benefit if they received a rush of new deposits; and who would gain from demonetisation?
the topics were broken up to prevent anyone from joining the dots and concluding that a cash swap was in the offing.
we didnt want to let the cat out of the bag, said a senior official directly involved.
had people got a whiff of the decision, the whole exercise would have been meaningless.
under adhias oversight, the team of researchers assembled and modeled the findings in what was, for it, a theoretical exercise.
it was made up of young experts in data and financial analysis; some ran modis social media accounts and a smartphone app that he used to solicit public feedback.
yet for all the planning, modi and adhia knew they could not foresee every eventuality, and were willing to move swiftly.
the announcement caused chaos, with huge queues forming at banks when they reopened after a short holiday.
new 2,000 rupee notes were hard to come by and barely any new 500 rupee notes had been printed.
indias 200,000 cash dispensers could not handle the new, smaller, notes and it would take weeks to reconfigure them.
filling atms with the 8 trillion rupees ($117 billion) in new banknotes that the finance ministry reckons are needed to restore liquidity to the economy is even trickier.
in a best-case scenario, in which indias four banknote presses churned out new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes designed to replace the abolished ones, it would take at least three months to hit that target.
secrecy paramountsecrecy was paramount, but clues had been left.
back in april, analysts at state bank of india said that demonetisation of large-denomination notes was possible.
the reserve bank of india, the central bank, also disclosed in may that it was making preparations for a new series of banknotes that were confirmed in august when it announced it had approved a design for a new 2,000 rupee note.
the printing presses had only just started turning when the media finally started to run with the story in late october.
the plan was to introduce it around nov.
18, but there was a clear sign that it could get leaked, said one person with direct knowledge who, like others interviewed by reuters, asked not to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter.
some officials in the finance ministry had expressed doubts about scrapping high-value notes when the idea came up for discussion.
they now feel resentment at the secrecy in which adhia rammed through the plan on modis orders.
they also say the plan was flawed because of a failure to ramp up printing of new notes ahead of time.
other critics say the adhia team fell prey to a form of group think that ignored outside advice.
in the words of one former top official who has worked at the finance ministry and central bank: they dont know whats happening in the real world.
b'file photo: prime minister narendra modi, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, home minister rajnath singh and mos jayant sinha at a function to pay tributes to shyama prasad mukherji on the occasion of his birth anniversary in the central hall of parliament in new delhi.
6 july, 2016 (source: pti photo by shahbaz khan/file) file photo: prime minister narendra modi, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, home minister rajnath singh and mos jayant sinha at a function to pay tributes to shyama prasad mukherji on the occasion of his birth anniversary in the central hall of parliament in new delhi.
6 july, 2016 (source: pti photo by shahbaz khan/file)the government has called an all party meeting on sunday, to seek the support of opposition parties in the passage of pending legislations during the monsoon session of parliament beginning monday.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan has also convened an all party meeting on sunday to ensure smooth functioning of parliament.
the session will have 20 working days and will conclude on august 12.
a total of 25 bills including crucial goods and services tax (gst) bill are expected to come up for passing and consideration during the session.
the government has reached out to the main opposition party for the passage of the gst bill, while the congress is also fine tuning its strategy on the legislation.
watch video: whats making newsahead of the session, top congress leaders met party chief sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi in new delhi on saturday and chalked out strategy on crucial issues, including the gst bill.
leader of opposition in the rajya sabha, ghulam nabi azad and other senior party leaders including anand sharma and jyotiraditya scindia attended the meeting.
this came a day after finance minister arunjaitley and parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar had a meeting with azad and anand sharma.
the two ministers discussed all points to bring congress on board on gst bill.
the opposition party is also expected to corner the government in parliament on the recent arunachal pradesh issue in wake of the supreme court judgment reinstating the congress regime in the state.
with the valley in a state of lockdown from sunday midnight, union home minister amit shah monday informed parliament the centres decision to do away with special status conferred to the state of jammu-kashmir.
notwithstanding opposition in raja sabha, the bjp, in a single stroke, has realised its longstanding demand, and a key election promise, to revoke the special provisions accorded to the state.
advertisingthe scrapping of the special status would mean that the centre doesnt need to consult the state legislature before enacting laws applicable to the valley, non-kashmiri residents will be allowed to buy property, kashmir will no longer have a separate constitution, among other things.
shah also tabled a bill in rajya sabha that seeks to split the state into two union terrorities: ladakh and jammu-kashmir.
calling article 370 a temporary provision, shah said j&k will truly become an integral part of india after its abrogation.
shah told the house that jammu and kashmirs statehood will be restored at an appropriate time when normalcy returns.
rajya sabha passes bill to divide j&k into two union territoriesthe rajya sabha on monday passed the jammu and kashmir reorganisation bill, 2019 that seeks to divide the state into two union territories of ladakh and jammu kashmir, with 125 mps voting in favour and 61 against it.
advertisingapart from this, the jammu and kashmir reservation (2nd amendment) bill was also passed in the upper house of parliament.
besides, the rajya sabha also approved the resolution to scrap the special status provided to the state under article 370.
both will now come up in the lok sabha on tuesday.
key takeaways of j&k reorganisation billthe union territory (ut) of jammu and kashmir will have a lieutenant governor and the maximum strength of its assembly will be of 107 seats which will be further enhanced to 114 after a delimitation exercise, according to a bill.
with the passage of the bill, the existing legislative council in jammu and kashmir stands abolished.
every member of the assembly thereof ceases to be such member and all bills pending in the legislative council shall lapse, the bill states.
the presidential order has now extended all the provisions of the indian constitution to jammu & kashmir.
there shall be a council of ministers in the union territory of j&k, the bill said, consisting of not more than ten per cent of the total number of members in the legislative assembly, with the chief minister at the head to aid and advise the lieutenant governor.
critics bsp, aap, tdp support bill in parliament, jd(u) opposesthe government also received support in the parliament from unlikely quarters, with staunch critics like mayawatis bsp and aam aadmi party (aap) backing the bill.
apart from bsp and aap, fence-sitters like naveen patnaiks bjd, jagan mohan reddys ysrcp, bodoland peoples front (bdf), trs and tdp also supported the j&k reorganisation bill, which provides for the formation of the union territory of ladakh without legislature and a separate one for jammu and kashmir with the legislature.
nda allies shiv sena, aiadmk and sad also backed the government move amid a massive uproar by the opposition.
however, ndas ally jd(u), however, chose to stage a walkout as soon as home minister amit shah moved the resolution on article 370 and the bifurcation bill.
all you need to know about the jammu & kashmir reorganisation billspecial status in other statesapart from jammu & kashmir, the special provisions under article 370 are also accorded in the northeast, which aims at preserving their tribal culture.
article 371a states that no act of parliament shall apply to the state of nagaland in respect of the religious or social practices of the nagas, its customary law and procedure, administration of civil and criminal justice involving decisions according to naga customary law and ownership and transfer of land and its resources.
article 371-g, which deals with special provisions with respect to mizoram, has similar nature.
article 371b deals with the special provision with respect to the state of assam.
the main objective of inserting article 371b was to facilitate the creation of the sub-state meghalaya.
article 371c deal with special provisions with respect to manipur which became a state in 1972.
articles 371f, 371h talk about special provisions with respect to states of sikkim, and arunachal pradesh.
meanwhile, special provisions with respect to andhra pradesh, karnataka, goa are dealt with in articles 371d and 371e, 371j, 371i respectively.
article 370 has not been scrapped but kashmirs special status has gonethe presidential order signed by the president has not scrapped article 370.
but invoking this very article special status of jammu & kashmir has been withdrawn.
thus article 370 is very much on the statute book.
since presidential order of august 5 has extended all the provisions of the constitution to kashmir, fundamental rights chapter has now been extended and therefore discriminatory provisions of article 35-a have now become unconstitutional.
president also may withdraw article 35-a.
how the drama in kashmir unfoldedthe drama started unfolding from the last week of july when the centre deployed about 10,000 central forces personnel in kashmir, saying it was to strengthen counter-insurgency operations and law and order duties.
the panic escalated when the jammu & kashmir administration, in an advisory issued on friday, cancelled the amarnath yatra and asked the pilgrims to return immediately citing terror threats.
rumours flew as many pointed to the intelligence inputs about threats of militant attack for the series of developments in kashmir, while others speculated that some big announcements over articles 35a and 370 were being planned.
tourists, amarnath yatra pilgrims and out-station students of nit started leaving the kashmir valley on saturday.
with heightening tensions, the regional leaders, in an all-party meeting, unanimously resolved to fight any attempt to abrogate the constitutional provisions that grant the state the special status or any move to trifurcate the state.
however, soon after this meet, authorities stepped up the security at sensitive areas in the valley, suspending mobile internet, broadband and cable connections and putting prominent leaders like mehbooba mufti and omar abdullah under house arrest.
section 144 of crpc act was imposed from 6 am on sunday.
hours after the rajya sabha passed the jammu & kashmir reorganisation bill, former chief ministers omar abdullah and mehboob mufti were arrested.
how politicians, actors, sportspersons reacted to j&k movepublic personalities from diverse fields like politics, sports and entertainment expressed their opinions on the change of status quo in jammu and kashmir.
both omar abdullah and mehbooba mufti, who are presently under arrest in srinagar, sharply condemned the modi governments decision.
pakistans prime minister imran khan termed the indian governments move illegal, saying it will further deteriorate relations between the two nuclear-capable nations.
finance minister arunjaitley congratulated prime minister narendra modi and union home minister amit shah for correcting a historical wrong.
director ekta kapoor said the union governments decision was radical but need of the hour, while she hoped for the safety of the kashmiris.
vivek oberoi termed it as the greatest homage to all those brave army personnel martyred for the dream of a united india.
actor richa chadha tweeted that whatever happens in politics, let there be no bloodshed, let sense prevail.
were one, all indians.
we are a peaceful people.
we believe in compassion, not coercionadvertisingheres to more inclusiveness.
may there be peace and love.
#article370, tweeted former cricketer mohammad kaif while suresh raina stated, heres to more inclusiveness.
may there be peace and love.
#article370.
anjum chopra hailed the move as a good and bold move.
loss of lives and uncertainty in the valley has to be addressed someday, she added.
the tourism ministry has organised a global investors summit, during which it expects to attract investment worth rs 50,000 crore for the tourism sector.
the three-day summit, beginning here on wednesday, will be inaugurated by finance minister arun jaitley.
minister of state for culture mahesh sharma and andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu will also be present.
watch what else is making news:speaking to reporters on tuesday, tourism secretary vinod zutshi said the ministry wants to achieve a make in india in the tourism sector.
pointing out the gap between demand and supply in the sector, he said that india needed 1.
92 lakh hotel rooms apart from enhanced travel infrastructure, catering and other requirements for the growing number of tourists.
the ministry has invited all the states, which will come up with their investment needs and projects.
four knowledge partners  ernst & young, kpmg, yes bank and invest india  will assist the states in identifying projects as per their requirements.
banks, investors, entertainment companies, hoteliers, infrastructure developers and venture capitalists will also participate in the summit  an initiative of the tourism ministry, tourism finance corporation of india and confederation of indian industry.
the ministry has also conducted road shows in the us, uae, thailand, hong kong, shanghai, singapore, gujarat and mumbai to attract investors.
fire tender outside parliament where fire broke out in room no.
50.
(source: ani photo) fire tender outside parliament where fire broke out in room no.
50.
(source: ani photo)a day before the union budget, fire broke out in room no.
50 of parliament, according to new agency ani.
at least twelve fire tenders were rushed to the spot to douse the flames.
finance minister arunjaitley is scheduled to present the union budget on wednesday.
according to a fire department official, ups kept in a room of parliament house catched fire.
the flames was doused within 15 minutes.
b'in a bid to establish its presence in the north-east ahead of the assam assembly polls,the bjp today began its national executive meeting here with the partys top leadership focusing on corruption,price rise and development of the region.
the two-day meet,held in the north-east for the first time,was inaugurated by party president nitin gadkari in the presence of senior leaders l k advani,sushma swaraj and arun jaitley.
the closed-door meeting is being attended by 350 delegates with chief ministers of seven bjp ruled states,former party president venkaiah naidu,partys assam in-charge varun gandhi,former rajya sabha deputy chairperson najma heptulla,partys mahila morcha president and television actress smriti irani,former rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje scindia among others.
chief ministers narendra modi (gujarat),b s yeddyurappa (karnataka),shivraj singh (madhya pradesh),arjun munda (jharkhand),raman kumar (chattisgarh),r p nishank (uttarakhand) and p k dhumal (himachal pradesh) were present in the meeting.
the income tax department, enforcement directorate and other agencies have seized rs 141.
13 crore worth of new currency notes of rs 2,000 and rs 500 crore while acting in different parts of the country, lok sabha was informed friday.
of this amount, rs 110 crore was seized by the it department, rs 4.
54 crore seized by ed, rs 26.
21 crore by the cbi and rs 38 lakh by the dri, finance minister arunjaitley said during question hour.
all new indian currency notes of rs 2,000 and rs 500 denominations seized by the ed are deposited in sbi or any nationalised banks so that they come back in circulation, he said.
jaitely said all government agencies including ed, cbi, it department and department of revenue intelligence have pan-india presence with requisite officials posted in headquarters, various zonal and regional units to conduct actions against blackmoney hoarders.
since june 2014, the ec had given at least 11 reminders to the centre seeking funds for vvpat machines.
(representational image) since june 2014, the ec had given at least 11 reminders to the centre seeking funds for vvpat machines.
(representational image)the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendra modi, cleared the election commissions proposal to buy new voter verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) machines on wednesday.
ahead of the 2019 general elections, the ec has been given the go ahead to procure 16,15,000 units, at an estimated base price of rs. 3,173.
47 crore.
since june 2014, the ec has reportedly given at least 11 reminders to the centre seeking funds for vvpat machines.
amount of rs. 3173 crores have been approved to acquire 16.
15 lakh vvpat machines, confirmed finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday, reported news agency ani.
a vvpat machine dispenses a slip  called a ballot slip  with the serial number, name and symbol of the chosen candidate which a person has voted for.
the voters see the voter-verifiable paper audit trail slip for seven seconds after which it drops into a sealed box, which would be proof of the party he or she has voted for.
the centre has additionally picked bengaluru-based m/s bharat electronics ltd and m/s electronics corporation of india ltd from hyderabad to manufacture the units.
it has directed the price negotiation committee to negotiate the final unit price.
earlier, the supreme court had asked the ec to give a tentative period of time by which it can use vvpat machines in all polling stations.
b'subhash chandra subhash chandrain his biography the z factor, television mogul subhash chandra has been extraordinarily candid about his past.
he acknowledges what was long suspected: that he profiteered enormously from dubious rice deals with the soviets in the early 1980s.
he was awarded a lucrative contract to export basmati to russia, on the understanding that he would share 50 per cent of his profit with his benefactors in the congress party.
chandra confesses that it was rajiv gandhi who steered the deal his way through his aide vijay dhar.
chandra writes that he deposited half the share of profits, first with dhirendra brahmachari, then with sitaram kesri and finally with arun nehru.
an interesting sidelight to the story is that while the soviets were paying for expensive basmati rice, goyal cut corners by mixing basmati with the cheaper parmal variety.
the russians, unfamiliar with the various grades of indian rice, assumed that he was cheating them since their long-standing rice supplier, tulsi tanna, had only been supplying parmal and they thought parmal was the better quality rice.
chandra did not argue with the russians, but made even bigger profits by exporting only parmal henceforth.
kilogram indexat a luncheon party at minister for communications ravi shankar prasads residence, when bjp president amit shah was questioned by journalists on the poor state of the economy, shah retorted that the state of the economy should be judged not in terms of the rupee but in terms of kilogrammes and litres.
several journalists wondered what he meant.
what shah wanted to say was that the per capita consumption of staple goods had increased, even if the price of the rupee had fallen.
at the same party, finance minister arunjaitley was offered numerous suggestions on how to fix the fiscal deficit.
he joked that in india while most people are known to see themselves as experts on health and cricket, the new trend is to give advice on how to manage the economy.
togethernessthe oldest invitee at the beating the retreat function this year was 90-year-old n d tiwari, a veteran congressperson who has served over the years as central minister, chief minister and governor.
he came in a wheelchair steered by his son rohit shekhar, who was attired in identical clothes as his father, right down to the gandhi cap.
a few years ago, a court, acting on a paternity suit shekhar filed, had declared him to be tiwaris son.
falling apartvice-president hamid ansari was keen to study the 1920 law which created aligarh muslim university and asked parliament house library to send a copy of the act to his office.
the parliament house library could not oblige since the only available copy is in very poor condition and the pages crumble easily.
the document could not be removed from the bookshelf and transported.
an attempt to microfilm the papers proved futile since the microfilm was unreadable when magnified.
it was suggested that the vice-president personally visit the library.
instead, someone from his office was sent to clarify a particular date.
safe distancem natarajan, the husband of jayalalithaas aide sasikala, had managed to persuade president pranab mukherjee to attend his pongal celebrations in chennai on january 12.
however, mukherjees proposed visit was scuttled after the tamil nadu cm put her foot down and objected to a presidential visit at that point of time.
natarajan was, however, present at the presidents at home function at rashtrapati bhavan on republic day.
he was seen talking to bjp ministers and other dignitaries and discussing the forthcoming tamil nadu elections.
ias and ips officers from the tamil nadu cadre kept a safe distance from him.
they feared that if they were seen even greeting him, the news would be conveyed back to amma and they might by blackballed.
misusing his nameinitially, bihar cm nitish kumar wanted to appoint madan mohan jha as hrd minister in his council of ministers.
but c p joshi, congress general secretary incharge of bihar, informed the cm that rahul gandhi was keen that ashok choudhary, bihar congress president, be given the hrd portfolio.
recently, when the bihar cm met rahul he pointed out that choudhary had been made hrd minister on his request.
a shocked rahul made it clear that he had made no such suggestion.
subsequently, choudhary has had a tough time getting an appointment with the congress vice-president.
prime minister narendra modi (pti photo) prime minister narendra modi (pti photo)prime minister narendra modi on monday reviewed the preparedness for the new indirect tax regime gst  which will be rolled out from next month.
the meeting was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , revenue secretary hasmukh adhia and senior officers from the central board of excise and customs (cbec).
this was the first review by the pm after the gst council finalised the rates, and the second since may 2.
the gst council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising his state counterparts, has already finalised tax rates on almost all goods and services.
it will meet again on june 11 to review some of the rates and discuss other pending issues.
all goods and services have been put in slabs of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent, with the exception of gold and precious metals, which will attract 3 per cent gst, and rough diamond at 0.
25 per cent gst.
items like salt, milk, gur, egg, curd, unpacked foodgrain and paneer, fresh vegetables, unbranded atta, maida, besan, honey, besides education and health services, have all been exempted from gst.
tea, sugar, coffee beans, edible oil, packed paneer, milk powder, brooms, domestic lpg and kerosene have been put in the 5 per cent bracket.
according to the fitment of rates in various tax brackets, 81 per cent of the items will fall in/below 18 per cent slab.
only 19 per cent of the goods will attract gst above 18 per cent.
hair oil, soaps, jams, soups, ice cream, capital goods and computers will attract a 18 per cent levy.
those placed in the 28 per cent slab are custard powder, shampoo, perfume, make up items, chewing gum, motorcycle, cement and consumer durables.
the single-biggest taxation reform since independence, the goods and services tax (gst) will subsume 16 different taxes, including excise, service tax and vat, and make india a single market for seamless movement of goods and services.
jairam ramesh (congress) said no one government can take credit for gst.
(photo for representational purpose) jairam ramesh (congress) said no one government can take credit for gst.
(photo for representational purpose)the debate on four gst-related bills in rajya sabha wednesday touched upon lord hanuman, swami vivekananda and amitabh bachchan, besides messi, pele and maradona, as well as conversations between lord krishna and arjuna in the bhagwad gita and between bheeshma and yudhishthira in shanti parva of the mahabharata.
in a debate initiated by deputy leader of the congress anand sharma, derek obrien traced the history of the gst bill and went back to 2000 and the obsession with another abbreviation, kbc, a show anchored by bachchan.
i started with the famous quiz show, kaun banega crorepati, kbc.
at least, now we have answered the question that the nation has been asking, which is, kbc, kab banega consensus.
he added: the great footballers of the world, like, messi, pele, maradona, all had no.
10 jerseys; if our leader of the house had to wear a football jersey, it wouldnt be 10, it would be 110 because everything is article 110 [money bills] and comes through in this manner.
bhupendra yadav (bjp) quoted a letter by swami vivekananda in favour of free flow of trade which, yadav said, will be possible with gst.
he referred to the bheeshma-yudhishthira dialogue to explain an ideal tax collection system and ethos of governance.
as the bees collect honey from flowers gradually, the king should draw wealth gradually from his kingdom, yadav said.
naresh agrawal (sp) pointed out yadav hadnt named the king and must have meant modi raja.
agrawal described arunjaitley as amiable and drew a parallel, saying lord hanuman hanuman realised his power only when he was told about it.
jatileyji, you are our hanuman, the leader of this house and constitutional expert.
we are in support [of gst bills].
please take back the money bill.
jairam ramesh (congress) said no one government can take credit for gst and quoted a conversation between lord krishna and arjuna: die following your religion than following that of the other.
ramesh and congress colleague digvijaya singh said prime minister narendra modi, when gujarat cm, had opposed gst.
jaitley had two advantages, ramesh said.
he did not have a cussed obstructionist standing committee to deal with which took 28 months to submit its report.
and mr arunjaitley did not have a single-minded obstructionist cm with whom mr chidambaram and mr pranab mukherjee unfortunately had to deal with.
swamys concernsubramanian swamy (bjp) questioned the shareholding pattern in gstn, gsts it backbone, terming it a shady organisation and saying it was a grave security issue.
n gopalaswami (express archive photo) n gopalaswami (express archive photo)the cap of rs 2,000 per person on cash donations to political parties is a welcome move but the provisions can be made more stringent as parties can still find ways to bypass laws aimed at cleansing electoral system of black money, former chief election commissioners feel.
sceptical that parties can always hoodwink laws, they also suggest that efforts should be made to make donations to political parties totally cashless to usher in more transparency.
watch what else is in the newsthe former cecs, who had proposed a slew of electoral reforms in their tenure at the nirvachan sadan, said the election commission should also be given power under electoral laws to deregister parties which have not contested elections for a long time as they are being used as a conduit to convert black money.
as part of a major move proposed in the budget to cleanse the electoral system of black money, henceforth, political parties can receive only up to rs 2000 in cash donations.
as of now, the limit to accept political donations in cash is rs 20,000.
the poll panel had recently asked the government to reduce the cap from the present rs 20,000 to rs 2,000 by changing representation of the people act and the income tax act.
it is a welcome step though not an ideal one it is 90 per cent perfect.
after all, somewhere you have to start, said former cec h s brahma, who was succeeded by incumbent nasim zaidi.
he said while the cap has been reduced to rs 2,000 now, tomorrow, it can be zero.
there are several ways to donate money now  online, cheques, so why use cash at all in coming days it is a good beginning for the democracy and electoral reforms.
another former chief election commissioner n gopalaswami was a little sceptical.
what if the same story repeats (political parties can claim) 80 per cent or 90 per cent people gave us cash, they gave us less than rs 2,000.
then we are back to square one, he said.
he said the first step has been taken to reduce the cap on cash donations, by next year it will be clear if substantial receipts of political parties have some from cash donations.
he said if more than 10 per cent of the donations are received in amounts less than rs 2000, then the entire amount should be taxed.
the idea, n gopalaswami said, is that the cash part of it must be controlled.
he said most parties can claim that they receive re 1 as donation therefore, the cash flow should be checked and methods like electronic transfer and cash payment could be used.
he also suggested that ec should get powers under law to deregister parties which have not contested polls for long and only remain on paper.
they, he feared, are often used to convert black money.
the ec has already asked government to give it powers to deregister parties.
as of now, it can only delist parties for not contesting polls.
it had recently delisted 255 parties.
another former cec s y quraishi said the move is good but would have been better had the commission proposed ending all cash donations and pressing for a cashless system.
asked whether it would usher in more transparency, he said it will entail more paperwork for parties as they would seek to show most donations at under rs 2,000.
seeking to check the use of black money and curb money laundering in politics, the election commission has recommended that the government amend laws to allow exemption from tax only to parties that win seats in elections and ban anonymous contributions of rs 2,000 and above to parties.
section 13a of the income tax act, 1961 confers tax exemption to political parties for income from house property, income by way of voluntary contributions, income from capital gains and income from other sources.
only income under the head salaries and income from business or profession is tax chargeable, for political parties.
the commission had proposed that exemption of income tax should only be extended to political parties that contest elections and win seats in lok sabha or assembly polls.
there is also no constitutional or statutory prohibition on the receipt of anonymous donations by political parties.
but there is an indirect partial ban on anonymous donations through the requirement of declaration of donations under section 29c of the representation of the people act, 1951.
but such declarations are mandated only for contributions above rs 20,000.
as per the proposed amendment, sent by the commission to the government, anonymous contributions above or equal to the amount of rs two thousand should be prohibited.
supreme court of india.
(file photo) supreme court of india.
(file photo)the supreme court on monday rejected a petition seeking postponement of union budget date due to upcoming elections in five states.
dismissing the petition, a bench headed by chief justice j s khehar said that the budget can presented as scheduled as there is no illustration to support that the presentation of union budget would influence voters mind in state elections.
the bench, also comprising justices n v ramana and d y chandrachud, did not grant opportunity to lawyer m l sharma, who had filed the pil in personal capacity, to come back to it if the centre violated the model code of conduct in its budget, to be presented on february one.
watch video | election commission puts conditions for government to present budget on february 1referring to constitutional provisions, the court said there are clear divisions of subjects, union, state and concurrent, in the constitution and the presentation of union budget cannot be dependant on state polls which keep happening.
it was not impressed with the arguments that the centre may announce sops for the voters of the states going for polls in the budget, saying your argument is absurd.
this way you will say the party in power at centre should not contest state polls.
the bench did not agree with the submission that in the past, centre had postponed presentation of budget due to assembly polls.
the pil has said the centre be directed to present the budget in the financial year 2017-18 which would commence from april 1, instead of the proposed february 1 date.
it has also said the government be restrained from declaring any relief, programme, financial budget until the states elections are over as they would violate the model code of conduct.
sweeping aside objections raised by opposition parties, the government had decided to present the union budget on february 1.
opposition parties including congress and tmc had approached the election commission against presentation of the budget just hours before the first of the five states goes to poll on february 4.
but the government stoutly defended the move.
according to the scheme drawn, the first part of the budget session of parliament will start on january 31 with president pranab mukherjees address and tabling of the economic survey, which sets the scene for finance minister arunjaitley fourth annual budget.
the budget will be presented the next day.
the cabinet had in september last year decided to scrap nearly century-long practice of having a separate railway budget and instead merged it with the general budget.
it had also decided to scrap a distinction between plan and non-plan expenditures.
finance minister arun jaitley.
finance minister arun jaitley.
finance minister arunjaitley discussed various issues, including issuance of masala bonds and future plans of the new development bank (ndb) during his meeting with the head of the multilateral funding agency k v kamath.
the bilateral meeting, which took place yesterday, focused on the steps required in expanding the banks operations in india, including project pipeline.
they also discussed the banks operational plans for 2017, the finance ministry said in a statement issued today.
the forthcoming masala bond issuance by the ndb was also discussed, it said.
the ndb, which is holding a three-day board of governors and directors meeting here, was created by the brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) countries with an objective of financing infrastructure and sustainable development projects in its member countries.
ndb complements the efforts of other existing financial institutions to realise the common goal of global growth.
the founding members of the ndb have put in capital of usd 1.
5 billion thus far as capital contribution.
the ndb is also planning to raise up to usd 500 million through masala bonds and increase its exposure to infrastructure projects in india to around usd 600-700 million during the year.
union finance minister arunjaitley union finance minister arun jaitleyindicating that the long-pending gst bill can see a forward movement in the next session of parliament, finance minister arunjaitley monday expressed confidence that legislation activity can proceed at a faster face with the increase in strength of those parties which support bills in the rajya sabha and do not obstruct.
the fact is that bjp and nda and a lot of other parties which support legislation and do not obstruct have increased their numbers.
i am hopeful legislation activity can proceed much more now, he told reporters.
he was asked about the implications of results of the recent rajya sabha elections that saw a dip in congress numbers, and the prospect of the gst bill, blocked by the main opposition party seeking amendments, which the government is not keen on.
jaitley parried questions over rbi governor raghuram rajan, whose continuation has been strongly opposed by bjp mp subramanian swamy, and said we do not discuss these matters through media.
asked if he will approach aiadmk, which has opposed the gst bill but is seen to be more open to the governments push, he said, as far as aiadmk is concerned we have talked to them in past and will definitely speak to them again.
we will be approaching every political party without exception.
b'uttarakhand chief minister harish rawat uttarakhand chief minister harish rawatback in favoursuccess usually brings doting followers.
until recently, uttarakhand cm harish rawat, battling a purported sting and desertion of nine mlas, cut a lonely figure in the state.
but having won the floor test, he now has a crowd behind him, even when he faces cbi summons.
rawat is scheduled to appear before the cbi on tuesday in connection with the purported sting and the entire uttarakhand congress has descended on the capital.
hundreds of followers plan to accompany him to the cbi office.
bad luckthe government may have ordered an inquiry into power outages during mos piyush goyals press conference last week, but bjp insiders have a different story.
goyal, according to them, had been warned that may 20 was not an auspicious day and that the first press conference to publicise the governments achievements in the last two years should not be launched that day.
but he did not pay heed to such superstitions.
now, those who believed in the inauspicious day theory are worried about other press meets lined up as part of ndas second anniversary celebrations, and are now looking for upcoming auspicious days.
short cutwhen a tv channel run by the family of congress leader rajiv shukla cut short a live interview with former law minister kapil sibal, the congress leadership was not too happy.
the reason was that the channel, just before sibals interview was to be aired, carried an interview with finance minister arun jaitley.
an upset sibal, who had agreed to the interview only on being asked by the leadership, took strong exception to the decision of the channel, which tried to make amends by running his interview at least a couple of times in the next 24 hours.
in for a fightlast week, congress leader digvijaya singh caused a furore with his surgery remark following the partys assembly polls debacle.
later this week, the former madhya pradesh cm will get to show his own skills, having been chosen by the party to take on pm narendra modi in his lok sabha constituency varanasi.
on may 26, the day the bjp government completes two years in office, the congress plans to hold a series of press meets against the government.
and singh is set to lead the charge in varanasi.
b'finance minister arunjaitley chaired the meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers.
(express photo: neeraj priyadarshi| file) finance minister arunjaitley chaired the meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers.
(express photo: neeraj priyadarshi| file)the centre and states have agreed on the principle to keep goods and services tax (gst) rates lower than the current levels of taxes.
union finance minister arunjaitley chaired the meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers in new delhi on tuesday to discuss the gst bill which has been passed in the lok sabha but is stuck in the rajya sabha.
it was also agreed to include in the constitutional amendment bill the mechanism of compensating states for any loss of revenue in the first five years of gst subsuming all indirect tax levies including vat.
talking to media after the meeting, west bengal finance minister and the panel chairman amit mitra said there was broad agreement on the principle that the ordinary businessman and the common man will benefit from introduction of gst by way of lower tax rates while the states will not face any loss of revenue.
there was consensus to keep the gst rate out of the bill, a key demand earlier cited by the congress.
a businesses of less than 1.
5 crore rupees turnover should be under states control and the above 1.
5 crore rupees will be under dual control of states and centre, he added.
the government is keen to get the gst bill approved during the current monsoon session of parliament ending on august 12.
watch video: whats making newsit is facing opposition from the congress which wants a low tax rate to be part of the constitutional amendment bill.
it also demands that 1 percent additional tax in hands of states over and above the gst rate be scrapped.
b'three more complaints were on monday filed against karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa and others in connection with alleged land scam cases even as the bjp is mulling a strategy to deal with the political situation arising out of the governors sanction to prosecute him.
the complaints filed by advocate sirajin basha relate to the alleged illegal transfer of land,abuse of power,criminal conspiracy,cheating and securing of illegal gain for the kith and kin of the chief minister and those associated with him.
the chief minister has been named as common accused in all the three complaints filed in the 23rd additional city and civil sessions court and the two complaints filed on sunday.
the chief ministers son,in-laws,and companies that allegedly benefitted from the land deals were named as accused in the complaints.
as per the complaints,yeddyurappa and others had allegedly secured monetary gain of over rs 189 crore and caused a loss to the exchequer to the tune of over rs 465 crore.
sirajin basha is one of the two advocates on whose petitions governor h r bhardwaj gave the sanction for prosecution proceedings against yeddyurappa.
bjp had dubbed the sanction as constitutionally improper and politically motivated.
yeddyurappa had met senior leaders l k advani and arunjaitley in delhi yesterday to chalk out a strategy to deal with the political situation arising out of the governors sanction to prosecute him for his alleged involvement in land scams.
ltcg formulation is not only flawed in design, but also likely to yield very little tax revenue.
ltcg formulation is not only flawed in design, but also likely to yield very little tax revenue.
in my previous article, (revolutions and regression, ie, february 10) i had argued that the imposition of a long-term capital gains tax (ltcg) was not a good idea because the tax revenue obtained from its imposition was not likely to be large.
in this article, i document, according to various methods, that the ltcg formulation is not only flawed in design, but also likely to yield very little tax revenue.
at the same time, it manifestly increases the discretionary power of the taxman and this has its own set of governance problems.
in the run-up to the budget, i had pointed out (as had others) that the government had set up a committee headed by arbind modi to provide a new direct tax policy; hence, few expected that finance minister arunjaitley would tinker with the direct tax schedule.
this was not to be, because tinker he did.
that it was manifestly not worth the tinkering is documented below.
but first, the legitimate problem of stock price manipulation and the evasion of taxes.
there is a well-known promoter-operator network which manipulates the prices of penny stocks, drives the price upward, and the operator-promoters then cash out at a higher price (a year or so later), and pay no tax.
there is thus an element of double corruption involved.
there is very little data available on the exact magnitude of this manipulation/tax avoidance but it is something that should be handled by the tax authorities in a better manner than punishing 99.
9 per cent of investors because of the corruption of very few.
as i have repeatedly emphasised, the best tax policy for the taxman is one that maximises tax revenue, and not one that maximises his morality, or his employment, or his discretionary powers.
with that in mind, let us explore what the imposition of the ltcg tax will do for tax revenue.
in his budget speech, arunjaitley made the following statement the total amount of exempted capital gains from listed shares and units is around rs 3,67,000 crore as per returns filed for a.y.17/18.
subsequently, this was repeated by finance secretary hasmukh adhia.
this is an eye-popping tax revenue gazing figure; at a tax rate of 10 per cent, this is an additional rs 36.
7 thcr (thousand crore) of tax-revenue.
but is this estimate of tax-revenue likely to be correct for an average year in the future?
very unlikely in our view, and we attempt to document this conclusion below according to several different assumptions.
first: the stock market gained an average amount of only 3.
9 per cent in fy17 (or assessment year 17-18), the year for which the taxman claims to have lots of exempted capital gain income.
the ministry of finance (mof) has provided detailed income data for all taxpayers for the four years 2011/12 through 2014/15.
between 2010/11 and 2014/15, the average value of the sensex increased from 18,607 to 26,531, a gain of 43 per cent, or a compounded annual gain of 8.
8 per cent a year  more than twice the gain recorded in 2016/17.
according to the mof website, cumulative and all ltcg income (that accruing from stocks, property, gold etc) for four years was rs 279 thcr.
in 2016/17, with just a 2.
8 per cent increase in the stock market, it is very unlikely that an income gain of rs 367 thcr was possible (see table 1).
second: the accumulated stcg (short-term capital gains) income, for these four years, was just rs 125 thcr, yielding an annual tax revenue of 4,700 crore (at a 15 per cent tax rate).
but what percentage of stock market gains are short-term (and hence what proportion is long-term?
).
a difficult question to answer, but one extreme case is that short-term trades are only 25 per cent of total trades.
this implies that ltcg income is three times the stcg income, that is, for the four years, around rs 375 thcr.
but all long-term capital gains (stocks, property, etc) were just rs 279 thcr or (279/125), 2.
2 times stcg income  so three times is a huge over-estimate.
a reasonable liberal estimate (based on the recent 2011/12-2014/15 experience) is that long-term capital gains income for stocks alone is 1.
5 times stcg income.
hence, for the four years for which we have tax data, the cumulative four-year long-term gains from the stock market is 1.
5*125 or rs 188 thcr, or a maximum of rs 47 thcr a year.
and remember, this is with the sensex gaining an average 8.
8 per cent a year, and not the paltry 2.
8 per cent increase experienced in 2016/17.
this number is just 13 per cent of the rs 367 thcr claimed by finance ministry officials.
now, let us take the high market growth year of 2014/15  reported stcg income for this year was rs 73 thcr.
it is likely that in years of high stock market increases, more long-term sellers enter the market, in order to avail of a zero tax benefit i.
e.
they sell, so they can pay no tax on high income gains.
this would mean that exempted long-term stock market gains in a good stock market year would be no more than rs 73 thcr  less than a fifth of that assumed by the mof.
there is an alternative long-term calculation.
the kelkar direct taxes task force of 2002 (with arbind modi as a senior member and myself as a pro-bono researcher) estimated that the long-term tax revenue being foregone in 2002/3 via the elimination of a 20 per cent tax rate on ltcg was rs 1,000 crore.
this implies that the estimated ltcg income in 2002/3 would have been rs 5000 crore.
the stock market increased by 8.
5 times between 2002/3 (sensex equal to 3,203) and 2016/17 (sensex equal to 2,73,40).
hence, long-term capital gains income (assuming buying and selling behaviour has stayed the same on average over the last 15 years) in 2016/17 would be estimated to be approximately 8.
5*5,000 or approximately rs 43 thcr.
no matter what the method, or the assumption, long-term capital gains income in 2016/17 is unlikely to have exceeded rs 50 thcr, and most likely a lower number.
this is less than one-sixth of the mof estimate.
hence, the imposition of a 10 per cent ltcg tax rate is unlikely to yield more than rs 5000 crore in tax revenue.
one final note about the tax revenues gained from both long-term and short-term capital gains.
the mof website also contains an estimate of a loss set-off for each of the four years.
this set-off includes losses in business because such losses are allowed to be set-off against long-term capital gains.
if the new ltcg tax is implemented, there will be an additional category under set-off  long-term capital losses.
in any case, it is revealing that after accounting for set-offs, the mof has gained, on average, just rs 3000 crore a year.
the 2002 kelkar report had advocated the abolishment of ltcg tax, the abolishment of dividend tax, the retention of short-term tax to 10 per cent and the introduction of the securities transaction tax  stt.
average annual stt revenue has been around rs 7,000 crore, and is forecast to be rs 11,000 crore in 2018/19.
regardless of market direction, stt makes revenue for the taxman.
isnt it much simpler to increase stt by 25 per cent?
this will yield rs 3,000 crore more per year,what is clear is that there is no historical data which suggests that exempted long-term capital gains amount to anything close to the rs 367 thcr figure claimed by the mof for 2016/17.
it would seem prudent for the ministry to withdraw this tax proposal and state that they will act once the arbind modi report becomes available.
until then, the mof should find a method to identify the penny stock manipulators.
that will be a win-win for all.
ps: there is one consistent explanation for the possibility that rs. 367 thcr were actually declared in income-tax returns despite 2016-17 not showing much returns for the average investor.
could this be the effect of demonetization i.
e.
the stock market being used to launder black cash?
even if this is the case (like the promoter-operator nexus) it requires a very different policy response than the imposition of a tax on future long-term capital gains.
b'rahul gandhi in lok sabha rahul gandhi in lok sabhacongress vice-president rahul gandhi on wednesday attacked modi government in the lok sabha over series of issues including, black money, inflation, rohith vemulas death and jnu row.
criticising the union budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley , gandhi said the black money policy adopted by the government is nothing but a fair & lovely scheme.
those who have black money can pay some tax and simply convert it into white.
its a fair & lovely scheme, said gandhi.
watch | country is not the pm, pm is not the country: rahul gandhi in lok sabhahere are his top quotes#i am not from rss, i make mistakes and learn from them#modi ji had promised that he will put people with black money behind bars, now they have come up with way to save those people.
their policy to check black money is nothing but a fair & lovely scheme# before elections modi ji said dal is 70 rs/kg and he promised to bring down prices,but now dal is 200 rs/kg# arunjaitley came to me and said that there was no better scheme than mnrega, i asked him why he doesnt tell that to his boss# modis make in india logo has a babbar sher.
govt shows that babar sher when asked about how many jobs it has created# modi hasnt called rohith vemulas mother yet#why didnt prime minister utter a word when teachers and media were attacked# i had heard kanhaiya kumars whole speech, not a word in his speech was anti-national# which religion teaches to assault teachers.
# you have been taught by your teachers in rss,that there is only 1 truth in universe,your own & that nobody elses opinion matters.
# when 26/11 operations were on, our citizens and soldiers were dying, govt of india begged the then gujarat cm to not visit mumbai, but he dint listen and disturbed the operation.
# the country is not the pm, the pm is not the country# country is trying to give him (pm) a message, but he is not listening.
he is listening to sushma ji, rajnath ji, i suggest him to listen the voice of india.
reacting to gandhis speech, bjp mp prahlad joshi said, dont know if rahul ji was giving vote of thanks to president or speaking in a rally.
b'former pm manmohan singh speaks in rajya sabha on friday.
pti photo former pm manmohan singh speaks in rajya sabha on friday.
pti photothe first round in the tussle over categorisation of bills as money bills went to the government on friday, with rajya sabha deputy chairperson p j kurien referring the andhra pradesh reorganisation bill to lok sabha after objection from finance minister arunjaitley , who argued that it could not be introduced in the upper house.
the bill, moved by congress mp k v p rao, sought special status for the state through a constitutional amendment.
the special status was promised by the upa government at the time of andhra pradeshs bifurcation in 2014.
it had at the time received support of the then main opposition, bjp.
making a rare intervention, former prime minister manmohan singh asked the government to fulfill the assurances given to the state two years ago.
singh said: i, as the then prime minister, (had) made six promises on the floor of this august house.
the then leader of the opposition, and now the leader of the house, shri arunjaitley , satisfied with these promises, withdrew all the amendments he had proposed.
sir, in light of these promises, i urge the union government to implement and, thereby, protect the honour of this august house.
jaitley said the government was ready to provide every assistance to andhra pradesh to compensate it for the losses it has faced due to bifurcation but was non-committal on the demand for special status.
the question, however, got sidelined in the house amid a debate on whether the bill was a money bill and, thus, whether it can be introduced in the upper house.
jaitley argued that it was a money bill and therefore could be introduced only in lok sabha while the congress countered it.
kurien finally referred it to the lok sabha, citing a rule that says in the event the presiding officer of rajya sabha is in doubt whether a bill was a money bill or not, it must be referred to the lok sabha speaker, whose decision in this regard is final.
this settled just one of the battles between the government and the opposition on bills that can be classified as money bills.
the question will return to parliament in the winter session, when the government brings two bills related to the implementation of gst.
even as they supported the constitutional amendment, members of the opposition told the government that the two bills must not be classified as money bills.
constitutional provisions say that money bills can be introduced only in lok sabha.
the opposition accuses the government of classifying even routine bills as money bills to avoid a situation in which it is amended or defeated in rajya sabha, where the government does not have a majority.
jaitley on friday reiterated the governments stand that the constitution had clearly defined what kinds of bills can be categorised as such.
kapil sibal of the congress argued that every legislation has some financial implication, and that bills that are only about money and nothing else should be classified as money bills.
congress vice president rahul gandhi, meanwhile, criticised the bjp and its ally in andhra pradesh, the telugu desam party, for betraying the people by not passing the bill.
modiji a reminder: the decision 2grant [to grant] spl [special] category status 2andhra [to andhra] was taken by the parl(iament) of this country in 2014.
today, 5 cr ppl [people] of andhra are watching bjp-tdp betray them, rahul said on twitter.
amid call for opposition unity to take on bjp post assembly polls in five states, ncp on friday said the writing on the wall was clear for congress and asked it to respect everyone to halt the saffron partys juggernaut by stitching alliance.
it also dismissed the bjps claims of congress-mukt bharat (congress-free india), saying the situation was instead of a congress-yukt bharat, referring to the outcome of assembly polls in punjab, manipur and goa.
the congress gained majority in punjab and emerged the single largest party in manipur and goa in the polls held during february and march.
the message for the congress (post uttarakhand and uttar pradesh polls) is clear, respect everyone and expect everyone.
in order to fight the bjp ideologically, politically and electorally, we should have alliance of all democratic political parties, ncp leader d p tripathi said.
tripathi, a rajya sabha mp, said such alliance should be forged, beginning with polls scheduled for the current year including the presidents election.
replying to a query, he supported congress vice president rahul gandhi for charging the bjp with stealing governments in goa and manipur.
the bjp engaged in horse trading there, he alleged.
tripathi also criticised goa governor mridula sinha for allegedly consulting finance minister arunjaitley before the bjp staked claim for forming government in the coastal state despite not being the single largest party there.
she (sinha) herself has said in an interview (to an english daily) that she spoke to the finance minister after the single largest party there, congress, did not show up (to stake claim for forming government).
this is unheard of a governor speaking to finance minister on such issues, unconstitutional, tripathi said.
to a question on lone ncp mla from goa, churchill alemao, backing the bjp during floor test, tripathi said the party has already issued show cause notice to him and sought explanation.
he said the election commission is duty-bound to look into electronic voting machines tampering complaints made by some opposition parties after the assembly polls in five states.
the ncp leader also hit out at clerics in assam for issuing fatwa against 16-year-old singer from the state, nahid afrin, asking her to stay away from music programmes as it is against sharia.
the fatwa is against islam and constitution.
such people should be immediately arrested, he said.
tripathi also demanded that the centre took steps and asked pakistan to trace head priest of hazrat nizamuddin dargah syed asif nizami and his nephew nazim nizami, who have gone missing in the neighbouring country.
meanwhile, india has taken up the matter with pakistan, external affairs minister sushma swaraj has said.
atms in several states, including andhra pradesh, telangana, and poll-bound karnataka have run out of cash, creating a panic among people.
while the centre has argued that the grim situation is a result of unusual spurt in demand for cash, the opposition is leaving no stone unturned to attack the modi government over the current crisis.
what is the current cash crunch?
as many as six statesgujarat, eastern maharashtra, madhya pradesh, bihar, andhra pradesh and telanganahave complained of cash shortage with atms going dry.
there have been reports of non-availability of cash in delhi tooa stark reminder of the post-demonetisation phase.
read also: cash crunch live updates: atms go dry in some states; opposition attacks pm modiwhat is the governments stand on the crisis?
jaitley said he has reviewed the currency situation in the country.
the government is checking with banks and the reserve bank of india to ensure adequate supply of currency.
economic affairs secretary subhash chandra garg said that the government will step up printing of rs 500 notes by five times in order to meet an unusual spurt in demand for cash.
how much has the demand increased?
according to the government, the demand for cash has gone up from the monthly average of rs 19,000-20,000 crore in the country to about rs 40,000-45,000 crore per month, in the first 13 days of april itself.
this unusual spurt in demand is seen in states including andhra pradesh, telangana, karnataka, mp and bihar, where many of the atms are running dry and bank branches short of cash.
how much cash does the government actually has?
according to the economic affairs secretary, the government currently has rs 1.
75 lakh crore of currency in reserves, which is sufficient to take care of the increased demand.
the government says its stock preparation is enough to tackle any kind of cash crunch arising at any point of time.
in the last few days, the government has stepped up currency printing.
as against rs 500 crore worth of notes being printed per day, it is now being increased to rs 2,500 crore per day.
though the government has halted printing of rs 2,000 notes recently as about rs 6.
7 lakh crore worth of rs 2,000 notes have already been pumped into the market, it has no plans immediately to restart production of rs 2,000 notes.
when will the situation improve?
the secretary said that there are two ways in which the situation can become normal.
if the demand becomes normal, then the government doesnt need to increase supply.
in the second scenario, the government should meet as much demand as is there, but that could create a new normal for currency usage.
we are prepared for the new normal.
we are prepared for both scenarios, said the economic affairs secretary.
b'prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi.
(pti photo)prime minister narendra modi has just launched the start-up india scheme, first alluded to on independence day last year.
in the interim five months, the aspiration, the reality and the stretch goal of this initiative have been coming into focus.
first, the aspiration.
as several entrepreneurs said at the event, we should take it upon ourselves to imagine and implement solutions to our own problems.
who better to look to for insight than those living with the issues?
of course, theres no point reinventing the wheel.
wherever similar problems have been identified and partly solved elsewhere, we should unabashedly borrow solutions, giving credit where it is due.
part of the aspiration also, as mos for finance, jayant sinha, reminds us, is that there is a real opportunity here for indian entrepreneurs to provide solutions to the developing world, much as the united states has provided solutions for the developed world.
this aspiration makes eminent sense.
after all, mobile money solutions from east africa and low-cost medical diagnostics from india have speedily disseminated across the developing world already, as ready proof-of-concept.
of course, every country is busy developing along its own path, with idiosyncratic problems.
nonetheless, there is some commonality across the classes of problems.
for example, the idea of innovating under scarcity, and of ensuring access to the disenfranchised, are generalised concerns across at least four of the worlds seven billion people.
turn next to the reality.
full marks are due to the pm for tapping into the enthusiasm of our youth.
they are the engines of entrepreneurship across india.
beyond these celebratory exhortations, we have already made incremental, but solid, progress on substantive policies.
if one looks at numerous surveys on the web about the pet peeves of entrepreneurs, foremost among these are the tax burden and the regulatory morass in which small companies must wallow.
this is enervating, the kiss of death.
that the fm has responded is excellent news.
but we should also be mindful not just of those who are already entrepreneurs, but those who aspire to be.
their voices are unheard in these web surveys.
think, for example, of the millions who benefit from microfinance today.
some are capable of much more.
these would-be entrepreneurs would likely put capital scarcity high up on their list of problems, as they would the difficulty of getting relevant skills to further realise their potential.
we should think of start-up and stand-up as applying to the broadest swathes of our society, not just e-commerce and mobile apps, as important as these are.
still on the substantive reality, its encouraging that policy machinery is coming into place.
recently, i had the honour of chairing the expert committee on entrepreneurship and innovation for the government of india.
as a consequence of the report we submitted a few months ago, we now have a structure in place within niti aayog for the atal innovation mission (aim), with appropriate governance to provide a forum to discuss issues and monitor policy progress.
the press and the public should hold us to account so that action survives much beyond todays euphoria.
finally, the stretch goal.
all these policy initiatives will not amount to much if we dont measure our progress.
what should we measure?
how aggressive should it be?
id suggest, echoing my colleagues views in the aim report i mentioned, that we have some short-run and medium-run goals.
as an example, in the short run, id certainly like us to dramatically upgrade and expand our incubator ecosystem.
why focus on this?
because there is a foundation of effort and interest upon which we can build, yet there is a lot of inefficiency in the system, affording us the opportunity to make measurable progress.
there is much that can be done to link the incubators on the input side to the university and laboratory ecosystem and on the output side to corporates.
another stretch goal for us is to get the government to adopt a bit of the start-up bug.
the pm appears to be inclined to think in that fashion, perhaps he can excite others on his team to do the same.
in a start-up, one adopts a risk-taking and experimenting attitude, and one works as part of a team.
both these dimensions should infect government machinery more than they currently do.
risk-taking is not an attribute that is commonly heard in delhis halls.
since entrepreneurship is a team sport, we need different policy initiatives of the government to work in concert, rather than in silos  for example, the aim, the financial inclusion policies of the finance ministry and the rbi, the skill development attempts of that ministry, and the ministry of science and technologys efforts to upgrade the scientific infrastructure.
these are just a couple of examples of areas where we can stretch, and measure.
hopefully, we can have a continued national conversation about this through the mechanisms set up by the aim.
the key to a stretch goal is that it is sufficiently challenging so that it motivates us to work away at it, but not so hopelessly ambitious that it ends up being discouraging to the rank and file.
so, while the twitterati are agog with enthusiasm at the celebration, im even more encouraged by the substantive progress towards fulfilling our aspirations.
tamil nadu chief minister o pannerselvam pti photo tamil nadu chief minister o pannerselvam pti photojayalalithaas trusted aides removed from tn cm panneerselvams officetamil nadu chief minister o pannerselvam on saturday removed three top officials from cms office, who were appointed by former cm j jayalalithaa.
according to multiple sources within the party and the government, the move is an indicator for some major political decisions to be heard from the ruling party in few days.
former chief secretary sheela balakrishnan, k n venkataramanan and a ramalingam are the three officials who were removed.
read moregdp growth expected to be upwards of 7 per cent next fiscal: finance ministryjust four days after finance minister arunjaitley tabled the budget at parliament, the finance ministry has announced the gdp is expected to grow over 7 per cent in the next fiscal.
according to a report by hsbc, the figures will be largely driven by the remonetisation process, which would then boost consumption levels in the country.
read moregoa elections: how officials are monitoring the pollsthe goa chief election office was filled with technicians from dept of information and technology, goa police and election commission since 6 am in the morning on saturday on account of assembly elections.
according to an official, two systems of monitoring were kept in place; one to monitor the poll data while the other to get surveillance footage from all stations.
it is the first time such an elaborate mechanism was employed in the state.
read morechennai oil spill: centre slaps notice on port, wants action to contain impactas the week-long crisis near chennai triggered by oil spill resulting from collision of two ships is turning into a major ecological disasters, the environment ministry has issued a notice to the kamarajar port authorities.
the body seeks information from officials whether proper infrastructure has been installed to deal with such situations.
read morei have no prime ministerial ambitions: akhilesh yadavuttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav (source: ani_news/twitter) uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav (source: ani_news/twitter)uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav on saturday said he has no ambitions to be the prime minister and is content with his position.
the samajwadi party leader also said that those who stay away from national politics stay happier.
people who stay away from delhi are happier, he said.
b'the cabinet today approved a public procurement policy to give preference to domestically manufactured goods with a view to promote make in india initiative.
the move would facilitate local manufacturing and boost domestic demand for locally manufactured products, the commerce ministry said in a series of tweets.
preference in public procurement on the basis of minimum local content.
only local suppliers eligible in procurement of rs 50 lakh or less, if sufficient local capacity and competition ensured, it said.
the ministry said that eligibility norms/conditions would be made non- restrictive and avoided in tenders.
it further said: 20 per cent margin of purchase preference for local suppliers in procurement of more than rs 50 lakh.
standing committee would oversee implementation of make in india preference in public procurement, the ministry said, adding there would be a transparent mechanism of self-certification and a third party certification to verify local content.
there would also be an annual review to increase local content requirements in public procurement, which would be subject to local competition and quality.
the policy seeks to maintain a balance between make in india and core principles of public procurement, it added.
b'delhi cm arvind kejriwal.
(express photo: prem nath pandey) delhi cm arvind kejriwal.
(express photo: prem nath pandey)as delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal tendered an apology for having levelled unfounded allegations related to involvement in drugs trade against shiromani akali dal leader bikram singh majithia, the meek surrender drew flak from aam aadmi partys (aap) punjab unit leaders who termed kejriwals step a letdown.
aap leaders in new delhi, however, said the move was to shed court cases, in which the party convenor finds himself mired, and hinted that a similar course could be adopted in the defamation case filed by finance minister arun jaitley.
former punjab minister majithia claimed he was grateful that truth had won and kejriwal had realized his mistake.
since the aap leader had tendered his apology, he did not want to pursue the defamation case filed against him, majithia said.
drug abuse was a major issue in the high-octane punjab assembly elections last year and kejriwal, who was leading the aap charge, accused majithia, then a minister in the state government, of being involved in narcotics trade.
however, in his apology to majithia, the delhi chief minister said he had learnt that his allegations were unfounded.
arvind kejriwal apology to bikram majithia in the defamation case on drugs is a let down to the people, especially the youth of punjab.
we in punjab have not been taken into the loop.
our fight for punjab continues.
#punjabdrugs  kanwar sandhu (@sandhukanwar) march 15, 2018https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsin the recent past i made certain statements and allegations against you regarding your alleged involvement in drug trade.
these statements became a political issue.
now ive learnt that the allegations are unfounded.
hence there should be no politics on such issues.
i hereby withdraw all my statements and allegations made against you and apologise for the same, kejriwal said.
talking to reporters here this evening, majithia said he had accepted the apology.
i thank kejriwal for showing greatness in seeking apology for his remarks made against me.
i have told my lawyers that from our side, this case ends as kejriwal has sought apology.
i have asked my counsels to withdraw the defamation case.
person makes mistake and with the grace of god, if i have the ability to forgive and i will forgive, the sad leader said.
majithia had filed a defamation case against kejriwal and ashish khetan in may 2015.
i had said from the beginning that either he will say sorry or he will go to jail.
sending someone to jail is not my intention, he asserted.
it is indeed a historical moment that a sitting chief minister has submitted a written apology in court withdrawing all statements he made against me,said majithia.
the sad leader said although it was very torturous journey for him as he battled the allegations.
the aap, however, did not benefit as their candidate lost his security forfeited in my constitutency, he said.
majithia said the entire controversy had taken a toll on his mother because she could not understand this kind of politics.
my wife also went through a difficult phase, i thank the almighty that this chapter has ended and truth has prevailed, he said, adding, if my two little kids were asked in school that your father does such things, you can imagine what could have been my position.
what answer i could have given to them.
aap leader ashish khetan had apologized as well, he added.
however, aaps punjab leaders could hardly suppress their anger.
leader of opposition in punjab assembly and senior aap leader sukhpal singh khaira took to twitter to vent his disagreement.
were appalled n stunned by the apology of @arvindkejriwal tendered today, we dont hesitate to admit that we havent been consulted on this meek surrender by a leader of his stature (sic), khaira tweeted.
another senior aap leader kanwar sandhu also reacted sharply.
arvind kejriwal apology to bikram majithia in the defamation case on drugs is a let down to the people, especially the youth of punjab.
we in punjab have not been taken into the loop.
our fight for punjab continues, sandhu tweeted.
meanwhile, the aaps delhi unit said kejriwal was facing dozens of civil and criminal cases related to defamation, putting hoardings or posters during election campaigns, violation of sec 144, public protests etc in delhi and other parts of india like varanasi, amethi, punjab, assam, maharashtra, goa and many other places.
most of these cases require personal appearance in court.
these cases have been foisted by our political rivals to de-motivate us and keep our leadership busy in these legal matters.
the decision to amicably sort out all such legal cases is a strategy as devised by the legal team of the party.
the political cases in delhi have been put on fast track forcing mlas andmministers to virtually attend cases on daily basis in courts at delhi and other states, spokesperson of aaps delhi unit saurabh bharadwaj said.
party sources indicated that it may resort to a similar move in dealing with the defamation cases filed by union finance minister arunjaitley against kejriwal and other aap leaders.
jaitley had filed defamation cases after kejriwal and aap leaders alleged irregularities in delhi district cricket administration (ddca), of which the bjp leader was the president.
b'anil dave passed away at aiims hospital in delhi.
(source: express archive) anil dave passed away at aiims hospital in delhi.
(source: express archive)prime minister narendra modi condoled the death of environment minister anil dave who passed away on thursday morning at delhis aiims hospital.
expressing his shock over his sudden demise, pm modi tweeted: absolutely shocked by the sudden demise of my friend & a very respected colleague, environment minister anil madhav dave ji.
my condolences.
anil madhav dave ji will be remembered as a devoted public servant.
he was tremendously passionate towards conserving the environment.
i was with anil madhav dave ji till late last evening, discussing key policy issues.
this demise is a personal loss.
the 60-year-old mp from madhya pradesh was rushed to aiims after he complained of uneasiness at his residence today morning.
he was a member of the rajya sabha since 2009.
he was actively involved in cmapaigning for the conservation of the narmada river.
daves death prompted reactions from his cabinet colleagues and senior bjp leaders.
calling dave a real nature lover, former enviroment minister and current hrd minister prakash javadekar tweeted: saddened by the sudden demise of my colleague anil madhav dave ji.
my heartfelt condolences.
anil madhav dave ji was a real nature lover, had a vision of protecting environment & ensuring development.
union minister venkaiah naidu also tweeted his condolences: shocked and extremely sad to know the sudden demise of my colleague sri anil madhav dave ,environment minister.
my heartfelt condolences.
cabinet colleague nitin gadkari, too, expressed his condolences: shocked and deeply saddened by the sudden demise of our colleague anil madhav dave ji.
my heartfelt condolences to his family.
union home minister rajnath singh appreciated his dedication towards work: it is extremely shocking and saddening to learn of the demise of our colleague and union environment minister shri anil madhav dave.
shri dave was very active and sensitive to issues pertaining to environment.
his dedication to work was highly appreciated.
i offer my heartfelt condolences to the members of shri anil daves family.
may god give them strength to bear this huge loss.
finance minister arunjaitley also expressed his shock.
deeply shocked & saddened by demise of my colleague, environment minister anil madhav dave ji.
may god render peace to the departed soul, he tweeted.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan said it was a personal loss to lose dave, a big brother and close friend.
big brother, close friend mr @anilmdave .
it is a personal loss.
the venerable mr @anilmdave as the country has a true patriot and mother narmada worthy is lost.
this damage can never be compensated, he tweeted.
union minister pirush goyal also expressed his heartfelt condolences to daves family and friends.
shocked to hear about the demise of my friend & respected colleague shri anil madhav dave.
heartfelt condolences to his family & friends, he tweeted.
here are some more reactions from within the party:mukhtar abbas naqvi: shocked to hear about demise of my friend & respectful colleague environment minister anil madhav dave ji.
my condolences with his family.
vasundhara raje: absolutely shocked by sudden demise of sh anil madhav dave ji  an extraordinary leader devoted to the masses.
may his soul rest in peace.
my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family.
may god give them strength to bear this loss.
vijay goel: in a state of shock to learn about the sudden demise of our dear colleague and union environment minister @anilmdave ji.
he will be missed.
nirmala sitharaman: shocked to hear shri @anilmdave is no more.
a passionate conservationist,remarkably documented the narmada.
will miss his presence in the rs.
union minister smriti irani said that he would be sorely missed.
his smiling demeanour, pat on the back when things got rough, his encouraging words will be sorely missed.
om shanti, irani tweeted.
government on thursday dismissed the suggestion for state funding of elections, saying it is not practical in the indian context, even as it expressed openness to modify the budget proposal for capping cash donations at rs 2000 per source and issuing electoral bonds.
the rs 2000 limit, that we have given, is the election commission recommendation.
it has suggested to lower it from rs 20,000 to rs 2,000 to make it stringent.
if there is consensus for ending it (the cap), then it is a different issue.
we will discuss it during finance bill, he said while replying to a debate on budget in the lok sabha.
if somebody has any improvement to suggest to this idea, we welcome this.
because it is a matter which concerns all of us, we have put a proposal on the table at the stage of finance bill it will discussed, he added.
jaitley, while responding to suggestions made by various members with regard to the political donations during the debate, said, we can improve on it but dont suggest problem for every solution.
if you suggest problem for every solution then the present status quo which is not an ideal situation will exist.
to demands for state funding of elections voiced by parties like trinamool congress, the finance minister said, i am open to the idea.
but your optimism is based on the fact that when state funding starts only state-provided funds will be used in elections and nobody will use private funds in the elections.
so your optimism is based on this one belief which is not consistent with indian reality.
lamenting that even 70 years after independence bulk of indias politics is funded through unaccounted money, he said, we dont want an argument where people have problem with every solution.
and that is the tragedy of political funding in india.
whichever solution you suggest, people will suggest the problem arising out of that.
we have said that you pay by cheque, then donor and donee both will get tax advantage.
we have said pay by digital mode.
stressing that issuing electoral bond would ensure that only legitimate, tax paid, accounted money comes into the political system, he said the identity of donor will be kept secret since the banking regulation act prohibits sharing of details of bank transactions to anyone, including the government.
b'andhra pradesh cm chandrababu naidu (file photo) andhra pradesh cm chandrababu naidu (file photo)in broad hints several times over the last few days, andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu appears to be warming up to the idea of leading a third front.
in the last two days, he has underlined his seniority and vast experience in politics.
i am the senior most political leader in the country in contemporary politics.
i have been in politics for more than 40 years and have vast experience.
the 66-year-old cm has said several times in the last two days, although not directly hinting at forming a third front or joining the one proposed by his telangana counterpart k chandrasekhar rao last week.
addressing the state assembly today, naidu said regional political parties have to take tough decisions to protect their interests and reminded the state assembly that these parties can play a critical role in bringing together like-minded parties across the country.
explained | why are ties between tdp and bjp under strain?
in response to two bjp ministers, who resigned from his cabinet this morning, naidu accused the saffron party of behaving as callously as the congress did during bifurcated.
health and medical education kamineni srinivas and endowments minister p manikyala rao, resigned this morning, after the tdp announced its decision to walk out of the goverment.
naidu, however, praised srinivas and rao, saying they brought reforms in their departments and worked tirelessly.
union finance minister arunjaitley comments last night hurt us very much.
he talked as if we are asking for all money to be given to andhra only.
we were hurt and felt insulted that is why we had to take the decision to ask our central ministers to resign, naidu said.
instead of responding positively, arunjaitley talks in a take-it-or-leave-it tone.
also read | tdp walks out of govt: why fallout poses a challenge to bjps numbers count for 2019invoking telugu pride, naidu said actor n t rama rao (ntr) left his acting career to start telugu desam party (tdp) in 1982 because telugu people were insulted and telugu pride was hurt by the then congress government, led by indira gandhi.
naidu said that ntr rallied regional parties and stitched an alliance to form a government at the centre.
bjp kept quiet when upa switched off cameras in parliament and passed the bill dividing andhra pradesh.
after that bjp promised special status and included it in its manifesto also in ap.
now when we are asking for what is rightfully ours, bjp is making excuses and blaming the ap government for not following procedures like submitting utilization certificates etc.
naidu is not new to coalition politics.
he was the convener of the united front in 1996, which the telegu desam party (tdp) was a part of.
prior to that, the tdp and its founder n t rama rao were also involved in the formation of the national front led by janata dal in 1989.
both naidu and kcr are questioning the bjps spirit of cooperative federalism.
they have both said that while they have unflinchingly supported prime minister narendra modi, the bjp has not reciprocated positively to the states demands.
hinting naidu may play a larger role in a possible third front, a tdp leader said, chandrababu naidu is a very experienced leader.
he has lot of experience in dealing with other regional parties as well as with the two main national parties.
if a third front emerges he may be a strong contender to lead it too.
telangana cm, though, is first off the blocks by already proposing the formation of a non-congress, non-bjp third front and has invited tdp to join it.
so far, naidu has not given any indication of joining any third front but todays development may force the tdp to look for alternatives, the leader added.
b'officials said the sit recently held a meeting in the national capital during which it was briefed about the overall scenario of the operations of this virtual currency in the country.
(image used for representational purpose) officials said the sit recently held a meeting in the national capital during which it was briefed about the overall scenario of the operations of this virtual currency in the country.
(image used for representational purpose)the special investigation team (sit) on black money has asked probe agencies to check and curb the use of cryptocurrencies as it reviewed their operation and circulation in the country and links to shady offshore transactions.
officials said the sit recently held a meeting in the national capital during which it was briefed about the overall scenario of the operations of this virtual currency in the country.
the sit, official sources said, called cryptrocurrencies like bitcoins illegal and asked probe agencies such as the income tax department, the enforcement directorate (ed) and the narcotics control bureau (ncb) to detect and stop their usage and check transactions being done over the internet, including those with cross-border ramifications.
the panel, they said, would also prepare a report that would be submitted to the government in sometime.
the government is the final authority to frame rules and law to regulate these virtual currencies and the sit would provide its report to it on the subject, a senior official said.
during the meeting, the ncb informed the sit that about four cryptocurrency-fuelled drugs smuggling transactions have been unearthed in the country in the last over two years time while the tax department informed the panel about the searches it conducted on bitcoin exchanges across the country last year.
a report prepared by the banking regulator the reserve bank of india (rbi)  was also taken up during the meeting, they said.
the rbi, in the past, has come out with three specific warnings to discourage public from investing in the virtual currencies.
a government-appointed panel constituted to study the subject and suggest measures to tackle it had submitted its report to the union finance ministery early this year.
the supreme court-appointed sit on black money was notified by the government in 2014 and is headed by justice (retd) m b shah and has multiple central probe, enforcement and regulatory agencies as its member.
b'prime minister narendra modi.
prime minister narendra modi.
with article 356 being invoked twice this year, both in congress-ruled states of arunachal pradesh and uttarakhand, a section of jurists have said that the nda government at the centre seems to have veered towards a unitary form of government.
while some jurists said recent impositions of the emergency provision amounted to total abuse of central powers and were bad for federalism, others said one must draw conclusions only after examining the governors report that is expected to explain why presidents rule had become imperative.
the governors report is a crucial document in the case.
if the report is not swayed by extraneous considerations and makes a cogent case of the failure of constitutional machinery in the state, then presidents rule is not only justified, but imperative, former attorney general soli sorabjee told the indian expresss.
senior advocate rajeev dhavan said: presidents rule is an emergency power.
it is not to be used for political advantage.
after the bommai judgement, article 356 had been put to severe restraint.
the recent developments undo that restraint.
he countered finance minister arunjaitley contention that there was a complete breakdown of the constitution in uttarakhand, and said that you cannot impose presidents rule on the basis of rebellion of mlas or defection.
this is a total abuse of article 356, the kind mrs (indira) gandhi did.
mr arunjaitley has always opposed presidents rule on such grounds when he was in the opposition.
the bjp wants to conquer all the states by fair or unfair means.
this is an instance of employing unfair means.
senior advocate sanjay hegde concurred and said that they (the nda government) are doing what used to happen before the bommai case.
commenting on the impact of these decisions on centre-state relations, hegde said the indian constitution is supposed to be quasi-federal.
now it becomes a unitary constitution or unitary way of performing actions.
since there is a strong majority government at the centre, we may well see more such cases, but that would be bad for federalism, he said.
b'union minister venkaiah naidu at parliament house in new delhi.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) union minister venkaiah naidu at parliament house in new delhi.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)the government wednesday decided to convene the monsoon session of parliament from july 18 amid an air of optimism about the likely passage of the gst bill.
the schedule for the session was firmed up at a meeting of the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs headed by home minister rajnath singh.
set to conclude on august 12, the session will have 20 sittings.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu told reporters that it could be extended or curtailed by a day or two.
watch video: whats making newswe have a wider support and we have the numbers for the gst bill, but we would like to take all parties on board because it will have an effect on the states, naidu said.
bjps optimism over the gst bill emanates from the deliberations at a recent meeting of state finance ministers convened by finance minister arun jaitley.
after the meeting, he had said that all states, except tamil nadu, were in favour of the bill.
kerala has since indicated that it is still opposed to some aspects of the bill.
the government, meanwhile, is also gearing up for a debate on the pms foreign visits given the oppositions strident criticism of his foreign policy.
in the meeting, rajnath singh pushed for swift passage of the lokpal and lokayukta (amendment) bill, while environment minister prakash javadekar asked for expeditious clearance of the compensatory afforestation fund bill.
the bills on the priority list include those intended to replace the ordinances on combined entrance exam for medical and dental colleges.
b'arun arunjaitley in rajya sabha arunjaitley in rajya sabhain a sharp response to rahul gandhis fair and lovely remark on income disclosure scheme, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday reminded congress of its own track record of bringing a scheme in 1997 under which there was no penalty for disclosure of black money.
intervening in the debate in rajya sabha on motion of thanks on presidents address, he said government has no hesitation in releasing names of those accused of possessing black money, but it would do so as per procedure and once criminal cases are registered against them.
defending the income disclosure schemes introduced by the government, he said in the last 21 months we have shown intent and will not spare anyone possessing black money and will punish them with strict laws brought in now.
to hit back, arunjaitley referred to a similar scheme in 1997 announced by then finance minister p chidambaram.
some comments were made with regard to the income disclosure scheme that we have just announced.
compare it with what had happened in the past.
in the past you had several schemeswhen your leaders criticise us, they should realise what had happened in the past, he said.
reacting to opposition criticism on blackmoney, he said, the new scheme announced by the government is to give an opportunity to people to declare their untaxed incomes and it was not an amnesty scheme.
if you have an income which has escaped tax, declare it, pay tax plus 50 per cent penalty.
this is not an amnesty in which there is 50 per cent penalty, he said.
pointing out at chidambarams scheme which saw many honest tax payers being taken to court, the finance minister said, an amnesty scheme in which people were asked to just pay 30 per cent tax and declare it by paying at 1987 incometax rates.
most declarants were minor children and women as people invested in their names.
honest tax-payers went to courthe said, somehow that decision was averted, but the effect of that scheme is that the next year, there was no buoyancy in tax revenue collection.
revealing details will take timebut, people not disclosing black money, will be dealt with strictly and punished.
finance minister arun jaitley.
(file photo) finance minister arun jaitley.
(file photo)as part of efforts to combat blackmoney and fake currency through demonetisation, government agencies have conducted over 1,100 searches and issued 5,100 notices to verify suspicious high-value cash deposits.
this led to seizure of valuables worth over rs 610 crore, of which as high as rs 513 crore were in cash.
post demonetisation, during november 9, 2016 to january 10, 2017, more than 1,100 searches and surveys were conducted and more than 5,100 notices were issued by the income tax department for verification of suspicious high-value cash deposits, finance minister arunjaitley said in a written reply in the lok sabha today.
he was responding to a query on the extent to which the government has achieved its objective of the cash ban announced on november 8.
the seizure of the money in the whole exercise so far has involved rs 110 crore in the form of new currency notes (of rs 500 and rs 2,000).
the undisclosed income detected in these ongoing investigations till january 10, 2017, was more than rs 5,400 crore, he said.
in a separate reply, minister of state for finance santosh gangwar said relevant information has been shared by the i-t department with other law enforcement agencies such as the enforcement directorate and the central bureau of investigation for appropriate action.
as on november 8, 2016, there were 17,165 million pieces of rs 500 and 6,858 million pieces of rs 1,000 in circulation.
the value of specified bank notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 returned to rbi and currency chests amounted to rs 12.
44 lakh crore as of december 10, 2016, gangwar said.
jaitley said demonetisation seeks to create a new normal wherein gdp would be bigger, cleaner and real.
this exercise is part of the governments resolve to eliminate corruption, blackmoney, counterfeit currency and terror funding, said the finance minister.
the government is taking steps such as collection of requisite information from various sources, conducting investigations in appropriate cases, searches, surveys, assessment of income, levy of penalty and launching of criminal prosecution to curb blackmoney, he said.
formation of the special investigation team (sit) on blackmoney, enactment of comprehensive law, black money (undisclosed foreign income and assets) and imposition of tax act, 2015, amendment of the benami transactions (prohibition) act, 1988, are among other measures taken by the government to weed out blackmoney inside and outside the country, he said further.
in reply to a question on action taken or proposed against offenders, gangwar said it is an ongoing process and a number of effective measures have been taken to verify cash deposits in old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in banks by those whose case deposits were not in line with their existing profile based on filings with the tax department.
a number of measures have been taken by the government, which include collection of information on cash transactions, collation and analysis of such information, extensive use of information technology and data analytic tools for identification of high-risk cases, expeditious verification of suspect cases and enforcement action as required, he added.
b'(representational) (representational)after a gap of 20 years, the bjp will hold its national executive meeting in bhubaneswar on april 15 and 16.
the two-day meet comes in the backdrop of the partys success in the recently-held panchayat polls when it won 297 zilla parishad seats, a nine-fold increase from its previous tally of 36 seats in 2012.
prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley and dharmendra pradhan will attend the meeting among others.
senior bjp leaders l k advani and murli manohar joshi are also scheduled to take part in the meeting.
chief ministers of bjp-ruling states will also be attending the event.
this is the fourth time the party is holding its national executive meet in odisha after 1982, 1992 and 1997.
speaking to reporters, pradhan said that modi and shah will express their gratitude to the people of odisha for their support to the bjp in the just concluded panchayat elections.
apart from passing resolutions for the coming assembly elections in himachal pradesh and gujarat, the patys national executive will decide its strategy to build on its success of the panchayat polls in odisha.
women and child development minister maneka gandhi.
women and child development minister maneka gandhi.
union minister maneka gandhi has written to finance minister arunjaitley seeking tax exemption on maintenance allowance given to a victim of domestic violence by her husband.
women and child development minister gandhi has requested that maintenance amount, both to the wife as well as to the child, be absolved from tax in such cases on the ground that it is already taxed as part of the husbands income.
she has also said that income tax act, 1961 be suitably amended to provide for this exemption.
i shall be grateful if ministry of finance can issue a clarification/amendment to the income tax act, 1961, providing for specific exemption of the interim maintenance allowance received by the women for the maintenance of self as well as the child/children, said gandhis letter to jaitley.
as per section 125 of the criminal procedure code, a court can order the husband to pay for maintenance of his wife and children.
the letter highlights ambiguity under the it act regarding taxability of maintenance received by the mother.
it also mentions that this amount is taxed twice  first the husband pays tax on his income and then it is taxed again when the wife receives her maintenance.
there is no clarity whether this income is exempt from tax when received by the mother.
a father is equally liable for the maintenance of the child and the wife and the maintenance amount paid by him is out of the income which has already been taxed, the letter adds.
the letter from gandhi follows a complaint made on twitter by a woman banker with the hashtag #helpmewcd, highlighting the issue.
the petitioner, who is a victim of domestic violence, told pti on the condition of anonymity, this income currently gets added to the income of the mother and is taxable.
the second tax is against the grain of providing maintenance to a minor child because this is not the mothers income but is meant for the subsistence of the child.
gandhi appealed to arunjaitley to waive the tax by highlighting the difficult circumstances faced by victims of domestic violence.
they have been subjected to emotional, physical, financial and mental abuse by the husband in many cases, gandhi wrote.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
express photo by tashi tobgyal finance minister arun jaitley.
express photo by tashi tobgyalthe passage of the historic goods and services tax (gst), which would subsume a number of indirect central and state levies, is a reflection of political parties working together in national interest, agroup of indian parliamentarians has said in washington.
describing the gst as a major tax reform, bjd mp from orissa baijayant panda said on tuesday it shows that various political parties, despite their differences, can come and work together on key national issues.
it is one of the biggest reforms that india has seen, thanks to the co-operation from all political parties, said bjp mp anurag thakur, who along with panda and several others are currently part of an indian-parliamentarian delegation on a visit to the us.
silently, we have worked our way through various reforms, said congress mp sushmita dev during an interaction organised by the carnegie endowment for international peace, a top american think tank.
the passage of the gst bill and the congress supporting other major reforms, she said, does not mean that there will be no differences with the ruling party.
responding to questions, the three mps agreed in one voice that india is a tolerant country and there are enough avenues for the people to air their views.
india as a country have a conservative and contemporary side to it.
yes, there was a rhetoric what happened is we actually debated in the parliament.
we aired (our views) out.
under no circumstances we can say that india is becoming an intolerant country.
nobody is saying that india is intolerant.
the debate is what is the attitude of this government towards tolerance, dev said.
thakur said that image of a nation, including that of the us, cannot be based on one big event or incident.
that does not give the right picture.
india has been a tolerant nation.
it will be a tolerant nation, he said.
thakur asked what would happen when someone in the us would show the people behind 9/11 as something rather than terrorist.
nation should be a priority, he said and rued about the nature of coverage of some unfortunate incidents by the media.
the three mps refrained from commenting in their views on the american presidential elections.
but were confident that indo-us ties would move ahead at the same pace as it has in the last decade and a half.
the gst, which will subsume over a dozen central and state levies including excise duty, service tax and vat, is one of the most important tax reforms in india.
it was passed from rajya sabha in august.
though some public banks have decided to join the strike, private banks, atms will remain functional.
though some public banks have decided to join the strike, private banks, atms will remain functional.
the left-affiliated central trade unions have called for a nationwide strike on september 2 to protest against anti-labour policies of the government.
the trade unions will also be joined by the employees of six public sector banks in their fight.
many banks have already communicated to their customers about the likely inconvenience.
the possible fallout of the strike could mean a shutdown of banks, factories and government offices across the country.
what will remain closed?
essential services such as banking, public transport and telecom will be hit.
commuters will have a tough time as many autorickshaw unions in big cities such as delhi, bengaluru and hyderabad have decided to keep off the roads on friday.
what will remain open?
since railways have opted out of the strike, trains will run smoothly.
schools and colleges, too, have not declared an official holiday.
though some public banks have decided to join the strike, private banks, atms will remain functional.
demands of the trade unions?
the trade unions have opposed the governments proposal to hike minimum wage for unskilled workers by up to 20 per cent to rs 12,000 per month for tier-i cities, saying it should be more in view of price rise.
the unions are demanding social security for workers and a minimum wage of not less than 18,000 per month.
they also want an assured enhanced pension of not less than 3,000 per month for all sectors, including unorganised workers.
they also want fdi to be removed from railways, defence and other strategic sectors.
how big is the strike?
the unions have claimed that this years strike will be bigger as the number of striking workers is expected to swell to as much as 18 crore, larger than last year when around 14 crore workers participated.
workers in central public sector undertakings like coal india, gail, ongc, ntpc, oil, hal and bhel will participate in the strike.
however, indian railways and other central government employees will not be a part of it as the government has already constituted a committee to look into their demand of raising monthly minimum wage from rs 18,000 to about rs 26,000 under the 7th pay commission.
also not participating in the strike is the rss-affiliated bharatiya mazdoor sangh which opted out after the government accepted the advisory board recommendations and raised the minimum wage from rs 246 to rs 350 per day for non-agricultural workers.
what is governments stand?
the government, in its attempt to dissuade trade unions from going ahead with the proposed mass strike, has accepted the advisory board recommendations and raised the minimum wage from rs 246 to rs 350 per day for non-agricultural workers.
the likely financial implications of the bonus move translate into rs 1,920 crore per annum.
the government said that the registration of the contract workers and their staffing agencies is mandatory and states will be advised to strictly implement the same.
finance minister arunjaitley tabling the union budget for 2017-18 in the parliament in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo/tv grab) finance minister arunjaitley tabling the union budget for 2017-18 in the parliament in new delhi on wednesday.
at no point of time, not for a single day, was the currency inadequate.
speaking about atms, he said they had to be reoriented to accept and release alternative notes.
keeping in view the size of the note, the thickness of the note, the weight of the note, the machines had to be recalibrated for that particular purpose, he said.
because of the reason of maintaining secrecy, this could not be done beforeand had necessarily to be done only after the 8th of november.
this is against the demonetisation narrative that had emerged in the last 50 days of 2016, when cash shortage had virtually crippled the country, long atm queues had become a routine feature in almost all parts of the country, and more than 100 deaths reportedly occurred due to this shortage.
several times during those days even government functionaries had admitted to a currency shortage and sought peoples cooperation until the situation normalises.
the finance minister had told the house that although the rbi board passed a formal resolution on demonetisation only on november 8, consultations had taken place at a very high level between the government and the central bank on the issue since february 2016.
the rbi board had independently applied its mind to send the relevant recommendation to the government, he added.
the government has been making an analysis and the government is conscious of the fact that there are, in the medium term and long term, several advantages in terms of expansion of the formal sector of the economy.
this will lead to larger digitisation; this will lead to curbing of black money and crime-money transactions; and this will lead to larger revenue coming into the coffers of the government.
b'hrd minister smriti irani.
(express photo by anil sharma) hrd minister smriti irani.
(express photo by anil sharma)confident of riding the wave of nationalist sentiments it has invoked over the anti-national row at jawaharlal nehru university (jnu), bjp leaders feel they have received a further shot in the arm with former home minister p chidambarams remarks on afzal guru and former home secretary g k pillais comments on ishrat jahan.
these two issues, they believe, will come in handy against the congress in forthcoming elections in several states  to reaffirm the bjps claim that the upa tried to use the ishrat jahan case to corner narendra modi, then the gujarat chief minister, and to whip up patriotic fervour further.
stating that both issues will be included in their campaign strategy, bjp leaders friday said recent developments, including those given by congress on a platter, have given them much-needed political advantage and will help the bjp unite the society for a national cause.
in an interview, chidambaram has said that he felt it was possible to hold an honest opinion that the afzal guru case was perhaps not correctly decided and there were grave doubts about the extent of his involvement in the attack on parliament in 2001.
guru was hanged on february 9, 2013.
reports quoting pillai have said that the affidavit submitted by the home ministry to gujarat high court in 2009 about let links of ishrat jahan and her accomplices, who were killed in an alleged fake encounter in 2004, was changed at the political level.
both remarks found echo in the lok sabha friday.
on friday, the bjp also circulated two articles written by finance minister arunjaitley in june 2013 and february 2014 in which he had criticised the upa government on the ishrat jahan case.
only pakistan and let would have the last laugh.
the myopic political regime in delhi has not realized the significance of destroying the institutions.
harass the gujarat government even if it means destroying indias security apparatus  the objective of the congress party is clear, arunjaitley had written.
stressing that intelligence agencies have to carry out operations in utmost secrecy, he had written: covert operations are undertaken but never admitted.
a large number of these operations are without the backing of statutory law, since intelligence agencies in india function only on the basis of internal procedures of the government.
this is on account of larger public and national interest.
sources in the bjp said both statements  chidambarams and pillais  would help the party keep alive the nationalism debate.
party mps from up, bihar and maharashtra claimed the jnu row and the debate on afzal guru have put other disturbingquestions over the governments performance on the backburner.
some mps, however, said that the rohith vemula suicide issue could consolidate dalit votes against the bjp.
these issues have evoked nationalistic thoughts (and the) society got a reason to unite, bjps faizabad mp, lallu singh, said.
prime minister narendra modi on thursday told a bjp parliamentary party meeting he will not take rest nor will let others while party chief amit shah asked leaders to prepare for the next challenge ahead.
(file photo) prime minister narendra modi on thursday told a bjp parliamentary party meeting he will not take rest nor will let others while party chief amit shah asked leaders to prepare for the next challenge ahead.
(file photo)setting the tone for the 2019 lok sabha polls, prime minister narendra modi on thursday told a bjp parliamentary party meeting he will not take rest nor will let others while party chief amit shah asked leaders to prepare for the next challenge ahead.
fresh from bjps recent electoral triumphs, modi unveiled a slew of programmes for important events ahead, including over a week-long exercise between the partys foundation day on april 6 and bhim rao ambedkars birth anniversary on april 14, and urged leaders to make youths ambassadors of his governments works.
the first bjp parliamentary party meeting after the partys landslide victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand and heading a government in goa and manipur was an occasion for celebration, thanksgiving and mapping out the path ahead for the party after modi entered the venue to a standing ovation.
as he asked them to take up various programmes, including spending 72 hours to reach out to people when his government completes three years on may 26, he said, na baithunga na baithne dunga (neither will i rest nor will let you).
keeping up with its outreach to dalits, a substantial chunk of whom is believed to have voted for the bjp in the up polls, the party has decided to launch week-long events leading to ambedkars birth anniversary on april 14, union minister ananth kumar told reporters after the meeting.
the party will observe the week-long exercise in every panchayat and ward.
it will also celebrate its foundation day on april 6 during which its leaders and workers will take part in swachh bharat campaign.
modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of bhim app, a digital payment application, by educating the masses about it and helping them download it.
he said the app can liberate small traders from clutches of money lenders and can be a tool of social transformation.
those using it most will also be incentivised, he said.
leaders were also asked to publicise ambedkars works and contributions.
asking them to make youths ambassadors of the union governments public welfare works and good governance, modi said youngsters depend on mobile phones more than newspapers and tv channels to get information.
he stressed on the need to use mobiles communication to tap them.
he also asked the party leaders to contact them while they are in class xii, kumar said.
modi asked parliamentarians to submit their suggestions ahead of his governments third anniversary on may 26.
calling polling booths power centres, he said everybody, from ministers to others, should visit them.
shah said the partys win in the recently concluded assembly polls was an outcome of peoples vote against casteism, family rule and corruption and in favour of modis leadership under which public welfare and good governance is the agenda.
the massive vote for the bjp has broken the shackles of the politics of caste, family rule and appeasement, he said.
noting that the five state elections were cited as the bjps biggest electoral challenge following 2014 lok sabha polls victory, he asserted that the next parliamentary elections in 2019 is the next big challenge and asked the party leaders to make preparations for it.
he asked them to not sit complacent.
the next target is 2019, he said.
the bjps win underlined peoples support for the welfare schemes launched by the central government and a brave decision like demonetisation, shah claimed.
the bjp parliamentary party also passed a resolution thanking voters for their support and also partys workers for their efforts under the leadership of modi and shah.
=it also expressed hope that the bjp governments in these states will provide good governance and run public welfare programmes.
home minister rajnath singh proposed the resolution and finance minister arunjaitley supported it, which was passed unanimously, kumar said.
the party leaders also distributed prasad of the popular tirupati temple.
b'during the question hour, tmc member derek obrien said several states like uttar pradesh, gujarat, tamil nadu, west bengal, madhya pradesh and kerala, have huge debts.
during the question hour, tmc member derek obrien said several states like uttar pradesh, gujarat, tamil nadu, west bengal, madhya pradesh and kerala, have huge debts.
a demand for setting up a committee of state finance ministers and headed by the union finance minister to address issues relating to the debt burden of states, was made in the rajya sabha on july 26, with the government indicating its agreement to the proposal.
during the question hour, tmc member derek obrien said several states like uttar pradesh, gujarat, tamil nadu, west bengal, madhya pradesh and kerala, have huge debts.
maintaining that the states were being burdened to pay back the debt, he asked the centre to give the states some level of confidence and create a committee of state finance ministers to look into the issues.
emphasising the importance of a prudent fiscal policy, jaitely pointed out that expenditure has to be planned according to limited resources available, while adding that a committee as sought by obrien could be formed.
the finance minister also emphasised that two-thirds of the central sales tax (cst) amount has been provided to states and the remaining one-third would also be discharged.
he also asserted that after the 14th finance commission, there is a siginificant increase in the amount provided to the states by the centre.
jaitley also said that the fiscal responsibility and budget management (frbm) act 2003 is to ensure inter-generational equity in fiscal management.
b'congress leader chidambaram and finance minister arunjaitley congress leader chidambaram and finance minister arun jaitleysenior congress leader and former union finance minister p chidambaram on monday said that had he been in finance minister arunjaitley position, he would have resigned.
he also said that it was time to amend the armed forces (special powers) act (afspa) to address the unrest in jammu and kashmir.
speaking at a session organised by bharat chamber of commerce in kolkata, he said, if i was in jaitleys position, i would have resigned.
he is perhaps in the unenviable situation of having to read a budget speech written by others in other places.
describing gst as a problem child, he said, gst rates are being brought down, then how come gst will grow by 67 per cent chidambaram claimed that the centre has failed the test of fiscal consolidation and will not be able to meet its fiscal deficit target in next financial year.
speaking on the afspa in j&k, chidambaram, who had also served as union home minister said, the law must be amended if not repealed.
paramilitary is not the answer.
local police is the answer.
just like in punjab, in kashmir, too, more power should be given to the local police.
putting armed forces at every 10 metres will not solve it.
he added: a macho, muscular, 56-inch chest approach will not work there.
chidambaram also questioned why states should bear 40 per cent cost of the centres national health protection scheme (nhps), which proposes a cover of rs 5 lakh each for 10 crore families.
why should they bear?
why should they abandon their own brand and come and get on to your own bandwagon?
chidambaram said.
describing nhps as jumla, he said: the kind of schemes being announced in the fifth year (of nda government) are rather reckless.
anyone who has been in government knows that if you make an announcement, even to get the scheme in place will take several months.
then to get the funding in place will take a couple of months.
to get states on board, it will take some more time and before you roll out the scheme, you will find that the year has gone by.
i want to know how long will it take for the government to roll out the scheme and how many will actually be able to access it.
chidambaram added that nhps was a rehash of a similar central scheme announced in the 2016-17 union budget.
it was then called the national health insurance scheme they said six crore families, 30 crore people will get coverage up to rs 1 lakh.
there was no cabinet paper, no fund allocation and the scheme quietly died in four to five months.
this time, they said 10 crore families, 50 crore people will get coverage up to rs 5 lakh.
when we asked where the money will come from, they said we will find the money.
it is not a treasure hunt that children play on birthdays they will fall back on savage taxation to achieve its target, he said.
b'invoking a rarely used clause, rajya sabha chairman hamid ansari monday asked trinamool congress mp sukhendu sekhar roy to withdraw from the house for the day for unruly conduct after he repeatedly spoke about the agustawestland chopper deal.
roy was expelled for the day for making references to gandhi and ap, mentioned in an italian courts verdict into the chopper deal case, and speaking without authorisation that is unbefitting for an mp.
roys repeated attempts to raise the chopper deal issue somewhat blighted the congresss plan to attack the ruling bjp over the cag report on gujarat state petroleum corporation (gspc), the gujarat governments oil psu.
but the party eventually managed to force the government to agree for a debate on the cag report on gspc after stalling proceedings for a major part of the day.
trinamool member roy raised the agusta issue as soon as the house met.
congress members, too, were on their feet, demanding a discussion on the cag report.
with congress members storming the well, the house was adjourned twice.
watch video| agustawestland: why is it a big deal politically now?
when the house met again at 12.
32 pm, roy was immediately on his feet, seeking a reply from the defence minister on names that have cropped up in the agustawestland case.
why is the government silent, he asked.
who is this ap?
who is gandhi?
who is shashikant, roy was heard asking.
ansari told roy to sit down, telling him that he was speaking without authorisation, and that his conduct was unbefitting for a senior member of the house.
with roy refusing to take his seat, ansari said he was making unauthorised noise and warned him that he would have to invoke rule 255.
as roy still refused to listen, ansari invoked rule 255 and asked him to leave the chamber: he will stay out of the house for the rest of the day, as per rule 255.
other tmc mps then staged a walkout.
the congress, meanwhile, is gearing up to raise the gspc issue to counter the agustawestland attack by the bjp.
leader of opposition in the upper house, ghulam nabi azad, said it was a question of thousands of crores worth loans taken from nationalised banks for a project that has turned out to be a white elephant.
finance minister arunjaitley and mos for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi initially rejected demands for a debate, arguing that the cag report was under consideration of the gujarat assemblys public accounts committee.
but with the congress refusing to relent, naqvi told the house in the afternoon that the government will accept the chairmans decision on the matter.
countering jaitleys argument that it was a state government matter, congresss deputy leader in the house anand sharma said, let us be very clear.
offshore gas exploration is a central subject.
what we are discussing here is of national importance.
thousands of crores from public banks were given as loans.
senior party leader jairam ramesh later told the media that gspc had borrowed and invested rs 19,700 crore from 15 psu banks and handed over contracts to dubious firms.
one contract, ramesh said, was given to a firm  tuff drilling  that had zero experience in providing drilling rigs.
he claimed that tuff drilling is a garment manufacturer.
another firm based in barbados, geo global, had a paid up capital of $60, he claimed.
the cabinet on wednesday approved amendments to the hiv and aids (prevention and control) bill, 2014 in a meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
(file photo) the cabinet on wednesday approved amendments to the hiv and aids (prevention and control) bill, 2014 in a meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
(file photo)the cabinet on wednesday approved amendments to the hiv and aids (prevention and control) bill, 2014 in a meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
the decision was among several others that the cabinet ratified in the meeting.
the bill makes antiretroviral treatment a legal right of hiv/aids patients.
the bill makes it obligatory for the central and state governments to provide for antiretroviral therapy (art) and management of opportunistic infections (infections that take advantage of weakness in the immune system and occur frequently).
it prohibits specific acts of discrimination by the state, or any other person, against hiv-positive people, or those living with such people.
the bill, which was introduced in the last days of the upa government, was revived by the present government.
in july this year, a group of ministers (gom) headed by finance minister arunjaitley had met to smoothen out kinks in the bill, as pointed out by a parliamentary standing committee.
watch what else is making newsthe cabinet also approved two memorandum of understanding (mou) in the meeting  one between india and european union (eu) on water cooperation and the other with the african asian rural development organisation for capacity building in rural development, as reported by news agency ani.
the government ratified the transfer of two acres of land, on lease basis, belonging to indian agricultural institute to veterinary council of india and also allowed hll lifecare ltd. to sub-lease 330.
10 acres of government land in kanchipuram, tamil nadu for the setting up of medi park.
the acquisition of 11 per cent stake in russian oil company jsc vankerneft by ongc videsh limited for $930 million was also given the green light by the cabinet in the meeting held wednesday morning.
the meeting was attended by home minister rajnath singh, eam sushma swaraj, defence minister manohar parrikar and others.
b'dd news highlights news that receives little attention otherwise.
dd news highlights news that receives little attention otherwise.
if and when you read this on thursday morning, you could well be a spectator to doordarshans finest hour.
every year, dd is our guide through the pomp and pageant of the republic day parade at delhis rajpath.
from the minutest details of the military might and the rainbow tableaux on view to the soaring patriotism of the commentary, it is impossible to imagine watching the event without dd, its commentators and spectacular camera angles.
so enjoy.
watch video |up cm akhilesh yadav writes to pm modi to shift budget after assembly pollsdoordarshan news is the other old faithful.
the 8 pm bulletin used to be mandatory watching: it provided more news than all the other channels put together.
now, the 247 news cycle, which pedals and dwells on the same spot for hours  monday at jallikattu, tuesday at vadodara railway station where a man died during an srk promotional event, wednesday on sharad yadavs dishonourable comment on women and vinay katiyars pretty tasteless remark about priyanka gandhi seems to carry less news than ever before on private news channels.
all the more reason, youd think, to turn to dd news.
and to a certain extent, you would be right to do so.
dd news highlights news that receives little attention otherwise.
specifically, news about the government at the centre and other branches of the establishment like the supreme court and election commission.
so, on tuesday, you would have learnt in detail about cabinet decisions including loan waiver for farmers and iims diplomas changed to degrees, the ecs views on simultaneous polls and the report of the cms committee on demonetisation.
also that it was the national girl child day.
and the latest from the australian open championships, although, oddly enough, nothing about the rest of india beating gujarat in the irani cup.
and on the evening newsnight, you would have heard an intelligent discussion on indo-us relations in the light of president donald trumps phone call to prime minister modi, cogently and succinctly listing out both countries priorities.
watch what else is making newsthis is news/views and by putting it in the public domain, dd news fulfills its role as public broadcaster.
its in its coverage of politics that doordarshan falls short.
for instance, on sunday, january 22, in the noon bulletin, the release of bjps manifestoes in punjab and goa were leading items at the precise time when akhilesh yadav was speaking at the release of the samajwadi party manifesto for up  live news on private news channels  in the absence of mulayam singh.
related | information broadcasting ministry hopes key policy changes in 2016 will give fruit in 2017on the 8 pm bulletin, dd news led with bjps manifestoes and soundbytes from finance minister arunjaitley (on the punjab manifesto), followed by an interview with him on the same subject.
there was an item on the bjps second list of candidates in up with a soundbyte.
it was 10 minutes into the bulletin before we got to the sp-congress alliance with soundbytes from both parties followed by mention of the sp manifesto  we saw akhilesh but did not hear from him.
instead there was a soundbyte from bsps mayawati on the sp manifesto of which we knew so little.
purely on the basis of news value, wasnt akhileshs release of the sp manifesto for up, his speech and the alliance with congress more important than the bjps punjab manifesto where it is the junior partner in alliance with the akali dal?
on january 16, navjot singh sidhus formally joining the congress received scant attention but on january 24, a congress leaders joining the bjp in uttarakhand was a big jolt headline news during the day.
there are other examples.
on january 11, when congress vice president rahul gandhi addressed the partys national convention in delhi, there was no live coverage on dd.
if you recall, in 2014, rss chief mohan bhagwats annual address to pracharaks on dussehra was telecast live by dd news for the first time because it was news, the channel said.
and that is absolutely right: bhagwat has news value.
the symbiotic relationship between the bjp and the rss makes bhagwats comments important and so, live coverage is fine.
by the same yardstick, rahul gandhi, leading the main opposition party at the national level, deserved the same courtesy?
dd, be more careful about allowing your political slip to show.
b'some of the union ministers would also visit the countrys border, smriti irani  siachen, harsimrat kaur  wagah, and uma bharati in the north east.
some of the union ministers would also visit the countrys border, smriti irani  siachen, harsimrat kaur  wagah, and uma bharati in the north east.
minister of the modi government will soon fan across the country as the centre has drawn an elaborate plan where heroes of the freedom struggle will be commemorated at their birthplaces or places of action across regions.
top sources said that as the government rolls out its independence day celebrations, home minister rajnath singh will visit the birthplace of birsa munda in jharkhand while bjp president amit shah will visit  kakori in up, where freedom fighters including chandrashekhar azad and ramprasad bismil carried out a daring train robbery.
finance minister arunjaitley will visit jallianwala bagh in amritsar and several other places including jammu.
information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu would visit tuticorin in tamil nadu along with hyderabad.
road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari would go to varanasi where lal bahadur shastri would be remembered.
defence minister manohar parrikar would go to port blair where veer savarkar was among those detained in the cellular jail.
parrikar would also visit rewari in haryana to pay tributes to rao tula ram.
some of the union ministers would also visit the countrys border, smriti irani  siachen, harsimrat kaur  wagah, and uma bharati in the north east.
bharati would also visit jhansi while kaur would visit the birthplace of shaheed bhagat singh.
according to the detailed plan, railway minister suresh prabhu would be visiting dandi where the salt satygraha took place as well as ratnagiri to honour those who fought for freedom there.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar would visit sangrur in punjab from where udham singh hailed while health minister j p nadda would visit the birthplace of khudiram bose.
rural development minister narendra singh tomar would visit allahabad which is closely associated with pt jawaharlal nehru, madan mohan malviya, sports minister vijay goel will go to manipur to honour rani gaidinliu.
culture minister mahesh sharma would visit the birthplace of mangal pandey while hrd minister prakash javadekar would go to gorakhpur.
the idea is to honour heroes from all regions who have contributed to the freedom struggle, a senior functionary involved with the planning said.
most ministers would be travelling to two such places in the coming days, the functionary added.
harsh vardhan said, rules under prevention of cruelty to animals act, are not to influence food habits, or affect slaughtering business.
(express file photo) harsh vardhan said, rules under prevention of cruelty to animals act, are not to influence food habits, or affect slaughtering business.
(express file photo)the government today said it is open to the suggestions made by various groups on the cattle slaughter notification and was not viewing it as a prestige issue, amid a raging row over the order.
environment minister harsh vardhan said the intention behind the notification was not to harm any particular group, influence food habits or affect slaughter business.
suggestions that have been submitted will be reviewed.
it is not a prestige issue for the government, he told reporters on the sidelines of a function to mark world environment day.
the minister was asked if these representations were being reviewed and if the government was open to considering alternative views on the issue.
the row over beef eating and cattle trade has sparked a nationwide controversy and protests have been held in several states, including tamil nadu, kerala and karnataka.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee has described the ban as undemocratic and unconstitutional and said her government will not accept it.
on may 30, the madras high court had stayed for four weeks the enforcement of the contentious notification banning sale and purchase of cattle at animal markets for slaughter.
the order had come on a petition challenging the bar as inimical to personal liberty, peoples rights to livelihood and an encroachment into matters that are within the domain of the states.
harsh vardhan said, rules under prevention of cruelty to animals act, are not to influence food habits, or affect slaughtering business.
after announcement of the ban under the prevention of cruelty to animals act, the environment ministry has received several representations on it asking the government to consider alternative views, he said.
the decision is expected to hit export and trade in meat and leather.
the rules define cattle as a bovine animal including bulls, bullocks, cows, buffaloes, steers, heifers and calves and camels.
protests have been held in several parts of tamil nadu including madurai, coimbatore, erode and hosur.
several activists of a little known tamil group were detained in madurai where they had organised a beef-eating contest.
a group of students at iit-madras had also held beef-fest at the campus on may 28.
the dmk has slammed the e k palianswami government for keeping mum on the matter when neighbouring kerala and karnataka had vehemently opposed the notification.
speaker sumitra mahajan said the house will meet at 11 a.
m.
on friday.
(source: file) speaker sumitra mahajan said the house will meet at 11 a.
m.
on friday.
(source: file)the lok sabha was on wednesday adjourned for the day after finance minister arunjaitley concluded his union budget 2017-18 speech.
speaker sumitra mahajan said that the house will meet at 11 am on friday.
watch video | congress leader k c venugopal gives adjournment motion notice in lok sabha over e ahameds deathmahajan had earlier said that the house will remain adjourned tomorrow as a mark of respect to former union minister and iuml leader e ahamed, who passed away early wednesday after suffering a cardiac arrest.
the political stalwart from kerala was admitted to the ram manohar lohia hospital after he collapsed during the presidents address in parliament on tuesday.
the treasury benches lauded jaitleys speech by thumping their desks after the finance minister finished it and moved the finance bill for passage of the house.
finance minister arun jaitley.
finance minister arun jaitley.
countering arunjaitley charge that over management of banks by the upa government led to creation of npas, congress mp veerappa moily today alleged it was height of irresponsibility on part of the finance minister to have blamed the previous regime for rise in the liabilities.
moily, who had yesterday targeted the centre for growing non-performing assets (npas), sought to pay the minister back in the same coin, saying the rise was mainly due to mismanagement of banks by modi dispensation.
we left (government) at 4 per cent npa, but now it has grown to over 9 per cent on record.
he (jaitley) says it is because you have given the room.
is it a reason for a finance minister to give?
moily told reporters.
it is for you to managethe banks have been mismanaged by him and thats how the npas are more.
and only raising the hands that no no i couldnt do anything because you (upa) did iti think it is a height of irresponsibility, he added.
as per the official figure, gross npas of public sector banks rose to rs 6,30,323 crore by september 2016.
replying to a debate in the lok sabha earlier, arunjaitley had sought to underscore that most of these loans were given during 2007-08-09 period when the boom period of the economy was there (during upa tenure).
the percentage (of npas) has not been increased because we have started giving much higher unaccountable loans.
most of these are loans given during 2007-08-09 period when the boom period of the economy was there, he said.
your allegation is that your sins have not been corrected and reversed by us.
this cannot be a charge on us, the finance minister added.
jaitley, acknowledging that there was decline in loan growth, said npas grew due to indiscriminate loans given by the upa government.
some of these npas were being hidden under the carpet, he said.
b'education, healthcare and non-ac rail travel will continue to remain exempted under the proposed indirect tax regime.
education, healthcare and non-ac rail travel will continue to remain exempted under the proposed indirect tax regime.
maintaining status quo on most exempted services, the goods and services tax (gst) council on friday moved towards a multi-tiered service tax structure to distribute services under four slabs  5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent  as against the single rate of 15 per cent levied on all taxable services currently.
while education, healthcare and non-ac rail travel will continue to remain exempted under the proposed indirect tax regime, luxury hotels, gambling, race club betting and cinema services will attract a levy of 28 per cent.
read | gst: zero duty will help farmers but blow hole in state coffersrevenue secretary hasmukh adhia, however, said that states have the option to levy extra taxes on cinema to compensate for revenue losses due to merging of entertainment tax with gst.
the total tax incidence on cinema, including entertainment tax and service tax, is currently in the range of around 55 per cent.
if a state wants to levy additional tax on cinema, they will have to use the legislative route to enable local bodies to charge the tax and utilise the revenue, adhia told reporters after the second day of the 14th gst council meeting.
also, he said, states have the freedom to levy any new tax since the taxation powers of states have been restricted, not abolished, after the rollout of gst.
taxation rates for about 500 services were discussed on the final day of the meeting.
telecom and financial services will be taxed at a standard rate of 18 per cent, while transport services will be taxed at 5 per cent.
cab aggregators like ola and uber, who currently have to pay 6 per cent tax, will also be charged 5 per cent under gst.
the gst council has also decided on a 1 per cent tax collected at source (tcs) rate for e-commerce players such as flipkart, snapdeal, even though the law provides for a levy for 2 per cent tax rate, adhia said.
ac rail travel will attract 5 per cent tax, although input tax credit will be provided.
economy class air travel will attract 5 per cent gst while business class will be charged 12 cent, adhia said.
travelling on metro, local train and religious travel, including haj yatra, will continue to be exempt from gst, he said.
restaurants with a turnover of rs 50 lakh or below can go for 5 per cent composition, he said.
work contracts, such as whitewashing, will be liable for a 12 per cent gst.
hotels and lodges charging per day tariff of rs 1000 will be exempt from gst.
the rate for hotels with tariff of rs 1,000-2,000 per day would be 12 per cent while those with tariff of rs 2,500 to rs 5,000 would be 18 per cent.
gst for hotels with tariff above rs 5,000 would be 28 per cent.
advertisements placed in newspapers will attract a 5 per cent gst.
this is, at present, exempt from service tax.
jaitley said the net effect of gst will not be inflationary.
we made sure that the consumers dont have to pay more.
the net effect of goods and services is not going to be inflationary because, once the system of input credits starts the actual incidence is going to be positively impacted, he said.
the next meeting of gst council is scheduled to be held on june 3, when tax on gold and precious metals will be taken up for discussion.
also, no tax has been decided for lottery and is likely to be discussed along with pending two rules of transition provision and returns in the next meeting.
a new concept of luxury services has been introduced under gst, which is based on the fact that such services can suffer higher tax rate.
also, multi-tier rate for services has been considered in line with that of goods.
though the thinking behind this may have a rationale, the fact that now one would have to deal with classification issues is an area of concern, said anita rastogi, partner, indirect tax, pwc india.
chidambaram question pm modi governments commitment of to create two crore jobs annually adding that the best achievement of this government is in 2015-16 when they created 1.
5 lakh jobs.
(express photo) chidambaram question pm modi governments commitment of to create two crore jobs annually adding that the best achievement of this government is in 2015-16 when they created 1.
5 lakh jobs.
(express photo)former finance minister p chidambaram on friday said the union budget had nothing on job creation and insisted that the recent pro-jallikattu protest at the marina beach here had more to do with the concern for employment and overall angst against issues including intolerance.
analysing the budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday, chidambaram said while the cry everywhere was about jobs, the annual exercise did nothing to address the concerns of young people and their parents.
watch what else is making newsif you think that the thousands of men and women who gathered at the marina had come to protest the ban on jallikattu, you are only looking at the surface.
deep down there is angst, there is anger, there is anxiety about the future, he said at the loyola institute of business administration (liba) here.
there is concern about divisiveness, there is concern about polarisation, there is concern about religious conflict, there is concern about intolerance you can eat this, you cant eat that, you can wear this you cant wear that, you can love somebody, you cannot love somebody, you can marry somebody, you cannot marry somebody.
ban books, ban authors, ban beef, ban jazz, ban jeans.
young people are very concerned about these issues.
among the most important concern is jobs.
where are the jobs?
he said.
chidambaram said while prime minister narendra modi had earlier promised to create two crore jobs annually if his party was voted to power in the 2014 lok sabha polls, the best achievement of this government is in 2015-16 when they created 1.
5 lakh jobs.
citing labour bureau statistics, he said, in the three months of july, august and september last year year, 77,000 jobs were created, with only 50,000 of them being in the government sector.
as many as 12,000 jobs were lost in software, communication and it sectors, he added.
one can sense that there is a great concern for jobs.
what has this budget done for jobs.
nothing.
there is no strategy to create jobs, no policy measures to create jobs, he said.
the budget did not address the key issues of economic growth and job creation and did not have any triggers for key components like government and public investment besides consumption, he said.
finance minister arunjaitley and bjp members during the voting on the gst bill in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley and bjp members during the voting on the gst bill in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo)even as bihar became the first non-bjp-ruled state and the second state to ratify the goods and services tax (gst) bill, maharashtra, the largest among nda-ruled states, is yet to set a date for the ratification.
while it is certain that maharashtra will follow bihar and convene a special one-day session of the state legislature before ganeshotsav on september 5, sources confirmed that the precise date will be finalised only after the state cabinet meeting on august 22.
the bill, passed by parliament on august 8, needs to be ratified by 16 of the 31 state assemblies before it can be referred for presidential assent.
the centre is keen that states complete the ratification process before month-end.
it has also been pushing the nda-ruled states to take a lead in this regard.
but bjps principal ally in maharashtra, the shiv sena, while voting for the bill in parliament, has been protesting outside the parliament, arguing that gst would hit revenue income of bigger municipalities such as mumbai, which the party controls.
the congress and the nationalist congress party in the opposition, on the other hand, are expected to back the reform.
on august 12, assam, also under bjp rule, became the first state to ratify the bill.
on tuesday, bihar chief minister nitish kumar attempted to score political points by pipping the bigger nda-ruled states in becoming the second state to do so.
in the national capital, arvind kejriwal, too, has convened a special four-day session from august 22 for the ratification.
jharkhand, another bjp-ruled state, will adopt the bill on wednesday, followed by gujarat and chhattisgarh (both bjp-led), where special assembly sessions have been convened on august 22 for the same.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan had called a special session in his state on august 24.
the maharashtra governments session is unlikely before august 24.
several legislative procedures must be followed to convene a special session.
after the cabinet gives its nod for the special session, a formal proposal must be sent to the governor.
the governor would issue summons calling the special session.
the legislative secretariat would then have to issue formal invitations to all lawmakers, said a senior official.
the centre is targeting april 1, 2017 as date for implementation of gst.
meanwhile, to assure municipalities of adequate compensation, the state government is expected to announce that it would push for allowing direct transfer of compensation to civic bodies instead of it being routed through the consolidated fund.
a gst council, with representatives from both the centre and the states, will be formed after completion of the ratification exercise and the subsequent presidential assent.
former union finance minister arunjaitley passed away on saturday.
jaitley, 66, was admitted to aiims on august 9 after he complained of breathlessness and restlessness.
he was placed under life support, with a multidisciplinary team of doctors monitoring his condition.
advertisingheres how political leaders remembered himunion minister nitin gadkari: i have seen him closely when he started as a student leader of the vidyarthi parishad.
he was one of the top lawyers in the country who possessed natural argumentative skills.
bjp veteran lk advani: a dedicated party worker for decades, he was someone who was inducted into the bjp core team when i was party president and he soon rose to become one of the most prominent leaders of the party.
bjp working president jp nadda: praising the senior bjp leader for his contribution to the nation and the party, nadda said,  all the people of india are deeply saddened by the demise of arun jaitley.
pleasant by personality, a team player by attitude and a savior for the government in times of need, he served the party and nation with full commitment.
advertisingpresident ran nath kovind: extremely saddened by the passing of shri arunjaitley after battling a long illness with fortitude and dignity.
a brilliant lawyer, a seasoned parliamentarian, and a distinguished minister, he contributed immensely to nation building.
his passing leaves a huge void in our public life and our intellectual ecosystem.
condolences to his family and associates.
prime minister narendra modi: arunjaitley ji was a political giant, towering intellectual and legal luminary.
he was an articulate leader who made a lasting contribution to india.
his passing away is very saddening.
spoke to his wife sangeeta ji as well as son rohan, and expressed condolences.
om shanti.
full of life, blessed with wit, a great sense of humour and charisma, arunjaitley ji was admired by people across all sections of society.
he was multi-faceted, having impeccable knowledge about indias constitution, history, public policy, governance and administration.
follow live updates: nation mourns death of arun jaitleyvice president venkaiah naidu: arunjaitley death is an irreparable loss for the country and personally to me also.
i have no words to express my grief.
he was a powerful intellectual, an able administrator and a man of impeccable integrityminister of home affairs amit shah: deeply pained by the demise of arunjaitley ji.
it is like a personal loss for me.
i have not only lost a senior party leader but also an important family member who will forever be a guiding light for me.
minister of defence rajnath singh: arunjaitley ji served the nation in several capacities and he was an asset to the government and the party organisation.
he always had a deep and clear understanding of the issues of the day.
his knowledge and articulation won him, several friends.
jaitleyji will always be remembered for pulling the economy out of the gloom and putting it back on the right track.
the bjp will miss arunjis presence.
i extend my heartfelt condolences to his bereaved family.
minister of finance nirmala sitharaman: no words can describe the loss of shri arun jaitley.
a mentor to many of us, a guide and a moral support and strength.
have learnt so much from him.
a fine large-hearted person.
always ready to help anyone/everyone.
his intelligence, sagacity, astuteness have no match.
upa chairperson sonia gandhi: shri arunjaitley had a long innings as a public figure, parliamentarian and minister and his contributions to public life will forever be remembered.
former president pranab mukherjee: deeply saddened at the untimely passing away of shri arun jaitley.
visited him just day before & prayed for his speedy recovery.
he was a leader with deep intellect & knowledge, and a voice of reason.
he will be dearly missed.
my prayers with his family, friends & admirers.
p chidambaram said that the demonetisation move would hit the gdp.
(source: ani_news/twitter) p chidambaram said that the demonetisation move would hit the gdp.
(source: ani_news/twitter)former finance minister p chidambaram on wednesday said the gdp of india would take a hit of at least one per cent if not two owing to the demonetisation move by prime minister narendra modi.
we will all have to suffer because of the folly of one person of this country the country will face a loss of rs 1.
5 lakh crore, chidambaram said.
he was speaking at the jan vedna sammelan organised by the congress party to highlight the hardships faced by people across the country.
seeking to debunk the exaggerated claims of the prime minister, chidambaram said instead of targeting black money and corruption, the government has targeted the poor.
the first case of corruption since rs 2, 000 notes were introduced took place in gujarat, chidambaram said.
have you heard the cea make a statement?
has the banking secretary or the finance secretary made a statement on demonetisation?
the only person who believes the gdp will not be affected is finance minister arunjaitley , he said.
chidambaram also questioned who would compensate those who have lost their lives and livelihoods due to the modi governments decision.
i demand that the government pay compensation to the daily wage workers who lost their livelihoods, he said, adding that 45 crore people lost their livelihood for 70 days due to one mans decision.
cabinet meeting?
chidambaram also questioned the government over its claim that a cabinet meeting took place on november 8 before prime minister narendra modi announced the move to demonetise.
we are yet to see a cabinet note of the meeting that took place, there has to be some record of the meeting taking place.
he also questioned how the centre was confident that the rbi would agree to its suggestion of demonetisation while claiming that it is always the rbi that suggests and not the government.
they sent a suggestion on november 7 and announced on november 8.
cashless economyon the governments move to push for a digital, cashless economy, chidambaram said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in india.
in germany and austria, 80 per cent of the transactions take place in cash.
australia sees 60 per cent of transactions in cash.
in india it is 94 per cent.
modi has heaped misery on crores of people.
b'finance minister arunjaitley before last years budget.
ravi kanojia/express file photo finance minister arunjaitley before last years budget.
ravi kanojia/express file photoits that time of the year when every politician, journalist, analyst, businessman, industry bigwig, professional, farmer, home-maker and teenager wants to be finance minister for a day.
everyone and his best friend thinks they can conjure a union budget that will magically solve the pressing problems of the day.
truth be told, most of us have an incredibly self-centric view of things and (consequently) impose our political affiliations, pet disgruntlements and favourite biases on our budget fantasies.
watch video | budget 2017 expectations: gstso, while the economists may want to focus on the fiscal deficit, stock market pundits are scared about whether long-term capital gains on equities will be taxed.
industrialists are lobbying for excise duty (and subsequently gst) slabs to be lowered (and customs duty hiked) for their sectors, even as they want the government to spend more on procurement/ordering.
householders are curious whether income tax slabs will be changed and exemptions increased.
fpis are running scared on gaar and whether it will lead to double (or is it triple) taxation on their indian operations.
bankers want to see higher allocations towards re-capitalising psu banks and tax exemptions on housing loans.
all this, and much more, will be on display when the budget is unveiled on february 1.
but what really matters more than the intricate arithmetic of the budget is the algebra or the policy reforms in administration and taxation that india so desperately needs.
to be fair, a budget is more of an accounting statement and not a formal policy document.
but the underlying message it sends out will surely define the policy evolution of this government as it completes half its term.
the policy events of the trailing year indicate a structural shift in policy evolution.
despite the obvious practical difficulties and persistent criticism, it is amply clear that demonetisation has found popular support.
we believe this may convince the government to take bold steps that, to conventional minds, run the risk of populist backlash.
policy evolution may break into a sprint.
if so, india will be well on the way to the economic future of our dreams.
we will keenly watch out for six key themes in the policy algebra of budget fy18.
watch video | budget 2017 expectations: sectoral impactfirst, the shift towards making the economy more organised has to be accelerated.
this is all about broadening the tax base (income tax reforms and gst), making formal jobs easier to create (or destroy), pulling in unorganised small and micro enterprises into the formal credit system.
this also involves correcting the under-declaration of business revenues (and profits) of the relatively larger and prosperous parts of the economy (professionals, shopkeepers, traders, political parties and large farmers) via fair tax traps such as gst and the shift towards a less-cash system.
simplifying and rationalising tax laws is a significant (and overdue) first step in encouraging more participation in the formal economy.
we need to eliminate regulatory cholesterol.
second, massive subsidy reforms have to be initiated such that better targeting (and savings) accrue.
at rs 2,50,000 crore, subsidies added up to 17.
5 per cent of all non-plan expenditure of the fy17 budget.
food alone accounts for over half this sum and is crying out for a 100 per cent switch to a direct benefit transfer (dbt) regime.
all government to citizen benefits/transfers should quickly migrate to aadhar (mgnregs, interest subsidies, government hospitals, government schools, life insurance, accident insurance, old age pension, crop cover, livestock cover).
the ongoing national drive against corruption is incomplete unless subsidy drainage is plugged.
eligibility for subsidy must also be revamped.
a number of subsidy recipients do not actually deserve them, even as large swathes of deserving folks miss out on benefits.
this is true for currently subsidised items (food, fertilisers, kerosene, lpg) as well as items where subsidies are not explicitly delivered (power).
third, the infrastructure thrust has to accelerate across the country.
there is no way indians can earn higher incomes, increase economic activity, improve living standards and drive up productivity unless we have more (and better) roads (state and national highways), urbanisation (we have only 50 cities with a million residents versus chinas 375+), urban infrastructure, railways, airports and ports.
watch video | budget 2017 expectations: taxesfourth, public goods comprising soft infrastructure are as important as hard infrastructure for the india story to be sustainable.
this is where high quality and national uniformity of delivery is even more difficult, especially since many of these areas are under the control of states, either exclusively or jointly via the concurrent list.
these include primary education, healthcare and medication, water supply, sanitation and drainage and law and order.
fifth, the welcome emergence of a firm or hard state means that elites and cliques that have enjoyed living off the erstwhile soft state face higher (unmanageable) costs of doing so any more.
the list of undeserving beneficiaries of policy largesse or administrative inefficiency is a long one.
here is but a short subset: beedi barons, benami land holders, corrupt government officials (and their businessmen friends), most political parties, ex-mps, organised labour unions, bank loan defaulters and, not to forget, seekers/lobbyists of various entitlements and benefits from the state.
sixth, the use of technology by the government has to increase rapidly.
none of the changes above can be reliably and sustainably implemented via manual or traditional processes.
it-enablement of government-citizen interfaces, back offices, monitoring and reporting systems is not just a productivity enhancer, it is what makes government operate at an acceptable or threshold level of acceptance in a connected world.
the combination of biometrics, mobiles, aadhar, e-payments and it-enablement of government offices holds the potential of making all interactions with government more reliable, quicker and easier.
union finance minister arunjaitley accussed pakistan, separatists and religious fundamentalists of having a hand in stone pelting.
(file) union finance minister arunjaitley accussed pakistan, separatists and religious fundamentalists of having a hand in stone pelting.
(file)finance minister arunjaitley on sunday described the ongoing phase of stone pelting in the valley as pakistans new strategy to attack indias integrity with the help of its stogies and said that there will be no compromise with secessionist forces and those indulging in violence.
it marked the beginning of stone pelting.
when children used to go to the schools, they filled their bags with stones instead of books for attacking the police and the security forces, he pointed out.
without naming any kashmir based mainstream political parties including national conference, congress and the peoples democratic party, or the separatists, arunjaitley regretted that those with narrow sightedness only saw the arrested stone pelters and not hundreds and thousands of injured police and security forces personnel admitted in hospitals.
they were not satyagrahis, but assailants, he said, adding that it is certainly an attack when 2,000 people carrying 10,000 stones attack a police post having 8-10 people.
however, some people do not understand it, he regretted, adding that india steered out of that situation also.
once again, they have attacked on indias integrity in a new way, he said and described it a big challenge for the country.
he added that the policy should be clear that in this fight against separatists, people of both jammu region and the kashmir province be made to stand along the country so as to defeat once again this new phase of pakistan sponsored war being fought by its stogies.
jaitley told people that nda government under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi has three clear priorities for jammu and kashmir.
first, there will be no compromise with national integrity and those indulging in violence; secondly the centre had to steer the violence ridden state out of economic morass, and have all round development in all the three regions of the state, the minister said.
(image for representational purposes.
pti) (image for representational purposes.
pti)farmers body faifa monday asked finance minister arunjaitley to protect interests of indian tobacco farmers while formulating gst laws.
the federation of all india farmer associations (faifa), a non-profit organisation representing farmers across states such as andhra pradesh, telangana, karnataka and gujarat, also said there should not be any discrimination among cigarette, bidi and chewing tobacco farmers.
last week the gst council had approved tobacco cess to be kept as a mixture of rs 4,170 per 1,000 sticks or ad valorem of 290 per cent.
gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in india and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals, faifa general secretary murali babu said in a statement.
he further said the last prevailing taxation framework took away away livelihoods of fcv tobacco farmers and promoted smuggling of cigarettes which had reached alarming levels.
the steep increase in the excise duty in the past has led to growth in smuggling of cigarettes in the country due to the high tax arbitrage, faifa said.
any further tax increase on the already over-taxed legal tobacco industry will only accelerate the process of diversion of tobacco consumption into the illicit and the unorganised tobacco sector, it said.
it will have adverse consequences on revenue collection and the tobacco control objectives of the government and serious implications on farmer livelihood, faifa added.
b'tax havens are defined as countries that have negligible tax on income and assets and provide secrecy to account holders and companies, usually through the law.
(source: ap photo) tax havens are defined as countries that have negligible tax on income and assets and provide secrecy to account holders and companies, usually through the law.
(source: ap photo)on the 4th of this month, several newspapers across the world, in a coordinated expose done in collaboration with the international consortium of investigative journalists (icij), made public a large cache of documents obtained from a panama-based law firm, mossack fonseca, which specialises in setting up secret companies for people who want to hide their identities and ownership of these companies.
the documents included emails, company opening accounts, instructions to the managers, contracts, some transaction details, etc.
read | #panamapapersindia part 5: art dealer, tea baron kin, entrepreneur couplethe names of the shareholders and directors of these companies are a veritable whos who of global politicians (including pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif, russian president vladimir putin, iceland pm sigmundur dav gunnlaugsson, british pm david camerons father, etc), bureaucrats, corporate captains (including dlf chairman k.p. singh), and celebrities (including amitabh bachchan and football star lionel messi).
in the immediate aftermath, some heads (such as the iceland pms) have rolled, others are promising a full investigation, most are claiming that their accounts are legal, and a few are denying the veracity of the panama papers.
read | panama papers: thickest file is on nri hedge fund manager in us prisonthe icij and the media organisations involved (the indian express in india) in this investigation for the last several months deserve enormous credit for carefully sifting through such a massive cache of documents, keeping it under wraps for so long, and coming out with a globally coordinated expose.
that just one law firm based in panama has set up secret companies for so many prominent people in so many countries, including over 500 indians, shows us the scale of the problem of illicit funds stashed in secret accounts and companies set up in tax havens.
tax havens are defined as countries that have negligible tax on income and assets and provide secrecy to account holders and companies, usually through the law.
the secreting of wealth in tax havens is often justified as legitimate tax planning.
this, along with corruption and crony capitalism, which have become rampant in many countries, including erstwhile communist countries like russia and china, has led to a situation where 62 of the richest people in the world own more wealth than the poorest three billion.
read | missing from oberoi stable: a firm each in the bahamas, hong kongthough many of those whose names have appeared are saying that they had legitimately transferred the money to these companies, the question is: why would someone go through so much trouble to find and pay law firms specialising in setting up companies with layers of secrecy in tax havens if their funds were legitimate?
it is possible that some of these funds are legitimate, but in most cases, they would not be.
the funds of most of the public servants would be proceeds of kickbacks obtained through government contracts and deals in their countries.
the funds of corporate captains are likely to have been siphoned out of their companies through over-invoicing purchases and under-invoicing sales.
the economic and political weekly has carried a detailed story this week about the directorate of revenue intelligence having unearthed rs 29,000 crore of alleged over-invoicing in coal imports alone in the last year.
some of the largest corporates like reliance, adani and essar are allegedly involved in this.
and very often, corporates swindle banks from whom they have borrowed money (like vijay mallya), apart from their shareholders.
in the case of celebrity account holders like actors and soccer stars, the money would most likely be tax-evaded income.
watch all panama related videos herethe illegalities in the source of the funds would be revealed if there is a thorough and credible investigation.
but some of the illegalities in the holding of the funds would become clear by checking if they had been declared in income tax returns.
for at least the last two years, and especially in the black money act brought into force last year, it has been compulsory to declare foreign income and assets on pain of prosecution.
thus, any of the fund holders who have not declared them so far can straightaway be prosecuted under the act.
and they can be forced to disclose the source of the funds and prosecuted separately for that depending on the nature of the illegality found there.
one of the companies involved, for example, has acquired the funds by way of commissions in defence deals in india, where commission agents had been barred.
however, the track record of this and previous governments in dealing with such crimes is not inspiring.
the names of account holders in hsbc, geneva, and the bank of liechtenstein were offered to our government many years ago by the french and the german governments.
after much reluctance and only when this came out in the public domain did our government accept this offer.
for many years thereafter, there was no tangible action on this.
after much delay and the formation of the special investigation team on black money on the orders of the supreme court, some penalties appear to have been imposed.
but there has been no public disclosure of either the account holders or the action taken against them.
and, till now, no one seems to have been jailed for these accounts.
now in the black money act (also called the fair and lovely scheme) an amnesty from prosecution was given to those who declared their ill-gotten funds and payed 60 per cent tax-cum-penalty.
even this netted a pittance of rs 3,700 crore.
finance minister arunjaitley has promised that no one will be spared.
if the government wants to inspire credibility, it must begin by disclosing which of these account holders had declared the companies/ assets owned by them to the authorities and when.
if the declaration had not been made, they must be swiftly prosecuted.
the action of the government must be publicly disclosed for it to be credible.
for too long, the people of the country have been taken for a ride by telling them that public disclosure of this information (as also information on those who have vanished with bank loans) cannot be made as this will violate the privacy of the defaulters and violators of the law.
privacy has always been held to be (as also in the rti act) a weak right to be overridden by public interest.
when huge amounts of public money are swindled in this manner, public interest requires such disclosure.
this must be followed by a credible and transparent investigation into the source of the funds and follow-up action on the illegalities involved.
the un convention against corruption provides the necessary tools to compel tax havens to disclose this information to india.
pm narendra modi had promised to bring back black money, which he said could put rs 15 lakh in each of our pockets.
if he wants to repair his damaged credibility in this regard, we need to see swift and visible action on the panama papers.
also, to get rid of this menace, india needs to lend its voice to the global clamour to shut down tax havens in the world.
unless the government wants to make in india using such laundered funds.
b'congress leader ghulam nabi azad said that the congress will support every bill that is in the interest of the nation.
congress leader ghulam nabi azad said that the congress will support every bill that is in the interest of the nation.
leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said on sunday that the congress will not obstruct the passage of any bill in the upcoming monsoon session of parliament, and will support any legislation that is in the interest of the nation.
speaking to reporters ahead of an all party-meeting called by the government, azad did not clarify the partys stand on the much-awaited goods and services tax bill, which tops the governments priority list in the session, which opens on monday.
congress will support any bill which is in the interest of the nation, people and growth.
we will let the bills pass on basis of merit, we do not obstruct passage of bills, he said.
watch video | bjp reaches out to congress to end gst stalematehe also said the congress will raise the issue of the situation in jammu and kashmir and also slammed the centre for targeting state governments under opposition parties.
situation in jammu and kashmir is a very serious issue, it must be discussed in parliament and the government should be answerable, azad said.
communist party of india-marxist (cpi-m) leader sitaram yechury said the issue of the gst bill cannot be settled between the congress and the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) alone.
also read | reforms not because of cong, in spite of it credit goes to rao-singh: arun jaitleyas far as the gst bill is concerned, its not a matter to be settled bilaterally between bjp and congress.
i have been requesting the government since two years to call an all-party meet to discuss the gst bill and listen to our concerns to form consensus, yechury said.
keen on passing the gst bill, the government has been holding a series of meetings with opposition leaders, which included a meeting between finance minister arunjaitley with azad and deputy leader anand sharma on thursday.
this is also the first parliament session since ananth kumar has been made the new parliamentary affairs minister.
a veteran bjp leader, ananth kumar is known for his management skills and for sharing good relations with several opposition leaders.
also read | focus on reforms more crucial than chasing certain growth number, says rajanananth kumar also has a new minister of state for parliamentary affairs in s.s. ahluwalia, who too is known for good equations with opposition leaders.
a second all-party meeting on sunday has been called by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan in the evening.
b'finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)finance minister arunjaitley , whose rajya sabha term from gujarat is coming to an end, will contest elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
while law minister ravi shankar prasad will be contesting from bihar, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan will do so from madhya pradesh, the bjps central election committee announced on wednesday.
hrd minister prakash javadekar will contest from maharashtra.
while pradhan is currently a member from bihar, javadekar is from madhya pradesh.
the party on wednesday announced the names of eight union ministers and one general secretary for the upcoming rajya sabha polls in various states.
all others  apart from arunjaitley , pradhan and javadekar  will contest from the states they have been elected from.
social justice minister thawarchand gehlot will contest from madhya pradesh and j p nadda from himachal pradesh, the party said in a statement.
the other two union ministers, parshottam rupala and manusukh mandaviya, will contest from gujarat.
bhupender yadav, the partys general secretary, will again contest from rajasthan.
the bjp is expected to increase its strength as 58 seats are going for elections on march 23.
bjps impressive performance in the past two years would have a favourable impact on the party.
the current strength of the bjp in the 239-member house is 58 and the nda has 82.
the number of seats falling vacant are  uttar pradesh(10), maharashtra and bihar (6 each), west bengal and madhya pradesh (5 each), karnataka and gujarat (4 each), andhra pradesh, telangana, odisha and rajasthan (3 each), jharkhand( 2) and chhattisgarh, haryana, himachal and uttarakhand (1 each).
meanwhile, samajwadi party has decided to re-nominate jaya bachchan for rajya sabha from uttar pradesh.
b'finance minister arunjaitley before last years budget.
ravi kanojia/express file photo finance minister arunjaitley before last years budget.
ravi kanojia/express file photogiven the economic uncertainty around the world and the demonetisation-induced domestic downturn in the indian economy, preparing this years union budget was never going to be an easy task.
but the modi government seems determined to make its task harder.
it has managed to generate expectations  that will almost inevitably remain unfulfilled  through a weird combination of denial of the manifold ill-effects of demonetisation, encouragement of all sorts of ideas around the concept of universal basic income, and simultaneous acceptance of relatively rigid fiscal targets.
but consider first the timing of the budget announcement, in the context of the enormous complexity of the fiscal projections for this year and the estimations for the coming year that must underlie the budget-making exercise.
this is the first year in which the presentation of the union budget has been put forward by a full month, ostensibly to ensure that the legislative approval for its provisions can be completed in the two months before the beginning of the new financial year on april 1.
this may sound reasonable.
but even in a normal year, there could be several problems with presenting the budget early.
these problems go beyond the political concerns that have been expressed by the opposition parties.
even in a normal year, it would be problematic to project annual figures for anything  gdp, tax revenue collections, even public spending  on the basis of data for only the first seven or eight months.
but this is no ordinary year.
demonetisation and the subsequent cash shortage have ravaged the economy.
we know that there has been some severe adverse impact, but we do not know how much, how pervasive and how wide, deep and prolonged such effects will be.
the central statistical organisation obliged the government by bringing out its own advance estimates of the gdp, a month in advance, to assist the budget-making exercise.
but since it could not factor in any of the effects of demonetisation, the advance estimates provide us (and the finance ministry) with precious little clue of the likely gdp.
the safe estimate only slightly lowered the expected rate of gdp growth to 7.
1 per cent this year, which is certainly an over-estimation.
data from other sources point to dramatic declines in informal economic activity, and even reductions in formal activity because of the declining demand and breakdown of supply chains, as well as falls in employment, wages and incomes of the self-employed.
these are not processes that can be undone in a month or two.
and since the cash crunch still persists, the adverse impacts continue to put a further squeeze on current and future economic activity and investment plans.
so economic activity will definitely decelerate beyond the csos projection.
the revenue projections are also uncertain.
the finance minister has used the evidence of an increase in tax revenues in the two months after demonetisation to suggest that real economic activity has not been hit and tax revenues may even increase as a result of this move.
this is unrealistic for several reasons.
direct tax collections in the third quarter of 2016-17 are not a good guide to the total tax collections over the fiscal year.
it is likely that large amounts of advance taxes were paid in demonetised notes, which would lead to a peak of such tax collection in these months rather than in the last quarter of the year.
indirect tax collections in the third quarter of 2016-17 benefited from the 20 per cent increase in global oil prices, since the government had increased the ad valorem customs and excise duty rates during the phase of lower prices, and did not reduce those rates even as global oil prices increased, thereby generating windfall tax gains.
the economic slowdown will most likely reduce tax revenues in the last quarter.
this slowdown  induced almost entirely by demonetisation  demands urgent fiscal action.
having caused so much damage to the economy, the government must do something to contain it or at least mitigate its worst effects.
this requires significantly enhanced public spending, preferably in activities that generate more employment.
public funding has to be enhanced in ways that revive mass consumption, hit by the cash crunch.
a sensible government would significantly increase allocations to social spending, particularly to areas that are not only massively underprovided, but also require particular attention in the wake of the employment and livelihood losses causes by demonetisation.
these include food and nutrition, health and education  spending that not only improves the quality of peoples lives but has the added advantage of producing direct and indirect multiplier effects.
if the government were at all truly serious about moving towards some kind of basic income provision (without undermining other public provisions), it would begin by universalising the pensions currently provided only to the bpl population, and increasing the paltry sum of rs 200 per month to half the minimum wage  as has been demanded for years by the pension parishad.
if the government were sensitive, it would acknowledge the adverse consequences of its disastrous demonetisation policy on ordinary people, and provide at least some compensation to those who lost jobs and livelihoods  and to the next of kin of those who lost their lives  through no fault of their own, because of this move.
but thus far, unfortunately, the government has shown little sign of being sensible, serious or sensitive.
b'financial minister arun jaitley.
(file) financial minister arun jaitley.
(file)several commercial tenants were on sunday detained as they staged a protest near the residence of union finance minister arunjaitley against eviction by their landlords and demanded gujarat model of rent control act in delhi.
a small number of men and women pagdi shopkeepers under the banner of rajdhani pagdi kirayedar sanghthan who had gone to hand over their memorandum to arunjaitley at his krishna menon marg residence were detained and taken to parliament street police station around noon.
the protesters failed to meet arunjaitley who is accompanying an all-party delegation to kashmir.
some members raised slogans and demanded gujarat model of rent control act.
they also waved rotis, symbolising a threat to their livelihood.
the protesters was then taken to the police station.
we had gone to hand over our memorandum to arunjaitley for urgent measures required to stop eviction of commercial tenants by landlords on grounds of false bonafide need under the delhi rent control act.
we could not meet him and were detained, said rambhakt aggarwal, convenor of rajdhani pagdi kirayedar sanghthan.
he claimed that if immediate action was not taken then it would affect the livelihood of around 30-40 lakh people of delhi including pagdi shopkeepers, suppliers, transporters, casual labourers and their family members.
we demand an ordinance for immediately stopping evictions and implementation of gujarat model of rent control act, he said.
arun arunjaitley allocated a total of rs 1943 crore, compared to rs 1592 crore earmarked last year.
(source: pti) arunjaitley allocated a total of rs 1943 crore, compared to rs 1592 crore earmarked last year.
(source: pti)the sports ministry budget got a substantial hike of rs 350 crore in the union budget for 2017-18, presented by finance minister arunjaitley in the parliament.
jaitley allocated a total of rs 1943 crore, compared to rs 1592 crore earmarked last year.
the steep increase in the budgetary allocation comes at a time when indian athletes are preparing for the commonwealth games and asian games in 2018.
the hike also comes in the wake of indias dismal showing at the rio olympics where it won just two medals  a silver and bronze.
the sports authority of india, entrusted with the task of organising national camps, has been granted a total of rs 481 crore, compared to rs 416 crore it received last year.
what is striking is that the allocation for sports promotion among disabled has been reduced to just rs one lakh, a heavy reduction from rs 4 crore allocated last year.
the assistance to national sports federations has been increased to rs 302 crore from rs 185 crore.
the allocation for the scheme for the benefit of north eastern area, has been revised to rs 148.
4 crore this year as compared to rs 131.
33 crore last year.
no change has been made in the allocation for sports in the jammu and kashmir and it stays at rs 75 crore.
there has been a marginal increase of rs 6.
5 crore in funds earmarked for national service scheme with the initiative getting rs 144 crore in place of rs 137.
50 crore in 2016-2017.
the contribution to the national sports development fund has been reduced to rs 2 crore from rs 5 crore.
in another notable statistics, a mere rs 50 lakh has been allocated for identifying and nurturing sports talent in the country.
the total allocation for khelo india, however, has been increased to rs 350 crore from rs 140 crore.
the sports ministry later issued a press release saying that budget for sports has been enhanced by 40 per cent since last year.
this is because of the initiative and interest of the prime minister that he is taking in sports, the ministry said.
funds for promotion of sports among disabled will be done now from the funds allotted from khelo india programme and hence only a token amount has been provided, it said.
the sports ministry said that contributions have been asked from the public sector undertakings for the national sports development fund so as to enhance the sports activities and promotion of players.
a talent search portal is being launched for identification and nurturing of sporting talent in the country.
to start with, a sum of rs 50 lakh has been kept for this purpose.
funds have been separately designated for nurturing and developing sports talent, it said.
national-level competitions have been organised under the khelo india programme so as to initiate a sporting culture in the country.
also, rural games are being planned to be held in the near future.
b'file photo of finance minister arun jaitley.
(source: pti) file photo of finance minister arun jaitley.
governments have also realised that there is multiplicity and different trends.
now one of the trends is that media is no longer a reporting institution, it is also becoming an agenda setting institution.
he was responding to a question about how government perceives the coverage it is receiving in the media.
you can (in this situation) find space in social media, some space in conventional print media.
you may or may not be able to find space on electronic media because space for news on the electronic media is depleting, he added.
jaitley said that often he does not give tv bytes as the journalists are only interested in a comment to be run for the 9 pm prime time show.
its a question of who sets the agenda, he said.
the government thinks it should set the agenda and media should report and the latter thinks that it sets the agenda, he added.
he lamented that excellent speeches were made by female mps on budget, but they hardly got any media coverage.
in news, he said there is no censorship but only a monitoring mechanism.
presently, the required monitoring mechanisms for fm radio are not in place, he said while refusing to put a timeline as to when this next step of allowing news on radio could be taken.
cm devendra fadnavis with finance minister arunjaitley cm devendra fadnavis with finance minister arun jaitleymaharashtra on friday urged the centre for greater devolution of funds following enforcement of goods and services tax (gst) and relaxing of global borrowing norms to facilitate completion of ten mega-infrastructure projects in the state.
chief minister devendra fadnavis held meetings with union finance minister arunjaitley , prime ministers principal secretary nripendra misra and secretary economic affairs shaktikanta das.
during the meeting with misra and das, the chief minister raised the issue of some laid guidelines that put a cap on loan ceiling and that mandates the government to be the guarantor when seeking loans from global financial companies.
the state government wants the centre to consider individual autonomous cash rich institutions like mmrda, cidco, msrdc to be the guarantor.
last august, the chief minister wrote to the economic affairs department citing the technical glitches.
it highlighted how japan international cooperation agency (jica) which has offered rs 15,000 crore loan for mthl, or adb /world bank funding of rs 14,000 crore for metros 7/ 2a/ 2b have indicated that state government stand guarantor instead of mmrda.
the problem for the state was it had exhausted its loan ceiling of rs 64,000 crore.
to avail higher global loans, it had to seek the centres intervention along with modifications in guidelines.
the state is arguing that cash-rich autonomous authorities like mmrda, cidco and msrdc be eligible and acceptable for standing guarantor.
the state is pushing almost ten mega projects worth rs 2 lakh crore in mumbai and the rest of the state.
during the meeting with arunjaitley , the chief minister accompanied by state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar indicated that gst compensations should factor various aspects that would be impacted, including octroi and manufacturing sector.
the state expects rs 7,500 crore compensation for octroi and rs 15,000 to 18,000 crore as gst compensation.
at the meeting, fadnavis requested the centre to dilute penal provisions of the act.
b'arun arunjaitley admitted to aiims, will undergo surgery tomorrow arunjaitley admitted to aiims, will undergo surgery tomorrowfinance minister arunjaitley was on friday evening admitted to the all indian institute of medical science (aiims) where he is scheduled to undergo a kidney transplant operation tomorrow, pti reported.
the 65-year-old minister has been suffering from a kidney ailment and hasnt returned to office since monday.
he has not even taken oath of office after being re-elected to the rajya sabha.
the minister, who cancelled his scheduled visit to london for the 10th india-uk economic and financial dialogue next week, had confirmed his illness in a tweet yesterday.
i am being treated for kidney related problems & certain infections that i have contracted, he had tweeted.
i am being treated for kidney related problems & certain infections that i have contracted.
i am therefore currently working from controlled environment at home.
the future course of my treatment would be determined by the doctors treating me.
arun arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) april 5, 2018jaitley, however, had not elaborated on the ailment, but said he was currently working from controlled environment at home.
the future course of my treatment would be determined by the doctors treating me.
he is likely to be operated by nephrologist dr sandeep guleria from apollo hospital, also brother of aiims director randeep guleria, who is a family friend of jaitley.
meanwhile, congress chief rahul gandhi has tweeted for jaitleys speedy recovery.
im truly sorry to hear this @arunjaitley ji.
i pray for your speedy recovery.
https://t.
co/nwrfo9ep9a  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) april 6, 2018jaitley had in september 2014 undergone a bariatric surgery to treat weight gain that he suffered because of a long-standing diabetic condition.
that surgery was first performed at max hospital, but he had to be later shifted to aiims because of complications.
he had a heart surgery several years ago.
b'prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
(pti photo)the governments start-up india initiative is laudable.
in its action plan, a public venture fund is conspicuous by its absence.
this is an excellent move.
but while the government has avoided one misstep, it seems to have taken another: as part of the action plan, it intends to create a policy and framework for setting up incubators across the country in ppp mode.
the plan envisages setting up 35 new incubators in existing institutions, where 40 per cent of funding shall come from the centre.
this does not seem prudent.
research by the kauffman foundation demonstrates that the incubation centre strategy is ineffective at promoting entrepreneurial activity.
strategies anchored in incubators fail to foster entrepreneurship because the tactics are not suited to the experiential and collaborative process that characterises entrepreneurship.
incubators are set up to provide start-ups with office space and basic services, which will free up funds and allow them to focus on core business functions.
office space and overheads, however, are hardly effective or vital, and research shows that this support will not necessarily lead to a surge in successful entrepreneurial ventures.
unless a start-up requires capital-intensive equipment, the incubator does not help it significantly, and may only serve to harbour businesses that would otherwise not survive.
some incubators purport to go beyond office space and provide more diverse support services, such as accounting and bookkeeping, legal and management advice, and intellectual property assistance.
research, however, provides no evidence to suggest incubator firms perform better than non-incubator firms.
instead of focusing on incubators, there must be a long-term emphasis on entrepreneurs as individuals who learn by doing and interacting with others.
states seeking to promote entrepreneurship must create communities characterised by dense connections among entrepreneurs and organisations that support them.
research indicates local connections are far more important to the success of entrepreneurs than national or global contacts because entrepreneurs in the same business environment are the best sources of specific information and knowledge for those starting new businesses.
also because entrepreneurs need to interact and learnfrequently and on an ad-hoc basis to meet emerging challenges.
while books and courses may inform continuous learning, there is no substitute for advice from local business owners as entrepreneurs navigate the complicated decisions they face at each stage.
other entrepreneurs can offer the most effective advice specific to the new businesss situation and locality.
these connections, however, are not easy to make.
it is often difficult to find other entrepreneurs or meet investors; and investors have trouble identifying local entrepreneurs.
state governments can facilitate networking between entrepreneurs and entrepreneurship support organisations by bringing them together in an environment that catalyses learning and the formation of relationships, and offers opportunities to discuss challenges candidly and receive feedback and advice.
events that bring entrepreneurs together to learn and connect create vibrant entrepreneurship ecosystems and with minimal investment.
among other steps that the government needs to take to make the start-up india initiative successful, is simplifying taxation for start-ups after their three-year holiday.
taxes matter, but what entrepreneurs are most concerned about is tax complexity.
simplifying tax codes and payment systems so they are easier to understand will relieve what many entrepreneurs feel is a burden on them.
also, land-use and zoning regulations are consistently flagged as significant concerns of entrepreneurs.
surveys consistently find that start-ups identify rules relating to zoning and land-use as the ones that create the greatest difficulty for them.
this concern is likely to be significant because about half of all entrepreneurs start their firms within their own homes, while only 40 per cent rent or lease space.
one immediate action states can take is to establish transparent criteria for zoning approvals and institute quick and transparent decision-making processes by local bodies.
both are crucial to start-ups, especially those in the earliest stages.
cumbersome and long decision-making processes are detrimental to entrepreneurs who have business ideas, operating cash, and customers, but must wait months to find out where they can locate their businesses.
b'senior bjp leader subramanian swamy (pti photo) senior bjp leader subramanian swamy (pti photo)bjp mp subramanian swamy on saturday sought to downplay his threat of bloodbath making it clear he did not intend the literal meaning of the word but only hinted at chaos which has not happened.
i said i am the most disciplined person.
if i was indisciplined, there would not be what they called as bloodshed.
bloodshed did not mean blood spilling.
bloodshed means there will be chaos.
and i said that because i am disciplined, nothing of that kind happened, he told a press conference.
the bjp leader said his usage of the word was misunderstood as everyone took the literal meaning of bloodshed.
asked about the reported unhappiness of the bjp leadership over his attacks targeting those in the finance ministry, he said, that is what your press is saying.
i dont know.
jaitley had counselled swamy restraint in public course while attacking government officials who are unable to defend themselves because of office discipline.
the bjp had also distanced itself from swamys attacks on chief economic adviser arvind subramanian and economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das, in whose defence arunjaitley spoke strongly.
on friday, party sources said the leadership was upset over his public comments.
replying to questions about his shifting from one party to another, swamy said there was a time late jayaprakash narayan used to attack the rss and then he came to the conclusion that the organisation has evolved to a point where without it democracy cannot be restored.
he also referred to congress bringing down the gujral government on the rajiv gandhi assassination issue and later tying up with the dmk.
i can go on giving you names, parties which held positions and then after new material comes into existence, change it.
now neither the rss minds what i said nor am i opposed to what the bjp said about me.
we nationalist forces had to come together because there was a danger swamy said alleging sonia gandhi had tried to decalred a state of emergency in 2011-12 cooking up this hindu terror basis.
under criticism over his waiter jibe, swamy made tongue-in-cheek remarks today complimenting arunjaitley for his smart looks and ticking off robert vadra, who spoke of the dignity of waiters.
he said he did not target anybody and what he only wanted was politicians should not look like waiters.
the attire comment was not against anybody.
i only said politicians should not look like waiters.
there is nothing wrong in it (to wear such attires).
i said they should not be mistakenthats all, swamy said in press conference.
i did not aim anybody.
actually mr arunjaitley looks very smart in the attire.
he looks like an exception, he said.
swamy also hit back at robert vadra, who criticised him for his derogatory remarks about waiters and termed them classist, saying vadra was pained as his mother was a waitress in a restaurant in england.
i can sense vadras pain.
because, his mother was a waitress.
she was a waitress in a small restaurant in england and so he feels offended that i made fun of waiters, he said adding that he did not make fun of waiters.
earlier in the day, in a tweet vadra took a dig at swamy for his derogatory remarks about waiters and termed them classist.
swamy responded in kind to say vadra should concentrate on staying out of jail instead of making political comments.
vadra, who is congress chief sonia gandhis son-in-law, was commenting on swamys swipe at arunjaitley in which he had said ministers who wear a coat and tie look like waiters and must be instructed to wear indian clothes.
in a facebook post, vadra said, undermining waiters who work hard for a living; making condescending and derogatory remarks about them is deplorable and classist.
when asked about his attacks on subramanian, swamy said he had made his point to the government and now it was up to the government to decide.
he said he had brought all these matters before the prime minister and his party and it was up to them to decide.
modi is a man who knows his mind.
nobody can force him to do anything.
so i brought these to their notice.
if they want to keep him, they can keep him and if they do not want to keep they can also do so.
after all, these what i said i cannot go beyond this, he said.
noting that bjp is not congress party type, swamy said our party is a democratic partyi have the right to express it, he said.
on the outgoing reserve bank governor raghuram rajan, he said rajan had no formal degree in economics and was just a b-tech graduate and a management student from mit.
attacking former union minister p chidambaram, swamy said the congress leader would definitely be in trouble on the aircel-maxis issue.
b'liquor baron vijay mallya liquor baron vijay mallyaquestioning the business model of long-grounded kingfisher airlines for vijay mallyas mounting woes, finance minister arunjaitley has said the airline sector as such is doing well in india with many carriers making good profits.
mallya, the owner of kingfisher airlines and many other companies that owe over rs 9,000 crore of dues to lenders, iscurrently in london, defying enforcement directorate (ed) summons.
i am not giving a final opinion on it.
watch video: what does issuing of non-bailable warrant against vijay mallya mean?
as far as the recoveries are concerned, in this (mallya) case, banks are taking all possible steps.
and whether there have been violations of some penal provisions, the investigating agencies are looking at it, he said.
a non-bailable warrant has been issued against mallya after he refused to return to india to appear before the ed on three different occasions on investigations related to a money laundering case against him.
jaitleys remarks came on a day when the external affairs ministry suspended mallyas diplomatic for four weeks and threatened to revoke it if he fails to respond within a week on why his passport should not be impounded.
i do not think it (mallyas case) had anything to do with the government because a lot of his cases were also locked up in courts.
when he was in india, i understand from the banking sector that almost every recovery, every step, was challenged in court.
so he used the legal process till the date of his departure and then he had to abandon that, the minister said.
a member of parliament, under the existing law, could lose his membership if one becomes an adjudged insolvent, for which the bankruptcy law is necessary, he said.
generally, if you are not paying, that is different from the legal language in the constitution.
there has to be a system under which you are adjudicated and judged as a declared insolvent and that only happens if you have an insolvency law in place.
thats what the parliamentary committee is looking at not in his context but independent of that, he said, hoping that this case may help early passageof the law.
if you look at other airline companies in india, most of them have turned around and are making (profits).
jet is now making profit.
indigo has made huge profits throughout.
spice jet is making profits.
jaitley said his own understanding of the npa (non- performing asset) situation is that most of it is related to business failure in certain specific sectors of the industry.
if you analyse the quantum of npas, they represent about five or six sectors  steel, power, somewhat in textiles, highways, infrastructure, there are a few of them in sugar.
in addition to these there are individual companies that have done badly, he said.
some loans might have been given without adequate due diligence principles, he acknowledged.
airlines problem is not sectoral, for the simple reason that most of the other airlines lasted the challenging period, turned around and are making profits.
in steel, across the board sector was suffering, highways is a sector where everybody was suffering.
these are all sectoral reasons, sectors where you have to address the sector, where the sector would revive and the bad loans become performing loans, he said.
jaitley said banks and other investigating agencies would act independently and take their own decision.
the banks have to take a prudent decision based on their banking.
the government did not ask the banks to sanction the loan.
the banks (even if it is a government-owned) would have to take a decision based on their commercial considerations, he said in response to a question.
the finance minister is currently on a week-long tour of the us primarily to attend the annual spring meeting of the international monetary fund and the world bank.
the outcome of the slugfest will be crucial for chief minister vasundhara raje.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) the outcome of the slugfest will be crucial for chief minister vasundhara raje.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)a week after bharatiya janata party (bjp) mla ashok parnami resigned from the partys state presidents post, the uncertainty over his successor continues.
the delay has also once again brought to spotlight the uncomfortable relationship shared by chief minister vasundhara raje with partys central leadership, with her loyalists camping in delhi to push for a favourable candidate.
party sources said that the central leadership had finalised the name of gajendra singh shekhawat, the union minister of state for agriculture, to head the state unit.
the first time mp, who has been associated with the sangh since long, would begin with a clean slate if given the position.
however, shekhawat is seen as being closer to partys central leadership than the raje-led state leadership.
while, the raje camp wants someone from amongst themselves to be made the state chief, the position assumes more significance ahead of the vidhan sabha polls later this year and lok sabha polls next year.
while the central leadership wanted to highlight shekhawats rss leanings and being a long time party worker as his credentials, raje loyalists have been opposing shekhawat stating that the move will further alienate the party for jats, since shekhawat is a rajput; the two communities have been traditionally opposed to each other in the state.
the move was also being seen as central leaderships attempt to assuage rajputs, considered bjps traditional supporters, who have opposed the party for over a year now over a host of issues.
the anger spilled onto the bypolls to ajmer and alwar lok sabha and mandalgarh vidhan sabha, with bjp losing out in all 17 assembly seats.
however, what has instead come into play is raje camps assertion before the central leadership in the guise of rajput  jat caste rivalry.
hence, it is instead pushing for other names, such as that of raje loyalist and cabinet minister for urban development and housing, srichand kriplani.
kriplani hails from the sindhi punjabi community, same as outgoing president parnami; kriplani has, however, reportedly ruled himself out of the race.
several rajasthan minister and mlas, including yunus khan, prabhu lal saini, rampratap, ajay kilak, etc.
have been camping in delhi to convince the central leadership to push a candidate of their choice, while claiming they are in delhi owing to personal commitments.
another name doing the round is that of union minister of state, arjun ram meghwal, who hails from the dalit community.
interestingly, his son ravi shekhar, a rajasthan administrative services (ras) officer, purportedly commented on bjp chief amit shahs facebook page advising against shekhawats appointment as it does not suit caste combination and that congress is set to win 140 seats in the state.
shekhar has denied the claims, saying that someone mischievously posted the comments from his phone which is often left unattended at office in his home, with the social media application logged in.
while meghwals appointment may influence states large dalit base, the raje camp is also not keen with his name.
other names include former minister lakshmi narayan dave, and incumbent rajya sabha mps bhupender yadav and narayan lal panchariya.
the outcome of the slugfest will be crucial for raje.
while earlier she had the backing of leaders such as l k advani, sushma swaraj and arunjaitley , she has to weather it alone this time.
the central leadership also hopes to have a cohesive state unit to keep alive its hopes of a return to the state.
finance minister arunjaitley (centre) in parliament thursday.
(source: express photo by anil sharma) finance minister arunjaitley (centre) in parliament thursday.
(source: express photo by anil sharma)as rajya sabha passed four gst bills in an atmosphere of camaraderie, one man who had not spoken once during the two-day debate became the protagonist.
immediately after the bills were passed, finance minister arunjaitley walked up to former prime minister manmohan singh and shook his hand.
the congress did not move amendments to the bills.
citing advice by manmohan, jairam ramesh withdrew his amendment that required decisions of the gst council to be brought before parliament.
two amendments put to vote  one by trinamool mp derek obrien and the other by left mps tapan sen and t k rangarajan  were defeated.
ramesh said, i had moved the amendment because i felt that parliament was being bypassed however yesterday the former pm advised me not to move the amendment as it would disrupt the gst structure.
hence i am not moving.
it was the same argument arunjaitley had used minutes earlier to persuade another member not to move or press for division on the same amendment.
the central gst bill, the integrated gst bill, the gst (compensation to states) bill and the union territory gst bill were passed amid lighthearted banter, with nearly everyone standing up to support gst.
rameshs reference to manmohan drew initial jibes from both the treasury and opposition benches.
obrien, whose amendment was essentially the same as the one ramesh withdrew, said: i wish mr ramesh and his colleagues had consulted the former pm earlier because in lok sabha congress moved the same amendment.
urban development minister venkaiah naidu asked if ramesh had also consulted manmohans boss.
ramesh said he made the point only to emphasise the difference between the former pm who is a statesman and the present pm who is a politician.
ramesh mentioned a jibe by prime minister narendra modi who had said, in a reference to alleged corruption in the upa regime, that manmohan knows how to bathe in a raincoat.
when the bills were finally returned to lok sabha  they are money bills  leaders across parties walked up to congratulate arunjaitley while he walked up to the opposition benches.
congress mps called back manmohan, who had begun to depart; he and arunjaitley shook hands while ghulam nabi azad, anand sharma and others looked on.
earlier, when the chair called out the name of former finance minister p chidambaram, he declined to speak and was heard saying: who put my name there?
even as his party colleagues called out to him to speak, he remained seated.
then the trinamool and the left, arch rivals in bengal, abstained from voting on each others amendments.
the trinamools just got 11 ayes and the lefts 9.
the highest number of amendment notices were given by subirami reddy, who was absent.
in his speech, arunjaitley assured members that neither the concerns about the being predominantly in the hands of private sector banks nor those about federalism were valid.
gst council is indias first federal institution, in fact we consciously avoided voting to reach decisions through a process of deliberative democracy.
the plenary powers are with the parliament and the state legislatures, he said.
the credit, he said, goes to successive governments, mps and all political parties.
b'veteran servicemen shout slogans during a protest against the one rank one pension scheme outside the finance minister arunjaitley residence in new delhi.
(source: file photo/ pti photo) veteran servicemen shout slogans during a protest against the one rank one pension scheme outside the finance minister arunjaitley residence in new delhi.
(source: file photo/ pti photo)the one rank one pension (orop) scheme will cost the government rs 7,500 crore per year as against the earlier projected estimate of rs 8,300 crore.
the government on wednesday issued detailed instructions regarding orop implementation and said that the defence pension outlay was set to increase by 20 per cent in 2016- 17.
the annual recurring financial implication on account of implementation of orop at the current rate will be approximately rs 7,500 crore, the instructions issued by the government said.
while the ex-servicemen community welcomed the instructions, it frowned over the reduction in the annual financial spending.
we welcome this announcement of orop tables by the government as it is the next logical step.
but the devil lies in the detail, and we will have to see the details in the tables to know if our issues have been addressed.
the original estimate made by the defence minister was for rs 8,300 crore.
now, they have brought it down to rs 7,500 crore, whittled down the amount by rs 800 crore, which amounts to pinching pennies, said wing commander (retd) c k sharma, treasurer of the indian ex servicemen movement.
despite a demand by protesting ex-servicemen to implement orop with effect from april 1, 2014, the government instructions added that the arrears will be paid with effect from july 1, 2014 and pegged the arrears till december 2015 at rs 10,900 crore.
the total increase in the defence budget for pensions is estimated to go up from rs 54,000 crore (be 2015-16) to around rs 65,000 crore (proposed be 2016-17), thereby increasing the defence pension outlay by about 20 per cent, the instructions said.
according to the instructions, 86 per cent of the total expenditure on account of orop will benefit the jcos/ors. payment of arrears will be made by the pension disbursing authorities in four installments, except for family pensioners and pensioners in receipt of gallantry awards, who will be paid arrears in one installment.
why not jharkhand?
central government has to look at 29 states.
why not jharkhand?
central government has to look at 29 states.
(pti photo/file)a tdp parliamentarian on friday said that finance minister arunjaitley comparing andhra pradesh to bihar to deny the southern state the special category state status angered the people and was one of the factors behind the partys decision to pull out its ministers of the central government.
the union finance minister in a press meet compared andhra pradesh to bihar to deny andhra pradesh a special category state status and that also contributed in our party president (and chief minister n chandrababu naidu) announcing the resignations of two ministers, he said, adding that it hurt the sentiments and angered the people of andhra pradesh.
when you make such comparison, there arises a question why should we give special status to ap while having a state more backward, bihar.
this is wrong.
they angered the people, ministers and the chief minister.
it was a promise made in parliament and the comparison was not right, tdp rajya sabha mp t g venkatesh told reporters.
why not jharkhand?
central government has to look at 29 states.
under relentless opposition attack over its failure to secure special category state status for andhra pradesh, the states ruling tdp pulled out of the modi government yesterday.
president ram nath kovind today accepted the resignations of telugu desam party ministers ashok gajapathi raju pasupati and y s chowdary.
raju today for the first time joined his party mps in a protest inside the parliament complex raising their demand.
the ministers after their resignations yesterday said that they would now have more freedom to protest for the rights of andhra pradesh.
finance minister arun jaitley.
(source: pti photo) finance minister arun jaitley.
(source: pti photo)a zero tax on daily necessities as well as lower rate of 5 per cent for items of mass consumption will make the new goods and services tax regime, to be rolled out from april next year, less regressive, tax experts said.
the four rate structure of 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent is on expected lines, they said.
while the goods will have a multiple rate structure, no clarity is provided on rates applicable to services, said prashant deshpande of deloitte haskins & sells.
hopefully there will be a single rate structure.
sandeep chilana of shardul amarchand mangaldas said while the present approach is a departure from international practice of single gst rate, this collaborative and consultative approach should successfully address the peculiar social, political and economic complexities in india.
also read: gst council decides on 4-tier tax structure, lowest rate fixed at 5 per centrajeev dimri, leader, indirect tax, bmr & associates llp said though zero rating of necessities is a welcome news, the actual benefit to consumer will depend on the items included in this category.
limiting the zero rating to food grains or agri products may not lead to any significant reduction on tax costs for the consumers, he said.
lower rate of 5 per cent for items of mass consumption along with zero rated tax structure for essential commodities would make gst less regressive and pocket friendly for common man.
also, tax costs might even go down for commodities to be taxed at 5 per cent provided the credits on procurements are fully allowed.
while the lists are yet to be rolled out by the gst council, all essential commodities and services, including education and health care should feature in the list of special concessional rate of 5 per cent (if not zero rated).
the inflationary impact on standard rated commodities should be minimal but services may become dearer by getting pushed to 18 per cent slab, he said.
cleartax.com ceo & founder archit gupta said a lower rate could result in wider coverage which is the primary objective of gst.
a lower rate could also lead to more spending hence a buoyant economy, leading to a beneficial environment for business.
deshpande said in lowering the rate on common use items from expected 6 per cent to revised rate of 5 per cent, the interests of common man seem to have played a key role.
it would be interesting to know what the government deems as common use items.
krishan arora of grant thornton india said while the consensus on rate structure among the centre and the statesseems to be a step closer towards timely implementation of gst, the essence of the multiple split tax rates will need to pass the test of industry acceptance on grounds of revenue neutrality and zero cascading across sectors specially goods falling in the 28 per cent bracket.
b'kirti azad at parliament house kirti azad at parliament houseafter navjot singh sidhu, cricketer kirti azads wife is likely to join the aam admi party.
azad retweeted a news report of his wife poonam azad joining the aap from his twitter handle.
poonam azad will resign soon and join aap, sources close to her said.
she is currently a delhi bjp spokesperson and was earlier its vice president.
watch video: navjot singh sidhu quits rajya sabha: what nextshe has faced growing marginalisation in the party for some years after having earlier being a member of the bjp national executive thrice.
her decision is also driven by the suspension of kirti azad, who had launched a bitter attack on finance minister arunjaitley over alleged corruption in ddca during the latters tenure as its head and continued with his tirade despite party chief amit shahs intervention.
watch video:keystrokes: navjot singh sidhus reverse sweepboth husband and wife are unsure about their future in bjp, a source said but ruled out any similar move by kirti azad as it will result in his losing lok sabha membership.
sidhu, the former cricketer-turned politician, who had represented amritsar in the lok sabha between 2004 and 2014 as bjp mp, resigned from rajya sabha yesterday.
sources close to him have already indicated that the 52-year-old is likely to join the aam aadmi party.
finance minister arun jaitley.
(file photo) finance minister arun jaitley.
governments in the past even when they reformed they were in stages, always felt that there was a political cost involved, he said, adding that as a result after some reforms they would take a pause.
obviously, people across the world had legitimate grudge as to how long india would take to take some of the steps.
i think that phase in now behind us, he told the audience comprising officials from the trump administration, diplomats, corporate leaders, think-tank community and indian-americans.
he said repeated elections indicate that people have become more aspirational and highly supportive of reforms.
jaitley said that in the last three years india has been able to grow in the range of seven to eight per cent, even as the world has experienced a slowdown.
that is the rate of growth that we have fairly maintained.
our all other economic parameters seems to be fairly well under control, he said.
we have seen in the last few years, 7-8 per cent growth is the indian normal now, he said.
we grew 7.
2 per cent, followed by 7.
9 per cent, followed by likely 7.
1 and the next year it is expected to go up, he said, adding that this figure could go up depending on two circumstances.
first being that does growth return to the rest of the world.
and second being the untested area, economists feel is the impact of the goods and services tax when implemented itself could result in significant growth jump, he noted.
under the modi government, he said, several changes have taken place.
india by far has become one of the more open economies of the world.
most of our sectors are open for international investment.
and we have been attracting one of the largest investment that any country has been attracting in the world, he asserted.
jaitley said it is combination of this investment which has coming into india, couples with higher public spending, even the private sector spending was a little low, that has kept the indian growth process going.
the environment for doing business has considerably eased.
the image of india that processes are complicated, files were initiated by corruption, i think we have been successful in changing them significantly, he said.
governments voluntarily have now taken steps to remove all hurdles that were available, decisions like allocations of resources and several others are determined by market mechanism, he said, adding that india has learned from its past experiences.
this itself has helped in cleaning up the entire process.
we have now undertaken a very ambitious reform of cleaning up the system of political funding in india, something which had been eluding indian democracy for quite sometime, he said.
jaitley said that over last several decades worlds largest democracy did not have a transparent mechanism of political funding.
this year in the budget the government has announced a detailed programme in that regard, he said.
that is work in progress at the moment itself, he said.
describing targeting of subsidies as one of the unsung reforms in india, he said its impact in india is huge.
every indian today has a unique identity number, his biometric details are recorded.
that has enabled the state to directly sent out benefits in the bank account itself via cash transfer.
this has resulted in both targeting of the support system to the poor.
and at the same time it has also resulted in substantial amount of savings.
these savings have been ploughed back for the anti-poverty programs, he said.
one of the most significant reforms in recent years, considered to be one of the biggest taxation reforms in india is the goods and services tax, he told the audience.
there were multiple taxes at the center and multiple taxes at the states.
india was not an economic entity.
there was tax on tax, resulting in a cascading effect, he said.
we have prescribed a single tax for the whole country and for each product there would be one single tax as far as the whole country is concerned, he said.
noting that gst is likely to be rolled out by july 1, he said once rolled out, it will have significant advantage.
it is an efficient tax system.
it is a system which will ensure free flow of goods and services across the country and to the countrys gdp, easen the system of doing business, it has a big it support, he said.
on demonetisation, he said it has been the extremely difficult reform in india so far, for which the government had to take extraordinary steps.
in a move which required a lot of determination on the part of the government, the prime minister on november 8 announced that high denomination currency ceased to be a legal tender and people per se were required to deposit in the banks, the anonymity around currency was lost and therefore large amount of disclosure have been made by people whose income profile do not tally with the amount that they have deposited, he said.
this obviously has resulted in large digitisation as far as economy is concerned.
so the number of banking transaction, the number of digitised transactions have increased significantly.
and hopefully that is going to be the future as far the indian economy is concerned, he added.
the economic survey also emphasised that success of digitalisation would depend considerably on inter-operability of the payments system, and advised banks to facilitate and not thwart inter-operability.
(file) the economic survey also emphasised that success of digitalisation would depend considerably on inter-operability of the payments system, and advised banks to facilitate and not thwart inter-operability.
(file)sounding a note of caution on governments digital push, the economic survey on tuesday said that digitalisation is not a panacea and cash is not all bad and stressed the need to forge a balance between both forms of payments.
the survey, tabled by finance minister arunjaitley in parliament, said transition to digitalisation should be gradual after taking full account of the digitally deprived.
watch what else is making newsin the medium term, the impetus provided to digitalisation must continuedigitalisation is not a panacea, nor is cash all bad.
public policy must balance benefits and costs of both forms of payments.
the transition to digitalisation must be gradual, take full account of the digitally deprived, respect rather than dictate choice and be inclusive rather than controlled, it said.
the survey also emphasised that success of digitalisation would depend considerably on inter-operability of the payments system, and advised banks to facilitate and not thwart inter-operability.
the success of digitalisation will depend considerably on the inter-operability of the payments system.
the unified payments interface (upi) created by national payments corporation of india (npci) is the technology platform that will be the basis for ensuring interoperability, it said.
the survey further said: but to ensure this, individual banks should facilitate not thwart inter-operability.
in a bid to curb corruption, the government has been pushing for greater adoption of digital payment mechanisms like debit/credit cards and mobile wallets in the country.
estimates suggest that cash accounts for about 78 per cent of all consumer payments.
by facilitating inter-operability (between payment systems), it will unleash the power of mobile phones in achieving digitalisation of payments and financial inclusion, and making the m an integral part of the governments flagship jan dhan, aadhaar, mobile (jam) initiative, it said.
based on data provided by npci, the survey noted that the decline rates of transactions for aadhaar-enabled payments as of mid-january 2016 were nearly 56 per cent in case of transactions involving different banks.
this is almost double that for transactions that involve the same issuing and remitting bank, it added.
it said a plausible reason for this differential could be that larger banks are declining transactions involving smaller remitting banks, while ensuring that transactions involving themselves are honoured.
there could be valid reasons for this.
but such problems will need to be addressed, since payments banks, telecommunications companies, and small banks are in the vanguard of financial inclusion.
so their access to the upi platform will be critical for advancing digitalisation, especially for the poor, it said.
the narendra modi government has done well to thrash out a deal with states on the contentious issue of sharing of administrative powers over the goods and services tax (gst).
states had been insisting on control over assessees with an annual turnover of up to rs 1.
50 crore.
the modi government was initially not willing to extend that leeway.
but with states unwilling to concede ground, it had become a sticking point that threatened to derail the plans to implement the ambitious indirect tax reform from april 1.
in a welcome step, the centre has now agreed to an arrangement where small taxpayers under the gst will be divided between the states and the centre in the proportion of 90:10 for the purpose of audit and scrutiny that would be done on a random basis.
administrative control over all taxpayers falling above the rs 1.
5 crore turnover threshold will be shared, again randomly, on a 50:50 basis.
finance minister arunjaitley , moreover, has clarified that no assessee would be subject to oversight of both the centre and states.
that should please industry and trade, which was dreading the prospect of dual control.
the other crucial demand of the states that the modi government has conceded relates to the power to tax economic activity in the high seas within 12 nautical miles of indias territorial waters.
the coastal states were demanding the right to do this under the integrated gst law.
by showing flexibility and not making either of the two issues a matter of prestige, the centre has hopefully paved the way for a rollout of the gst from july 1.
while that may be later than the original date of april 1, this kind of delay is well within accepted limits.
it is a fact that the gst cannot be a reality without getting states on board.
and the centre  more so in the context of collateral damage to the economy from demonetisation and lowering of growth forecasts by agencies, the imf being the latest  cannot afford to get it wrong on the gst.
the onus is on the modi government to be persistent and yet display a spirit of accommodation.
but there is still unfinished work ahead.
the gst council has to finalise the draft laws relating to the gst, which then have to be introduced in the upcoming budget session of parliament.
even more challenging is deciding on the nitty-gritty of tax rates and exemptions applicable on different commodities  which is again the job of the council that has both the union finance minister and his state-level counterparts  and, equally important, putting in place a robust gst network it backbone for the smooth functioning of the new tax regime.
getting all these pieces right within an acceptable time period will be the test for the modi government post-demonetisation.
telangana government on thursday sought rs 50 crore financial assistance from union finance ministry per year for five years for each of the backward districts in the state.
minister for it and industries k t rama rao put forth the demand during his meeting with finance minister arunjaitley in new delhi, according to an official statement here.
the state, which came into existence in june 2014, has 10 districts, but the statement did not say how many of them fall under the backward category.
rao also requested arunjaitley to release rs 24,500 crore for mission bhagiratha and mission kakatiya projects (related to irrigation and rural development) as they had been already cleared by niti aayog, it said.
the minister requested arunjaitley to help telangana on lines with andhra pradesh.
not doing so would otherwise send wrong signals to public (that the centre is helping only ap), it said.
he requested the centre to implement all promises made in the ap reorganisation act in letter and spirit, the statement added.
the rao-jaitley meeting came a day after the centre announced a financial package for andhra pradesh that includes full funding of pollavaram irrigation project, tax concessions and a special assistance, but stopped short of giving the state a special category status.
b'finance minister arunjaitley hinted that the government would take the help of regional parties for passing the gst bill.
(sourece: express photo by tashi tobgyal) finance minister arunjaitley hinted that the government would take the help of regional parties for passing the gst bill.
(sourece: express photo by tashi tobgyal)union finance minister arunjaitley lambasted the congress party stating that stalling of the goods and services tax (gst) in parliament is giving some people sadistic pleasure.
some of us had met senior leaders of the congress.
privately everybody says we must support (the bill).
its obvious that not allowing the gst bill to be passed is giving some people sadistic pleasure.
then democracy has its own strength and the last laugh is always the best one, he said.
jaitley hinted that the government would take the help of regional parties for passing the gst bill.
when mining bill came up who came to rescue of the bill to get it passed in the rajya sabha?
regional parties said as the revenue is going to come to our state and therefore we have a vested interest in passing the bill.
earlier they were not getting anything now they are getting something.
so all of them jumped in.
the obstructionists of the bill were isolated and the bill was passed, he said.
jaitley said now almost every regional party is making more noise than us.
it includes parties like jd (u), ncp, biju janata dal and rjd.
states which are lesser developing say since we are a consuming state we have a vested interest in getting gst bill passed.
once its passed its going to be passed with the strength of each regional group, the finance minister said.
on the priorities before the government, he said the most important steps included rationalization of direct and indirect taxation and rectifying the health of the banking system.
jaitley said the country will grow at 7-7.
5 per cent and adding an extra 1-1.
5 per cent growth to get that cutting edge would depend on several factors like monsoon and global growth.
i think the world is not going to be helpful in most areas.
there is going to be crisis thrown up by economies somewhere in the world.
its an extremely challenging year.
our exports are down.
that partly offset the advantage we have because of the lower oil and commodity prices, he said.
the finance minister added that said states are competing for new investments.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photo.
the indian express, along with several other media organisations released the #panamapapers on sunday evening.
finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photo.
the indian express, along with several other media organisations released the #panamapapers on sunday evening.
the minister said global initiatives to deal with the menace of unaccounted wealth abroad will be in place by 2017, and then it would become extremely difficult for individuals to hide assets.
read part i of the list, here.
watch| explained: what do the panama papers revealread all the stories related to the #panamapapers here.
his statement comes on a day when the indian express, based on leaked documents of panama law firm mossack fonseca, reported that over 500 indians including some well known names figure in the list of persons having association with firms in tax havens.
jaitley said those who did not take advantage of the black money compliance window last year to declare undisclosed overseas assets will realise their mistake.
i had come in for adverse comment including some of my friends here when in 2015 budget we had announced a strong penal law against illegal assets abroad.
at that stage i had said that those who committed mistakes in the past are getting last opportunity with a compliance window in place.
watch| panama papers: a peek into india express 8 month long investigationthe compliance window operated (and), many availed but probably some didnt.
today when i see contrarian reports appearing (in media), which are not only impacting india which are impacting the rest of the world.
i think it is a stern reminder to all of us, he said.
both the bjp-ruled states, maharashtra and madhya pradesh, have criticised the congress and other opposition parties for politicising the current farmer unrest.
(source: pti photo/file) both the bjp-ruled states, maharashtra and madhya pradesh, have criticised the congress and other opposition parties for politicising the current farmer unrest.
(source: pti photo/file)reflecting on the current farmer agitation in maharashtra and madhya pradesh, magsaysay award winner palagummi sainath said the government does not have the intention to work on the agrarian crisis.
in an interview to india today, the rural affairs journalist said: the government knows the things it can do.
but it has no intention of doing them.
it lied to the people when it said it would give them what they wanted when it came to power.
while farmers in maharashtra have been protesting over multiple issues including crop loan waiver and plummeting crop prices, in madhya pradesh, six people were killed allegedly in police firing after a protest in piplia mandi went violent on june 6.
in mps mandsaur, farmers have been protesting since june 1 to demand minimum support price for their farm produce among other things.
every long-term agitation has different phases.
i think this phase may come to an end in a few days.
unless the government is sincere about addressing the problems instead of abusing the adversaries, the discontent wont go away, sainath told india today.
the veteran journalist also added how the government has not had a one-minute discussion on swaminathan commission reports in parliament.
also read | farmers protests: what is swaminathan commission report and how is its implementation relevant?
click here.
after uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath announced to fulfil the poll promise of crop loan waivers, farmers all across the country began demanding the same.
many also critiqued that the move could bankrupt the exchequer.
mr adani gets a loan from sbi which is greater than the entire farmer debt of this country.
the giant share of npas in banks are from corporate houses that have simply refused to give back the money they have taken.
the exchequer was bankrupted long ago by a smaller number of people, sainath said.
both the bjp-ruled states, maharashtra and madhya pradesh, have criticised the congress and other opposition parties for politicising the current farmer unrest.
cm devendra fadnavis-led government in maharashtra has also alleged that political workers were leading the farmer agitation in the state.
if someone else is trying to agitate in the name of farmers, the government will not talk to these people, he was quoted as saying by pti.
most of the people staging protests are not real farmers.
they are political workers, fadnavis reportedly said.
also read | why farmers in madhya pradesh and maharashtra are protesting.
click here.
calling out fadnavis on his statement, sainath said, this is a complete canard put out by him.
how many people are there in his cabinet with rural roots?
how can they decide who is a genuine farmer and who is not?
fadnavis says he will talk to genuine farmers.
the farmers are going to the streets and talking to him but he is not listening.
he also said that the maharashtra government needed to do away with the practice of preventive detention for farm activists.
just this morning in tasgaon, farm activists are being illegally detained.
maharashtra never had the phenomenon of preventive detention.
talking on mandsaur police firing, sainath said that the bjp-nda government works on the basis of finding a conspiracy.
the entire nature of the bjp-nda is that they always find a conspiracy.
people are shot dead in mp and they say our police didnt do it.
the cm now says that one of the firings may be by the police.
everything proceeds on the basis of finding a conspiracy, he said.
finance minister arunjaitley had promised to double farm income within five years.
it seems to me what we will have is doubling of firing and killings of farmer and farmer suicides, sainath told india today.
i think madhya pradesh is a sign of things to come.
defending demonetisation, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday hit out at opposition saying they didnt do anything to curb black money when in power.
he added that on opposition parties have problem with note ban.
whole country was patient, only one who had problems was the indian opposition not the people, said jaitley.
pm narendra modi and uttar pradesh cm akhilesh yadav.
pm narendra modi and uttar pradesh cm akhilesh yadav.
uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav on friday sent a letter to prime minister narendra modi requesting that the budget be presented after the assembly elections.
he said that if budget is presented before the voting commences, uttar pradesh will be deprived of schemes that could help indias most populous state, ndtv reported.
on monday, the supreme court had rejected a petition seeking postponement of union budget date due to upcoming elections in five states.
watch video |up cm akhilesh yadav writes to pm modi to shift budget after assembly pollselection commission had earlier ordered that the budget cannot include any announcements that could influence voters in the five states that begin voting just days after february 1.
uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadavs letter to pm narendra modi.
(source: ndtv) uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadavs letter to pm narendra modi.
voting in punjab and goa begins on february 4.
while it will be held in seven stages across uttar pradesh from february 11, the same date it would be wrapped up in uttarakhand and manipur.
results of all states will be announced on march 11.
according to ndtv, ml sharma, an advocate, had through a pil asked the top court to move the budget to after the election, alleging that the centre could try to influence the outcome with giveaways and populist schemes.
strict rules to prevent the centre or state governments to offer such schemes are on the other hand ensured by the election commission.
bjp president amit shah bjp president amit shahbjp president amit shah said on wednesday that congress-mukt bharat is a misunderstood phrase.
at a media interaction to mark two years of the nda government, shah, referring to the phrase he has often used, said, it is an expression against the avyavastha (disorder) under the congress rule of decades where, for selfish interests of the party, congressmen ignored national interests.
we want india to get rid (mukt) of the system nurtured under congress rule.
union ministers arunjaitley , manohar parrikar, m venkaiah naidu and suresh prabhu were also present at the event.
bjp national general secretary ram lal shared the stage with them.
read | assam in kitty, amit shah sets eyes on congress-mukt 2019shah emphasised that in uttar pradesh, the incumbent samajwadi party is the bjps closest rival  a statement that could well be to deflect from the political buzz around the bsp, a year ahead of assembly polls in the crucial state.
he sought to downplay any urgency for a cabinet reshuffle, saying that the charge of the sports ministry had already been given to jitendra singh.
he also reiterated his old complaint against the delhi media, saying, our governments good work has reached the people of the country, but it is yet to reach lutyens delhi.
asked if the centre was going on an overdrive to celebrate the ndas two years, with 200 rallies and programmes across india, he said, not at all.
it is our tradition to present the report card directly to the people.
yeh desh bahut bada hai.
two hundred rallies sound big in numbers, but this country is too big to cover.
to another question on whether subramanian swamys statements reflect the official position of the party, he said, whatever i say is official party view.
he said the bjp will not merely win gujarat but will return with two-thirds majority in the state, which goes to polls next year.
that spirits are high in the party seemed clear when he said, mera body language bhi maeney rakhta hai (my body language also matters).
shah conceded that the tie-up between the congress and the left in west bengal had hurt the bjp: gathbandhan na hota toh bjp ke liye kaafi achcha hota (the bjp would have benefited had there been no alliance).
on the next table, arunjaitley talked about bringing the gst bill in the next session and refused to be drawn into any discussion on the rbi governor.
questioning the congresss rationale behind a cap on gst, he said, how can you have the same tax on hawaii chappals and a louis vuitton purse?
at the start of the event, mos nirmala sitharaman presented some 50 slides on the governments achievements and future plans summarising its schemes and initiatives: from financial inclusion to skill development, lpg subsidy to crop insurance.
according to the slides, the government expects gdp growth at 7.
6  in 2015-2016.
sitharaman also made it a point to mention how e-auctions of spectrum, coal blocks, minerals and radio channels were carried out but there was not a word of corruption.
the government said that for sake of good governance, some 10,000 cases were being withdrawn from tribunals and 5,700 from high courts.
it said that 21.
81 crore accounts had been opened under the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana, with rs 37,616 crore deposited so far.
rs 61,822 crore had been transferred to some 31 crore beneficiaries under the direct benefit transfer scheme.
at one point, the mos said that to access a government scheme, all one needs to do is tweet or call  she cited the example of railway minister suresh prabhu who, she said, responds to requests from individual passengers.
while parrikar praised insurance schemes, he took exception to a slide titled empowering the poor.
we should not say empowering the poor.
instead, we should say we will have a poverty alleviation programme.
i will request them later, he said.
congress chief spokesperson and former clp leader sunil jakhar thursday alleged that punjab chief minister parkash singh badal was putting the interests of punjab at stake over the most critical issue of sutlej yamuna link (syl) canal to get cash credit limited (ccl) cleared for upcoming paddy crop procurement season.
this is because he (badal) cannot afford to face the ire of a major votebank  farmers  ahead of 2017 elections, alleged jakhar.
he questioned that after facing allegations a large-scale food grain scam, although the government had claimed in april this year that they got a clean chit from the centre on ccl issue, why cm was summoned to delhi on thursday and why a committee pertaining to ccl issue was formed by the centre to look into the matter.
he was talking to the media in jalandhar.
nda government is anti-punjab and if tomorrow the supreme court decides against punjab on syl issue, who will be responsible for the possible disturbance and law & order problem in the punjab, if farmers would come on road on the pattern of jat agitation in haryana, he questioned.
watch video: whats making newswhy cm was asking the people of punjab for get ready for sacrifices on punjabs water issue and why he could not get it settled by taking up with modi, said he.
badals are just asking a time limit till elections from the centre to hide their misdeeds with the state and the centre has been implementing its own agenda on syl issue under this weakness of the state government, said he.
both sad and bjp have been working in the interests of each other at the cost of the people of the state, said he.
jakhar said the chief minister had several opportunities to take up the issue of syl with pm when he was in chandigarh on 21 for yoga day and with finance minister arunjaitley during his amritsar and bathinda visits but badal remained silent on the issue.
have seen vilkhta punjab, not udta punjabasked whether he has watched the movie udta punjab, jakhar said, i have not seen the movie udta punjab, but am witnessing vilkhta and rengata punjab (crying and crawling punjab) daily.
where is flying punjab as the wings of its youth have already been clipped by drug menace, he alleged.
chief election commissioner dr nasim zaidi addressesing the media.
(express photo by jasbir malhi) chief election commissioner dr nasim zaidi addressesing the media.
(express photo by jasbir malhi)after lowering of the cap on anonymous donations to political parties to rs 2,000 from rs 20,000 per person, the election commission is looking at cashless funding as the ultimate goal to stem the use of black money in elections.
in an interview to pti, chief election commissioner nasim zaidi also warned that if parties try to sidestep proposed changes in election and income tax laws by taking advantage of any loophole, they will be dealt with accordingly.
we may consult them on how to evolve a system.
cashless donations would be the ultimate.
but whether we will be able to reach there, is the question.
ultimately the whole society is saying funding to political parties should be cashless.
that is the ultimate desirable, zaidi said.
the commission has not started correspondence with political parties on the issue so far as many other factors will have to be kept in mind, the head of the countrys poll watchdog said.
zaidis pitch came as experts suggested that efforts should be made to make donations to political parties totally cashless to usher in more transparency.
watch what else is making newsadmitting that many political parties depend on cash donations of small amounts, zaidi said, we have to look at the availability of infrastructure for digital transactions.
will it be available in villages.
i am not ruling it out.
this should be the ultimate goal.
he also maintained that the decision to reduce the cap on anonymous donations to political parties from rs 20,000 to rs 2,000 per person will help increase transparency.
asked about the possibility of parties finding loopholes to circumvent the rs 2,000 cap, zaidi said, i am not saying such a situation cannot arise.
i am saying at least to some extent transparency will increase and anonymity will come down.
to a question on parties using small denomination coupons or receipts to generate funds, he said the view of some parties is that if small donations do not come, they will suffer and these donations also help them in organising rallies.
he said if the commission sees any misuse, it will deal with the complaint, accordingly.
the cap of rs 2,000 per person on cash donations to political parties is a welcome move but the provisions can be made more stringent as parties can still find ways to bypass laws aimed at cleansing electoral system of black money, three former chief election commissioners had recently told pti.
zaidi said the commission will continue to pursue major electoral reforms such as use of totalisers, having multiple cut-off dates for 18-year-olds to register as voters, power to countermand polls on charges of use of money power, transparency of political funding, making bribery of voters a cognisable offence and paid news.
these are eight to ten reforms which need to be segregated, given focus and taken to logical end.
the commission keeps pursuing it, he said.
as part of a major move proposed in the budget to cleanse the electoral system of black money, henceforth, political parties can receive only up to rs 2000 in cash donations.
as of now, the limit to accept political donations in cash is rs 20,000.
mps in rajya sabha objected to scs observation to life time pension for retired mps.
(file) mps in rajya sabha objected to scs observation to life time pension for retired mps.
(file)the government asserted thursday only parliament has the right to decide how public money is to be spent and asked other institutions of democracy, including courts, to respect this supremacy.
this is an authority of parliament.
no other institution can really exercise that power who is entitled to pensions, what the quantum of pensions is, and so on, is an area which exclusively falls within the domain of parliament i think, as part of inter-institutional discipline, this is a constitutional position which all institutions will eventually have to respect.
the supreme court, hearing an ngos petition wednesday, had sought a response from the centre on facilities and allowances being offered to retired mps.
i was astonished to read today in the newspapers an observation made that 80 per cent of all ex-mps are crorepatis i would request the leader of the house to take note of the sentiments of the house because we all would be ex-members some day or the other and, i am sure, 80 per cent of us are not crorepatis, jairam ramesh of congress said.
raising the issue, naresh agarwal (sp) said many ex-mps were facing financial difficulties.
in hardoi, one ex-mps sons and grandsons are working as labourers his name is manilal, agarwal said.
presidential election: opposition leaders (from left) ghulam nabi azad, lalu prasad, sitaram yechury, mallikarjun kharge and ram gopal yadav meet in new delhi on wednesday.
express photo by tashi tobgyal presidential election: opposition leaders (from left) ghulam nabi azad, lalu prasad, sitaram yechury, mallikarjun kharge and ram gopal yadav meet in new delhi on wednesday.
express photo by tashi tobgyalwith the election commission notifying the presidential election, and hours before the opposition met to discuss its candidates, the ruling bjp wednesday reached out to the congress, cpm and other parties to begin a consultation exercise on the issue.
sources said that union i&b minister m venkaiah naidu sent word to congress president sonia gandhi and contacted cpm general secretary sitaram yechury to initiate consultations.
naidu also spoke to ncps praful patel and bsps satish chandra mishra to finalise meetings with ncp chief sharad pawar and bsp leader mayawati.
bjp sources indicated that the nda candidate will file the nomination papers on june 23 and prime minister narendra modi is expected to be present  he will leave for the us on june 24.
the opposition is expected to announce its joint candidate after june 20, with the filing of nominations slated to take place around june 24-25.
the nomination process will end on june 28.
also read: when is presidential election?
here is all you need to knowaccording to sources, the bjps outreach will be helmed by naidu and union home minister rajnath singh  both met wednesday to chalk out a schedule for meeting opposition leaders following a gathering of the bjps core group.
naidu and singh are expected to meet congress president gandhi and yechury friday.
singh is expected to speak to west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
sources said the bjp wanted singh to make use of his warm ties with banerjee, who is unhappy with the party over its political moves in west bengal.
naidu also spoke to pmk leader anbumani ramadoss and all india nr congress leader n rangaswamy.
party sources said finance minister arunjaitley , who is currently in south korea, will hold talks with the socialist parties.
at the opposition meeting, sources said, rjd chief lalu prasad and yechury argued that they should field a candidate at any cost as it was an ideological and political fight against the bjp.
sources said some leaders wanted to wait for consultations with the government, but yechury pointed out that this was not the understanding at the previous opposition meeting on the issue.
prasad told the meeting that there cannot be any ideological compromise with the bjp, said sources.
the sense in the opposition camp is that the government is reaching out for the sake of consultation and as a mere formality.
but bjp leaders, sources said, have assessed that if there is a contest, some of the parties with the opposition currently could extend their support to the ndas candidate.
sources said opposition leaders have also sensed possible attempts by the bjp to divide them.
lets see what their plan isit could also be a delaying tactic.
anyway, we are prepared, said a senior opposition leader.
leader of opposition in rajya sabha, ghulam nabi azad, at whose parliament chamber the 10-member opposition sub-committee met wednesday, said that since the ruling party has reached out, it is impossible to select the final candidate now.
the nitty-gritty or the names were not discussed today.
the sub-committee will meet again in the next few days.
by then, the ruling party would have spoken to opposition parties, azad said.
asked about bjp ministers meeting opposition leaders separately, azad said that all opposition parties are totally united.
naturally, the government is going to talk to opposition leaders separately.
they are not going to talk to them collectively we are going to have a meeting again, he said.
ncps patel said, venkaiah naidu spoke to me and said that they would like to meet sharad pawar in the next few days to discuss the way forward in the presidential election.
no name has been proposed.
we will await for their communication, patel said.
apart from azad, prasad, yechury and patel, the opposition panel includes congresss mallikarjun kharge, jd(u)s sharad yadav, tmcs derek o brien, sps ram gopal yadav, bsps satish chandra mishra and dmks alandur r s bharthi.
the opposition has already reached out to mahatma gandhis grandson gopal krishna gandhi, with sources confirming that he has agreed to be its joint candidate.
former lok sabha speaker meira kumar is also being considered while jd(u)s yadav is said to be interested, too.
b'there will be an infrastructure cess of 1  levied on petrol, cng and lpg cars which run on sub-1,200cc engines and do not exceed 4 metres in length.
there will be an infrastructure cess of 1  levied on petrol, cng and lpg cars which run on sub-1,200cc engines and do not exceed 4 metres in length.
the dust hadnt even settled after a magnified focus on the indian automotive industry, thanks to the supreme court ruling that banned sale of diesel vehicles with engine capacity of 2-litres and above and arvind kejriwals odd-even rule, that the buzz around cars is back!
the union budget by finance minister arunjaitley has attracted harsh reactions from the automotive industry  passenger vehicles manufacturers in particular.
there will be an infrastructure cess of 1  levied on petrol, cng and lpg cars which run on sub-1,200cc engines and do not exceed 4 metres in length.
cars that cost 10 lakh and above will be subject to tax collection at the rate of 1  at source (tcs).
the tcs isnt expected to have a direct impact on the price of cars, but surely have a tangential impact on demand.
watch: cars to become expensive, how budget will impact auto sector (click here)gaurav talvar from felix advisory explains tcs saying, under the current indian income tax act, how tax collected at source works is that, the seller, at the time of selling the prescribed goods, shall collect from the buyer, additional amount towards the buyers advance income tax, as tax collected at source.
the amount so collected, is referred as tax collected at source, which the seller is required to deposit with the tax authorities.
the buyer on the other hand, will be eligible to take credit of tax so collected at source, against her/ his income tax liability for the said year.
thus, in effect, the tax collected at source, is not a levy on the sale price, but an advance collection of income tax.
thus, in effect, it would not have an impact on the price, but can have an impact on the overall demand.
the measure is primarily aimed at increasing transparency and controlling black money.
in my view, the biggest negative for the passenger vehicle segment announced in this budget is the 2.
5  infrastructure cess on sub-compact (less than 4-metres in length) diesel cars that have engine capacity not exceeding 1,500cc.
the 4  cess on big cars and suvs  the definition of which is still quite unclear  may sound quite severe but the market share by volume of such cars is relatively minute in comparison to the mass segment of cars thatll be affected by the 2.
5  cess burden on small diesels.
ironically, diesel, which has been at the nucleus of negative impacts lately, was the buzzword not too far back in time when there was a great government impetus on dieselisation of india, and sale of diesel passenger vehicles went sky rocketing.
the auto industry is under pressure to fast-track its technology climb to achieve compatibility with bs6 emissions level which will come in effect towards the turn of the decade, and manufacturers are spending big on r&d.
the additional tax burden on passenger vehicles across the spectrum is a pinch that the industry couldve done without.
electric, hybrid, and hydrogen fuel-celled vehicles have been kept exempted additional taxes, but there also wasnt any announcement to push the case for green vehicles.
the immediate impact on the automotive industry from a passenger vehicle standpoint is in the red, and all expectations are now on rbi to balance the negative impact by reducing taxes.
while the additional taxes on passenger cars (especially the popular mass segment) may be a contrasting hue to the business friendly image of the bjp-led nda government, the fm did announce great benefits and investments in the rural sector for overall development.
the auto industry may experience a negative short-to-mid term impact, but the rural development will ultimately yield stability over long-term as the market dynamic evolves and the purchase capacity of people in those sectors go up.
interestingly, the finance minister didnt apply any tax burdens to two-wheelers which, coupled to the expected rural development, should bring a healthy spike in two-wheeler demand.
allocation of rs 19,000 crore towards pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana (pmgsy)  which is a substantial increase from rs 9,805 crore allocated in 2013-14  outlines the governments intent of rural and overall infrastructure development.
rs 27,000 crore will be the total expenditure on road and highway development  a cumulative figure of pmgsy allocation, together with the states contribution towards the project.
the government is also going to step up road construction, which is currently going at a rate of 100km/day, to finish about 2.
23 lakh kilometre of roads by 2019.
on a parallel note, there will be a dedicated allocation to the tune of rs 55,000 crore under the budget for roads and highways, while national highways association of india (nhai) will raise additional rs 15,000 crore through bonds.
the collective contribution from pmgsy and funds allocated to roads and highways, spikes up the investment figure to rs 97,000 crore in 2016-17 in the road-infra sector.
there was an unexpected announcement that surely would bring cheer to the commercial sector players.
the government announced private sector participation in public transport sector  a move that will enable private players to operate buses for masses that will consequently enhance the public transport efficiency.
that said, there were great expectations from the industry-friendly government to announce fiscal measures to support and accelerate the auto sector like reduction in excise duties, introduction of a scrappage policy, and introduction of goods and services tax (gst).
credit to the government to concentrate on infrastructural development of the nation, but the beneficial effects of the weighty outlay for roads will be seen only over a long-term duration and the auto industry shouldve been allowed some of the expected measures mentioned above for immediate gains and growth.
the centre has been keeping a close watch on satellite television channels for a few years now.
the newly-elected nda government has also begun tracking the social media to find out whats trending.
now, the government plans to monitor content being aired by fm radio channels and community radio stations as well.
by september this year, the electronic media monitoring centre (emmc), under the information & broadcasting ministry, will begin monitoring as many as 100 fm radio channels and 30 community radio stations on a real-time 247 basis.
the plan is to ensure that these radio channels adhere to the various programme and advertising codes laid down by the government.
it will be the first time that fm radio channels and community radio stations will be monitored for their content.
while monitoring fm radio channels will be comparatively easier, the real task lies in putting in place a mechanism to monitor community radios, given the fact that their reach is limited to a 10-15 kilometre radius, a source told the indian express.
to tackle this, we are setting up a system where content aired on selected community radios will be logged and transmitted to the electronic media monitoring centre through broadband in real time.
this will allow us to listen to content on these community radios at the very moment that it is aired, the source added.
to begin with, 30 of the oldest community radio stations are likely to be connected to the emmc.
while there have been no complaints about any serious violations by any of the 172 community radio stations operating across the country, there is a view within the government that these stations needed to be monitored closely  more so because their broadcasts are limited to and exclusively available in small, localised pockets.
permissions to set up as many as 400 new community radio stations have already been issued by the government.
while the emmc, located in soochna bhawan, has mainly been monitoring content of around 300 television channels so far, the government plans to add another 300 channels to this list.
once that happens, as many as 600 of the total 795 television channels that are operational will be under round-the-clock government monitoring.
a team of around 100-odd personnel is currently engaged in monitoring the tv channels in eight-hour shifts at emmc.
around 10-15 personnel are likely to be deployed to monitor radio content, sources said.
against a budgeted rs 4.
94 crore in 2013-14, the electronic media monitoring centre spent rs 7.
17 crore that year.
in the current fiscal, it has been given an enhanced allocation of rs 13.
75 crore, signalling the expansion in its work.
uma bharti.
uma bharti.
the government ruled out uma bhartis resignation wednesday, amid calls for this by opposition parties following the supreme court order on the babri masjid demolition trial.
briefing reporters after a cabinet meeting, finance minister arunjaitley said no new situation has arisen in the case that has been going on since 1993.
former party presidents l k advani and murli manohar joshi, meanwhile, met after the court order allowed the cbi to restore its case against them.
joshi called on advani and the two leaders met for 40 minutes.
asked whether the court order will have any impact on the presidential polls, arunjaitley dismissed the question as hypothetical.
there has been speculation about advani or joshi being possible presidential candidates.
somehow it is going on and no new situation has arisen so the situation which was prevailing earlier will continue in this.
he mocked the congress over its attack: there have been ministers, there have been deputy pms if chargesheet is the rule (for resigning), then just calculate, how many congress cms, though very few of them now remain, will have to go?
law minister ravi shankar prasad said the party will study the decision before making any comments.
he said the bjp highly respected its leaders like advani and joshi.
b'all stakeholders, including artistes, composers and broadcasters, should get their dues.
(source: file/ap photo) all stakeholders, including artistes, composers and broadcasters, should get their dues.
(source: file/ap photo)a historic milestone was achieved in the indian copyrights regime in 2012 during the tenure of manmohan singh, when parliament extensively amended the copyright act, 1957, by making provisions that a portion of the earnings realised by music companies and film producers from the sale of film songs and other related materials will go to a corpus fund, which will be distributed among song writers, singers and music composers.
the objective was to introduce a level playing field for different stakeholders in the music, film and other creative industries, eliminating unequal treatment to lyricists and music composers of copyrighted works.
but when i recently met lata mangeshkar in mumbai, i was appalled to know that she is yet to get any payment under the amended act; it is yet to be implemented.
finance minister arunjaitley was present and assured lataji that the government will implement this very soon.
looking in-depth yields surprises.
several music companies have purchased copyrights of songs.
there are more than 500 television channels in india, besides fm radio channels; every time these television or radio channels play a song, they pay these music companies who have purchased copyrights of the songs.
in this way, the music companies earn hundreds of crores, from which they share a small portion with the film producers, making a huge profit from the rest.
when javed akhtar became a rajya sabha member, he took this issue to parliament and appealed to the then-upa government to suitably amend the copyright act so that lyricists, singers and composers can get their share and all the earnings dont go to music companies.
javed akhtar in fact took a vow that he wouldnt speak in parliament unless this legislation was passed; it was, despite stiff resistance from the music companies.
as parliamentary affairs minister, i also made an effort for the passage of the legislation and ultimately, it became a reality.
the new act brought the indian copyright regime in sync with technological advances and prevailing international standards.
but the amendments did not go down well with music companies and producers.
there is the strong hand of the indian performing right society (iprs) behind non-implementation of the legislation.
it seems there are many music companies behind this organisation; decades ago, they got an order from a court in barasat and are now creating hurdles in implementation under the garb of this court order.
when action was initiated against these companies by the enforcement directorate and economic offences wing, they blinked and tried to meet javed akhtar for a compromise.
no compromise has been reached but the hope is that some formula will be devised within a month or so.
now, the question is, will the music companies give lyricists, singers and composers their share of the money they have earned during the last three years, after the new copyright act was enacted?
even now, songs sung by lata mangeshkar, mohd rafi, asha bhosle, kishore kumar, etc.
, are on our lips.
they still mesmerise millions around the world.
given that, i feel even sadder to think that we failed to ensure the dues to which these artistes are genuinely entitled.
next year, the 88-year-old lataji will complete 75 years of her singing career.
she started in 1942; the first song aayega aane wala that became a huge hit was recorded in 1948.
she was promised rs 400 for this song  which she is yet to get.
back then, neither singers, nor composers were given credit rolls or awards.
lataji says giving credit rolls to singers and composers started with barsat ki raat by raj kapoor.
with time, these artistes became popular across households, often through all india radio, vividh bharati and radio ceylon.
but despite that, today, senior singers and musicians live in a pitiable condition.
shamshad begum even died, lacking vital treatment.
the eminent poet sahir ludhianvi lived a miserable life.
after his death, his flat was sold by his housing society; his manuscripts and awards were also sold by the society to scrap dealers.
lataji lives in a simple pedder road flat, her furniture witness to her frugal living.
the situation has changed now.
today, singers like mika singh earn more than what mohd rafi or mukesh got.
javed akhtars battle culminated in the new copyright act.
if this act is not implemented because of hurdles created by music companies, it is erroneous.
all stakeholders, including artistes, composers and broadcasters, should get their dues.
artistes should get their share from television, radio and internet broadcast too.
the present government should immediately implement the act, for which it will be blessed by senior artists who have been, and are still, contributing to indias cultural heritage.
rahul addresses the congress jan aakrosh rally at ramlila maidan in delhi on sunday.
(express photo: prem nath pandey) rahul addresses the congress jan aakrosh rally at ramlila maidan in delhi on sunday.
(express photo: prem nath pandey)from announcing a kailash mansarovar pilgrimage to listing the nda governments unfulfilled promises and accusing prime minister narendra modi of making promises(with) no truth and staying silent on critical issues such as the kathua rape and the crisis in the judiciary, congress president rahul gandhi sunday revealed the broad contours of the main opposition partys line of attack against the bjp for the 2019 general elections.
addressing his partys jan aakrosh rally at the ramlila ground in a 32-minute speech, gandhi launched an all-out attack on modi, taking his name 38 times while referring to him as prime minister and chowkidar 13 times  the second reference being to modi frequently describing himself as a watchman guarding the people.
read | modi govts style of functioning poses threat to democracy, says manmohan singhwherever he goes, he makes promises.
he will talk about corruption, employment and farmers but there will be no truth the people of india bow their heads only before the truth and nowhere else.
that is the reality the country says the prime minister spoke to us for half an hour, chalo baitkar bhashan mein se sachayi nikalte hain (lets look for truth in his speech), claimed gandhi.
referring to minorities in the context of atrocities against various sections, he said, atrocities are being committed against dalits, minorities, tribals in every state.
rohith vemula (the hyderabad student who committed suicide) was studying, but he was suppressed and killed.
dalits were flogged in una.
in every state, dalits and minorities are being killed.
and the prime minister does not utter a word.
read | amit shah on congresss jan aakrosh rally: depicts parivar aakroshagainst this backdrop, gandhi also spoke about senior party leader salman khurshid who told students at aligarh muslim university last week that there was muslim blood on the hands of the congress in reference to communal riots during the partys rule.
congress president rahul gandhi while addressing the jan aakrosh rally in delhi.
(source: inc) congress president rahul gandhi while addressing the jan aakrosh rally in delhi.
(source: inc)gandhi claimed that there are different opinions in the congress unlike the bjp where there is only one ideology and thinking.
sometimes, there are different opinions in our party.
i will give you an example.
salman khurshid is sitting here.
some days ago he gave a different opinion.
i am ready to accept that there will be different opinions in our party.
i will encourage different opinions.
i will protect salman khurshid but when the party is fighting against the rss, we have to fight unitedly in the bjp, there is no respect for (l k) advani, arunjaitley or the chief ministers only modi and (bjp president) amit shah will be respected that is the difference between us and them, he said.
read | congress will win every election from now, emerge victorious in 2019, says rahul gandhibut the two missing words conspicuous by their absence in the speech were the ones that once figured prominently in the congress lexicon: dharmnirpekshta (secularism) and sampradayakta (communalism).
in fact, in a significant reference to his own beliefs, gandhi made an unusual request to party workers.
two-three days ago, we were going to karnataka.
we were in the flight.
and the plane suddenly went down by 8000 ft.
i thought the plane would crash.
then it came to my mind that i should go to kailash mansarovar.
so i need 10-15 days leave from you after the karnataka elections (on may 12) so that i can go to kailash mansarovar, he said.
congress president rahul gandhi with congress president rahul gandhi with sonia gandhi and other party leaders in new delhi on sunday.
(express photo: prem nath pandey)there were a couple of references to the bjp and the rss spreading hatred but no frontal attack on either, unlike his mother and previous congress chief sonia gandhi who, speaking earlier at the rally, directly accused the bjp of dividing society with an eye on elections and resolved to fight those trying to destroy the ganga-jamuni tehzeeb.
read | modi govt betrayed people by not fulfilling promises: sonia gandhitaking on modi over corruption, gandhi referred to the bjps chief ministerial candidate in karnataka and said, with (b s) yeddyurappa, their chief minister who had gone to jail on one side and four ministers who had also been to jail on the other, modi says i am fighting against corruption.
referring to allegations against railway minister piyush goyal, bjp chief shahs son, the rafale fighter jet deal and the banking scam involving billionaire nirav modi, gandhi said the prime minister did not utter a word on any of these issues.
you were forced to stand in queues.
you were told that there is a fight against black money and some months before, it came to light that the money of the people went straight from the banks to nirav modis pocket.
and nirav modi fled to london.
you tell me, did the countrys chowkidar who fights against corruption, did he say a line, a word about nirav modi?
he said.
read | will allow dissenting opinions in congress: rahul gandhi on salman khurshids remarksgandhi also sought to take on modi on the issue of nationalism in the context of the pms weekend visit to china.
the prime minister and the chinese president enjoyed tea and held a no agenda discussion.
the chinese army is in doklam.
they are building helipads, extending their airporttheir army is there and the indian prime minister is holding discussions without any agenda.
our pm did not utter a word about doklam in china, he said.
referring to the unprecedented press conference held by the four most senior judges of the supreme court to raise questions about the functioning of the chief justice of india, gandhi said, for the first time in india in 70 years, the judges of the supreme court come before the people with folded hands and say they are seeking justice from the people of india.
and modiji is silent, he said.
on the outrage over the rape cases unnao and kathua, gandhi said, narendra modi used to say beti bachao, beti padhao.
for the first time in the history of india in 70 years, the prime minister was told on his face abroad that you are not able to protect indias women in uttar pradesh, your mla attacked a woman.
in j&k, a small girl was killed.
and indias prime minister does not utter a word.
accusing the government of destroying institutions, he said, whether it is courts, election commission iits, iims, educational institutionsthe people of the rss are raiding them, one after the other and narendra modi is silent.
b'naidu took the decision to move out of nda in an emergency teleconference with party politburo members.
naidu took the decision to move out of nda in an emergency teleconference with party politburo members.
hours after walking out of the national democratic alliance (nda) led by the bjp, telugu desam party (tdp) chief n chandrababu naidu castigated the centre for not keeping the promises made at the time of the bifurcation of the state.
for weeks, the modi government and the tdp bickered over the refusal of special status to andhra pradesh, with two party ministers stepping down from the union cabinet earlier and tdp quitting from the central coalition today.
naidu, addressing the state assembly, said: bifurcation promises are not yet fulfilled.
had special status been included in the act (andhra pradesh reorganisation act, 2014) in the then lok sabha, this situation would have not arisen.
the andhra pradesh chief minister also termed as reckless the statements made by finance minister arunjaitley that sentiment cannot increase quantum of funds is reckless.
telangana was carved for sentiment.
sentiment is very powerful.
even now you are doing injustice, naidu said.
naidu said he also wrote to prime minister narendra modi regarding the grant of special status to andhra but to no avail.
tdp has survived many crises and we can sail through this situation.
i wrote many letters to the centre.
recently also, i gave a letter to pm but nothing materialised, naidu added.
in assembly.
naidu took the decision to move out of nda in an emergency teleconference with party politburo members and mps this morning.
following their ouster from the nda, tdp leader thota narasimham moved a no-confidence motion against the modi government in the lok sabha.
the no-confidence motion is against injustice meted out to the state, an official communique from the party said.
read | tdp pulls out of nda, moves no-confidence motion against modi govtmeanwhile, the bjp, hitting out at the tdp over their decision, said it was inevitable after the partys mischievous propaganda against the centre.
the split happened despite the governments assurance to provide the monetary equivalent of a special category state to ap, clearing it would not be able to grant it special status as this is restricted, by the 14th finance commission, to the three hill states and those in the northeast.
as an additional measure, the centre has agreed to fund all externally aided projects in andhra pradesh in the 90:10 ratio.
naidu had earlier said, time and again, we have told the centre that andhra pradesh needs help because after bifurcation we have been suffering due to revenue loss.
i have gone to delhi 29 times but to no avail.
i am anguished over the denial of special status to andhra pradesh.
what is this humiliation and injustice to the state?
uma bharti.
uma bharti.
union minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, uma bharti wednesday postponed her visit to ayodhya by a few days, following the supreme courts order in the babri masjid demolition case.
in the order, the sc restored criminal conspiracy charges against 14 people including senior bjp leaders lk advani, mm joshi and uma bharti.
earlier in the day she had announced her plan to visit the city to seek lord rams blessings for the construction of a temple.
bharti said that the visit was postponed as it could have turned into a political event given the media hype surrounding the issue.
sources in the bjp said that the minister had cancelled her plan on the advice of bjp party president amit shah.
also read | babri masjid demolition case: a timeline of the long-standing disputethere was no conspiracy, everything was in the openi was associated with the ram temple movement with full confidence and pride.
the court has said that we be tried for conspiracy.
there was no conspiracy yes, i was present in ayodhya on december 6, 1992 (when the disputed structure was demolished).
where does one see any conspiracy?
bharti asked.
the minister said that she was ready to face any punishment it took to build the ram temple in ayodhya.
i am ready to face whatever punishment it takes for the construction of a temple at ayodhya or be it on the issue of cleaning of the ganga, the tricolour or cow.
i have never repented or apologised, she said.
also read | pm modi meets senior ministers hours after sc order on babri masjid casefollowing scs order, the opposition demanded her resignation, which were later ruled out by finance minister arun jaitley.
reacting to the congresss demand, bharti made a reference to the 1984 anti-sikh riots, claiming that the then prime minister rajiv gandhi had sought to justify the killings post the assassination of indira gandhi.
when thousands of sikhs died in the riots, sonia gandhi was at the house of her husband.
rajiv was trying to justify the massacre.
so, can we say she was part of a conspiracy?
the congress has no moral right to seek my resignation, she said.
bharti said that at the same time she was not one to stick to any post, recalling she had quit chief minister of madhya pradesh over a decade ago, following a court order that convicted her in a case that involved the national flag.
i gave up the chief ministers post after a court convicted me.
in this (ayodhya) case, the trial is yet to begin.
the charges are yet to be proved, she said, adding that the most of a minister was too small for her.
also read | arunjaitley rules out uma bharti resignationwhen asked to comment on bjp veteran lk advanis remark that the demolition of the mosque was the saddest day in his life, the minister said, i will never comment on what advani ji said.
i can speak for myself.
this country relates to cow, ganga, ram, the tricolour.
i will sacrifice life if i see insult to any of these.
b'finance minister arunjaitley , rbi governor raghuram rajan during a presser in the capital new delhi on saturday.
express photo by tashi tobgyal finance minister arunjaitley , rbi governor raghuram rajan during a presser in the capital new delhi on saturday.
express photo by tashi tobgyalasserting that political interference in institutions such as the rbi was against the interest of the nation, the janata dal (united) on monday said finance minister arunjaitley wanted rbi governor raghuram rajan to continue for the second term, but the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) lobby was against it.
jd (u) leader k.c. tyagi further pulled-up the government for not allowing the rbi governor to work with freedom and said, he (raghuram rajan) is a world famous economist, such people should be allowed to function freely, which this government does not allow.
watch video | keystrokes: no second term for raghuram rajanas a finance minister, arunjaitley wanted second term for rajan, but sangh lobby was against it, he added.
he criticised the bjp leaders for creating circumstances that forced rajan to decide not to continue.
some bjp leaders created such circumstances that to continue with the post became against his principles, he told ani.
watch video: rbi governor raghuram rajan delivers the first rng lectureon saturday, former union minister veerappa moily had hinted at rss being involved in the entire matter.
moily criticised the saffron outfit for having embarrassed rajan and said the latter was needed to steer the economy in times of global economic uncertainty.
watch video: whats making newsrajan on saturday announced that he would return to the academic world at the end of his term on september 4, 2016, adding he will always be available to serve his country when needed and asserted that his successor would take the nation to new heights.
rajan is currently on leave from the chicago booth school of business where he holds the post of distinguished service professor of finance.
swamy, who has been one of the chief critics of rajan, on saturday welcomed the latters decision and said that he was not even getting a second term in the first place.
b'congress president rahul gandhi leads protest over punjab national bank scam near gandhi statue outside parliament on tuesday (express photo/renuka puri) congress president rahul gandhi leads protest over punjab national bank scam near gandhi statue outside parliament on tuesday (express photo/renuka puri)both lok sabha and rajya sabha were adjourned for the day on tuesday after members disrupted the houses over several issues, including the punjab national bank scam.
the congress, which protested outside parliament ahead of the session, is demanding prime minister narendra modi address the houses on the steps being taken by the government to bring the scam accused back to india.
the second phase of the budget session commenced on monday, after a month-long recess.
both houses were adjourned for the day without transacting any business after several issues were raised by members, including the pnb scam, a special package for andhra pradesh, increased quota for weaker sections and minorities in telangana and tamil nadus share of cauvery water.
the second phase of the session will extend till april 6.
the first phase was held from january 29 to february 9.
the union budget 2018-19 was presented by finance minister arunjaitley on february 1.
sad president sukhbir badal.
(express photo by gurmeet singh/file) sad president sukhbir badal.
(express photo by gurmeet singh/file)sad president and former deputy cm sukhbir singh badal shares with navjeevan gopal his assessment of one year of the amarinder singh-led congress government in punjab.
how do you rate one year of amarinder singh government?
when they elect a new government, people have expectations with the change of guard.
this is first government in the country where rather than doing something or giving something to the people, they have withdrawn everything.
you never withdraw things.
basically, amarinder singh has outsourced this government to the bureaucracy.
he is not interested.
the political masters who are supposed to run the democracy are not in front.
the bureaucracy is taking decisions.
but the government has given a loan waiver to farmers.
they gave rs 150 crore for the waiver.
it is like putting a drop of water in the mouth of a thirsty man.
but the government says it is on course and will fulfil promises made to the electorate.
it also lists ghar ghar rozgar yojna and cm amarinder singh says 1.
6 lakh people have been given jobs.
it is like i hire two drivers and ask amarinder singh to add them into ghar ghar rozgar yojna statistics.
companies were called and told to send employees.
that is ridiculous.
job is something you create.
either you set up a new industry or you create government jobs.
out of 70,000 policemen in punjab, 40,000 were recruited by me.
out of one lakh teachers, 60,000 were recruited by us.
amarinder says punjab is small state and scope for government jobs is limited.
every year, the retirement takes place.
we opened sewa kendras to give delivery of services.
he closed those saying they are not viable.
why dont you then remove bureaucrats?
service is not viable everywhere.
police is not viable.
police is 70,000-strong force.
reduce its strength.
it is the obligation of the government to deliver services.
on crime, you left a number of cases unsolved during your tenure.
the congress government has cracked them, including targeted killings.
it was the same dgp then and now.
the culprits were identified during our tenure and look-out circulars issued against them.
they had run away from the country.
by chance, they did not know about locs and when they landed at the airport thinking that nothing is going to happen, they were caught.
we had put the net, fish got caught and now they are claiming [credit].
isnt your government responsible for creating the fiscal mess punjab finds itself today?
first of all, in our time, rs 20,000 crore was the vat.
gst has given them rs 26,500 crore this year, rs 6,500 crore more.
with rs 20,000 crore, we were distributing money and doing everything.
they have rs 6,500 crore more.
why do you think government is then citing financial crunch?
to cover up their inefficiencies.
they are putting blame on us.
rather than being answerable to people, they say treasury is empty.
congress leadership says the centre is not releasing the states share in gst collections and that upset the states finances.
not even one rupee remains pending with government of india as gst share collections.
it is an automatic system where gst share directly goes to the states account.
once finance minister in your government, manpreet badal is finance minister in amarinder singhs cabinet.
do you see any change in his functioning?
he should have been more in cultural affairs and tourism due to his love for poetry.
that is his interest.
you have given him finance, which he doesnt know anything about.
you have made scathing attacks on the amarinder singh government in series of pol khol rallies.
but why there is this growing perception that congress and sad are friendly to each other?
we are fighting them.
akali dal can never never align with congress.
it is all spread by aap, which has lost its complete game plan.
aap leaders have lost their base.
they are zero and are now doing the same propaganda just as they resorted to blaming akalis for drug problem and emptying the treasury.
why should we [be friendly to congress]?
we will beat congress and throw them out in 13 out of 13 parliamentary seats and in next assembly elections.
b'pm narendra modi with cabinet ministers after the reshuffle.
(source: twitter/@narendramodi) pm narendra modi with cabinet ministers after the reshuffle.
(source: twitter/@narendramodi)justifying the latest expansion of union council of ministers, information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu on wednesday said 78 ministers were not a large number for a country as large and diverse as india.
speaking to reporters after taking over charge from his cabinet colleague and finance minister arunjaitley , he saidtuesdays reshuffle had evoked a favourable reaction from people and even from some rival leaders.
there are some people, who, however, cannot take a positive view of anything, he added.
the constitution allows 15 per cent of the strength of lok sabha for the cabinet of the prime minister.
we are well within that and it is a huge country.
we have inherited huge problems and it needs a huge effort.
for a country of our size and range of issues to be addressed, coordination with states and three tier institutions, i think 78 ministers is not certainly large, he said.
the prime ministers focus is more on delivery.
it needs effective coordination, monitoring, that is why these inductions are made, naidu, who was earlier in charge of parliamentary affairs ministry, said.
rival parties have raised questions over the increase in the size of the council of ministers in the context of pms mantra of minimum government and maximum governance.
on the shifting of smriti irani from hrd to textiles ministry, naidu asked reporters not to read too much into it.
the person who you are talking about is also a dynamic person, he said, adding, the decision regarding portfolios is the prerogative of the prime minister.
i dont think anybody is unhappy about this, he said.
lauding prime minister narendra modi, naidu said he is the hope of the nation and after long time the country has a combination of a stable government and an able leader.
flanked by minister of state for information and broadcasting rajyavardhan rathore, naidu thanked arunjaitley for having given quality time and attention to the important ministry despite his preoccupation with finance ministry and the economy and said he would broadly like to carry on with the same approach.
he said his mission would be to ensure various media units of the government emerge as credible brands serving the cause of information to the people.
on a question about religious leader zakir naiks speeches, naidu said, we have time to study all these aspects and added that he would be communicative and outspoken on issues.
professor arvind sahay said india is the second-largest importer of the gold, bringing in 800-900 tonnes every year, but this gold remains with the owner stopping the circulation of money which is not good for the economy.
(file) professor arvind sahay said india is the second-largest importer of the gold, bringing in 800-900 tonnes every year, but this gold remains with the owner stopping the circulation of money which is not good for the economy.
(file)enforcement directorate (ed) seized rs 7.
30 crore in cash and 5.
5 kg gold during search operations post demonetisation, the government said today.
post demonetisation, the enforcement directorate has conducted searches under foreign exchange management act, 1999 (fema) and prevention of money laundering act, 2002 (pmla).
ed has arrested 18 persons and identified 17 others.
as a result of these searches, total amount of rs 7.
30 crore and gold weighing 5.
538 kg have been seized, he said.
watch what else is making newsthe minister said that on the basis of intelligence/identification of various malpractices, the income tax department conducted enforcement action (searches, seizures and surveys) in more than 1,100 cases during the period november 9, 2016 to january 19, 2017.
besides, more than 5,100 notices were issued for verification of suspicious high-value cash deposits in bank accounts during the same period.
these actions led to seizure of valuables of more than rs 610 crore which includes cash of rs 513 crore, the finance minister said.
jaitley informed that the undisclosed income detected in these actions as on january 10, 2017, has been more than rs 5,400 crore.
reserve bank of india reserve bank of indiain a marginal relief to wedding families, rbi on tuesday relaxed one of several conditions for withdrawal of rs 2.
5 lakh from their own accounts by making declaration for payments beyond rs 10,000 only.
earlier, the drawee had to declare all payments he had to make out of the rs 2.
5 lakh withdrawal from the account.
also, rbi asked banks to ensure adequate funds are provided to rural cooperative banks for disbursal to farmers so that they can have enough valid notes for purchase of seeds, fertiliser and other inputs during the ongoing rabi season.
the rbi also doubled the limit to rs 20,000 for semi-close pre-paid instruments with a view to meeting the transnational needs of the public through digital means.
a detailed list of persons to whom the cash withdrawn is proposed to be paid, together with a declaration from such persons that they do not have a bank account, where the amount proposed to be paid is rs 10,000 or more.
the list should indicate the purpose for which the proposed payments are being made, rbi said in a notification.
it is estimated that about rs 35,000 crore would be required by dccbs (district co-operative banks) for sanction and disbursement of crop loans to farmers at the rate of rs 10,000 crore per week, an rbi notification said.
national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) will be utilising its own cash credit limits up toabout rs 23,000 crore to enable the dccbs to disburse the required crop loans to primary agricultural credit society (pacs) and farmers, it said.
as many of these loans will be disbursed in cash to facilitate farming related expenses, we advise in this regard that banks with currency chests should ensure adequate cash supply to the dccbs and rrbs, it said.
the decision comes a day after finance minister arunjaitley had a meeting with rbi, nabard and all bankers andimpressed upon them to make available funds to the cooperative sector as it is an important financing mechanism for rural india.
on monday, the reserve bank of india issued detailed operating guidelines for banks for dealing with special dispensation for wedding, a move which was announced by the government four days ago.
withdrawals were allowed only from balance available before november 8 decision of the government to demonetise 500 and 1,000 currency notes and the same can be done only for marriages solemnised on or before december 30.
b'madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan visits china to scout for investments.
he also plans to hold talks with senior chinese officials.
(source: file photo) madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan visits china to scout for investments.
he also plans to hold talks with senior chinese officials.
(source: file photo)madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan arrived in china on sunday to scout for investments for his state and hold talks with senior chinese officials.
chouhan will address a business seminar in beijing on monday in which several chinese investors are expected to take part.
he is also scheduled to meet song tao, minister of the international department of the ruling communist party of china (cpc) and zhao leji, politburo member and minister of the organisation department of the cpc.
watch video: whats making newscpc international department maintains close ties with different political parties in india including bjp and also state governments.
chouhan is also set to meet several chinese ceos and industrialists individually in the next two days.
this is chouhans second visit to china as chief ministers from several indian states have visited the country in recent years to pitch for chinese investments.
chouhan will later visit guangzhou city where he is due to address a business seminar and meet local officials and investors.
last month, president pranab mukherjee had addressed a india-china business forum in guangzhou pitching for chinese investments in india.
chouhans visit will be followed by finance minster arunjaitley trip here during which he is due to address a business forum here on june 24 and attend the 8th india-china financial dialogue.
jaitley will also attend the first board of governors meeting of the china-sponsored asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib) to be held on june 25-26.
india is a founding member of the bank in which 56 other countries have joined.
b'jitendra singh, minister of state in the prime ministers office.
jitendra singh, minister of state in the prime ministers office.
a day after finance minister arunjaitley criticised nehruvian model of development, saying it had held the country back, union minister jitendra singh on sunday termed jammu and kashmir a glaring example of the failure of nehrus political model.
yesterday, union finance minister spoke about the failed nehruvian model of economy and today i say that if you want to see the failed political model of nehru, then jammu and kashmir is the best example, singh said while addressing a yaad karo kurbani rally in the outskirts of jammu today.
so, the reforms were brought in due to that compulsion, due to failure of that system.
singh said jammu and kashmir is a glaring example of the failed politics of the first prime minister jawahar lal nehru.
he said the area of jammu and kashmir under the control of maharaja hari singh was 2.
25 lakh square kilometers, but due to the failed political approach of first prime minister jawahar lal nehru, india got only one lakh square kilometers of the area, rest was occupied by pakistan like area of gilgit and baltistan and pakistan occupied kashmir.
the maharaja was so annoyed with nehru that he decided never to return to jammu and kashmir and breathed his last in mumbai, singh said.
he said the tiranga yatra started by prime minister narendra modi would be complete only after the indian flag is unfurled in gilgit-baltistan and kotli.
singh said that raising issue of human rights abuses in balochistan was necessary for the self defense of the country, as the situation in the neighborhood directly affects us.
people say that by raising the issue of balochistan we are interfering in the internal matters of other country, whether it is interference or not, but when someone across the wall of your house is indulge in slaughter, it is your right to act for your own safety and your defense, he said.
he said that if there was problem in the neighborhood, then we are affected, whether it is baluchistan or pakistan occupied kashmir, he said.
bjp minister chandar prakash ganga while addressing the gathering alleged the stone pelters in kashmir were being paid to target security personnel and the rate has increased.
jammu and kashmir deputy chief minister nirmal singh and other senior bjp leaders also addressed the rally.
vijay mallya (express file photo by anil sharma) vijay mallya (express file photo by anil sharma)following the arrest of absconding liquor baron and indian businessman vijay mallya, the ministry of home affairs has asked the cbi and the enforcement directorate to apply for his extradition in the idbi bank loan fraud case.
mallya was arrested at about 9.
30 am (local time) in london, by the scotland yard.
in a statement issued, the metropolitan police said: officers from the metropolitan polices extradition unit have this morning, tuesday 18 april arrested a man on an extradition warrant.
vijay mallya, 61 (18/12/1955), was arrested on behalf of the indian authorities in relation to accusations of fraud.
he was arrested after attending a central london police station, and will appear at westminster magistrates court later today, 18 april.
the indian government had, last year, requested the united kingdom government to extradite mallya.
the request came when finance minister arunjaitley met the uk chancellor earlier this year in the united kingdom.
on february 21, the uk authorities conveyed to their indian counterparts that the secretary of state had certified their extradition request.
in a series of tweets earlier this year, mallya, who was declared an absconder by a pmla court, called the move by the government and its investigating agencies a witchhunt against him.
mallya owes more than rs 9,000 crore to various banks in various cases.
he fled india on march 2, 2016.
b'bjp leaders admit that attacks against dalits in party-ruled states, abuse of dalit leaders or the oppositions efforts to paint bjp as an anti-dalit party  such as in the rohith vemula issue  would be extremely damaging for the party.
bjp leaders admit that attacks against dalits in party-ruled states, abuse of dalit leaders or the oppositions efforts to paint bjp as an anti-dalit party  such as in the rohith vemula issue  would be extremely damaging for the party.
with the assault on dalits for skinning a dead cow in party-ruled gujarat snowballing into a political controversy, the bjp, worried over how it would impact its prospects in the coming elections, initiated a major firefighting exercise by fielding leaders to defend the state government.
it also took swift action against its uttar pradesh vice-president dayashankar singh, who added to the bjps troubles by saying bsp supremo mayawatis actions were worse than those of a prostitute.
barely two hours after finance minister arunjaitley expressed his regret in parliament for the party leaders remarks against mayawati, the bjp removed dayashankar from his post.
i am personally hurt that a bjp partyperson used such derogatory words against mayawatiji.
i should tell her that the party shares her grief.
during the day, the bjp, which had identified the anti-reservation comment by rss chief mohan bhagwat as one of the reasons for its defeat in bihar, urgently called a press conference attended by union ministers belonging to the dalit community and some gujarat mps.
watch video: dalit protests spread in gujarat, voices rise in parliamentunion minister thawar chand gehlot slammed the congress and bsp for their attempts to draw political mileage from the incident.
the state government was very fast in taking the necessary action.
so far, 17 people have been arrested.
as far as my ministry is concerned, we will provide rs 5 lakh compensation to the affected dalit families, gehlot, flanked by other dalit ministers, arjun ram meghwal and krishna raj, told reporters.
asked about some muslims being attacked in parts of the country over similar charges related to cows, the minister insisted that his party believed in harmony and did not discriminate along caste or religious lines.
bjps own ally and union minister ram vilas paswan met the home minister demanding action on the issue.
dalits form a crucial vote bank in uttar pradesh and punjab, constituting more than 20 per cent and 32 per cent respectively of the population.
the bjp leadership and government have initiated a number of schemes to woo the community.
bjp leaders admit that attacks against dalits in party-ruled states, abuse of dalit leaders or the oppositions efforts to paint bjp as an anti-dalit party  such as in the rohith vemula issue  would be extremely damaging for the party.
the gujarat incident, involving the sensitive issue of cow slaughter, particularly had the potential to consolidate muslims and dalits in up against the bjp, they fear.
that would be fatal to the partys prospects and drown all efforts by pm modi to placate the dalit community, said a bjp leader.
b'the budget for 2016-17 announced a four-month compliance window the budget for 2016-17 announced a four-month compliance windowthe government may extend the deadline for payment of tax on black money disclosed during the one-time compliance window and has accepted the industry request for tax being paid in installments.
the government is favourably considering to extend the tax payment deadline as it understands the liquidity crunch around november, a top official told pti.
discussions are on with regard to the number of months by which the payment window can be extended.
we have said that they can pay tax and penalty in installments, he said.
the comments follow finance minister arunjaitley meeting with industry associations, cas and tax professionals late last month to understand their concerns around the compliance window.
the budget for 2016-17 announced a four-month compliance window, allowing domestic black money holders to declare their unaccounted wealth, pay a tax and penalty of 45 per cent and escape prosecution and harsher punishment.
the window under the income declaration scheme (ids) 2016 opened on june 1 and will close on september 30.
tax and penalty on income declared, as per the original scheme, is to be paid by november.
according to the memorandum to the finance bill 2016, the government has the flexibility with regard to the closure date of the compliance window, which opened on june 1.
hence any change in closure date can be made effective through a notification.
as regards the payment of tax and penalty, neither the finance act nor the rules with regard to ids had stipulated such payment in installment.
various trade bodies however have asked for leniency in payment of taxes and sought extension of scheme to address the cash flow problem around november.
the central board of direct taxes (cbdt) has already issued three sets of clarifications on the scheme in form of frequently asked questions (faqs).
the scheme applies to both residents as well as non- residents (as both these categories could have taxable income that can be declared under the ids).
we will issue more faqs.
we are still getting queries from people and we will address them individually, the official said.
b'arun arunjaitley in rajya sabha arunjaitley in rajya sabhafinance minister arunjaitley responded to rahul gandhis attack over various issues tuesday, including the jnu controversy and the economy.
please dont do anything that lends respectability to such people people have the right to free speech, but not to break the country.
this is the time when we dont need obstructive democracy.
our approach will have to be to work together, he said.
he attacked the upa over the ishrat jahan killing, saying it had changed the composition of the sit on a couple of occasions.
in the process, you unbared the entire security apparatus of india because you wanted to fix a political leader some day an investigation will take place on how internal security was played with.
on talks with pakistan, he said that contrary to the sharm el sheikh episode, when the congress-led government agreed to continue talks with pakistan despite terrorism, we are compelling pakistan for first time to own up that attack in india is taking place from their land.
he mocked rahul, saying someone has convinced him to do calculations on the back of the envelope, and defended his governments decision to not pass on the benefit of dip in crude prices to consumers.
he said that the difference between the existing prices of oil in the country and the rate of purchase of crude oil has been divided in three parts and benefits have been passed on to the consumers, part to oil companies and part invested in infrastructure building.
leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad countered that while in opposition, the bjp hadnt accepted a similar argument from the congress.
security to kanhaiya: naqviminister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said security will be provided to kanhaiya kumar and an investigation is on to ascertain the authenticity of video clips of speeches at jnu that were aired by some channels.
this was after azad said adarsh sharma of purvanchal sena had put up posters announcing a reward of rs 11 lakh for anyone who kills kanhiaya kumar, and that a bjp yuva morcha leader, whom azad named as kuldeep varshnay, has announced rs 5 lakh for cutting off kanhaiyas tongue.
naqvi said the bjp has already taken action against the leader who had offered a reward and legal action would be taken.
finance minister arun jaitley.
(file photo) finance minister arun jaitley.
(file photo)the aggreived employees association of the central excise tax department today met finance minister arunjaitley , flagging concerns on their promotion and work allocation following implementation of gst from july 1.
jaitley, on his part, is learnt to have assured the officers that there will be no job loss for central excise officers post the rollout of the new indirect tax regime, saying he will look at the possibility of inducting some of the cbec officers into cbdt.
watch what else is making newssources said the minister told the joint action committee of the irs (c&ce) association that since the work of income tax department will increase due to increased number of assesses coming under tax net, some of the workload can be transferred to cbec.
jaitley is learnt to have said that he will discuss the issue with central board of direct taxes (cbdt) and the revenue secretary.
cbdt is the apex policy making body of the income tax department, while the central board of excise customs (cbec) decides on policies for the indirect taxes  customs, excise and service tax.
the indian revenue service (customs and central excise) officers association has asked the government to protect the sanctity of their service amid attempts by officers of state government vat departments to equate themselves with irs (customs and central excise) officers.
sources said that arunjaitley has assured the central excise officers that their promotions would be fast tracked and other hr issues would be taken care of.
b'the list has been extracted from more than 11 million secret documents belonging to mossack fonseca, a law firm headquartered in panama, which provided offshore companies to the well-heeled across the world, including 500 indians.
the list has been extracted from more than 11 million secret documents belonging to mossack fonseca, a law firm headquartered in panama, which provided offshore companies to the well-heeled across the world, including 500 indians.
an eight-month-long investigation by the indian express, in collaboration with the international consortium of investigative journalists (icij) and sddeutsche zeitung (munich) has revealed a list of names of indians who are linked to offshore entities in tax havens around the world.
the list has been extracted from more than 11 million secret documents belonging to mossack fonseca, a law firm headquartered in panama, which provided offshore companies to the well-heeled across the world, including 500 indians.
the governments response is welcome.
the issue of black money took centrestage in the lead-up to the 2014 general elections.
over the last two years, the narendra modi government has been accused of not doing enough in this regard.
the finance ministry has stated that two similar investigations in the past have yielded results  in 2013, an icij investigation (also done in collaboration with this paper) pointed to links of 700 indian persons with business connections with off-shore entities, while information provided by the government of france in 2011 has led to indian tax authorities completing tax assessments in 390 cases (the list of account holders was doubled after indian express-icij investigations).
the panama papers expos is yet another opportunity for the government to not only investigate and prosecute the guilty but also to carve out clear regulations for the future.
by all accounts, since 2004, the regulatory framework with regard to capital convertibility has been changed almost every three years.
till 2004, the rules did not allow a resident indian to transfer money to a foreign country for any purpose.
but in that year, the rbi allowed the transfer of a sum of up to $25,000 under the liberalised remittance scheme.
over time, this limit has increased tenfold.
through it all, however, the rbi allowed a regulatory gap, or rather confusion, to fester  it has not been clear whether indians can set up entities abroad.
by the time the rbi allowed the setting up of 100 per cent subsidiaries or joint ventures in foreign countries in mid-2013, such entities had already proliferated.
even now, it is not clear what is the exact legal position for those who acquired already existing companies  such as the ones that mossack fonseca supplied off the shelf.
the government as well as the rbi must now spell out rules that are lucid and explicit.
the second key issue framed by the panama papers is of propriety, or its absence, on the part of those on the list.
it is this  the adherence to the law not just in letter but also in spirit  that separates tax planning from tax avoidance.
the finance minister has rightly said that those who did not take advantage of the compliance window last year to declare illegal assets abroad will find such adventurism extremely costly.
it is time now for the government to do as it says.
finance minister arunjaitley speaks in the lok sabha finance minister arunjaitley speaks in the lok sabhalok sabha passes gst supplementary billsthe lok sabha passed the much-awaited central goods and services tax (gst) bill, integrated gst bill, compensation gst bill and union territory gst bill 2017 on wednesday.
all the four bills that were moved by union finance minister arunjaitley in the lower house were passed by voice vote.
in a seven-hour-long debate, arunjaitley argued that the gst will make commoditiesslightly cheaper.
read full storysc bars sale, registration of bs-iii vehicles from april 1with the bs-iv norms kicking in from april 1, the apex court on wednesday observed that vehicles that do not comply with the new standards wont be allowed to registered or sold in the country.
a bench of justices madan b lokur and deepak gupta observed that health of the people is far far more important than the commercial interest of automobile manufactures.
the court was hearing a petition by some auto manufacturers who sought relief on sale of existing stock that are not bs-iv compliant.
read full storyus: indian engineer killed, wife critically injured in hit-and-run accidenta 30-year-old indian-origin man was mowed down and his wife was critically injured when a minivan rammed into them in the us city of columbus.
anshul sharma, 30, died on the spot while his wife samira bharadwaj, 28, was in a critical condition and is currently being treated in a hospital in indianapolis.
read full storybritish pm theresa may to file formal brexit divorce papersin picture, britains prime minister theresa may (parliament tv/handout via reuters) in picture, britains prime minister theresa may (parliament tv/handout via reuters)united kingdom prime minister theresa may on wednesday formally initiated the much-awaited brexit, saying now there was no turning back on this.
this move is going to test the endurance of the european union as well as britain as such.
may will formally issue a letter to eu council president donald tusk that uk really is quitting the bloc it had joined back in 1973.
read full storytata motors launches tigor in india, prices start at rs 4.
70 lakh ex-showroom delhitata motors on wednesday launched their mid-segment sedan tigor with an introductory price starting from rs 4.
70 lakh going up to rs 7.
09 lakh ex-showroom new delhi.
tata aims to take on hondas amaze, maruti suzuki swift dzire, ford aspire, hyundai xcent and vokswagen ameo with the latest launch.
powering the car is a 1.
2 litre revorton petrol engine and 1.
05 litre revotorq diesel engine mated to a 5-speed manual transmission.
the interesting bit, however, is that tigors, pronounced as tee-gaur, pricing is nearly rs 65,000 to rs 83,000 lower than the swift dzire as the company aims to break away from traditional market boundaries.
b'capt amarinder singh capt amarinder singhthe shiromani akali dal on monday asked punjab pradesh congress committee (ppcc) president capt amarinder singh to act as strong as he pretended to be and face the law rather than acting like a cry baby and playing victim after being caught stashing black money in swiss bank accounts and trusts.
sad spokesman daljit singh cheema said, it is shameful that capt is accusing union minister arunjaitley of indulging in political vendetta after the enforcement directorate (ed) had summoned his son raninder singh to question him as to why he had lied to the agency that he was not a beneficiary of any trust formed by his father in the united kingdom.
instead of crying wolf and trying to blame others for your black deeds, it is better you explain why you formed the jacaranda trust in the first place.
explain to the people of punjab why you opened bank accounts in swiss banks.
why were lakhs of dollars transferred into these accounts when you were chief minister of punjab?
akali leader cheema stated on monday, referring to amarinder.
if you have broken the law of the land and stashed black money abroad and also formed a trust to obfuscate the money trial as well as to keep the name of your family away from the public eye, you will now have to pay for your sins.
b'finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleyafter facing backlash on its budget proposal to partially tax funds at the time of withdrawal from employees provident fund (epf), the finance ministry issued a clarification stating they are considering various demands on the issue including levying tax only on accumulated returns on the corpus and not on the contributed amount.
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said the finance minister would be considering all these suggestions and will take a view in due course.
adhia said, we have received representations today (tuesday) from various sections suggesting that if the amount of 60 per cent of corpus is not invested in the annuity products, the tax should be levied only on accumulated returns on the corpus and not on the contributed amount.
we have also received representations asking for not having any monetary limit on the employer contribution under epf, because such a limit is not there in nps (national pension system).
the finance minister would be considering all these suggestions and taking a view on it in due course.
pf tax: making sense of govts clarificationadhia reiterated that no tax will be levied on withdrawal of 60 per cent of epf corpus, if it is invested in annuity.
he added that the ministry had also received demand from various groups for removal of proposed monetary ceiling of rs 1.
5 lakh on employer contribution or ceiling of 12 per cent of employer contribution, whichever is less and it is also being considered.
share this article related article after a taxing week, employee provident fund tax free againafter a taxing week, employee provident fund tax free again fm arunjaitley to clarify govts final stand on epf in parliament todayfm arunjaitley to clarify govts final stand on epf in parliament today epf tax has you confused?
here is how to decide between epf, ppf and npsepf tax has you confused?
in his budget speech for 2016-17 on monday, finance minister arunjaitley had proposed tax on 60 per cent of the corpus of provident fund at the time of withdrawal from epf, in line with the nps, and other pension plans where the government has proposed to exempt 40 per cent of the corpus from tax at the time of withdrawal.
the revenue secretary said the purpose of this reform is to encourage more number of private sector employees to go for pension security after retirement instead of withdrawing the entire money from the provident fund account.
the original members of epfo, who are within the statutory wage limit of rs 15,000 per month, totalling to around 3 crore subscribers out of around 3.
7 crore contributing members, will not be impacted by this proposed change in taxation on withdrawal of corpus, adhia said.
keystrokes: epf taxit is only for that 70 lakh category people, about 3 crore people are not going to be affected, those who are original customers of epfo.
the big company employees joined later on, because there was no nps at that time and because they joined, they rode on the benefit of smaller employees, and got complete eee exemptions.
this was the case.
we are trying to say that ideally they should be a part of nps, not epf, he added.
the idea behind this mechanism is to encourage people to invest in pension products rather than withdraw and use the entire corpus after retirement, adhia said.
finance minister arun jaitley.
finance minister arun jaitley.
finance minister arunjaitley has cancelled his attendance at the asian development banks annual meeting here because of pressing domestic engagements back home.
jaitley, who also holds the additional charge of defence minister, is however scheduled to travel to tokyo this weekend seeking japanese investment into india.
he was scheduled to attend adbs 50th annual meeting here from may 4-7.
official sources said arunjaitley will not be attending the meet, but did not give any reasons for the same.
it is understood that the move may be linked to the mutilation of bodies of two indian soldiers by pakistani troops.
an outraged india today summoned pakistani high commissioner abdul basit and demanded action against those responsible for the act.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das will fill in for arunjaitley for the adb event.
finance ministers and central bank governors of member nations are slated to attend the annual meet that is being held under the theme building together the prosperity of asia with focus on the regions growing need for infrastructure as a critical component for achieving sustainable and inclusive development.
discussions at the meet will centre on urban challenges and strive for clean and climate-resilient development, according to an adb statement.
the sources said arunjaitley is now scheduled to arrive in tokyo on may 6 and will meet with ceos of japanese companies, besides japanese leadership.
during his visit, he will address investors and an interactive session on indias business environment: reforms and opportunities.
central excise duty on goods other than crude oil, petrol, diesel, atf and natural gas, service tax on taxable services and vat on sale or purchase of goods will be subsumed in the gst.
central excise duty on goods other than crude oil, petrol, diesel, atf and natural gas, service tax on taxable services and vat on sale or purchase of goods will be subsumed in the gst.
finance minister arunjaitley introduced a bill in lok sabha to amend the customs and excise acts to make them compliant with the new gst regime.
the amendment seeks to include warehouse in the definition of customs area to ensure that an importer is not asked to pay integrated goods and services tax (igst) at the time of removal of goods from a customs station to a warehouse.
the proposed bill also seeks to abolish the cess levied on water consumed by certain industries and by local authorities under the water (prevention and control of pollution) cess act, 1977, the statement of objects and reasons for the bill stated.
jaitley brought the taxation laws (amendment) bill, 2017 to further amend the customs act, 1962, the customs tariff act, 1975, the central excise act, 1944, the finance act, 2001 and the finance act, 2005, within days of the lok sabha passing four gst legislations.
as the goods and services tax is to be introduced with effect from the july 1, 2017, the four legislations of the central gst bill 2017, the integrated gst bill 2017, the union territory gst bill, 2017 and the gst (compensation to states) bill, 2017 are in the process of being enacted, it said.
as a result, central excise duty on goods other than crude oil, petrol, diesel, atf and natural gas, service tax on taxable services and vat on sale or purchase of goods will be subsumed in the gst.
therefore, it requires certain consequential amendments in the customs act, 1962, the customs tariff act, 1975, the central excise act, 1944, the finance act 2001 and the finance act 2005 and repeal of certain enactments, it said.
the amendment is to provide for levy of igst and gst compensation cess on imports goods as to provide a level playing field to the domestic industry.
also, certain consequential amendments are proposed to made in the excise act relating to certain definitions, charging sections, provision of deemed manufacture and insertion of emergency powers to increase the rate of duty.
b'file photo of delhi cm arvind kejriwal and suspended bjp leader kirti azad.
file photo of delhi cm arvind kejriwal and suspended bjp leader kirti azad.
ddca on saturday filed defamation suits in delhi high court against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and bjp mp kirti azad for allegedly making defamatory remarks against it regarding its functioning and finances.
we (ddca) have filed civil defamation suits against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and kirti azad seeking rs 2.
5 crore as damages from each of them for their defamatory remarks against us, ddca treasurer ravinder manchanda told pti.
advocate sangram patnaik also confirmed that the defamation suits have been filed seeking rs 2.
5 crore damages against both of them.
he further said that the allegations against delhi and district cricket association (ddca) regarding financial irregularities and corruption in selections at the junior level were maligning the image of the cricket body.
kejriwal and five others of his party have already been dragged to the high court by finance minister arunjaitley for issuing allegedly false and defamatory statements against him and his family members.
jaitley has sought damages of rs 10 crore from them.
apart from this, the six aam aadmi party (aap) leaders are also facing a criminal defamation case filed against them in the trial court by the minister.
the visit by the delegation comes in the midst of anxiety in europe over trump administrations possible stand on nato, the european union and various other issues.
(file photo) the visit by the delegation comes in the midst of anxiety in europe over trump administrations possible stand on nato, the european union and various other issues.
(file photo)an eu delegation is here to gauge indias assessment of the new american administration and possible engagement between the two sides, amid europes mounting concern over donald trumps foreign policy rhetoric.
geoffrey van orden, chair of the european parliament delegation for relations with india, said major changes were taking place in the global scene and eu was keen to know about new delhis reactions to them.
watch what else is making newshe also said eu was also keen to know about indias concerns over upsurge in incidents of violence in jammu and kashmir, indias ties with pakistan and ways to deal with threat of terrorism.
we are here to judge (indias) reaction to some of the major changes which are taking place at the global scene, indias reaction to the new us administration, orden, leading a six-member delegation, told reporters.
the delegation is meeting finance minister arunjaitley , commerce minister nirmala sitharaman and minister of state for external affairs v k singh among others.
the visit by the delegation comes in the midst of anxiety in europe over trump administrations possible stand on nato, the european union and various other issues.
the eu is one of indias leading trade partner and the two-way commerce in goods between india and the powerful bloc was usd 98.
5 billion in 2014-15.
orden said though various parts of the world were grappling with instability, eu considers india to be a stable country to do business with.
referring to the kashmir issue, he talked about attacks on indias security forces in the valley but at the same time added that there has been a spurt in terrorist strikes in pakistan and that islamabad was facing a serious problem to contain the menace.
we would like to see a situation where the two countries have an open relationship, orden said, adding there are forces in jammu and kashmir which want to disrupt any progress in indo-pak ties.
asked about europes concerns over cases of human rights violations by indian security forces, he called it a difficult territory and that time to time, things happen in dealing with terrorists.
he said, at times, actions by security forces are regrettable but it was difficult to judge whether they are genuine human rights issue.
we have seen more activity going on in european parliament where people are trying again to work up the kashmir issue.
finance minister arunjaitley (file) finance minister arunjaitley (file)the union cabinet on monday approved four supporting goods and services tax (gst) legislations in its bid to introduce them before parliament as early as today.
the approved legislations include the compensation law, the central-gst (c-gst), integrated-gst (i-gst) and union territory-gst (ut-gst).
according to pti, these would be introduced as money bill.
the gst legislations were the only agenda in the union cabinet meeting, which was chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
passage of all the legislations is crucial for the introduction of gst, which is expected to be rolled out from july 1.
the state-gst bill requires to be passed by each of the state legislative assemblies, while the four other laws have to be approved by parliament.
in its previous two meetings, the gst council had given its approval to the four legislations as also the state-gst (s-gst) bill.
a composite gst will be charged on sale of goods or rendering of services once the new indirect tax regime is introduced, while the revenue would be shared between the centre and the states in almost equal proportion.
the gst will subsume central taxes like excise and service tax and state levies like vat.
bjp leaders l k advani ,m m joshi having a meeting soon after kar sewak started demolation of babri masjid at ram janam bhoomi .
(express archive/rk sharma) bjp leaders l k advani ,m m joshi having a meeting soon after kar sewak started demolation of babri masjid at ram janam bhoomi .
(express archive/rk sharma)consensus in bjp core: best if they stand trial, get acquittedas the supreme court ruled that senior bjp leaders lk advani, murli manohar joshi and union minister uma bharti will face criminal conspiracy charges in the babri masjid demolition case of 1992, the bjp core committee met in new delhi to arrive at a consensus that the leaders should stand trial and get an acquittal from the court.
according to sources, this meeting was attended by prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah and other ministers from the party.
read more heregovt cancels fcra licence of top public health ngoa delhi based ngo has had its fcra license revoked and has been barred from receiving foreign funding, including the bill and melinda gates foundation.
the public health foundation of india is an ngo aimed at strengthening training, research and policy development in public health and had acquired a license under the foreign contribution (regulation) act, which was renewed for five years in august 2016.
read more here100  paper trail voting planned in gujarat, himachal electionsamidst the evms controversy, the election commission of india has decided that all the voting machines will be linked to the voter-verified paper audit trail (vvpat) machines in the assembly elections of gujarat and himachal pradesh, which are scheduled to take place in the latter half of 2017.
ec offficials have said that this decision had been taken sometime ago as orders for the new machines have been placed already.
read more herejaitley may take up h-1b issue with us authoritiesarun arunjaitley is likely to take up the executive order on h1-b visas that donald trump signed on wednesday.
jaitley told reporters that the issue would have to be discussed with appropriate authorities and when he gets the opportunity, he will do so.
donald trump on wednesday signed the h1-b executive order that replaces the lottery system with merit-based system for the us work visa.
b'kashmir: the all-party delegation led by home minister rajnath singh will visit the valley on september 4 and is expected to meet a cross section of people.
(source: file photo) kashmir: the all-party delegation led by home minister rajnath singh will visit the valley on september 4 and is expected to meet a cross section of people.
(source: file photo)union home minister rajnath singh will on saturday chair a meeting of all-party delegation that will be visiting kashmir on sunday.
at the meeting called by minister for parliamentary affairs ananth kumar  the itinerary of the visit will be shared with the members, who will also hold discussions on the prospective meetings in kashmir.
the all-party delegation led by singh will visit jammu and kashmir on september 4 and is expected to meet a cross section of people, individuals and organisations as an effort to restore peace back in the state.
the delegation will have 28 parliamentarians and senior government officials.
the delegation may include finance minister arunjaitley , food and public distribution minister ram vilas paswan, congress leaders ghulam nabi azad, mallikarjun kharge as well as opposition leaders like asaduddin owaisi of aimim.
curfew has been imposed in the valley ever since the killing of hizbul mujahideen commander burhan wani on july 8.
the curfew restrictions have been lifted from most of the parts of the valley after 51 consecutive days raising death toll to 70 due to clashes between security forces and protesters.
the supreme court on friday refused any interim stay on the electoral bond scheme and directed all parties to submit details of political funding received so far to the election commission in sealed covers by may 30.
advertisinga bench headed by chief justice of india justice ranjan gogoi and comprising justices deepak gupta and sanjiv khanna, ordered the parties to furnish receipts of electoral bonds to the poll body, providing information on the identity of donors and the amount in the account of donors.
explained | electoral bonds scheme: key objections vs governments argumentsthe apex court observed that rival contentions by the petitioners and respondents raise weighty issues which have a tremendous bearing on the electoral process and that the matter will require a detailed hearing.
it posted the matter for hearing on an appropriate date.
advertisingbesides this, the court also directed the finance ministry to reduce the window of purchasing electoral bonds from 10 days to five days in april-may.
the top court was hearing a plea by ngo association of democratic reforms (adr) challenging the scheme and seeking either a stay on the bonds or the declaration of names of the donor to ensure transparency in the poll process.
also read | why must voter know the source of political funding, govt tells scappearing for petitioner adr, advocate prashant bhushan had earlier said that according to election commission figures, bonds worth rs 210 crore of the total rs 221 crore purchased had gone to the bjp.
however, objecting to it, attorney general k k venugopal said bhushan was making an election speech.
responding to queries from apex court earlier, he had said transparency cannot be the mantra and my opinion is voters have the right to know about their candidates why should they know where the money of political parties is coming from.
also read | not against electoral bonds, but opposed to anonymity attached to it: ecthe bjp-led nda government had announced electoral bonds in the earlier budget, claiming that the scheme would clean up political funding.
finance minister arunjaitley had also defended the use of electoral bonds, saying that if the donors are asked to disclose names of political parties to whom they give money, it would result in return to the earlier system of usage of cash and black money in political funding.
the government had brought in the electoral bond scheme as an alternative to cash donations made to political parties as part of its efforts to bring transparency in political funding.
under the scheme, the name of the donor is known only to banks.
b'the benami law has strict provisions to confiscate benami properties.
(file) the benami law has strict provisions to confiscate benami properties.
(file)people keeping benami properties to evade taxes will get up to seven years rigorous imprisonment and fine, as per a new law aimed at checking black money in real estate sector.
president pranab mukherjee has recently given assent to the benami transactions (prohibition) amendment act, 2016 and it has been notified by the government, officials said on tuesday.
the law has strict provisions to confiscate benami properties and stiff penalty for entering into such transactions, they said.
a transaction is considered as benami (meaning nameless) where a property is transferred to or is held by a person and the consideration for such property has been provided or paid by another person.
in these cases, the property is held for the immediate or future benefit, direct or indirect, of the person who has provided its payment.
the benami transactions (prohibition) amendment bill, 2015 was introduced in lok sabha on may 13, last year by finance minister arun jaitley.
it was then referred to the standing committee on finance which gave its report on april 28.
lok sabha passed the bill on july 27 and rajya sabha gave its nod on august 2.
as per the new law which has amended benami transactions act of 1988, whoever is found guilty of the offence of benami transaction shall be punishable with rigorous imprisonment for a term which shall not be less than one year, but which may extend to seven years and shall also be liable to fine which may extend to 25 per cent of the fair market value of the property.
under the old law, the penalty for entering into benami transactions is imprisonment up to three years, or a fine, or both.
the act also has a provision of penalty for providing false information.
any person, required to furnish information under this act, knowingly gives false information to any authority or furnishes any false document shall be punishable with rigorous imprisonment for a term which shall not be less than six months but which may extend to five years and shall also be liable to fine which may extend to 10 per cent of the fair market value of the property, the law said.
also read: benami law: dont give us a chance to use it, warns govthowever, no prosecution shall be instituted against any person under this law without the previous sanction of central board of direct taxes.
the new law will check domestic black money especially in real estate sector, officials said.
watch video: whats making newsthe legislation has provision for setting up of an authority as administrator which shall have the power to receive and manage the benami property confiscated under the act.
the new act mandates central government to designate one or more courts of session as special court for trial of offence punishable under it.
senior bjp leader murli manohar joshi, head of the parliamentary committee on estimates.
express photo by prem nath pandey senior bjp leader murli manohar joshi, head of the parliamentary committee on estimates.
express photo by prem nath pandeyemphasising that india cannot afford to lag behind in defence preparedness, a parliamentary committee has said that nothing concrete has been done for the implementation of the strategic partnership model unveiled by the government a year ago.
the committee on estimates, headed by bjp veteran murli manohar joshi, in its draft report also came down hard on insufficient budgetary allocation for the armed forces, saying defence expenditure this year was the lowest since 1962 and the country cannot afford complacency when it needs to be prepared for a two-front war.
the draft report was adopted by the panel today and will now be placed before parliament when it convenes for the monsoon session.
the strategic partnership model, launched in may 2017, envisages a key role for private players in building military platforms in india in partnership with major global defence companies.
india cannot afford to lag behind in defence preparedness in view of the intensity and complexity of its security challenges due to the current geo political environment, the panel said.
it added that there is urgent need to replace obsolete armaments with state of the art weapon systems for which substantial increase in capital budgeting is essential.
discussing budgetary allocation, the panel emphasised the need for allocating adequate financial resources for preparedness both for current needs and expansion.
the defence expenditure at 1.
56 per cent of gdp was at the lowest level since 1962 when india china war was fought.
in the current geo political scenario, a country of the size of india cannot afford complacency when it is a question of defence preparedness even for a two-front war while retaining its dominance in the indian ocean, the committee said in the report.
the committee also expressed concern at the slow pace of the increase in the indigenisation of the defence sector.
modernisation plans should be accorded the highest priority to enable the services to meet the challenges concerning safety and security of the country, it said.
dependence on foreign suppliers, particularly for military hardware, not only results in expenditure on the import of defence equipments but makes the security of the country vulnerable during emergency situations as the supplier may not provide the required weapons or spare parts, it said.
finance minister arunjaitley has allocated rs 2.
95 lakh crore this year for the defence budget, an increase of 7.
81 per cent over last years rs 2.
74 lakh crore.
captain amarinder singh (pti photo/file) captain amarinder singh (pti photo/file)chief minister captain amarinder singh tells man aman chhina that he is looking at ways and means of generating revenue for the state given the kind of financial situation that his government has inherited.
cost-cutting and reviving the industry are some of the ways in which he intends to put the finances back on track, apart from reviving confidence in the state administration.
what is your appreciation of the financial position of the state?
we had been busy with the closing of the financial year on march 31 and now the treasury is open again.
but that does not mean we are out of the woods because of the mess left by the previous government.
there is a debt of around rs 1,83,000 crore.
when i left the government, we had a debt of rs 40,000 crore and near rs 1,40,000 crore has been added in the past ten years.
the akali-bjp government not only sold off the land of the state but they also mortgaged revenue of certain departments for several years, including the mandi board.
so, we have to increase our revenues and tighten our belt.
how will you increase revenue?
this is going to be a multi-pronged strategy.
we are going to diversify in agriculture and go for the farm-to-fork initiative for which we have had talks with mukesh ambani.
we are also going to get similar initiative for horticulture which the previous government had shut down.
i do not know whether tropicana will come in or not because the previous guys have scared them off.
but we will find some other people.
for industry, i am going to mumbai where i will be meeting heads of 12 industrial establishments, which is in addition to the meetings held with the adani group and mitsubishi.
last time when we came to power we were in a similar situation.
this time too we will have to tackle it, create jobs and also deal with the 2019 parliamentary elections that are approaching.
how will you tighten purse strings?
non-essential costs will have to be cut in order to control the spending and conserve the finances.
we will think of ways and means to do so.
our priority areas in governance are education and health.
we will have to think out of the box to reduce our expenses.
are you sure that the nda government at the centre will extend all possible help?
i am quite sure.
when i met finance minister, arunjaitley , regarding the cash credit limit he had the secretary (banking) and the secretary (finance) present and directed them to take necessary steps.
i have since then spoken to him two or three times on phone and he has always responded with the required efforts.
i hope this cooperation will continue.
what sort of administrative machinery have you inherited?
the akali-bjp government had messed up the entire system with their halqa-incharges.
we are changing all that.
we will set up a commission that will investigate all fake firs and whoever is guilty will have to face the music.
the officials now realise that a change has taken place.
most of these young dcs and ssps have not seen any other government than the akali-bjp one for the past 10 years.
unlike akalis, i believe in chain of command.
if i have any issue, i speak to the dgp unlike the akalis, who would speak directly to even an sho.
aap has attacked you over the large number of advisers you have appointed.
how do you respond?
i do not care about these guys or what phoolka or kejriwal or khaira say.
what does phoolka know?
he has been mla for two weeks while i have been around for 48-50 years.
the father-son duo of parkash singh badal and sukhbir singh badal had 27 chaps with them, 13 with the father and 14 with the son.
sukhbir badal says his party can still change dcs and ssps.
your response?
he can say what he wants.
it is all bluster.
he has been in power for so long now that he is out, he is unnerved.
in your previous government, you had fostered close relations between india and pakistan punjab.
do you intend to do so again?
i would like to do that.
i had gone to punjab province (in pakistan) on their invitation after speaking to our then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and had developed good terms with the then (punjab province) chief minister chaudhary pervez elahi.
next year, elections are due in pakistan and if imran khans party comes to power, there are slim chances of good terms because he is a hardliner.
but if nawaz sharif and his brother shahbaz sharif, who is chief minister of punjab province, come back to power, we can talk.
b'p chidambaram was a guest at the express adda in mumbai last week, where he spoke about nationalism not being the preserve of any party, the ishrat jahan case and the churn that our universities are going through.
this edition of the express adda, held at express towers, nariman point, mumbai, saw former union minister and senior congress leader p chidambaram in conversation with the indian express national opinion editor vandita mishra and national affairs editor p vaidyanathan iyer.
chidambaram took questions from a select audience, speaking about reservations in universities, nationalism, banking reforms, and the challenges facing the indian economy.
anil agarwal, vedanta resources plc and chairman emeritus, vedanta ltd, with p chidambaram anil agarwal, vedanta resources plc and chairman emeritus, vedanta ltd, with p chidambaramon the suspension of aimim mlajawaharlal nehru explained bharat mata ki jai by saying bharat mata means the people of india and the slogan bharat mata ki jai is victory to the people of india.
i dont think anyone has any quarrel or qualms about saying victory to the people of india.
but when a political party appropriates that slogan and says this is the definition of patriotism, then i reject that definition.
i think on more careful reflection, the (maharashtra) assembly should not have suspended that mla (aimim mla waris pathan, after he refused to chant bharat mata ki jai).
watch video | p chidambaram at express addaon bjp appropriating the nationalism plank(from left) prithviraj chavan, former chief minister of maharashtra, and anand jain, director, jai corp (from left) prithviraj chavan, former chief minister of maharashtra, and anand jain, director, jai corpwell, i dont think the bjp will succeed in appropriating the nationalism plank.
we have other powerful voices.
kanhaiya kumar in jnu is another powerful voice.
there are other voices in other colleges.
i think we are all patriots.
we all cherish our beliefs but refuse to be told that unless you raise a slogan you are not a patriot.
i would have no hesitation at all in saying bharat mata ki jai but i cant dictate to another person that unless you say bharat mata ki jai, you are not a patriot.
on afzal guru and the ban on the satanic versesas a member of the government, which prosecuted afzal guru, i am bound by the judgement of the supreme court.
but if another person holds an honest belief that the degree of involvement of afzal guru was not correctly determined or that the punishment imposed in his case was disproportionate, he has the right to hold that belief.
(on the rajiv gandhi government imposing the ban on salman rushdies the satanic verses) in hindsight, looking back 25 years although the context was very different.
i think banning books doesnt serve any purpose.
on gstof the three objections we have raised, practically everyone has endorsed two objections.
why cant the government endorse the two objections?
on the third objection, the only reason which the government gives is that there is no precedent.
but thats wrong.
the very bill introduced by mr arunjaitley  in one clause, he has put one per cent in the constitutional amendment bill.
that bill is the precedent.
if you look for another precedent, article 276 is a precedent, where for professional tax, the constitution imposes a cap.
therefore, the precedent argument is no argument.
rohini salian, public prosecutor (left), and meeran borwankar, director general of police (legal and technical), maharashtra police rohini salian, public prosecutor (left), and meeran borwankar, director general of police (legal and technical), maharashtra policeon the ishrat jahan casethe issue is not whether ishrat jahan was a terrorist or not.
the issue is, can anyone be killed in a fake encounter?
i can give you four examples in recent times when the government has framed the debate in a wrong way.
the issue in the university of hyderabad is not whether rohith vemula was dalit or non-dalit.
the issue was, can a first-generation learner from a poor background be driven to such desperation by an insensitive university administration that he is forced to commit suicide?
on the changing profile of college campusesthe composition of our universities has changed.
and i dont think any of us recognise the change.
except in the southern states and in one or two other states, where there has been reservation for quite sometime, by and large, universities did not give space to people from the background of rohith vemula or kanhaiya kumar.
what upa ii did when we introduced 50 per cent reservation in universities, was i think the most transformational social change of that period of indias history.
i was in iim, bangalore, a few weeks ago.
fifty per cent of the class today is from the scheduled caste, schedule tribe and obc.
these boys and girls are bringing a very different kind of experience into the universities.
guests at the express adda guests at the express addarohith vemula or kanhaiya kumar bring their childhood experience, the discrimination they faced, the neglect they faced, the struggles of their parents to the university.
imagine 20 years ago, a boy like kanhaiya kumar becoming jnusu president.
therefore, their world view, their experience, their struggles are different and that is getting reflected in universities today.
this is the storm that is gathering across the country.
the evidence of that storm is visible in universities and other public spaces.
it is not easy to get 5,000 or 10,000 students every third or fourth day on the streets of delhi.
but, these students are passionate and they are coming out on the streets on every third or fourth day.
that is the gathering storm i was referring to.
and if we ignore the storm, we ignore it at our peril.
on challenges facing the indian economyi dont question the csos figure.
i have been part of the government for many many years.
i dont question the integrity of those numbers but how many here feel in their bones that the indian economy is growing at 7.
5 per cent this year?
why are exports down from 15 months ago?
why is credit growth limping along at about 9 per cent?
why are the figures showing that sales are down six per cent?
you asked me what are the major challenges facing the indian economy.
i think there are three.
first is aggregate demand.
nothing has been done that addresses the issue of sluggish aggregate demand.
the second is private investment.
the chief economic advisor himself has admitted that two of the four engines of economic growth have virtually stalled  exports and private investments.
if investors are not willing to invest in india, that is the problem you should address.
the third problem is exports.
fifteen months in a row, never in indias history, have exports been negative.
on caste violence in tamil naduanant goenka, wholetime director and head of new media at the indian express (left), with prithviraj chavan anant goenka, wholetime director and head of new media at the indian express (left), with prithviraj chavanin many parts of india, we make our reformers into icons and we junk reforms.
its sad that the state that gave periyar ev ramasamy, who campaigned all his life for the abolition of caste, should have now descended into a virtual state of tribalism.
caste lines are more firmly drawn today than i can ever recall.
it happened about a couple of years ago with a vanniyar boy in dharampuri and it has happened again with a dalit boy and a thevar girl.
i am truly ashamed of whats happening in tamil nadu, especially people who kill because two young people have fallen in love and married but belong to different castes.
i married outside my caste and i remember with great pride that ev ramasamy wrote an editorial in his paper on that day, celebrating my marriage outside my caste.
but today, 45 years down the line, if people will kill because two young people, a boy and a girl belonging to different castes, have married, i think thats truly shameful.
on npas and banking reformsnpas didnt start with upa.
in fact, npa is a combination of nda and upa.
npas have turned for the worse after the global recession in 2008.
it so happens that the upa was in office in 2008 but whoever was in office, if there is a global recession, it will affect india, it will affect indias economy.
i dont think it is correct to say that npas have risen or npas have fallen and connect it to who was in government and who was not in government.
of course, there must be banking reforms.
but there has to be a consensus among the people of india that we must privatise our public sector banks.
i am afraid there is no consensus.
voice bankajit ranade | chief economist, aditya birla groupyour 97 budget is called the dream budget.
this was the first time that dividend income was made tax free in the hands of the receiver.
is it fair that someone who is getting a 100-crore dividend today is not paying any tax and someone who is getting a rs 3-lakh salary pays an income tax of perhaps 10 or 20 per cent?
dividends are taxed, except that they are taxed when the payment is made out, rather than in the hands of the recipients.
i think the cbdt came to the conclusion that dividend distribution tax is a more efficient way to collect the tax than dividend tax.
and i fully endorse that view.
tj ravishankar | director, jn tata endowment trustwhy is it that when we talk about npas in india, the focus is only on the public sector banks?
dont you think it is time people also look at private sector banks?
i am sure the rbi looks at private banks also.
but i think as a broad statement, the npas of public sector banks are much higher than those of private sector banks.
the reason is that private sector banks do not lend to those sections whom the public sector banks lend.
private sector banks dont lend that much to agriculture and to weaker sections.
public sector banks have certain social obligations, which require them to lend to certain sections, which is why npas are higher in public sector banks but nobody is excusing npas of private sector banks either.
i am sure the rbi will look at their books also.
feroz abbas khan | theatre and film directorsince you were also the home minister, is armed forces (special powers) act (afspa ) a part of kashmirs problem or part of its solution?
i wonder how may of you have read afspa.
it empowers an officer to use force even to the causing of death.
i have not come across any law in any civilised countries which carried those words.
a police force is not expected to use force even to the causing of death.
it can only use force which is proportionate.
i think afspa is a blot on our country.
it should go, lock stock and barrel.
it can be replaced by a more humane law.
in fact, the then nsa and i drafted the amendments to afspa.
i am quite clear in my mind that afspa has no place in a civilised society.
ambi parmeswaran | executive director and ceo, draftfcb ulkathere are 36 million income tax assesses in the country according to a report and 90 per cent do not pay any taxes, 2 per cent declare an income of rs 20 lakh and you have said that 42,800 admit to a taxable income of rs 1 crore.
why did your government not use data to make the other 28 million people to pay tax?
we did.
look at the number of tax paying assesses when upa took office and when upa demitted office, there is a considerable increase.
the highest tax to gdp ratio was when i was finance minister  11.
9 per cent.
we took it up from 8.
5 per cent.
but since then the economic downturn, the global recession, has affected it.
but every effort must be made to raise the tax to gdp ratio.
so, we must continue to press the accelerator to get more direct taxes.
none of the top leaders of the opposition were present in the upper house when the enemy property (amendment and validation) bill, 2016, which amends the enemy property act, 1968, was taken up.
none of the top leaders of the opposition were present in the upper house when the enemy property (amendment and validation) bill, 2016, which amends the enemy property act, 1968, was taken up.
with just 31 members present, the rajya sabha friday passed a bill to amend a 49-year-old law to guard against claims of succession or transfer by heirs of property left behind by those who migrated to pakistan and china, amid a walkout by the handful of opposition members.
registering their protest, the congress and left parties alleged the government had pushed the bill in violation of an understanding within the business advisory committee (bac), and on a friday afternoon when the house was near-empty.
what else is making newswe strongly protest.
this is against the decision of the bac.
the chair had directed in the bac thursday that the government will talk to the opposition and this will be taken up only after a consensus is reached.
the opposition will meet on this.
not only will we protest, we will take it up with all our numbers and strength, congress deputy leader in the rajya sabha anand sharma told the indian express.
cpi(m) parliamentary party leader sitaram yechury said, the bill was passed in a very clandestine manner.
in the bac, they had agreed that the matter will be shelved because it is a very sensitive issue.
the general impression was that they were not going to bring it.
but contrary to the understanding in the bac, they smuggled it in today at the end of the private member business when there are virtually nobody in the house.
this is a total sleight of hand and betrayal of the assurance that they gave.
the government has broken mutual trust, said cpis d raja.
none of the top leaders of the opposition were present in the upper house when the enemy property (amendment and validation) bill, 2016, which amends the enemy property act, 1968, was taken up.
arguing that it be deferred, congresss jairam ramesh pointed to the absence of senior members, including the leader of opposition, in the house.
therefore, the bill should be taken up for discussion and passed on the next working day, he said.
rameshs views were echoed by other mps, including sps javed ali khan and trinamool congresss sukhendu shekhar roy.
but the government appeared determined to pass the bill, and a number of its ministers were present in the house, including rajnath singh, arunjaitley , manohar parikkar, j p nadda, m venkaiah naidu, suresh prabhu, piyush goyal, prakash javadekar, ananth kumar and mukhtar abbas naqvi.
after the amended bill was passed by a voice vote, it was returned to the lok sabha for final passage just before it was adjourned for the day.
explaining the rationale behind the urgency to get the bill passed, finance minister and leader of the house arunjaitley said the ordinance effecting the amendments in the act would lapse on march 14, 2017, and that this was a security issue.
jaitley said the right of enemy property should vest in the government and not in the heirs of citizens of enemy countries.
home minister rajnath singh, who was supposed to reply to the debate on the bill, said that there was no further need for him to elaborate since the leader of the house has already explained about the bill.
the bill was passed by the lok sabha last march.
the rajya sabha had sent it to a select committee, following whose recommendations, the government had moved a number of amendments.
one of the proposed amendments is that once enemy property is vested in the custodian, it shall continue to be vested in him as enemy property irrespective of whether the enemy, enemy subject or enemy firm has ceased to be an enemy due to reasons such as death.
the new bill ensures that the law of succession does not apply to enemy property; there cannot be transfer of any property vested in the custodian by an enemy or enemy subject or enemy firm; and, the custodian shall preserve the property till it is disposed of in accordance with the act.
the bill also prohibits civil courts and other authorities from entertaining disputes related to enemy property.
b'pnb had issued as many as 41,178 lous since 2011, of which 1,590 were given to nirav modi, mehul choksi and their associates.
pnb had issued as many as 41,178 lous since 2011, of which 1,590 were given to nirav modi, mehul choksi and their associates.
scam-hit punjab national bank had issued as many as 41,178 letters of undertaking (lous) since 2011, of which 1,590 were given to nirav modi, mehul choksi and their associates, the finance ministry has said.
fraudulent lous of the state-owned pnb were used by diamantaire nirav modi and his associates to defraud the bank of about rs 13,000 crore.
following the scam, the reserve bank has stopped banks from issuing lous and letters of comfort for trade finance.
further, pnb has informed that the details regarding money withdrawn from the foreign branch of the other banks against each lou is presently not available as the matter is under investigation, said the reply made available today.
jaitley also said the reserve bank of india (rbi) has informed that it does not have complete/granular details of lous issued by pnb since 2011 till may 2014 and thereafter.
the nda government had assumed office in may 2014.
in reply to another question, minister of state for finance shiv pratap shukla said that as per pnb, the total number of lous issued to the companies of nirav modi, his relatives and the nirav modi group are 1,213, and to mehul choksi, his relatives and the gitanjali group are 377.
he further said that as per pnb inputs, the amount of repayment made by the companies against each lou cannot be currently ascertained as the matter is under investigation.
shukla further said pnb has apprised that payment of lou is a contingent liability and may fall back upon the bank on due date only if the same is not paid on or before due date by the buyer.
(file photo) (file photo)a jd(u) member in rajya sabha on friday asked the government to appointment a regular defence minister, while expressing concern over some recent incidents of fire in ordnance factories.
raising the issue during the zero hour, harivansh said the nda government had come to power raising issues relating to defence and it should pay serious attention to defence matters.
however, the country has not been provided with a regular defence minister, he said.
finance minister arunjaitley has been given additional charge of the defence ministry after manohar parrikar resigned to become chief minister of goa.
earlier too, arunjaitley had held additional charge of the defence ministry.
harivansh said there have been over 15 incidents of fire in the last 20 years in ordnance factories, including two in the recent past.
he said there was a serious incident at the ordnance factory in jabalpur where a team had to be sent from delhi to quell the fire.
a major tragedy was averted as the fire had broken out close to a building which had about 12,500 bombs, he said.
harivansh referred to another blaze in maharashtra earlier and asked why such incidents were happening.
finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18, in new delhi on wednesday.
(source: pti) finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18, in new delhi on wednesday.
(source: pti)as many as 156 senior officials of various state-owned banks have been suspended and 41 transferred after they were found involved in irregularities related to demonetisation, parliament was informed on friday.
certain bank officials have been found involved in irregularities relating to demonetisation.
on the basis of prima facie involvement in the irregularities, public sector banks (psbs) are so far reported to have placed 156 officials under suspension and to have transferred 41 officials, finance minister arunjaitley said in the lok sabha.
watch what else is in the newspsbs are also reported to have filed 26 cases with police/cbi wherever criminal cases are involved, he added.
rbi has further informed that the banks have initiated internal investigation and complaints have been filed with police/cbi, he pointed out.
rbi had advised the banks to take action to prevent/detect/contain the malpractices or wrongdoing by staff in branches exchange/deposit of sbns.
in the said circular, banks were also advised to strengthen the internal/concurrent audit process including random visits/scrutinies so as to detect and avoid any malpractice in the exchange/deposit of sbns in the branches.
following the decision of the government to demonetise old rs 500 and rs 1000 notes from mid night of november 8, people had deposited invalid notes into banks.
b'photo for representational purpose photo for representational purposehaving made no reference to the defence budget in his budget speech last year, much to the chagrin of many, finance minister arunjaitley made an almost passing reference to it when he presented the union budget on february 1.
at rs 2,74,114 crore, excluding the outlay of rs 85,740 crore for defence pensions, the allocation is prima facie inadequate, though not surprising.
in his medium-term fiscal policy statement last year, the fm had stated that the total defence expenditure is estimated at about 1.
6 per cent of gdp in 2017-18 and 2018-19.
if that is any consolation, the proposed defence outlay does not disappoint at least on that score.
many defence analysts, and even the standing committee on defence, have been rooting for defence outlays to be pegged at three per cent of gdp  while that seems unlikely in the near future, focus on this demand overshadows many other concerns.
the first reaction has been how it would adversely affect modernisation of the armed forces.
unfortunately, repeated underutilisation of the capital budget weakens the case for higher allocations for new acquisitions.
it is not uncommon to hear that underutilisation of the capital budget is because of the finance ministrys machinations, which wouldnt let big contracts be approved, so it could withdraw huge sums from the mod to meet the fiscal target.
even if this is true, the mod needs to address this problem before it can make a convincing case for more funds.
going by the revised estimate for the current year, underutilisation of the capital budget is likely to be close to rs 7,000 crore; for the last year, it was double.
there is no doubt the allocated amount would be insufficient if all contracts in the pipeline get signed during the next fiscal.
but this is not as serious as the apparent inadequate allocation for maintenance of equipment currently in use.
there is an immediate requirement for funds for this purpose.
this is also the case with war wastage reserves, including ammunition stock.
the allocation on this for 2017-18 is largely the same as last year  it is difficult to visualise how the situation is going to be managed.
there has been focus on make in india in defence as well.
an important component re projects that can be undertaken by indian industry for indigenous design and development of prototypes of defence products with government funding.
since its introduction, no development contract has been signed so far for any make project and with a meagre allocation of rs 44.
63 crore for assistance to prototype development, it seems the mod isnt expecting many projects.
the budget is not just about numbers.
it is also a statement of the governments vision.
it is intriguing that while the finance minister chose to refer to two quite innocuous schemes, the centralised defence travel system and the interactive pension disbursement system, there was no mention of important policy issues like the strategic partnership scheme and defence technology fund.
that more than 50 per cent of the total expenditure on defence will go in salaries and pensions  ironically, without resulting in high satisfaction  is also serious enough to warrant a statement on how the government intends to cope.
what is needed is an outcome-oriented monitoring of utilisation of outlays, as recommended by the standing committee last year.
this is the only way to ensure that the focus shifts from ensuring full utilisation of funds to spending these wisely on the desired outcomes  there is no indication that this is going to happen in the coming year.
it is possible that these impressions are wrong, in which case the ministry owes it to the services, the common citizen, and indeed, to itself, to set the record straight.
uk foreign secretary, boris johnson.
(ap file photo) uk foreign secretary, boris johnson.
(ap file photo)british foreign secretary boris johnson will visit new delhi to set out uks vision for a global britain and a strengthened relationship with india and the region in a keynote speech at the raisina dialogue.
he will hold talks with indian prime minister narendra modi and indian ministers, including finance minister arunjaitley and minister of state for external affairs m j akbar, to continue working towards the ambitious partnership that prime ministers theresa may and narendra modi committed to during her visit to india last november.
watch what else is in the newshe will also meet young indian entrepreneurs and civil society leaders, as well as hosting a breakfast for british and indian business representatives and investors.
on thursday, the foreign secretary will travel to kolkata where he will meet chief minister of west bengal mamata banerjee.
he will also meet representatives of the cricket association of bengal and attend a debating competition featuring teams from cambridge university and the london school of economics marking the bicentenary of presidency university.
the foreign secretary said: its a tremendous pleasure to be back in india, a wonderful, beautiful and thriving country.
as two modern, diverse democracies, the uk and india are natural partners and we are committed to working together to promote our peoples prosperity, improve global security and tackle the challenges that both our countries face today.
as well as a trade relationship worth 16 bn, indian companies have already created more than 100,000 jobs in the uk and sent 160,000 of the brightest and best students to our world class universities over the last 10 years.
i have no doubt that the uk and india share an exciting future together on the world stage.
b'prime minister narendra modi.
(source: ani) prime minister narendra modi.
(source: ani)asserting indias stand in tackling climate change, prime minister narendra modi on friday said same set of rules cannot be applied to all countries uniformly even as he identified poverty as the biggest challenge for environment.
modi said sometimes the concern for environment was defined narrowly while making a strong pitch for climate justice, addressing a conference on sustainable development which was attended by chief justice of india t s thakur among others.
suggesting a balanced approach in combating climate change, he said every country has its own challenges and ways to dealing with them and if we apply the same set of rules for all countries and for all people, it will not work.
noting that a path becomes sustainable, if all stakeholders are benefited, he also added a word of caution saying the stake should be natural and inherent and it cannot be stretched to include those who may be working with ulterior motives.
india has been maintaining that the developed countries have been historical polluters and they should contribute more to address the problem of climate change.
the rule of law dictates that no one can be punished for anothers misdeed.
we need to recognise that there are many people who are least responsible for the problem of climate change.
they are also the people who still wait for access to modern amenities, the prime minister said.
he said the poor, vulnerable and marginalized groups have fewer resources to cope with climate disasters and that their present and future generations are also burdened by laws and agreements on environment.
that is why i talk about climate justice.
moreover, the rules, laws, practices and principles of one country cannot be applied to another uniformly, modi said.
the prime minister also chose the occasion to highlight his governments commitment towards poverty eradication and linked it with environment protection.
i am sure all of us agree that poverty is the biggest challenge for environment.
therefore, eradication of poverty is one of the fundamental goals of my government.
guided by our core values, we are working towards achieving this goal with sincerity.
we want to ensure a conducive environment for 1.
25 billion indians to develop, and prosper, he said.
speaking at the event, environment minister prakash javadekar said judiciary, legislative and executive must respect each other, see each others restraint and concerns as he talked about the gap between indias population and natural resources available for development.
finance minister arunjaitley pitched for achieving balance between developmental needs and environmental concerns to reconcile the contradictions between ideal ecology and ideal economy.
modi, whose government had feuds with section of ngos said, in modern terminology, there is a word called stakeholder.
a path becomes sustainable, if all stakeholders are benefitted.
however, i must add a word of caution here.
the stake should be natural.
it should be inherent.
it cannot be stretched to include those who may be working with ulterior motives.
nature is pure.
hence, only pure intentions can keep it intact.
addressing the international conference on rule of law for supporting 2030 development agenda, modi said that the problems being faced in india are not unique as other civilizations have also faced similar problems and were able to overcome them.
expressing confidence that india will succeed through its collective efforts, modi emphasized, while doing so, we must ensure that we avoid contradictions between our need to develop and develop sustainably.
noting that the workshop is being organized soon after two important international agreementsparis agreement on climate change and the agreement on sustainable development goals, the prime minister said this conference provides a timely and useful opportunity to discuss the way forward and is important not only in the national context but also in the global context.
referring to indias tradition of living in harmony with nature, the prime minister said respect for nature is an integral part of its culture, and has been passed across generations and protection of nature comes naturally to indians.
i have always felt that anything which is notsustainable cannot be called development.
anything which compromises on the ability of future generations to meet their requirements cannot be called development.
we in india have always believed in sustainability.
for us, the law of nature holds great value.
if we all observe it, then many man-made laws will not be required.
the problems of environment are largely the effect of our consumptive lifestyles.
if we want to make a meaningful impact, we all need to look within; before we read the books of law, modi said.
the prime minister said that his government wants to ensure a conducive environment for 1.
25 billion indians to develop and prosper.
we are encouraging education, skill development, digital connectivity and entrepreneurship to provide an enabling ecosystem for our youth to blossom.
we aim to do all this in a ustainable manner, he said.
sustainable development is our responsibility.
i am confident that we can achieve it collectively, the prime minister adding it is our moral responsibility to ensure that we leave a healthy planet for future generations.
b'the sale of electoral bonds comes ahead of elections in a number of states through the year.
(illustration by manali ghosh) the sale of electoral bonds comes ahead of elections in a number of states through the year.
(illustration by manali ghosh)the first sale of electoral bonds will start from march 1 for a period of 10 days at four main branches of state bank of india in chennai, kolkata, mumbai and new delhi, the finance ministry said in a statement on thursday.
these bonds will have a life of 15 days, and a citizen of india or an entity incorporated or established in the country can purchase them.
the sale of electoral bonds comes ahead of elections in a number of states through the year.
elections in tripura were held on february 18.
nagaland and meghalaya will go for polls on february 27.
karnataka is likely to go to the polls in april-may followed by elections in madhya pradesh, rajasthan, chhattisgarh and mizoram later in the year.
these bonds can be bought after fulfilling all the existing know your customer (kyc) norms and making payments from a bank account.
it will not carry the name of the payee.
it may be noted that electoral bond shall be valid for fifteen days from the date of issue and no payment shall be made to any payee political party if the bond is deposited after expiry of the validity period.
the bond deposited by any eligible political party to its account shall be credited on the same day, the ministry said.
the sbi has been allowed to issue and encash electoral bonds initially at its four authorised branches.
the government said eligible political parties can encash electoral bonds only through their bank accounts.
only registered political parties, which have secured not less than 1 per cent of the votes polled in the last election of the lok sabha or legislative assembly of the state, will be eligible to receive electoral bonds.
the share of the national rural health mission (nrhm) in total health expenditure has fallen from 52 per cent in 2015-16 to 44 per cent this year.
(illustration by c r sasikumar) the share of the national rural health mission (nrhm) in total health expenditure has fallen from 52 per cent in 2015-16 to 44 per cent this year.
(illustration by c r sasikumar)if the past three union budgets were any indication, this budgets approach to the health sector should not have surprised anyone.
the prescription in the national health policy (nhp) 2017 to increase the governments (centre and the states together) health expenditure from the existing 1.
15 per cent of the gdp to 2.
5 per cent by 2025 finds no reflection in this budget.
instead of spending at least 1 per cent of the gdp as proposed by the draft nhp document, the provisions for health in union budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley on thursday has reduced allocation to 0.
29 per cent of the gdp from 0.
32 per cent last year.
the total nominal allocation for the health sector stands at rs 54,600 crore compared to last years expenditure of rs 53,294 crore.
accounting for inflation, there is no increase in budgetary allocation in real terms.
there is a further shift in priority from primary care to tertiary care, without any increase in overall allocations.
urban/city-based institutions received even greater priority in the budget.
allocation for the pradhan mantri swasthya suraksha yojana (building aiims-like institutes, upgrading government medical colleges etc) increased by rs 650 crore in nominal terms or by 18 per cent in real terms after adjusting for inflation.
on the other hand, funds for upgrading district hospitals were reduced by 14.
5 per cent in real terms, compared to last year.
the requirements of primary healthcare, particularly for rural areas, have been completely ignored.
the share of the national rural health mission (nrhm) in total health expenditure has fallen from 52 per cent in 2015-16 to 44 per cent this year.
its funds were cut even in nominal terms by almost rs 1,200 crore.
within the nrhm, cuts were quite drastic for reproductive and child healthcare (rs 2,291 crore in nominal terms, or 32 per cent in real terms) and for communicable diseases care (rs 720 crore in nominal terms, 28 per cent in real terms).
the budget proposed an increase of rs 1,356 crore for strengthening health systems under the nrhm.
one may presume that this will provide for the rs 1,200 crore the finance minister has budgeted for setting up the 1.
5 lakh health and wellness centres mentioned in his speech.
however, this works out to an average of rs 80,000 per centre.
their effectiveness in the absence of a strong supportive infrastructure remains questionable.
on the other hand, funds for the maintenance of infrastructure under nrhm have not been increased.
all of these mean that the existing shortfalls in public health and primary care facilities  20 per cent shortage of health sub-centres, along with 22 per cent and 30 per cent shortage of primary health centres and community health centres (as per rural health statistics 2016)  is unlikely to be addressed.
this reduction of public expenditure under nrhm is a death sentence for an already dying rural public health infrastructure.
nrhms urban counterpart, the national urban health mission (nuhm) has been allocated only rs 875 crore.
for the period from 2012-13 to 2016-17, its estimated average yearly budgetary requirement was rs 3,391 crore, provided from central funds.
in the allied sectors, the allocation for core icds has increased only slightly over the last year  by 4.
7 per cent in real terms after adjusting for inflation.
the national rural drinking water mission, the prime ministers flagship programme, swachh bharat mission (rural), and maternity benefits under the pradhan mantri matru vandana yojana saw reduced allocations in this years budget compared to last years expenditure.
one positive step is the introduction of nutrition support for tb patients, even though it is a meagre rs 500 per month per patient.
this continued neglect of public healthcare infrastructure and shifting the focus away from poorly developed primary healthcare to super specialty tertiary care will only clog secondary and tertiary public hospitals with diseases preventable or treatable at lower levels of health services.
while there is a need to expand public hospitals in tertiary care, it cannot be made at the cost of primary care.
the poor incur huge out-of-pocket expenditure due to non-availability of primary care services, the prime cause of the crisis in public health.
a lopsided expansion of high-end hospitals wont solve this problem.
amidst the overall neglect of the healthcare sector and public health, the government has pushed for publicly-financed health insurance as a substitute.
however, the allocation of rs 2,000 crore for health insurance under rsby does not seem to match the promise of a comprehensive national health insurance scheme with coverage up to rs 5 lakh per family for 10 crore families.
an earlier government estimate for rs 1 lakh coverage per family had proposed a much higher rs 4,800 crore per year.
insurance as a substitute for public infrastructure can be counter-productive.
an increased role for the unregulated private sector can inflate healthcare costs and push up insurance premiums, which are to be paid by the government.
this will stress the public exchequer.
assuring the private sector a market by paying the poors medical bills through insurances may help expand markets and revenues but not adequately make up for the absence of public infrastructure in under-served areas.
overall, in the absence of a strong public sector, a publicly-financed health insurance may end up primarily boosting private profits.
this budget reflects a flawed approach towards the health needs of a majority of indians.
b'the bill was referred to the standing committee before the nda government assumed office.
(representational photo) the bill was referred to the standing committee before the nda government assumed office.
(representational photo)more than two years after it was first introduced in parliament in the last days of the upa government, the nda has revived the hiv/aids (prevention and control) bill, 2014, which makes antiretroviral treatment a legal right of hiv/aids patients.
headed by finance minister arunjaitley , a group of ministers (gom) met for the first time wednesday evening to iron out the kinks in the bill, as pointed out by a parliamentary standing committee.
the bill makes it obligatory for the central and state governments to provide for antiretroviral therapy (art) and management of opportunistic infections (infections that take advantage of weakness in the immune system and occur frequently).
it prohibits specific acts of discrimination by the state, or any other person, against hiv-positive people, or those living with such people.
watch video: whats making newsantiretroviral therapy (art) consists of a combination of antiretroviral (arv) drugs to maximally suppress the hiv virus, and stop progression of the disease.
the protection mandated in the bill extends to the fields of employment, healthcare services, educational services, public facilities, property rights, holding public office, and insurance.
apart from arunjaitley , the gom includes defence minister manohar parrikar, science and technology minister dr harshvardhan, mos in prime ministers office jitendra singh, and law and justice minister ravishankar prasad.
the group will look into recommendations of the standing committee and ways to incorporate them in the existing bill before sending it back to the union cabinet.
the bill was referred to the standing committee before the nda government assumed office.
since the earlier standing committee could not take it up once the lok sabha was dissolved, an extension was granted until april 30, 2015.
the committee, among other things, makes a strong recommendation for the ministry to take up the matter with the insurance regulatory and development authority so that people with hiv/aids can buy health insurance.
the committee is of the opinion that all hiv-positive people should be provided insurance cover without any discrimination, preferably at normal rate of premium, or they may be charged (a) slightly higher rate of premium, the committee said in its 85th report, tabled in april 2015.
but under no circumstances, it added, should an exorbitant rate of premium be charged for insurance cover  for both life and health insurance.
the bill provides for confidentiality of hiv-related information and also makes it mandatory to get informed consent for undertaking hiv tests, medical treatment and research.
it lays down penal provisions for any discrimination practised against a person with hiv/aids and breach of confidentiality.
b'bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader subramanian swamy (source reuters) bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader subramanian swamy (source reuters)bjp mp subramanian swamy on sunday launched a fresh attack on chief economic advisor arvind subramanian, terming his continuance in job as tolerance.
arvind s called namo a mediocre leader, efficient in riots & asked us to grill india in wto for drug cos mkt access, is cea!
tolerance!
!
, swamy tweeted.
however, the appointment of kenya-born urjit patels appointment as new rbi governor getting support of swamy surprised many as the vocal bjp mp had targetted outgoing rbi governor raghuram rajan saying the former imf economist was mentally not fully indian and was holding us green card.
after rajan announced that he will not opt for a second term, swamy had in late june trained his guns on arvind subramanian and demanded his sacking for allegedly taking anti-india stance when he was an imf economist at washington prior to joining the finance ministry.
finance minister arunjaitley had debunked swamys call for sacking subramanian saying government has full confidence in cea.
his advice to government from time to time has been of great value.
arvind s called namo a mediocre leader, efficient in riots & asked us to grill india in wto for drug cos mkt access, is cea!
tolerance!
!
subramanian swamy (@swamy39) august 21, 2016//platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsseemingly unrepentant swamy had then tweeted: if an indian, held patriotic, can advise a foreign nation where he works, to twist indias arm, is to be forgiven, then i suspend my demand.
subramanian was appointed cea by the bjp government in october 2014 after his predecessor rajan moved to the rbi as governor in september 2013.
swamy had been attacking rajan over his inflation-centric monetary policy and accused him of being mentally not fully indian as he was in the country on a us green card.
the government on saturday elevated rbi deputy governor urjit patel as the 24th governor of the reserve bank.
he will succeed rajan who demits office on september 4.
when one of the twitterati sought to target swamy in a tweet saying: double standards of @swamy39, who attacked #raghuramrajan for being a greencard holder though indian citizen and another for #urjitpatel, swamy replied: if you cant tell the difference then you are in the buddhu class.
on saturday, in a string of retweets and replies to his twitter followers, swamy said it would be utter idiotic to think he would attack patel because he was born in kenya.
when one of his twitter followers criticised patel for being a kenyan national, swamy replied: he is not kenyan citizen but was.
r3 was born indian & chose to continue his us green card even though in india from 2007.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photo finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photoaiming to keep most items, especially those of mass consumption, at affordable prices, the states and the centre evolved a consensus on the first day of the 14th goods and services tax (gst) council meeting on thursday to keep 81 per cent of a total of 1,211 items at the modal tax rate of 18 per cent or below.
the council also gave final approval to seven rules pertaining to registration, payment, refund, invoice debit, credit note, input tax credit, valuation, and composition scheme  essential prerequisites for the industry to gear up for the transition to gst.
two rules on transition provisions and returns have been sent for legal vetting.
read | rates for 6 items to be finalised; no levy on milk, bread, cerealsfoodgrains, including cereals and jaggery, have been exempted with a zero per cent tax slab, while essential items of normal sugar, tea, coffee and edible oil have been placed in the 5 per cent tax slab.
the gst on items such as toothpaste, soap and hair oil will be 18 per cent as against the present total tax incidence of 28 per cent and above.
coming down hard on tobacco, cigarettes and cars, the council decided on the cess rates for demerit and luxury items.
a cess of 204 per cent has been proposed for pan masala gutkha; cigarettes not exceeding 65 mm will attract a cess of 5 per cent plus rs 1,591 per thousand.
small petrol cars with an engine capacity of less than 1200 cc will attract 1 per cent cess, and those with a diesel engine capacity of less than 1500 cc will attract 3 per cent cess.
large cars with an engine capacity greater than 1500 cc, and suvs with a length of more than 4 m and engine capacity greater than 1500 cc, will attract a cess of 15 per cent.
motorcycles with an engine capacity of more than 350 cc will attract 3 per cent cess and an equal amount of levy will be applied on aircraft for personal use and yachts.
a decision on the tax rate for six categories of items, including gold, beedi, textile, footwear, agricultural implements and packaged/branded food items, was kept in abeyance and is likely to be taken up for discussion on friday.
during the course of thursdays meeting, some states objected to the categorisation of all packaged/branded food items in the 5 per cent category, considering flour, especially wheat flour, is an item of mass consumption, said a state finance minister.
also, some states raised concerns regarding the impact of categorisation of items in the tax slabs of zero, 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent on their respective revenues, another state finance minister said, adding that there are concerns among states whether these rates are revenue-neutral or not.
there is no increase.
on many commodities, there is a reduction particularly because the cascading effect of tax on tax is gone.
several commodities, we have consciously brought down the tax.
in the overall basket, there would be a reduction but we are banking on the hope that because of a more efficient system, evasion would be checked and tax buoyancy would go up.
that, despite reduction the revenue neutrality and tax buoyancy thereafter would be maintained.
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said that about 7 per cent of the total 1,211 items have been exempted, 14 per cent of the items are in the 5 per cent tax slab, 17 per cent of total items are in 12 per cent tax slab.
about 43 per cent of items will attract 18 per cent tax rate, while only 19 per cent will be in the 28 per cent tax slab, he added.
citing the crucial role of coal in power and industrial production, adhia said, the tax rate on coal has been reduced significantly to 5 per cent from the existing tax incidence of 11.
69 per cent.
the cess on coal, which was earlier decided by the council to be levied at rs 400/tonne, will continue to be imposed and the collections would flow into the compensation fund, he added.
during the course of the meeting, many states presented region-specific proposals.
j&k proposed to keep handloom and handicrafts in the zero per cent category, a demand which was supported by north-eastern states.
uttar pradesh proposed that cotton yarn, silk yarn, puja material be exempted under the gst regime.
finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arunjaitley union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendra modi, on wednesday approved a two per cent hike in dearness allowance for government employees and pensioners from january 1, 2017.
the approval was for the release of an additional installment of dearness allowance (da) to central government employees and dearness relief (dr) to pensioners with effect from january 1, 2017.
this increase is in accordance with the accepted formula, which is based on the recommendations of the 7th central pay commission.
the combined impact on the exchequer on account of both dearness allowance and dearness relief would be rs. 5,857.
28 crore per annum and rs.6,833.
50 crore in the financial year 2017-18 (for a period of 14 months from january, 2017 to february, 2018).
this will benefit about 48.
85 lakh central government employees and 55.
51 lakh pensioners.
the cabinet also approved special assistance for andhra pradesh in funding of externally aided projects & irrigation component of polavaram project.
it also cleared the indian institutes of information technology (public- private partnership) bill, 2017.
the cabinet committee of economic affairs approved six laning of handia-varanasi section of nh-2 in uttar pradesh.
b'state finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu on saturday told reporters that his party would expose the centre by putting out facts and figures before the people.
state finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu on saturday told reporters that his party would expose the centre by putting out facts and figures before the people.
telugu desam party (tdp), which decided to walk out of the government at the centre over the denial of special category status to andhra pradesh, on saturday said it would expose the centre on what it has done or not done for the state, as promised in the ap reorganisation act, 2014.
state finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu on saturday told reporters that his party would expose the centre by putting out facts and figures before the people.
withdrawing from the central government was the first step we have to see what the second step will be.
our alliance is on but we will still fight (for securing the states rights from the centre), he said, after holding a meeting with chief minister and tdp chief chandrababu naidu and senior minister k kala venkata rao among others.
a source in tdp said the party will hold campaigns and distribute pamphlets on the centres contribution towards the state since its bifurcation.
we will tell people why we could not achieve more progress in these four years despite best efforts, the source said.
the finance minister also said that the party was severely hurt by finance minister arunjaitley remarks on assistance to the state.
we are hurt severely by jaitleys remarks.
not only us, entire people of ap are hurt, except (leader of opposition) ys jaganmohan reddy and the like, he said.
describing as unethical, the demand by ysr congress asking the tdp to move a no-confidence motion against the nda government at the centre, ramakrishnudu said, we are an alliance party, we have some ethical values.
moving or supporting a no-confidence motion will be unethical.
ramakrishnudu and rao also slammed ysrc chief jaganmohan reddy and said he was only trying to get the criminal cases against him quashed by planning to go under the bjp umbrella.
the tdp ministers alleged that ysr congress had mortgaged the interests of the state.
their talk about a no-confidence motion is ridiculous, the duo said.
b'union minister piyush goyal said the country is looking at ramping up its clean energy source significantly without compromising on safety of people while ensuring that power from this source is affordable.
(source: express photo) union minister piyush goyal said the country is looking at ramping up its clean energy source significantly without compromising on safety of people while ensuring that power from this source is affordable.
(source: express photo)india is looking at ramping up nuclear energy production in a big way with renewed thrust on clean energy resources, union minister piyush goyal on thursday said.
prime minister narendra modi has given nuclear energy a renewed thrust.
we got into nuclear engagement with us in 2008 but from 2008 to 2014 we have seen a hiatus now we are into missile technology regime the amount of progress done in the last two years is pronounced we are poised to enter into the nuclear age in a big way, power, coal and mines minister goyal said at infocom 2016 in new delhi.
goyal said the country is looking at ramping up its clean energy source significantly without compromising on safety of people and the government would ensure that power from this source is affordable.
watch video: whats making newswe will never compromise on safety of our people we will ensure power is affordable with these two caveats we are very keen to promote nuclear energy in a big way.
we are able to get uranium supplies, the minister said.
he added the country is close to setting a technology framework and is very close to getting into the nuclear suppliers group.
at the same time he said there was need to do away with fear psychosis and cited example that kerala does not permit any nuclear station while in jaitapur in maharashtra there is an agitation going on.
india at present has a nuclear power capacity of about 6,000 mw.
goyal said the country has significant resources of thorium in the southern coastline of tamil nadu but the technology is still not tested and tried.
he expressed hope that the technology would soon be proven so that the indigenous raw material, important for countrys energy security could be utilised fully.
he added that hydro-power is one sector which is also governments focus area and finance minister arunjaitley has convened a meeting on friday to discuss the hydro power sector.
goyal said four or five ministers besides officials will be present in the meeting.
b'finance minister arunjaitley tabling the union budget for 2017-18 in the parliament in new delhi on wednesday.
source: pti finance minister arunjaitley tabling the union budget for 2017-18 in the parliament in new delhi on wednesday.
source: ptiin the aftermath of demonetisation, the 2017-2018 budget was going to be a crucial one for the central government.
while presenting the budget on wednesday in the lok sabha, finance minister arunjaitley passingly mentioned the allocation of funds towards the protection of two significant and vulnerable groups of the population  women and children.
funds amounting to rs 1,84,633 crores will now be allocated to the welfare of women and children.
watch video | budget 2017: 5 things you need to understandfor indias development and progress, he underscored that focusing on women and the girl child is crucial.
women, particularly in rural india have to be empowered and therefore, be given employment opportunities, he said.
the government would invest rs. 500 crore towards establishing the mahila shakti kendras in rural areas in 14 lakh anganwadi centres.
beyond this however, there was no other mention about womens development programs.
it seems women entrepreneurs needs were completely sidelined.
quotas for women in the bimstec-saarc womens economic forum, should have been introduced to encourage women to compete with men in work spaces.
watch video | budget 2017: changes in personal tax rateswhile arunjaitley mentioned the central government will commission railways lines of 3,500 kms this year, and even stressed on tiny details like certain trains would be dedicated for religious tourism  there was no mention on how safety of women, particularly lone women travelers, in these railways would be improved or looked into.
last year, while the budget did focus on introducing schemes to fight girl trafficking, it shied away from allocating funds that would help implement the domestic violence act.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar offered jd(u)s support to the gst bill.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar offered jd(u)s support to the gst bill.
the government on tuesday continued with its efforts to build a consensus over the passage of the gst bill in this parliament session even as bihar chief minister nitish kumar met finance minister arunjaitley after which he offered jd (u)s support to the legislation.
however, congress remained non-committal on its support to the bill and hoped that the government given its mandate will show magnanimity in creating a platform where all the parties can come together and ensure that it gets passed.
amid governments outreach to get opposition support on the bill, kumar met arunjaitley , who earlier in the rajya sabha pitched for its expeditious passage to enable states get a share of the service tax which is not shared under the provisions of 14th finance commission.
watch video: whats making newswe have always supported the gst.
we supported it during the upa and support it now.
this is in the interest of the country and states.
our party fully supports it, the jd(u) chief told reporters after the meeting.
his party spokesperson k c tyagi said the bill should be passed in this session.
briefing reporters, congress spokesman gaurav gogoi said his party has stated its position prior to the session which was very clear and conveyed to the government.
the congress party wants to see the gst in principle to be enforced, a strong gst bill with strong enough provisions and we hope that the government given its mandate will show a magnanimity in allowing a different set of opinions and will allow that platform to be created so that all of us can come together and ensure that the gst gets passed, he said.
on whether the party was invited for more consultations, he said as of now he had no information regarding any further invitation by the government for a meeting.
earlier in the bjps parliamentary party meeting, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar had listed passage of the bill in the current session as a priority for government.
asserting that gst is in the interest of the nation, kumar later told reporters that the approach of all political parties including congress is positive towards this bill and the government was hopeful that there will be a consensus.
he had earlier said they will hold more meetings with opposition parties including congress to build a consensus on the gst bill.
we are ready to go the extra mile to build consensus over this bill, he had said.
the gst bill, which will help to create a single national sales tax to replace several state and central levies, has already been approved by the lok sabha and is pending in the upper house where the government doesnt have a majority.
it intends to convert 29 states into a single market through a new indirect tax regime, was earlier planned to be introduced from april 1, but the deadline was missed as the bill to roll it out remains in a limbo in the opposition- dominated rajya sabha.
after parliament approves the constitutional amendment to allow gst, it needs to be ratified by more than half of the states.
then, parliament must pass another bill to implement gst.
the government is also banking on support from smaller regional parties to pass the national sales tax legislation in the upper house of parliament and then get supporting laws enacted by the year-end so that gst is introduced from april 2017.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
express photo by tashi tobgyal finance minister arun jaitley.
express photo by tashi tobgyalfinance minister arunjaitley on friday said 4 psu banks are investigating from their branches whether money in some jandhan accounts was deposited by account holders themselves or by business correspondents to keep the number of zero-balance accounts low.
he was responding to a question on media report alleging that bankers in some branches of punjab and sind bank, punjab national bank, bank of baroda and bank of india have themselves deposited re 1 in the jandhan accounts to reduce the number of zero-balance accounts.
in case of few accounts, this issue has arisen and there are names of four banks.
we have asked them.
the banks are investigating from their branches whether account holders have put in money or business correspondents have done it.
he held a meeting with the heads of psu banks on friday to review the quarterly performance of lenders.
jaitley said there are 24 crore jandhan accounts but rs 42,000 crore have been deposited in them.
watch what else is making newsthose 24 crore accounts mostly have people from weaker sections.
now those people have deposited rs 42,000 crore in these accounts.
the figure of rs 42,000 crore cannot be arrived at by adding re 1, he said.
pmjdy, the flagship financial inclusion scheme of the government, aims to provide financial services, deposit accounts, remittances, credit and accident insurance to everyone.
it also seeks to inculcate a widespread banking habit and create credit histories of account holders, thereby facilitating them to access overdraft/credit from banks.
too much fuss about minor incidents here and there, feels bjp mp singh too much fuss about minor incidents here and there, feels bjp mp singhit has become a fashion for pseudo-secularists to raise their voice against cow protection vigilante groups, a senior bjp mp said in the lok sabha thursday.
these people have been making a mountain out of a molehill by shouting against minor incidents here and there, he said, referring to the reports on atrocities on dalits and muslims in the name of cow protection.
hukum singh, a senior party leader and a former minister in uttar pradesh, hit back at opposition leaders for not bothering to understand the pain of those who revere the cow but who choose to politicise any incident involving protection of cows.
watch video | congress leader k c venugopal gives adjournment motion notice in lok sabha over e ahameds deathspeaking during the debate on supplementary demands for grants, hukum singh, the first speaker from the bjp, brought up the atrocities committed against cows.
he said he himself had seen a herd of cows being transported in a truck from state to another.
at least 15 of them could have died and the dead cows could have been taken to slaughterhouses and sold as beef.
can there be anything more serious than this?
he said.
his comments provoked opposition mps who rose to protest, while the bjp mps shouted at them asking them to sit down.
try to understand bharat.
try to understand what gandhiji had said, rajendra agrawal, meerut mp, was heard shouting.
finance minister arunjaitley , who was present when the debate started, had left by the time these comments came.
if we demand action against such illegal activities, it will be termed suppression.
have you ever thought how much it hurt us?
why do you think it should not agitate us?
why do you not feel the pain, hukum singh said.
stressing that the cow provides the best nutritious food he said: why do you have so much hatred against cows?
shouldnt these acts against cows be punished?
now it has become a fashion to be a pseudo-secularist let me say bluntly, i come from a family that reveres cows.
there may be small or minor incidents here and there.
some people try to make a mountain out of a molehill and shout slogans against it.
this was an apparent reference to the oppositions outcry over the rising number of atrocities against dalits and muslims by cow vigilante groups, especially in bjp-ruled states.
hukum singh, who was an mla from up for seven terms, asked if it is not important, then why cow protection has been banned in many states.
there are politicians who made their programmes on these incidents.
.
but its not true secularism they are a blot on the name of secularism, he said.
the congresss k c venugopal, who initiated the debate, has warned the government that assaults in the name of cow protection and growing intolerance could hurt economic development.
manohar parrikar after taking oath as chief minister of goa at raj bhavan on tuesday evening.
express photo by nirmal harindran, panjim.
manohar parrikar after taking oath as chief minister of goa at raj bhavan on tuesday evening.
express photo by nirmal harindran, panjim.
coming out strongly against the supreme court order giving manohar parrikar an opportunity to win the goa trust vote on thursday, eminent jurist fali s nariman tuesday said that the constitution as well as judicial precedents laid down that the governor was obligated to call the leader of the single largest party first to form the government.
my understanding of the law and the precedents (benches of nine and five judges respectively) is that the governor of a state is under constitutional duty to first invite the leader of the single largest party to form the government, nariman told the indian express.
watch video |manohar parrikar takes oath as goa chief ministerin goa, the congress emerged as the single largest party, winning 17 of the 40 seats in the assembly.
the bjp, on the other hand, won only 13 seats but staked claim to form the government with the support of eight other legislators.
after parrikar submitted a list of 21 mlas in his support, governor mridula sinha issued a press release last saturday, appointing parrikar as the new chief minister and asked him to prove his majority in 15 days.
chandrakant kavlekar, leader of the congress legislature party, complained that he was not called even once by the governor to form the government or to be consulted on formation of a new government despite his being the single largest party in the state.
also watch|wrote to goa governor on march 12: congress goa chiefon being asked what could be the fault with the governors decision when the bjp staked claim before the congress did, nariman said the constitutional principle was not about who rushed first.
the governor, according to me, is under a constitutional duty to first invite the leader of the single largest party in the state, whether or not he or she is the first to stake claim.
nariman also wondered why the supreme court order on tuesday completely missed this point.
he also said that in the face of claim of 21 mlas led by manohar parrikar, goa governor couldnt have invited minority of 17 congress mlas to form government.
watch|goans protest appointment of new governmentalso read: manohar parrikar back in goa saddle, ordered to prove majority in house thursdaybut nariman disagreed.
his bewilderment over the court order not recording anything about asking the leader of the single largest party can stem from a body of constitution bench judgments delivered by the supreme court over decades.
a five-judge constitution bench, in the rameshwar prasad vs union of india, 2006, explicitly endorsed the recommendations made by the r s sarkaria commission in its report on centre-state relations, which had emphasised on impartiality of governors and their role in upholding the constitutional mandate.
the court, in its judgment, had rued that raj bhawans were becoming extensions of party offices and that political parties were not willing to accept reforms mooted by the sarkaria commission since they want to take advantage of the situation at a particular time and cry foul when the situation does not seem favourable to them.
later, the m m punchhi commission also enumerated what it called constitutional conventions to be followed by the governor in case of a hung assembly.
in case of a hung assembly, the punchhi commission prescribed:* the party or combination of parties which command the widest support in the legislative assembly should be called upon to form the government.
* if there is a pre-poll alliance or coalition, it should be treated as one political party and if such coalition obtains a majority, the leader of such coalition shall be called by the governor to form the government.
* in case no party or pre-poll coalition has a clear majority, the governor should select the chief minister in the order of preference indicated here  (a) the group of parties which had a pre-poll alliance commanding the largest number; (b) the largest single party staking claim to form the government with the support of others; (c) a post-electoral coalition with all partners joining the government; (d) a post-electoral alliance with some parties joining the government and the remaining including independents supporting the government from outside.
another five-judge bench, in the nabam rebia and bamang felix vs deputy speaker, arunachal pradesh legislative assembly & others, endorsed the views of the sarkaria and punchhi commissions regarding giving the governor an independent discretion to take a call on the floor test when the government has lost confidence of the legislature.
a nine-judge bench in the s r bommai case had underlined the significance of a floor test when there are rival claims by two political groups, while laying down that the floor test must be conducted by the governor as soon as possible.
as regards the weight of constitutional convention, a seven-judge bench, in supreme court advocates on record association vs union of india, 1993, had held that there is no distinction between the constitutional law and an established constitutional convention and both are binding in the field of their operation.
once it is established to the satisfaction of the court that a particular convention exists and is operating then the convention becomes a part of the constitutional law of the land and can be enforced in the like manner, it had said.
this view was buttressed by another five-judge bench judgment in supreme court advocates on record association vs union of india, 2016 when the top court emphasised the legal sanctity of constitutional convention.
while moving for adoption of the constitution of india, dr rajendra prasad, in his speech as president of the constituent assembly, had said: we have prepared a democratic constitution.
but successful working of democratic institutions requires in those who have to work them willingness to respect the viewpoints of others, capacity for compromise and accommodation.
many things which cannot be written in a constitution are done by conventions.
let me hope that we shall show those capacities and develop those conventions.
the way in which we have been able to draw this constitution without taking recourse to voting and to divisions in lobbies strengthens that hope.
addressing the conference of governors in june 2005, then president of india dr a p j abdul kalam had stressed the relevance of recommendations of the sarkaria commission and observed: while there are many checks and balances provided by the constitution, the office of the governor has been bestowed with the independence to rise above day-to-day politics and override compulsions either emanating from the central system or the state system.
us president donald trump.
(source: reuters) us president donald trump.
(source: reuters)hawaii judge halts donald trumps new travel ban before it can go into effectin a sort of deja vu for us president donald trump, his revised travel ban that seeks to ban refugees from six predominantly muslim countries has once again been blocked by a federal judge in hawaii.
a washington judge had stopped the enforcement of the earlier ban that caused immense hardship for even legal visa holders from muslim countries.
a lawsuit that was filed by the state of hawaii said the travel ban was in violation of the us constitution and discriminated against muslims.
read morecaptain amarinder singh (pti file photo) captain amarinder singh (pti file photo)captain amarinder singh takes oath today, h s phoolka is opposition leadercaptain amarinder singh is all set to tale oath as the chief minister of punjab on thursday, whereas aap legislature party has elected hs phoolka as the leader of opposition in the punjab assembly.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi and former prime minister dr manmohan singh are expected to lead the congress at the swearing-in ceremony.
chief minister of himachal pradesh virbhadra singh and former haryana cm bhupinder singh hooda, will also be present.
read moregoa chief minister goa chief minister manohar parrikar and congress general secretary digvijaya singh exit mandovi hotel, panjim.
express photo/nirmal harindrangoa floor test today, congress hurls casino money charge at bjpin accordance with the supreme court order earlier this week following the controversy over government formation in goa, the state assembly is all set for a floor test on thursday.
even as bjp mlas took oaths and settled down to their respective responsibilities, the congress said that the bjp had paid casino money to win over mlas to its side.
the bjp said it would not comment on the allegations as these were baseless.
the bjp, on the other hand, showed its strength as new ministers visited the secretariat.
manohar parrikar attended the days proceedings as he settled into the chief ministers chair.
newly inducted minister vijai sardesai of the goa forward party was at the secretariat meeting parrikar till late evening.
read moreimage for representational purposes.
image for representational purposes.
panama papers: 424 under probe, india gets data on 165 cases with links to offshore firmsalmost a year after the panama papers were published by the indian express, tax authorities have obtained 165 replies from among 13 jurisdictions where indian nationals had incorporated offshore companies through the panamanian law firm mossack fonseca.
according to data by the multi agency group (mag), the number of indian clients of mossack fonseca, whose pan numbers had been traced, has swelled to 424.
of these, 205 have accepted links to offshore entities named in the global expose.
however, 60 other indians named in the panama papers remain untraced.
the panama papers is an investigative project jointly pursued by the international consortium of investigative journalists (icij) and suddeutsche zeitung and over 100 media organisations, including the indian express.
read morepm pm narendra modi arrives for the cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
renuka puriin spite of bjps huge victory in uttar pradesh, cabinet reshuffle unlikely soondespite the opportunity at hand for prime minister narendra modi to bring about a major cabinet reshuffle following the victory in uttar pradesh, top sources in the government said such a rejig is unlikely to happen in a hurry.
with manohar parrikar shifting to goa following the elections, the buzz has been all about the reshuffle and the selection of ups chief minister.
home minister rajnath singh has denied speculation that he was moving to up.
however, sources said the speed with which finance minister arunjaitley was asked to take additional charge of the defence portfolio from parrikar suggests that modi will choose his time to effect a reshuffle.
there are several factors which can contribute to gdp in a particular quarter.
there was some slowdown visible even in the global and the domestic situation prior to demonetisation last year.
there are several factors which can contribute to gdp in a particular quarter.
there was some slowdown visible even in the global and the domestic situation prior to demonetisation last year.
1 per cent in the january-march quarter.
he expressed hope that the proposed goods and services tax (gst) will spur growth in the economy.
so let us not put the question with an erroneous premise.
there are several factors which can contribute to gdp in a particular quarter.
there was some slowdown visible even in the global and the domestic situation prior to demonetisation last year.
there was impact of global factors.
there could be some impact on one quarter or two quarters of one particular factor (demonetisation) which you mentioned.
there is also the impact of if you look at the growth of some sectors, the 9-10 per cent growth that was normally in services, especially in the financial sector, has come down.
the ability of banks itself was in question, he said.
data released by central statistics office (cso) on wednesday showed that financial, real estate and professional services grew at 2.
2 per cent in january-march 2016-17, down from 9.
0 per cent in the same quarter the previous year.
for the full year, growth for these services reduced to 5.
7 per cent from 10.
8 per cent a year ago.
so these are cumulative factors which came into play.
but i do believe in the current global situation, a seven-eight per cent growth, which is at the moment the indian normal, is a fairly reasonable, by global standards very good, (and) by our standards a very reasonable level of growth, he said.
the gst will not have any adverse impact on economic expansion, rather it will push up growth, he added.
president pranab mukherjee last month promulgated an ordinance amending the banking regulation act, 1949 to empower the reserve bank of india to resolve the thorny issue of npas or bad loans.
rbi was taking measures under the existing mechanism.
it is for the civil aviation ministry to explore various options, he said.
he said unless the opening of the fdi rules is accompanied by some reasonable possibility of getting orders, an investor is not going to set up an establishment in the country.
entry of foreign investors is linked to the kind of orders they will get and the only entity which can place the orders is the government of india.
there are no two procurers, there is only one and that is why the strategic partner policy now has been brought in as it will supplement the fdi policy, he said.
whether the strategic partner comes through the fdi route or the investor comes with just a technology tie-up, they would be free to do so, he added.
the bjp-led government in maharashtra is unlikely to accept the oppositions demand for a complete loan waiver for farmers, even as the yogi adityanath government in uttar pradesh tuesday gave the nod to keep a similar promise made in the run-up to the assembly polls in that state earlier this year.
sources in the government said chief minister devendra fadnavis had approached the centre last fortnight seeking a financial assistance to help 31 lakh farmers with an accumulated loan burden of rs 30,500 crore.
the matter is pending with union minister for finance arunjaitley , said an official.
the government has provided an enhanced allocation of rs 51 lakh crore crop loan benefiting 52 lakh farmers in 2016-17.
acknowledging that the centre would have to take an overall view if it extended a financial package to up, following similar demand from tamil nadu and karnakata, the government sources said a restructuring of loan to help small and marginal farmers was not being ruled out.
however, it will have to work out the interest rates and also wait for the centres aid, said an official.
at function in chandrapur tuesday, fadnavis came down heavily on the opposition.
just giving it a name of sangharsh yatra does not it make it a true sangharsh yatra.
the oppositions loan waiver demand is to hide their own financial scams.
prime minister narendra modi in rajya sabha prime minister narendra modi in rajya sabhaprime minister narendra modi spoke against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha on wednesday.
defending demonetisation, modi said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
earlier in the day, trinamool congress continued its protest against the note ban outside parliament.
trinamool mps were protesting against the restrictions on withdrawal of money from banks even after three months of note ban.
watch video | congress demands apology from pm modi over his remarks against dr manmohan singhin his reply to motion of thanks to presidents address in lok sabha, the prime minister had said on tuesday that it was high time to understand and appreciate the inherent strength of indias people and take the country to newer heights.
live updates7:16pm: rajya sabha adjourned till 11 am on thursday.
6:56pm: sheher tumhara, qaatil tum, shahid tum, haakim tum, mujhe yaqeen hai ki mera hi kasoor niklega: pm modi6:55pm: it is unbecoming of a pm to use such language for a former pm, unbecoming for anyone to say such harsh ugly statement: p chidambaram6:54pm: walked out as protest, such harsh and ugly comments not acceptable.
no pm in past made such comments about a former pm: p chidambaram on pm modis speech6:51pm: small countries like south korea and malaysia are models for us when it comes to cleanliness: pm modi in rs6:48pm: i do not want to speak: former pm manmohan singh on pm modis remarks on him in rajya sabha6:46pm: attacks on me, or govt are understandable, but why was the rbi governor dragged into politics?
: pm modi in rajya sabha6:40 pm women in villages didnt use to go out for defecation before sunset.
it was very painful.
now they have toilets in their house: pm6:39 pm i was shocked when opposition made fun of swacch bharat mission.
would you have carried the similar tone if mahatama gandhi would have been here?
but i thank media for promoting the mission: pm6:37 pm this government has launched several schemes to empower women in this country.
over 1 crore poor families have got lpg connection: pm6:30 pm earlier it used to take 6-8 months to get passport, now it takes just a week: pm6:24 pm rbi ex-governor had made serious allegations against previous government.
they should look at their record before accusing the present government of compromising with rbis authority: pmwatch video | pm narendra modis scathing attack at congress in lok sabha: heres what he said6:23 pm its very saddening to see people raising question on the integrity of institutions like rbi: pm6:23 pm our government started the bank board bureau: pm6:22 pm we should not have negative approach towards demonetisation and cashless economy.
other countries too are following.
we have to stay positive then only change will come: pm6:21 pm world moving towards cashless, paperless economy.
india should not stay behind: pm modi6:20 pm anand sharma ji was asking why are you spending crores on digital tech.
not a single extra penny was spent in development of bhim app.
we need to promote it more and more: pm6:20 pm cashless mean gradually taking the country towards fair practice.
just because there is inconvenience, we should not reject it: pm modilook at his arrogance, he chooses to speak when everyone else is done & then makes unsubstantiable allegations: kapil sibal, on pms speech pic.
twitter.com/zk8nic8vkk  ani (@ani_news) february 8, 20176:19 pm i urge opposition to join our fight against corruption: pm6:15 pm pm attacks congress for walkout; says if they breach decorum, they should have courage to listen to us.
6:08 pm congress protests against pm modis remark on manmohan singh, stages walk out.
uproar in rajya sabha over pms remark on manmohan singh pic.
twitter.com/oqajeiud6d  ani (@ani_news) february 8, 20176:06 pm not a single corruption charge against manmohan singh that too during the most corrupt government.
the art of taking bath wearing raincoat in bathroom can be learnt from manmohan singh: pm modi6:10 pm for almost 35 years, manmohan singh ji had a lot of influence on countrys economic policies: pm modi6:06 pm pm modi attacks manmohan singh over corruption during upa rule6:04 pm worlds economists dont know parameters to assess it.
what india did will be a case study for economists worldwide: pm on demonetisation6:03 pm: we will have to be tough on those cheating the system, when we do that, hands of the poor will be strengthened: pm modi6:02 pm for the first time, a horizontal divide was visible.
mood of the people completely different from mood of politicians: pm on demonetisationwatch video | up elections 2017: muzaffarnagar revisited6:02 pm you quote foreign economists, i can quote 10 of them on the fact that such an action hasnt been taken in the world ever: pm on demonetisation5:57 pm former bureaucrat madhav godbole in a book wrote that in 1971 indira gandhi ji was advised by the then finance minister to demonetise, but she rejected idea.
you(anand sharma) are showing so much zeal, why were you quiet till now?
why did you not sue madhav godbole?
: pm modi5: 56pm in 40 days, almost 700 maoists surrendered during period of november-december.
this happened for the first time: modi on demonetisation5:55 pm banks have received a large amount of money, interest rates will reduce: pm modi on demonetisation5:55 pm a few people are raising the issue of new notes being recovered from terrorists in kashmir.
i want to tell the banks were looted by them and then they were shot dead by the forces: modi5:50 pm: pm modi responds to rs 2000 notes being recovered from terrorists in jammu & kashmir5:49 pm corruption has ruined the economy.
our fight against black money, corruption not political: pm modi5:48 pm: pm modi speaking in rajya sabha5:35 pm why are you (congress) sprouting virtues of cash when it has so many economic vices?
your own white paper in 2012 said this: jaitley5:33 pm opposition will blame us even for the new us visa policy: jaitley5:32 pm govt started taking steps against black money just after coming to power: arun jaitley5:30 pm finance minister arunjaitley speaking in rajya sabha1:17pm: while referring to prime minister modis speech in lok sabha, union minister jitendra singh said, jis bhukamp ka unhen intezaar tha wo aakhir aa hi gya.
01.
30pm: rajya sabha adjourned till 2 pm, reports ani.
11:30am: question hour begins.
mps address questions on railway safety and connectivity.
suresh prabhu answers the queries.
11:22am: prime minister narendra modi and congress president sonia gandhi attends lok sabha proceedings in the parliament.
11:15am: railway minister suresh prabhu speaks in lok sabha and says he hopes everybody would help in ensuring safer travelling.
the minister also spoke on the recent up accidents.
10:38am: kerala mps stage a protest in front of gandhi statue inside parliament house complex over father tom issue.
tmc mps stage a protest in front of gandhi statue inside parliament house complex (source: aitcofficial/twitter) tmc mps stage a protest in front of gandhi statue inside parliament house complex (source: aitcofficial/twitter)10:35am: tmc mps stage a protest in front of gandhi statue inside parliament house citing the problems faced by people due to demonetisation.
b'the release of the tax rates in the public domain has happened 40 days before july 1, the day the gst regime kicks in.
the release of the tax rates in the public domain has happened 40 days before july 1, the day the gst regime kicks in.
with the legislative groundwork for the transition to the goods and services tax regime largely wrapped up, the gst councils 14th round deliberations in srinagar over the last two days were focused on the most contentious non-legislative agenda items  the approval of the gst rules, the fitment of over 1,200 commodities into the five pre-announced tax slabs and the tax rates on services.
on friday, the second day of the meeting, the council decided to tax services under four slabs of 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent.
the culmination of the two-day meeting  where the council cleared seven of the nine draft rules, approved the fitment of 1,211 items into the designated tax slabs and also cleared the service tax rates  marks a resounding success for centre-state deliberations and takes the gst implementation into its last lap.
the draft rules, alongside clarity on tax rates, are crucial for india inc. to realign its existing processes and reporting mechanisms to the requirements of the new regime.
the release of the tax rates in the public domain has happened 40 days before july 1, the day the gst regime kicks in.
this is much better than the 14 days notice expected earlier.
the biggest takeaway, though, is that despite pulls and pressures from disparate lobbies and the wrangling generally witnessed among states, the council has managed to achieve an agreement on clubbing the bulk of the items into the two standard rates of 12 per cent and 18 per cent.
to its credit, the council has also substantially pruned the list of exemptions, with only seven per cent of total items indicated to be kept nil-rated.
as expected, foodgrain and milk have been exempted from the gst while mostly essential consumer products, such as edible oil, sugar and tea, are bracketed under 5 per cent.
notably, items constituting 52 per cent weight in the consumer price index remain exempt even now.
nevertheless, the low gst rates on daily items consumed by households lend credence to finance minister arunjaitley assertion that the new regime will be non-inflationary and that many commodities could see a reduction in prices due to the elimination of the cascading effect of taxes.
having come under fire earlier for having too many tax slabs, which is essentially seen as a distortion of the original single-rate gst structure, the big success of the two-day meeting pertains to the overall macro picture  that the two standard rates of 12 and 18 per cent account for 60 per cent of all items and only around 19 per cent of the items have been pushed into the higher rate of 28 per cent and beyond (including the cesses).
within services, health and education and most others that are exempted now will remain so.
india inc. can finally gear up for the transition to what is being called the biggest tax reform since independence.
finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleystepping up attack on finance minister arunjaitley over alleged corruption in ddca during his tenure, the aap today posed more questions to him, saying it would continue to raise its voice against graft in the state cricket body.
aap leader sanjay singh alleged that the finance minister has sent a legal notice to him and his colleague ashutosh through lokesh sharma, who is managing director of private firm 21st century media, and said that they are ready to face one thousand such legal notices and will not be deterred from exposing corruption in ddca.
jaitley has strongly rejected the allegations calling them a propaganda technique of delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal to deflect attention when he himself was in the dock following a cbi raid in delhi secretariat.
addressing a press conference here, singh accused arunjaitley of trying to suppress alleged corruption which had taken place in delhi and district cricket association under his watch by sending legal notice.
yesterday, the aam aadmi party had posed five questions to the minister, saying that they would continue to query him on the alleged corruption in the ddca.
the aap leader claimed that they are getting papers pertaining to ddcas alleged corruption from several persons across the country.
following a cbi raid in delhi secretariat in connection with charges against kejriwals principal secretary rajendra kumar, aap has been claiming that the central agency carried out the searches to target the aap chief and was looking for a file relating to alleged graft in ddca.
since then the party has been demanding resignation of arunjaitley from the union cabinet.
the election commission of india (file photo) the election commission of india (file photo)despite being rebuffed twice by the government, the election commission of india (eci) is persisting with its demand for the power to cancel an election in case of voter bribery, chief election commissioner (cec) nasim zaidi told the sunday express in an interview on friday.
cash and liquor seizures during the ongoing assembly elections in punjab, uttar pradesh, goa, uttarakhand and manipur have been over three times the volumes that were seized when these states went to polls the last time in 2012, zaidi said.
the cec, who retires from his post in four months, said the government could have done more to give effect to pending electoral reforms.
he also called for a separate provision in the representation of the people (rp) act to deal exclusively with hate speeches in election campaigns, and time-bound disposal of election petitions by courts.
watch what else is making newsas reported by the indian express on june 6, 2016, the election commission had approached the law ministry seeking amendments to the rp act for permanent legal powers to countermand elections in case there was credible evidence that voters had been bribed.
the proposal was sent after the tamil nadu assembly elections, in which the commission, in an unprecedented step, had used its extraordinary powers under article 324 of the constitution to call off polling at two seats for voter bribery.
although this proposal has already been rejected twice, the ec, in a rare intervention, has approached the law ministry for a third time, asking for a review.
everybody has his or her wisdom.
in our wisdom, we feel it should be done.
they feel otherwise.
they have asked us to continue using article 324 (to deal with voter bribery), but we have said we need proper legal cover just as in the case of booth capturing, zaidi said.
we have taken up the proposal (with the government) for the third time.
the commission will cancel elections only on the basis of the report of the returning officer and observers, and some credible evidence that there was largescale distribution of money to voters.
the investigation will be conducted in the same manner as booth capturing.
so, in the commissions view, it is incorrect to say that bribery stands on a different footing than booth capturing, he said.
on the unabated influence of black money in elections, despite demonetisation, zaidi said, i would not like to comment on what was or wasnt intended with the demonetisation decision.
i can only quote data.
our seizures are more than three times compared to the assembly polls 2012.
a major portion of the rs 350 crore seized was in cash.
so, in this election we found more movement of cash and more distribution of liquor.
in uttar pradesh alone, liquor worth rs 60 crore was caught.
on the governments repeated public statements urging the commission to build consensus on having elections simultaneously in the states and at the centre, zaidi said the ec had not received any formal communication from the government to this effect.
asked if he agreed with the criticism that electoral bonds would mask whatever little transparency that exists currently in political funding, the cec said, our stand has always been that any scheme that brings about a reduction in anonymity is welcome.
this, he said, was aimed at protecting the identity of donors who fear adverse consequences for contributing to one political party.
hrd minister prakash javadekar.
(express photo by ganesh shirsekar) hrd minister prakash javadekar.
(express photo by ganesh shirsekar)the bjp wednesday termed the delhi governments move to clear bills related to a defamation case against chief minister arvind kejriwal as a dacoity and loot of the peoples money and said it will not let this happen.
union minister prakash javadekar alleged that kejriwal was taken to court by finance minister arunjaitley for his personal crime and the delhi governments decision to foot the bill of the aap leaders lawyer is against the law and rules of the government.
its illegal and immoral.
why should the people of delhi pay for your (kejriwal) sins?
this is a dacoity and loot of their money and is completely unacceptable, he told a press conference.
javadekar said arunjaitley had paid rs 10 lakh stamp duty from his pocket and has been paying the bills of his lawyers as well.
he alleged that kejriwals politics is based on defaming others and people should not pay for his sins.
the delhi government has reportedly made a proposal to pay a bill of close to rs 4 crore sought by kejriwals lawyer but lt governor anil baijal has sought solicitor general ranjit kumars advice in the matter.
javadekar said kejriwal is facing at least seven cases of defamation and wondered if the city government would pay over rs 100 crore when he is asked to pay this sum of money.
he accused the aap of first denying such a proposal and said it is now claiming that the government wants to pay it as the case is against the chief minister.
the fact is the case is not against a chief minister but an individual.
his actions have nothing to do with the government.
he has tried to defame arunjaitley and his family members and will have to pay for it, he said.
taking a dig at the party, he said its leaders had promised to not avail official vehicles and residences, and lead a simple life if elected to power but it has become an example for reasons completely opposite to its claims.
there is a backlog of over rs 17,000 crore in payment of wages for unskilled labour under the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act since 2014, mos (rural development) ram kripal yadav said in response to a question by two mps in lok sabha thursday.
the year-wise breakup is is rs 4,200 crore for 2014-15, rs 3,900 crore for 2015-16 and rs 8,000 crore for 2016- 17, until march 11, the minister said.
among the states, west bengal has the largest unpaid dues this fiscal at rs 2,435 crore.
up, tamil nadu, chhattisgarh, mp, kerala and assam too account for more than rs 500 crore each in 2016- 17.
the fund release to states/uts is a continuous process and central government is committed to making funds available keeping in view the demand for work, ram kripal yadav said.
in may 2016, the supreme court had criticised the government for not releasing adequate funds for mnrega.
this has, however, been described in some quarters as a marginal increase from the revised estimates for mnregas allocation in the previous year, which was rs 47,499 crore.
prime minister narendra modi had called mnrega the living monument of the congress-led upa governments failure in 2015.
mnregas actual spend in 2015-16 was rs 37,340.
71 crore.
on thursday, mos yadav also apprised lok sabha of various steps taken by the government to reduce delays in the payment of mnrega wages.
b'justice j chelameswar.
justice j chelameswar.
supreme court judge justice j chelameswar, whose dissent against the functioning of the collegium has become public, saturday said there was a need to adapt legal education as the needs of the legal environment has undergone a major change.
the needs are changing day by day and it needs to be recognised in the teaching of law, chelameswar said, adding that legal educators need to consider the changing legal environment and requirements and accordingly adapt education.
he, however, refused to reply to questions by mediapersons over his not attending a collegium meeting and the letter he shot off to the chief justice of india (cji) on the issue that has snowballed into a major controversy.
separately, cji t s thakur, in his reaction to the controversy, told pti: we will sort it out.
addressing the eighth law teachers day function here, chelameswar said numerous law colleges have come up in the country and a number of them are producing excellent lawyers.
a great teacher is one who captures interest of the students.
on this occasion, i wish to say that the ultimate result of legal education is to contribute towards betterment of the legal system.
the answer to improving the system lies in good quality education.
legislative drafting is one area that needsspecial attention in this country, he said while presenting the awards in various categories.
the judge said a good lawyer is the one who knows how to approach the law as the nature of litigation has changed substantially in the last decade.
supreme court judge, justice a k sikri, who was the chief guest at the event, emphasised on the changing trends in legal profession and said there was a need for advocates to be well equipped with the knowledge and skills of international laws and the cyber world.
he also said reforms were required in legal education to match up with the changing scenario in the field of law due to globalisation.
india has embraced globalisation and there has been a shift in the laws relating to family disputes, ipr, patents, international arbitrations etc.
laws in our times were traditional but today knowledge of information technology law, cyber law, biotechnology and genetic engineering, international trade and global standards etc all these are needed.
reforms in legal education are required, he said in the inaugural session on trade in legal services.
expressing similar views, t k vishwanathan, consultant to the president of india and former law secretary, termed law as a noble profession and said there was a need for more people in the professions with skills and knowledge.
students these days know more than teachers due to the accessibility of information through cyber space.
so we need more skilled teachers who have to put in more effort, he said.
the event was organised by society of indian law firms (silf) and menon institute of legal advocacy training (milat) in which justice a b rohatgi award was presented to finance minister arunjaitley , who could not attend the programme.
lalit bhasin, lawyer and president of silf, said the role played by eminent law teachers and schools in promoting quality legal education in the country has ensured that india on saturday is a justice driven society with a strong legal backbone.
legal education works not only as an instrument of social control but also as instrument of social change.
the event also marked the signing of an mou between silf -milat and lloyd college of law on holding national selection moot court competition in november-december every year to select the five best teams 2016 onwards from whom silf-milat jury will select the best law students of the year.
they will be given the opportunity to study llm programme penn state university of law, usa with a full fee waiver.
the general house on monday rejected the proposal by the chandigarh municipal corporation to levy entertainment tax on movie tickets after member of parliament kirron kher said that already people are heavily charged when they watch a movie in a multiplex and the new entertainment amounted to overburdening.
advertisingthe mc had proposed that 20 percent tax may be levied on tickets costing rs 100 and below while 30 percent tax may be levied on tickets above rs 100.
in most multiplexes, the tickets cost more than rs 100.
the moved was aimed at generating revenue for the civic body.
mp kher, who attended the house meeting, said that where art is being encouraged, how can tax be levied on it.
she further said that the government was for one nation one tax.
in todays times, a common man who goes for an outing with family cannot afford a movie at multiplex.
kids go with them and when they buy some pop corns or other eatables that is already a burden on them.
and why do we want to multiply the burden by levying this tax, she said.
advertisingkher added that film industry needs a boost and questioned the imposition of more taxes on it.
she also said that at other places where it was levied, it was not successful.
as bjp councillor ravi kant sharma went ahead to say about states that levied the tax, kher flared up and said that people will not be burdened with this tax in chandigarh.
following this, the house rejected the agenda.
the agenda had been pending for long.
in august 2017, the lok sabha had passed a bill that sought to transfer the centres power to levy entertainment and amusement taxes in chandigarh to the municipal corporation.
to keep the health of the municipalities in mind, the municipalities have been given the right to levy a certain reasonable tax if they feel so.
now, this is a dichotomy.
but this is how the architecture has come about.
under the 1994 act, the central government had the power to levy entertainment tax and entertainment duty for chandigarh, it was stated in the parliament.
on the observation in the parliament that time, kher said in the house,  i did hear what was said in the parliament.
it was clearly said  if municipal bodies feel so.
.
b'former mos for finance, jayant sinha, said he is excited to take off in his new role as the minister of state for civil aviation.
former mos for finance, jayant sinha, said he is excited to take off in his new role as the minister of state for civil aviation.
shifted out of the finance ministry, jayant sinha on july 6 said he is excited to take off in his new role as the minister of state for civil aviation.
after taking charge of his new portfolio, he met senior colleague ashok gajapathi raju and other officials at the ministry including secretary rn choubey.
former mos civil aviation mahesh sharma was also present.
watch video: whats making newsexcited to take off at civil aviation ministry under @ashok_gajapathi jis guidance, sinha said in a tweet.
a member of the lok sabha representing hazaribagh in jharkhand, sinha studied at iit, delhi, university of pennsylvania and harvard business school.
by profession, he is a venture capital management consultant and hedge fund manager.
he is also a global expert on entrepreneurship and technology, according to an official release.
in another tweet, sinha, who was earlier minister of state for finance, thanked finance minister arunjaitley for all his support and guidance.
thanked my team at @finminindia for all their long hours and terrific work!
, he tweeed.
in a major reshuffle yesterday, sinha was moved from all-important finance ministry which has been attributed in some quarters to his speaking out of turn on certain occasions.
b'finance minister arunjaitley coming out of his ministry in new delhi.
(pti/file) finance minister arunjaitley coming out of his ministry in new delhi.
(pti/file)the finance ministry plans to make a presentation to the prime minister on the proposed overhaul of the budget by shifting to outcome-based budgeting, and merger of rail with the general budget.
bringing forward the budget presentation date by a month to january end, scrapping the distinction of plan and non-plan expenditure and moving away from traditional budgeting based on inputs (how much can be spent) to one measurable by outcome (what can be achieved with the spending) are among the five pillars the ministry has identified as part of the exercise.
it wants to make a presentation on these points to prime minister narendra modi before putting them in a cabinet note for approval, sources in the know said.
the necessity and benefits of merging rail with the general budget will also be featured.
it would detail how moving the budget presentation to january-end will help complete all constitutional requirements before beginning of a fiscal.
the finance ministry will float a cabinet note on this after the prime minister gives a go-ahead, they said.
through outcome-based budgeting, the ministry is trying to shift from traditional performance-based budgeting by planning expenditure, fixing appropriate targets and quantifying deliverables of each scheme.
the outcome-based one will outline what can be achieved with what is being spent and will involve the process of defining the desired long-term outcome of schemes of various ministries.
besides, the finance ministry is considering a multi-year approach in budgeting so that the budget document gives a preview of the governments finances for the next 2-3 years.
a multi-year approach in budgeting helps utilise resources better and bring in more transparency in accounting, the sources said.
if the proposal of multi-year budgeting comes through, then the budget document for 2017-18 will give capital and revenue expenditure for 2-3 years.
the document only gives details of plan and non-plan expenditure for the fiscal for which the budget is presented and also the previous two financial years.
the finance ministry comes out with a medium-term expenditure framework statement which sets forth a three-year rolling target for expenditure indicators with specification of underlying assumptions and risks involved.
since the ministry is planning abolition of the distinction between plan/non-plan expenditure and replacing it with capital and revenue expenditure, the 2017-18 budget will offer revenue projections, expenditure targets and outcome for the next 2-3 years.
b'randeep singh surjewala (right) with manoj jha.
(source: express photo) randeep singh surjewala (right) with manoj jha.
(source: express photo)congress on tuesday dubbed as a vote-garnering exercise the union cabinet expansion with an eye on poll-bound states and said prime minister narendra modis tall claim of minimum government, maximum governance has been reduced to another gimmick.
after the dropping of five ministers, todays expansion effected by modi took the total strength of his council of ministers to 78, just keeping it under the constitution limit of 15 per cent of the total strength of the legislature.
congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala told reporters that with a top heavy cabinet modis tall claim of minimum government, maximum governance has been reduced to another gimmick.
watch video: keystrokes  smriti irani gets textilesthe much-publicised cabinet expansion has proved to be much ado about nothing, surjewala said, adding the exercise reflects devaluation ofgovernment and deficit of talent and experience in bjp.
sole aim of expansion is a vote garnering exercise looking at election going states and a panic reaction against declining political graph of bjp in up, madhya pradesh, rajasthan and gujarat.
watch: analysing modi cabinet reshuffle: smriti irani loses hrd; javadekar, piyush goyal gainit has nothing to do with improving lives of 125 crore indians or providing a government dedicated to the cause of solving their problems, he said.
team modi has become a collection of courtiers, sycophants, non-performers and hate mongers, he added.
surjewala also wondered what will now happen to subramanian swamy, the finance minister in waiting.
the controversial bjp mp, a known detractor of finance minister arunjaitley , does not figure in the exercise.
coming down hard on the prime minister, he said an important facet of cabinet expansion is that the incompetent and non-performing ministers have not been punished or dropped nor has any reward been given to the talent.
this reflects a bankruptcy of vision and futuristic thinking, he said.
he claimed that another clear message is the protection given to hate mongers and those propagating the agenda of division and deception.
had this not been true, pm would have taken action against ministers like smriti irani, sadhvi niranjan jyoti, gen v k singh, giriraj singh, sanjiv baliyan, mahesh sharma and half a dozen others.
obviously, all these ministers are acting with complete knowledge and complicity of the prime minister, he claimed.
faulting the prime minister for completely ignoring the nda allies, he said the entire exercise has been rendered to cosmetic changes aimed at propagating modi as a larger than life figure.
it is about i, me, myself.
even otherwise, in the autocratic modi regime, ministers and cabinet are the fall guys with every publicity driven achievements going to the account of modi, he added.
b'finance minister arunjaitley outside parliament on wednesday.
(express photo/praveen jain) finance minister arunjaitley outside parliament on wednesday.
(express photo/praveen jain)three weeks still left for the session to end, the final full budget of the bjp-led nda government was passed in lok sabha wednesday amid loud protests by the opposition as the government deployed a parliamentary procedure called guillotine to ensure that all outstanding demands for grants were put to vote in one go without discussions.
with mps from tdp, sp, ysr congress, trs and other parties shouting slogans in the well on various issues, ranging from the pnb fraud to the andhra pradesh special package, the finance bill, and the appropriation bill with a spending plan of rs 89.
25 lakh crore, were introduced, voted on and passed through voice vote  all within 30 minutes.
finance minister arunjaitley moved 21 amendments to the finance bill, which contains taxation proposals for 2018-19.
the appropriation bill details plans on how government ministries and departments would spend their money this fiscal.
in effect, this years budget exercise is complete.
with the rajya sabha paralysed this session due to opposition protests, the finance bill, classified as a money bill, will be considered passed if the upper house does not return it in 14 days.
the government decided to bring the budget for approval early even though the session is scheduled till april 6.
on wednesday, mps from congress and tmc staged a walkout halfway through the proceedings following vociferous protests over how the budget was being passed.
the sps dharmendra yadav, who was in the well, was heard shouting to speaker sumitra mahajan: dont stifle the voice of democracy like this.
this was the first time in years that the lok sabha did not discuss and vote on even one demand for grants.
in the recent past, budgets were passed without discussion in 2013-14 and 2003-04 when all demands were guillotined.
the appropriation bill was passed after negating several cut motions moved by opposition parties.
the congress called the passage of the finance bill as a black day for democracy.
the government passed the most important bill by throttling democracy amid chaos, without any discussion, or debate or exchange of ideas, congress whip in the lok sabha, jyotiraditya scindia, told reporters after the walkout.
the tmc, buoyed by the bjps loss in the lok sabha bypolls in gorakhpur and phulpur, said the obstinate government would sit in the opposition soon.
throughout this session, this government has been obstinate.
they are just not interested in running parliament or upholding institutions.
little wonder they will be sitting in the opposition benches soon enough, said derek obrien, tmc parliamentary party leader.
estranged bjp ally tdp was unhappy, too.
the finance bill was passed in a one-sided manner.
despite proposing amendments, it is unfortunate that the speaker did not allow voting, said party mp jayadev galla.
speaking to reporters, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said, the government had been making efforts to run the house for the past one-and-a-half weeks but the proceedings have remained disrupted.
earlier, congress, tmc, dmk, rjd, sp, ncp and the left parties were among those that submitted a memorandum to the speaker, objecting to what they said was the governments arrogance and unilateral move to bulldoze all financial business without discussing them in the house.
the amendments approved by the lok sabha included the one providing for grandfathering of capital gains accrued on unlisted entities till january 31.
it also provided for a methodology for valuation of capital gains.
in this budget, arunjaitley revived a tax on long-term capital gains on listed equities  10 per cent on gains over rs 1 lakh.
however, all gains up to january 31, 2018, will be grandfathered, the finance minister had said in the budget speech.
the lok sabha also passed, through voice vote, the fourth batch of supplementary demands for grants for 2017-18.
the batch involved cash outgo of rs 85,315 crore, mainly on compensating states for loss of revenue from the implementation of goods and services tax (gst).
finance minister, arunjaitley , said people defending rioting in kashmir have petty politics in their mind.
(file) finance minister, arunjaitley , said people defending rioting in kashmir have petty politics in their mind.
addressing a public meeting in samba district in memory of premnath dogra, the founder of the jan sangh, the forerunner of the bjp, in jammu and kashmir, arunjaitley said people defending rioting and stone pelting in the kashmir valley have nothing on their mind except petty politics.
he said, some people outside talk of human rights in kashmir.
have they ever visited the valley and seen those securitymen who have been injured while performing their duty?
when india became free in 1947, it was created for peace and development.
after getting badly defeated at three wars with india, pakistan started a proxy war against us in 1990s.
in 2008 and 2010, they gave the new face of stone pelting to their proxy war and that is what is happening in the valley this time also.
the minister said militancy and stone pelting need to be dealt with firmly and no laxity should be shown in dealing with such situations.
minister of state in the prime ministers office jitendra singh was also present on the occasion.
b'prime minister narendra modi was also present at the meeting where the district-level committee was discussed.
(express file photo) prime minister narendra modi was also present at the meeting where the district-level committee was discussed.
(express file photo)a district-level committee headed by a local member of parliament will monitor centre-funded schemes, bjp mps were informed at the parliamentary party meeting on tuesday and asked to use it to push for effective execution of developmental projects.
rural development minister narendra singh tomar spoke about the committee at the meeting, which was also attended by prime minister narendra modi, party president amit shah and almost the entire council of ministers, party sources said.
the committee will meet at least four times in a year and have its first meeting next month, they said.
finance minister arunjaitley also spoke briefly about a law, which has been cleared by the cabinet, that will help banks in debt recoveries and improve ease of doing business.
amending securitisation and reconstruction of financial assets and enforcement of security interest (sarfaesi) act is among the laws objectives.
briefing reporters after the meeting, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said the government is keen on the passage of the compensatory afforestation fund bill (campa) and benami transactions (prohibition) amendment bill in the coming days.
the party leaders also paid rich tributes to the martyrs on the occasion of the kargil vijay diwas today.
kumar said five bills in lok sabha and two in the rajya sabha, which has seen frequent disruptions, have been passed so far in the ongoing monsoon session and appealed to the opposition in the upper house to participate in the discussion.
watch video: whats making newswe will do all the official business (as listed).
we had considered 16 bills for the session and four new bills besides them have also been brought, he said.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
finance minister arun jaitley.
last march, a few days after finance minister arunjaitley presented his first full budget, and also later in 2015, one of the narratives that played out was the potential conflict between the government and the rbi, triggered by the proposals to shift regulation of the domestic government bond market and debt management away from the central bank, and form a monetary policy committee or mpc.
cut to budget 2016.
one of the most striking things is the perceptible convergence of views of the rbi and the government  reflected best in the decision to stick to the path of fiscal consolidation and not indulge in adventurism.
in the run-up to the budget, rbi governor raghuram rajan had cautioned the government not to deviate from the roadmap for fiscal consolidation and warned about the potential loss of credibility.
the government has been mindful about this, acknowledging the negative fallout of higher government borrowing on private investments, and has restricted its borrowings in 2016-17 to rs 4.
2 lakh crore.
the markets have welcomed this.
since friday (before the budget was presented), the sensex has climbed 1,089 points or 4.
7 per cent in anticipation of interest rate cuts by the rbi.
ten-year government bond yields have fallen from 7.
9 to 7.
6 per cent.
this, coupled with an agreement on the composition of the mpc, and the rbis decision to ease rules on capital requirements for banks, clearly shows that indias central bank and government are acting in concert  a huge positive both from the point of view of investors and the market, and also from an institutional and policy-credibility perspective.
speculation has now been rife about a rate cut.
last september, rajan surprised the market with a 50-basis point cut in interest rates.
since then, there have been few signs of a pick-up in global growth; exports have contracted for the 14th consecutive month while domestic capacity utilisation is still relatively low.
headline inflation has also been under control.
it is possible that the rbi may like to weigh the prospects of the monsoon this year and also the fact that despite cutting rates by 125 basis points last year, banks have been diffident when it comes to passing on the benefits to borrowers, citing the need to set aside capital for the bad loans on their books.
with growth estimates for fy17 at 7 per cent or a little higher, and to stoke demand in the domestic market, there could be a persuasive case for a deeper cut than the baby-step approach of 25-basis point rate reductions.
that could be the trigger for the much-needed private investments and a rebound in growth.
congress general secretary ghulam nabi azad.
(file photo) congress general secretary ghulam nabi azad.
(file photo)congress general secretary ghulam nabi azad attacked the centre and ruling bharatiya janata party on demonetisation in rajya sabha on thursday.
your (bjp) government forced a pregnant woman to deliver her child while standing in a queue.
what more will you do?
azad, who is leader of opposition in rajya sabha, said.
azads comments came a day after the presentation of the union budget for 2017-18.
money is being seized across the country.
did it reach these places through banks?
it is black money circulated via backdoor transactions.
for first time in history, notes were printed without the photograph of father of the nation mahatma gandhi and there were notes with printing only on one side, he said.
i expected the government to take less credit and be a little apologetic about demonetisation, he added.
finance minister arunjaitley defended his governments decision on demonetisation in his budget speech on wednesday and said that the effects of demonetisation will not spill over into the next year.
he added that demonetisation will have an epoch making impact on our economy and the lives of our people.
ed sources said action would be taken against illegal offshore entities under various sections of the foreign exchange management act (fema).
ed sources said action would be taken against illegal offshore entities under various sections of the foreign exchange management act (fema).
the enforcement directorate (ed) has sought information from the reserve bank of india (rbi), financial intelligence unit (fiu) and income tax (it) department on indian companies and individuals linked to offshore entities set up by panamanian law firm mossack fonseca, as revealed by the indian express in an ongoing investigation.
read | full coverage of panama paperssources said information has been sought from rbi on whether these entities were set up with permission from the apex bank.
the fiu has been asked to provide information on the companies or individuals associated with the offshore firms, they added.
the it department, which has separately sent a questionnaire to all indian clients of mossack fonseca named by the indian express, is expected to convey whether money has been transferred by these entities illegally, said sources.
during meetings held recently on the issue, all concerned agencies have been asked for information.
a formal communication regarding this would reach them in a couple of days.
work has already begun, said a senior ed official.
ed sources said action would be taken against illegal offshore entities under various sections of the foreign exchange management act (fema).
they added that the it department has already sought information from panama on the basis of reciprocity as there is no double taxation avoidance agreement (dtaa) with the country.
watch | panama papers playlistthe information being sought by it is about the accounts of these companies and the money deposited in them, apart from details of financial transactions.
if the it department finds any instance of tax evasion and illegal outflow of money, it can book individuals under the black money act.
that will open the gates for us to prosecute the individuals under the prevention of money laundering act (pmla), said another ed official.
once an individual is booked under the pmla, the ed will also move to attach their properties in india, said sources.
but a major part of the investigation at the moment is about how many of these companies are illegal or have moved money in violation of laws.
there are many who have denied that the companies listed against their names are theirs, said the official.
prime minister narendra modi had also sought a status report on the probe into the panama papers.
b'both the ec and the law ministry have been asked to furnish their written replies at the next meeting.
both the ec and the law ministry have been asked to furnish their written replies at the next meeting.
amid the demands for state funding of elections, the election commission (ec) has categorically told a parliamentary panel that it is not in favour of the move.
it has, instead, called for radical changes in the provisions regarding receipt of funds and expenditure by political parties to ensure complete transparency.
the election commission is not in favour of state funding as it will not be able to prohibit or check candidates expenditure or expenditure of others over and above that which is provided by the state.
the election commissions view is that for addressing the real issues, there have to be radical changes in the provisions regarding receipt of funds by political parties and the manner in which such funds are spent by them so as to provide complete transparency in the matter, the ec said in a four-page submission before the parliamentary standing committee on personnel, public grievances, law and justice headed by anand sharma on friday.
appearing before the parliamentary panel which is examining a gamut of issues related to electoral reforms, the ec said that the exemption to political parties from reporting details of donations received through electoral bonds is a retrograde step.
the ec also took note of the modification of the definition of foreign source under the finance act 2016, which, it said, would allow foreign companies to fund political parties through indian companies, provided they follow the rules and regulations prescribed under fema 1999.
the parliamentary panel also sought the law ministrys views on the issue of election funding.
we have asked them to tell us what they are doing on the issue.
why cant there be state funding?
we have sought their views.
they will be replying in writing to the panel, said a source in the panel.
both the ec and the law ministry have been asked to furnish their written replies at the next meeting.
in the past too, chief election commissioner naseem zaidi has made it clear that unless other radical reforms are brought in, state funding of elections could become one more additional tool, one more additional source of funds, without reduction in the use of illegal money.
in his budget reply in parliament in february, finance minister arunjaitley had also said that while he was open to the idea of state funding, the belief and optimism that only state-provided funds would be used in elections and nobody would use private funds was not consistent with indian reality.
the issue of election funding was also discussed at an all-party meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi during the same period.
meanwhile, members of the parliamentary panel also asked the ec why it could not regulate disproportionate time allocation to political parties on private news channels during elections.
while state broadcasters give time to all the parties, the same is not happening with private broadcasters.
why does the ec not bring private commercial media under its ambit?
after all, they are being given licence for uplinking, downlinking by the government.
how will a level field be ensured if they are allowed to play havoc with the system this way?
when public broadcasters are supposed to be unbiased and neutral during elections, how can you allow this?
why does the ec, which is a constitutional body, have no check on these channels during elections, asked an opposition member.
some members also expressed their concern over paid news.
b'aap leaders at a press conference.
(express photo by kamleshwar singh) aap leaders at a press conference.
(express photo by kamleshwar singh)aap has sought special status for punjab and also its inclusion in the list of special category states (scs) along with a revision in the terms of reference of the fifteenth finance commission.
the party has also said the two ministers from punjab in the union cabinet  harsimrat badal and vijay sampla  should resign along with mps cutting across party lines if punjab was not given its due by the centre.
aap has said its party mps would be more than willing to resign from parliament in the interest of the state.
addressing a press conference thursday, along with leader of opposition sukhpal singh khaira, aap leader and kharar mla, kanwar sandhu, said he has written two letters to finance minister arunjaitley in this connection.
sandhu has also written to punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh demanding that he call an all-party meeting on these issues so as to present a strong and collective case on behalf of the people of punjab to the centre.
punjab has a much stronger case than even states such as andhra pradesh, which are seeking special status and inclusion in the list of scs.
while special status will help meet the political aspirations of its people through legitimate legislative means, punjabs inclusion in scs will help it come out of the economic and financial mess.
unfortunately, its case was never pursued vigorously since its bifurcation in 1966, said sandhu.
the mla added that if terms of reference of the 15th finance commission are not revised, punjab would be even harder hit in terms of devolution of funds from the centre than states like karnataka and kerala, which are making a similar demand.
in his letter to arunjaitley on the issue of scs, the aap leader argued that punjab had not been included in the list of scs despite it fulfilling three of the five parameters, namely, strategic location along the borders of the country, economic and infrastructure backwardness, and non-viable nature of state finances (other two being, hilly and difficult terrain and low population density).
besides, he mentioned how on one hand the onus of producing the countrys foodgrains fell on punjab, on the other, it was made to gift its river waters to non-riparian states in national interest, forcing it to draw huge quantities of underground water to fulfill the national obligation.
union finance minister arunjaitley in jalandhar sunday.
(source: express photo) union finance minister arunjaitley in jalandhar sunday.
(source: express photo)union finance minister arunjaitley sunday said formation of new political fronts in punjab will ultimately benefit the sad-bjp alliance in the coming assembly elections.
he said this when questioned about the formation of awaaz-e-punjab by former bjp mp navjot sidhu, former sad mla pargat singh and independent mlas bains brothers.
the union finance minister added political equations are changing in punjab and opposition parties are disintegrating, which will only help bjp and sad in the elections.
and this front (awaaz-e-punjab) is yet to declare its programme.
what that forum does is still to be seen.
he said.
jaitley said bjp was well-prepared to contest the elections in punjab with ally sad as this alliance has won the past two elections and is ready for a hattrick.
the sad-bjp combine will fight the punjab polls on the basis of the performance and achievements of both the governments (centre and punjab), he told reporters here.
on the question of bjp being on the defensive even as sidhu and his mla wife, navjot kaur sidhu, have been attacking the party, he said sidhu had already chosen his path and there was no need to comment on him.
about navjot kaur sidhu, who is still in bjp, he said she, too, has to decide her path.
relying about a question on aap, he said it has formed the worst-ever government in delhi after independence and people of punjab must be cautious as every day some minister of the party is caught in a scandal.
he refused to comment on bjp leader subramaniam swamy that he (swamy) would have been a better finance minister than jaitley.
the union finance minister rubbished allegations that political persons were being shielded in the multi-crore drug racket issue in punjab as baseless.
jaitley was in jalandhar to inuagurate a startup school at the lovely professional university (lpu).
during his address at the university, he emphasised on the need of think globally and develop business idea to capture global markets.
b'unhappy over the treatment meted out to party colleagues sushma swaraj and arunjaitley at jammu airport,senior bjp leader l k advani today talked to prime minister manmohan singh to lodge a protest over the developments which had never happened earlier.
i talked to the prime minister to register protest over the way authorities prevented sushma swaraj and arun jaitley,both leaders of opposition in two houses of parliament,from entering jammu and threatened to deport them back to delhi, advani said.
while expressing anguish,the chairman of bjp parliamentary party told singh that such developments had never happened earlier.
advani said swaraj and arunjaitley had refused to return to delhi.
swaraj and jaitley,who went to jammu this afternoon to join the partys ekta yatra,were prohibited from coming out of the airport,leading to a stand-off.
on being told by the authorities that prohibitory orders under section 144 was in force,swaraj and arunjaitley asked them to arrest them rather than sending back to delhi,advani said.
asked whether singh had given any assurance to him,advani said,i did not call to seek any assurance but just to register my protest at the treatment meted out to our two senior leaders.
finance minister arun jaitley.
finance minister arun jaitley.
the lok sabha witnessed an exchange between finance minister arunjaitley and tmc leader saugata roy when the latter opposed introduction of the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill that seeks to end the liability of the rbi and government on currency notes withdrawn last november.
his objection is that it is not a good bill, the minister said, citing rules.
he argued that the nature of his objection did not allow roy to speak.
watch what else is making newsroy retorted: i am within my rights to allow you not to speak.
i am questioning his right to speak.
he cannot speak at this stage.
he has sought leave to introduce the bill.
i am questioning his right to speak let him go to rajya sabha and speak there.
jaitley is a rajya sabha mp.
roys remarks provoked bjp mps, some of whom stood up to protest.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar asked the speaker to expunge the remarks saying: the finance minister has been a distinguished parliamentarian he need not be questioned on those things.
when allowed to speak, roy said the bill was illegal as pm narendra modis demonetisation statement came without any notification, and that it should have come from the rbi.
it is outside the ministers legislative competence.
it (bill) is anti-national having never been a member of this house, he does not understand its rules, he said.
jaitley said the tmc leader was incorrect in several aspects and cited the law under which the demonetisation notification was introduced to assert that due process was followed.
the 8th november notification by which high denomination currency ceases to be a legal tender was under section 26(2).
it will add to his parliamentary experience as now he is getting to learn, he added.
earlier, n k premachandran of rsp raised objection to the governments move to withdraw the payment of wages amendment bill, 2016, saying a bill cannot be withdrawn because there is no substantial alteration or material change from the payment of wages (amendment) bill, 2016.
labour minister bandaru dattatreya said the new bill was to ensure transparency.
reserve bank of india (source: file) reserve bank of india (source: file)a spending push in key infrastructure sectors, such as roads and railways, may be at the heart of the centres efforts to rekindle the economy but attempts to prod the private sector to invest in core sectors seem to be floundering  if lending by banks is anything to go by.
bank credit to the infrastructure sector, which had been steadily sliding over the first eight months of the current financial year, has recorded its sharpest contraction of 6.
7 per cent in november.
the latest data released by rbi tuesday shows that credit outstanding to the infrastructure sector has slipped from rs 9,64,800 crore in march 2016 to rs 9,00,700 crore in november 2016.
the power sector, which accounted for almost 55 per cent of the infra credit demand, saw a contraction of 10.
4 per cent in november  down from a decline of 4.
8 per cent in april 2016.
and, the road sector, which has seen significant government push, has witnessed a sharp decline in credit offtake over the last few months.
in october and november, bank credit slipped to a low of 2.
9 and 1.
3 per cent, respectively, suggesting a decline in private sector demand for credit and a corresponding aversion by banks in lending to the sector.
the decline in infrastructure credit growth has also pulled down the overall bank credit to the industry as it contracted by 3.
4 per cent in november, which is the worst in at least a decade.
even the gross bank credit expanded by only 4 per cent in november, down from 9 per cent growth in march 2016.
recent data on highway construction show that the pace of construction has not picked up.
in december, minister of state in the ministry of road transport and highways, mansukh l mandaviya, informed rajya sabha that in the first seven months of fy17, the length of highway construction stood at 3,591 km against the target of 15,000 km.
in 2015-16, the length of highway construction stood at 6,029 km.
among several reasons cited by mandaviya for the slow pace were land acquisition, utility shifting, non-availability of soil/aggregates, poor performance of contractors, etc.
however, private sector involvement seems to be very low.
in the first eight months of the fy17, the banks credit outstanding for the road sector rose by only rs 2,700 crore from rs 1,77,500 crore in march 2016 to touch rs 1,80,200 crore in november 2016.
economists say the environment for private sector investment is very weak as of now and may remain out of the system for some time.
while government investment is one factor to crowd in private sector investment, there are other factors also required and they are not favourable as of now.
there is too much debt in the books of infrastructure companies and also, a lot of companies are saddled with overcapacity.
even the banks are not very keen on lending to the sector as they have a lot of bad loans in the sector, said dk joshi, chief economist, crisil.
h1b visa.
h1b visa.
days after finance minister arunjaitley raised the issue of restrictions on h-1b visa with his american counterpart steven mnuchin, the us has said that it greatly values investments by indian companies and wants strong economic ties between the two nations.
we want to see us-india business-to-business ties remain strong, state department acting spokesman mark toner told reporters at his daily news conference yesterday.
he was responding to questions on the ongoing review of h-1b visas by the trump administration and its impact on the indian it companies, who are heavily dependent on it.
we greatly value indian companies continued investment in the us economy, which also, of course, supports thousands of us jobs, toner said.
with respect to any new requirements on visas, id have to check and see if thats been updated, he said, adding that under the current government, the us has been looking at ways to strengthen the processes like visa interview and admission processes in new ways.
toner said that its been from the beginnings of this administration and certainly with respect to immigration and with refugee flows as well.
those processes are ongoing, he added.
on being asked about the visa review process, toner said, its important to remember that this is always a part of how our consular bureau works and our consular officers work overseas, and our embassies and missions work overseas, and that is were always reviewing the processes that are in place to issue these visas and finding ways to strengthen them, because we want to ensure the security of the american people,.
during his us visit, arunjaitley on sunday raised the h-1b issue with mnuchin as india fears the curb would impact the movement of indian it professionals to america and highlighted the contribution indian companies and professionals are making to the us economy.
the development came after president donald trump signed an executive order for tightening the rules of the h-1b visa programme to stop its abuse and ensure that the visas are given to the most-skilled or highest paid petitioners, a decision that would impact indias usd 150 billion it industry.
subramanian has also pushed for higher spends by the government at a time when the private sector was reluctant to invest.
subramanian has also pushed for higher spends by the government at a time when the private sector was reluctant to invest.
the government has decided to extend chief economic advisor arvind subramanians tenure by two more years, till october 2019.
he was appointed as the cea in october 2014 for a three-year tenure.
subramanian has served as finance minister arunjaitley sounding board and has, over the last three years, brought new ideas in public discourse.
he was closely involved in drafting the goods and services tax act.
his most recent economic survey captured a range of political economy issues at the heart of a changing india.
like the finding, based on rail passenger traffic, that annual migration within india touched 9 million, much higher than previously estimated.
last october, he chose sabarmati to flag the idea of a universal basic income scheme.
he dwelt on it at length in the economic survey too, suggesting that it could replace the 1,000-odd benefit or subsidy schemes that are currently in place.
subramanian has also pushed for higher spends by the government at a time when the private sector was reluctant to invest, and advocated the setting up of a state-owned asset reconstruction company to take care of the mounting bad loans problem.
the office of the cea remained vacant for over a year after raghuram rajan was appointed reserve bank of india governor in september 2013.
b'the amount of swachh bharat abhiyan cess collected in financial year 2015-16 is rs 3901.
78 crore, minister of state for finance santosh kumar gangwar said in a written reply to rajya sabha on july 26.
the amount of swachh bharat abhiyan cess collected in financial year 2015-16 is rs 3901.
78 crore, minister of state for finance santosh kumar gangwar said in a written reply to rajya sabha on july 26.
the government has collected rs 3,901.
78 crore last fiscal year from the 0.
5 per cent swachh bharat cess which is imposed on all taxable services.
the amount of swachh bharat abhiyan cess collected in financial year 2015-16 is rs 3901.
78 crore, minister of state for finance santosh kumar gangwar said in a written reply to rajya sabha on july 26.
the amount utilised in financial year 2015-16 under swachh bharat mission (gramin) is rs 2400 crore and under swachh bharat mission (urban) is rs 159.
2 crore, he added.
with the swachh bharat cess, the service tax rate has gone up to 14.
5 per cent from 14 per cent.
in the budget 2015-16, finance minister arunjaitley had proposed to levy a swachh bharat cess of up to 2 per cent on all or certain services, if need arises.
the swachh bharat cess was levied from november 15 last year.
replying to a separate query, gangwar said the government collected rs 20,921.
44 crore through education cess in 2015-16.
education cess was introduced to fulfil the commitment of government to provide and finance universal quality basic, secondary and higher education.
to another query, gangwar said the customs arrears pending as on april 1, 2015 amounted to rs 21,316 crore.
the arrears pendency at the end of financial year 2014-15 include mainly on account of litigation, cases where appeal is not over, unit closed or defaulters not traceable, he said.
b'prime minister narendra modi (file photo) prime minister narendra modi (file photo)in the 69 years of parliamentary democracy in india, no prime minister has been as audacious as narendra modi.
he has said publicly that he will be in office for at least 10 years.
occasionally, he has also said that he would be the pm for 15 years  from 2014 to 2029.
indeed he can do so, if he first wins in 2019.
that is possible if he wins uttar pradesh and the four other states in the ongoing assembly elections.
narendra modis strategists and supporters are confident that he will be pm till 2029.
he will be 79 then.
that fits into a pattern.
pandit nehru was pm for 17 years, from the age of 58 in 1947 till he was 75 when he passed away in 1964.
manmohan singh was 72 when he became the accidental prime minister and was 82 when he resigned in 2014, after the landslide defeat of the congress.
so, age and energy are on modis side.
modi and his followers argue that there is no challenge to him from either the opposition or within the bjp.
the congress is so fragmented and decimated, they argue, that it wont even be able to forge a front under its leadership.
moreover, people have seen what happened to coalitions in 1989-90 (during the tumultuous v.p. singh and chandrashekhar years) and in 1996-97 (the unstable rule of deve gowda and i.k. gujral).
non-congress fronts have been non-starters and there is no chance of a congress-led coalition, like in 2004.
so, modi will march on till 2029 and radically transform india.
according to modi bhakts, there is no one else in the party to take his place.
the old guard  l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi  as well as modis cabinet colleagues, rajnath singh and arunjaitley , have been so effectively sidelined that within the party he is the only one.
therefore, the question after modi, who?
will surface, say the bhakts, only in 2029.
in the 60s, the hotly debated issue was after nehru, who?
.
the renowned american journalist, wells hangen, had written a book with that title, which raised a storm.
he named morarji desai, y.b. chavan, jayaprakash narayan and indira gandhi among others.
nobody would dare to write about modis possible successor, in 2019 or 2029.
the years 2024 and 2029 are far away.
actually, even 2019 is not as close as we may think.
because it depends on uttar pradesh, 2017.
to win up, he will have to get 202 seats, or at least 150, to become the single largest party to lead a coalition.
but 150 or even 200 seats would be a major setback because going by the lok sabha results and its assembly seat breakdown, he should win over 320 seats.
but let us not forget that indira gandhi had won 73 seats in up in the famous garibi hatao election in 1971, and lost them all in 1977.
the janata partys sweeping victory in up in 1977 had disappeared in 1980.
so, the 2014 bjp landslide is no guide for 2017.
predicting elections or referendum results is a hazardous business.
it has now become an adventurous gamble, particularly in the last three years, when we saw pundits and pollsters going disastrously wrong with brexit and the us presidential election, and at home before that, in delhi and bihar.
the current assembly elections will determine the future, not only of modis political ambitions, but also the course of indian politics in the coming decades.
modi knows that he cannot afford to lose up.
the shock and awe decision of demonetisation was clearly aimed at up and other poll-bound states, to show that he is bold and ready for brinkmanship.
if this brinkmanship boomerangs, however, 2019 would be an uphill task, somewhat like riding against the current of the ganga to gangotri.
modi has to face not only the rejuvenated akhilesh yadav-led coalition but also mayawatis forces.
but equally important, if not more, is the resistance to him building in his own party and the sangh parivar.
neither the rss, nor the disgruntled hindu middle class, who, in 2014, joined the modi march, are as enamoured of him today.
the belief that a corruption-free and congress-mukt resurgent hindu nation will bring back mythical ancient glory to the country has been shattered.
those who thought modi would end the ideology of povertarianism are now shocked that modi is reinventing class war.
the language of massive privatisation, labour (read anti-labour) reforms, the abolition of wasteful welfarism like mgnrega, attacks on pakistan and the war on terror have become slogans with an expiry date.
voter fatigue with these empty slogans will most likely be reflected in the polls.
however, like other predictions and assessments, what if this too goes wrong and the opposition is routed again?
or indeed, if the akhilesh-led coalition wins a majority?
or mayawati and the bjp compete for second place?
and what a shock it would be if the bjp emerges third because of the frustration exacerbated by demonetisation?
all the possibilities are open until march 11.
ironically a section of the bjp is actually worried that modis mesmerising megalomania will sway the voters in the partys favour.
that will clear the pitch for him in 2019 and there will be no stopping him, even in 2024.
then, modis ambition to compete and rise above nehru, indira gandhi and manmohan singh will be fulfilled.
tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roycalling demonetisation yet another jumla of the bjp-led government, trinamool congress mp sukhendu sekhar roy thursday said if the government was indeed serious about tackling black money, it would have taken action in the panama papers case in which several indians were alleged to have made undisclosed transactions through a company based in panama.
the international consortium of journalists that had reported on the panama papers had listed about 500 indians who had deposited money in fake accounts there.
the list includes the name of the vice-president of the west bengal unit of bjp as well what happened to that?
why is no investigation happening?
you are arresting trinamool leaders (in saradha scam), no problem, but why are you silent on panama papers?
watch what else is making newsdo something, order an investigation at least.
all this talk about black money, for which demonetisation was done, is only an election jumla.
no black money has so far been recovered, nor would it ever be recovered, because this government is complicit, roy said while participating in the discussion on the budget in rajya sabha.
roy also read out from a january 10 report in the indian express that had revealed that it was the government that had advised the rbi to suggest demonetisation.
roy said this was contrary to what the government had been claiming and in contravention of the law that says government can take such decisions only on the recommendation of the rbi.
this means that the horse comes first and then the cart.
the cart cannot be placed before the horse.
here the rbi has been subjugated.
it has acted on dictates of the government that is why the notification (of demonetisation) is ex-facie illegal.
speaking later, tapan kumar sen of cpm said the budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley was absolutely deceptive, and did not answer even basic queries of the people on demonetisation.
this house must be told how much counterfeit currency has been seized.
this house must know the answer to what extent terrorist activities and terrorist funding has been contained all black money has been whitened and it is this government that has facilitated that i think this is the biggest ever corrupt practice that has been indulged into by a government through this process of demonetisation, sen said.
the insurance laws amendment bill was introduced in the rajya sabha in 2008.
(source: pti)the insurance bill is not coming up in the rajya sabha on wednesday as the deadlock continues over referring it to the select committee despite modi governments efforts to rally the opposition for bringing on track its first major economic reform initiative.
as the opposition stuck to its stand, government sought their cooperation for passage of the most progressive reform at a time when penetration of insurance was very low.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said that government was ready to accept any meaningful suggestion from the opposition and was awaiting their response after mondays meeting to thrash out consensus.
country needs investment and in larger interest of the country and for betterment of economy the bill is needed as peoples interest are paramount, he said, making a pitch for early passage.
informal consultations took place on tuesday between naidu, finance minister arunjaitley and congress leader anand sharma.
naidu said the bill has already been through the standing committee, which had deliberated on it for long.
he said the government would not have clamoured for foreign investment if resources were available domestically.
when told that parties like congress have problems over the fii provision in the bill, naidu said: whatever is their concern they should say it.
i hope they will come back and there would be meeting of minds.
naidus remarks came even as opposition parties insisted on referring the first major economic reform initiative of the narendra modi government to a select committee.
the insurance laws amendment bill was introduced in the rajya sabha in 2008.
the bill seeks to raise foreign investment cap in the sector to 49 per cent, with management control in the hands of indian promoters.
at present 26 per cent fdi is allowed in insurance.
power minister blames the government for power crisis (source: pti)assuring that there would be no blackout like situation in the countrys northern region, power minister piyush goyal has said the government is making adequate arrangements for supplying coal.
as per latest cea (central electricity authority) report, as many as 20 power stations in the country have fuel stocks to last less than four days.
this is a national problem, everybody is aware of, the plant(s) will not back downmaking adequate arrangements for coal, goyal told reporters when asked whether the coal situation could lead to a blackout in the northern region.
cea data also showed that 38 power stations have less than seven days stock.
in the northern region  delhi, haryana, punjab, uttar pradesh, himachal pradesh, uttarakhand, rajasthan  6 power stations have less than seven days stock, of which 3 have less than four days fuel.
in the western states of gujarat, chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and maharashtra, 16 power plants have less than a week stock, of which 10 plants are left with less than four days coal.
as many as 9 power stations in the southern region  tamil nadu, andhra pradesh, karnataka and kerala  reported less than seven days fuel, of which 3 recorded less than 4 days stock.
seven power projects in the eastern states  bihar, odisha, west bengal and jharkhand  had less than seven days coal stock, of which four plants had less than four days fuel.
meanwhile, goyal today also met the finance minister arun jaitley.
during the lok sabha elections, the bjp in their manifesto spoke about farmer loans being waived off.
with the current situation of farmers in the country, it is not right for the centre to fall back on their words.
the bjp must ensure that the farmers get their dues on time.
nothing can be more unfortunate than farmer suicides, congress leader shobha oza told ani.
supporting this stance, senior advocate kts tulsi asserted that farmers must get remunerative prices for their produce, adding that this atrocity should not prevail against those that feed the nation.
farmers cannot keep dying like this.
they feed our nation.
they must be paid their dues, he told ani in new delhi.
this decision comes in the wake of the loan waiver that was recently announced for the farmers by the maharashtra government, led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the situation of farmers in many states has gone from bad to worse, owing to a decline in crop prices on both the domestic and international front.
farmer suicides have surged significantly in the last year, with agitation being staged in various pockets of the country.
the most recent upheaval was witnessed in madhya pradeshs mandsaur district, where farmers have been protesting demanding loan waivers and good prices for their produce.
on june 6, curfew was imposed after five farmers were killed in police firing during a protest.
odisha chief minister naveen patnaik (l), union minister m venkaiah naidu (r) odisha chief minister naveen patnaik (l), union minister m venkaiah naidu (r)senior bjp leader and union minister m venkaiah naidu on monday said that the party might consult bjd president and odisha chief minister naveen patnaik in order to reach a consensus about a candidate for the upcoming presidential poll.
naidu, who was here to attend a sabka saath sabka bikas programme, said, it will be a good tradition to elect a person as the president of india on consensus.
asked whether they will consult bjd president naveen patnaik, naidu said that they would like to discuss the matter with all the opposition parties including bjd.
naidus statement came barely hours after bjp president amit shah formed a three-member committee to consult political parties in a bid to elect the new president on consensus.
besides naidu, the committee comprises union ministers rajnath singh and arun jaitley.
jd(u) president and bihar chief minister nitish kumar, party leader sharad yadav, tmc president and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee have met patnaik on the issue of presidential election.
however, patnaik has not given any assurance to any leader and maintained that he will take a decision at the appropriate time, sources said.
nomination papers for the presidential election can be filed between 14 and june 28.
the poll is scheduled to be held on july 17.
bjds decision regarding the presidential polls is considered significant as the party has 20 members in the lok sabha, nine members in the rajya sabha and 117 mlas in the 147-member odisha assembly.
b'delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal (express photo/praveen khanna) delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal (express photo/praveen khanna)the delhi high court on monday asked chief minister arvind kejriwal why cannot he apologise to a constable for allegedly using the slang thulla for policemen, when he has been seeking pardon from others like finance minister arun jaitley.
justice anu malhotra said if kejriwal is apologising to others for his remarks, why cant he do the same to the police officials and settle the matter.
his counsel said he would seek instructions from the chief minister on this, following which the court listed the matter for further hearing on may 29.
the court was hearing a plea by kejriwal seeking quashing of a trial court order summoning him in a criminal defamation complaint filed by a constable.
during the past few weeks, kejriwal has tendered apology to arunjaitley , bikram majithia and others for his comments against them.
the court had earlier stayed the trial court order summoning kejriwal in the defamation complaint filed by delhi police constable anil kumar taneja, who had sought dismissal of his petition seeking stay and quashing of the trial court order summoning him.
opposing the chief ministers plea, the constable in his reply, filed through advocate l n rao, had alleged that kejriwal had crossed all limits of decency by using the insulting word thulla for a policemen in an interview to a news channel.
taneja, who had filed the criminal defamation complaint filed on july 23, 2015, had claimed that by using the slang, kejriwal has intentionally insulted entire delhi police force as a whole and caused unnecessary provocation to the police personnel in delhi.
the high court in july last had asked kejriwal to explain the meaning of word thulla he had allegedly used against the policemen while staying the trial courts order.
the word used by kejriwal is a hindi word and the high court wanted to know its meaning as it does not exist in the dictionary.
earlier, kejriwals counsel had told the court that the word thulla was not used against all policemen but against those indulging in wrong practices.
pm narendra modi at e ahameds residence in new delhi on wednesday.
pti pm narendra modi at e ahameds residence in new delhi on wednesday.
ptihours after former union minister and lok sabha mp from indian union muslim league e ahamed died in hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest in parliament on tuesday afternoon, there was a long suspense on wednesday morning over whether the government would stick to schedule and finance minister arunjaitley will present the budget.
ahamed, who collapsed during president pranab mukherjees address on tuesday, was declared dead at 2.
15 am wednesday.
rml medical superintendent prof a k gadpayle said, the cause of death is complete heart block, cardiogenic shock and diabetes with hypertension.
watch video | congress leader k c venugopal gives adjournment motion notice in lok sabha over e ahameds deathwith congress and the left, among other opposition parties, demanding that the budget presentation be postponed, confusion prevailed this morning almost until arunjaitley tweeted, at 10.
19 am, watch me live presenting the union budget 2017 at 11 am, february 1, 2017 http://www.
loksabhatv.
nic.
in.
the indian express spoke to multiple sources to piece together the developments leading up to it.
armed with favourable inputs from legal experts, and two past precedents, the narendra modi government is learnt to have made up its mind early morning to go ahead with the budget.
being basant panchami, the day was considered very auspicious.
jaitley referred to it in his budget speech at least twice.
in conclusion, he said, there is no other day which is more appropriate for this than today.
within the government, there was also apprehension that the budget may get leaked if delayed, as it had been printed for distribution.
the process was set in motion soon after mukherjee finished his address on tuesday  a senior nda minister is learnt to have gone to the lok sabha secretary-generals office and asked what was then a hypothetical question: can the government continue presenting the budget if a sitting lok sabha mp had died a day before?
the minister, sources said, was informed that there are no categorical rules that make it mandatory for the house to be adjourned for a day in case of a sitting mps death.
watch video |budget 2017 interview: keki mistry, vice chairman & ceo, hdfc on affordable housing & moreparliament data also shows that on july 31, 1974, speaker gurdial singh dhillon did not adjourn the house after the death of minister m b rana.
he allowed then finance minister y b chavan to present the budget.
on april 19, 1954, sitting mp j p soren died on the day of railway budget but the house proceedings were held as scheduled.
on both occasions, the house was adjourned as a mark of respect, and reconvened within hours for the budget.
late tuesday evening, ahameds children, who flew in from abroad, had complained that they were not allowed to meet their father, and also that authorities at delhis rml hospital did not keep them informed about his state of health.
watch video | budget 2017: 5 things you need to understandcongress president sonia gandhi, accompanied by party leaders ahmed patel and ghulam nabi azad, arrived at the hospital after learning about this, but by then the family had been granted access.
sonia reportedly had an argument with the hospital administration and was led away by son, and congress vice-president, rahul.
finance minister arunjaitley tabling the union budget for 2017-18 in the parliament in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo/tv grab finance minister arunjaitley tabling the union budget for 2017-18 in the parliament in new delhi on wednesday.
but we spent more than what was budgeted and upped it in the last two years, said arunjaitley in the lok sabha.
speaking on corruption, the finance minister said, we were a high cash economy and this economy leads to tax evasion, corruption and a parallel economy.
if you are a cashless society, crimes will still take place, but cash is the biggest facilitator of crime, he said, adding that lakhs and crores of money returned to rbi post demonetisation move by the government initiated last year on november 9.
6 per cent.
he also said november and december were difficult months, but indirect and direct tax collections increased in december 2016.
he also assured the house that after gst implementation, the country will have a better and efficient tax system.
b'central government officials attributed the low off-take as a reflection of the demand as they said mgnrega was demand-driven.
central government officials attributed the low off-take as a reflection of the demand as they said mgnrega was demand-driven.
for states hit with severe drought, the latest decision of the ministry of rural development to continue providing 150 days of employment under mgnrega may come as a much-needed succour.
however, data shows that in 2015-16 of the households that were provided work under the scheme in these regions, merely 1.
8 per cent got full 150 days of employment.
the data for 10 drought-hit states show that a total of 1.
52 crore people got employment under mgnrega in the financial year ending march 31, 2015.
but of this, just 2.
80 lakh i.
e.
1.
8 per cent were employed for 150 days.
in states such as rajasthan and uttar pradesh, the proportion of such workers is 0.
2 per cent or less.
the data is specifically that of the 1 lakh gram panchayats in the 10 states categorised as drought affected including in maharashtra, telangana, karnataka, andhra pradesh, odisha, madhya pradesh, jharkhand and chhattisgarh.
however, central government officials attributed the low off-take as a reflection of the demand as they said mgnrega was demand-driven.
there isnt much gap between work demanded and supplied, said an official.
going by absolute numbers this is true: of the 1.
78 crore households registered as having demanded work, 85 per cent have been provided with some form of work under the scheme.
however, the registered official demand is a conservative figure of the actual demand on ground.
activists have blamed lack of funding for agencies at the state government level for not registering the demand unless they are able to provide work.
this is because the act mandates that once a demand is registered, work has to be provided within 15 days or else the state has to bear the liability of paying each worker an unemployment allowance.
nikhil dey of rajasthan-based mazdoor kisan shakti sangathan said, in a drought scenario, the government cant produce fodder or water and, hence, nrega is the only instrument that can generate work and wages for those affected.
last year, there werent even enough funds to provide for 100 days of work let alone 150 days.
unless the finance ministry gives funds required for mgnrega, neither the rural development ministry nor the state agencies can carry out their mandate.
the centre has claimed that the rs 38,500 crore allotted to the scheme in this years budget is the highest ever.
but dey pointed out that even if the scheme were to continue as per allocations in 2010-11 while adjusting for inflation, the current allocation would have to be nothing less than rs 65,000 crore.
mgnrega guarantees 100 days of wage employment annually for rural households willing to do unskilled manual work.
in september 2015, with the monsoon deficit adversely affecting kharif crop and, thereby, rural incomes, the cabinet approved 150 days of employment per household in drought-hit areas.
however, there was no corresponding increase in the budget allocation for the scheme.
last year, finance minister arunjaitley had promised an additional rs 5,000 crore if the scheme requires it.
however, it was only after several states sought more funds, the finance ministry released rs 2,000 crore.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
(pti file photo) delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
(pti file photo)finance minister arunjaitley loss in amritsar during the 2014 lok sabha polls came up during his cross questioning by senior lawyer ram jethmalani in the delhi high court tuesday.
the court is hearing a civil defamation suit filed by arunjaitley against chief minister arvind kejriwal.
jethmalani asked whether arunjaitley had, for the first time, put his reputation to test in a public election in a democratic manner while contesting from amritsar.
jaitley retorted: an election result is the outcome of several factors prevailing in the constituency and not merely a test of a candidates reputation, considering that (kejriwal) had lost the same lok sabha election in 2014 by 3.
5 lakh votes.
watch what else is making news:jaitley has sought damages worth rs 10 crore from kejriwal and five other aap leaders for statements they made alleging financial irregularities in the delhi & district cricket association (ddca) during the 13 years he was heading it.
the statements, arunjaitley has alleged, damaged his reputation.
many people on social media make irresponsible statements about people in public life, but when a cm endorses them, it becomes a serious matter.
he was responding to a question by jethmalani on why he did not sue academician madhu kishwar, who initially made the allegations on twitter, but filed a suit against kejriwal and others for merely reiterating them.
jaitley said he never thought of suing kishwar, but added that kejriwal, in endorsing her allegation, has committed a serious act of libel through his malicious falsehood, falsely alleging that my wife and daughter are linked to fake companies.
he took public discourse to a very low level.
when jethmalani confronted arunjaitley with various statements on alleged irregularities in ddca while he was heading it  purportedly made by cpm leader sitaram yechury and congress leaders ghulam nabi azad and ajay maken  the minister said he is not concerned with yechurys statements and not aware of statements made by others.
fridays hearing also saw arunjaitley address allegations against him by indian spinner bishen singh bedi, who wrote to the prime minister alleging irregularities in the ddca.
after (bedi) lost an election against me, the association of which i was the president had appointed him as the chief coach of the delhi (ranji) team for a period of three years.
his appointment could not continue beyond that period.
nonetheless, i always continued to maintain the due courtesies that he deserved as an eminent cricketer, said arunjaitley , adding, i do not recollect if the pm had shown me a letter addressed to him by bedi.
jaitley said bedis letter was written in 2015, even though he had quit the cricket body in 2013 itself.
he also said the contents of the letter are not true.
jethmalani then asked him: you are allowed to continue as the finance minister by the pm because of your promise to seek a judicial decision in your favour of allegations made by bedi, what do you have to say?
jaitley responded: the suggestion is denied in entirety.
jethmalani also asked: are you aware that i advised mr narendra modi not to set you up as a candidate from the amritsar seat?
joint registrar arun kumar, who is hearing the cross questioning, disallowed the question.
the cross-questioning will resume on may 15.
b'the nda government recognised that at the outset.
at its very first cabinet meeting, this government passed an ordinance approving the transfer of seven mandals in telangana to andhra pradesh.
(illustration by: c r sasikumar) the nda government recognised that at the outset.
at its very first cabinet meeting, this government passed an ordinance approving the transfer of seven mandals in telangana to andhra pradesh.
(illustration by: c r sasikumar)the curtains have finally come down on the issue of granting special category state (scs) status to andhra pradesh with the centre announcing a special package for the state.
merely according scs status to andhra pradesh will not help in removing the states backwardness.
it will also not address the problems andhra pradesh has been beset with after telangana was carved out.
however, had the centre not been constrained by legal and administrative factors  the non-inclusion of the scs provision in the ap reorganisation act and the recommendations of the 14th finance commission  it would have made andhra pradesh a scs state.
the government has worked out the best possible alternative.
andhra pradesh does require special treatment.
the nda government recognised that at the outset.
at its very first cabinet meeting, this government passed an ordinance approving the transfer of seven mandals in telangana to andhra pradesh.
this was necessary for the speedy implementation of the multi-purpose polavaram project, andhra pradeshs lifeline.
finance minister arunjaitley has declared that the centre will bear the entire expenditure for the project.
scs states have an advantage when it comes to the funding of centrally-sponsored projects.
the centre bears 90 per cent of the costs of such projects in scs states; it gives them loans to fund the remaining 10 per cent.
the funds-loan ratio for non-scs states is 60:40.
the finance minister has assured andhra pradesh that the centre will plug the states funding deficits in centrally-sponsored schemes.
in other words, andhra pradesh will get the money it would have been entitled to had it been made an scs state; it will probably get more.
such handholding will continue till andhra pradesh achieves all-round development and is on par with developed states in the country.
the protests by the congress, ysr congress party and the left parties are politically-motivated and aimed at misleading the people.
section 93 of the ap reorganisation act notes, the central government shall take all necessary measures as enumerated in the 13th schedule for the progress and sustainable development of the successor states within a period of 10 years from the appointed day.
in this context, it should be noted that the centre has sanctioned 13 national-level institutions in andhra pradesh of which 10 have started functioning.
it should also be mentioned that the polavaram project was started way back in1982, but there was no progress on it till the nda came to power.
the nda government has, in fact, gone beyond the provisions of the ap reorganisation act when it comes to creating new institutions in andhra pradesh.
these include the national institute of ocean technology (niot) at nellore, central institute of plastics engineering and technology (cipet) at vijayawada and indian culinary institute at tirupati.
the act was drafted in a casual manner and that is impeding the speedy execution of development projects in andhra pradesh.
one sentence notes, the sail shall examine within six months of the appointed day, the feasibility of establishing an integrated steel plant in ysr kadapa district of the successor state.
another sentence notes that the centre would examine the feasibility of establishing a vizag-chennai industrial corridor, while yet another sentence mentions that railways shall examine establishing a new railway zone in the successor state of andhra pradesh.
sail has stated that it is not feasible to start a steel plant in ysr kadapa district.
but the nda government has not given up the matter and has constituted a task force to look into the issue.
the sanctioning of a railway zone is also under consideration.
union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan has announced three projects worth rs 52,000 crore for andhra pradesh: the expansion of hpcl, a petrochemical complex and a petroleum university.
union minister for road transport nitin gadkari has announced national highways projects worth rs 64,000 crore.
defence projects are also coming up in the state.
these include drdos rs 3,266-crore naval air station at bobbili in vizianagaram district, rs 1,000-crore missile test facility at nagayalanka in krishna district, bels missile integration and manufacturing unit at palasamudram in anantapur with an investment of rs 600 crore.
work is also in progress on the vizag-chennai corridor and chennai-bangalore corridor (passing through andhra pradesh).
three smart cities visakhapatnam, kakinada and tirupati  with an outlay of rs 1,500 crore have been sanctioned.
rs 1,000 crore has been sanctioned for underground sewerage and stormwater drainage systems for guntur and vijayawada.
the list of sanctioned projects is a long one but suffice it to say that all these projects and institutions will create employment, generate wealth and ensure equitable and all round development of andhra pradesh.
i have taken personal interest and interacted with central government ministers to expedite projects that have been sanctioned.
our political detractors, particularly those from the congress, have no moral right to criticise us after having betrayed the interests of andhra pradesh.
it would be apt to recall the statement of senior congress leader and former union minister veerappa moily, who opposed the incentives to andhra pradesh and telangana.
during a debate in the lok sabha in march 2015, he said that additional investment allowance and depreciation allowance for telangana and andhra pradesh would lead to a flight of capital from karnataka, kerala and bihar.
how can you create such inequalities between states, he asked.
it is true that scs would have brought some benefits to andhra pradesh.
but a patently false impression has been created that it is the panacea for all problems.
some of our political detractors went to the extent of saying that each district in andhra pradesh would become as developed as hyderabad if the state gets scs status.
nothing is farther from truth.
hyderabad did not evolve into a throbbing, developed metropolis overnight and its development is the result of the cumulative efforts of successive governments over the past many decades.
let us not forget that the city has a history of more than four centuries.
the nda government will continue to help the andhra pradesh government realise its dream of building a sunrise state with a world class capital.
there will be special attention, special support and special assistance for andhra pradesh.
b'file photo: august 24, 2016.
lt governor of puducherry kiran bedi presenting customary address on the opening day of the budget session of assembly.
(source: pti) file photo: august 24, 2016.
lt governor of puducherry kiran bedi presenting customary address on the opening day of the budget session of assembly.
(source: pti)the puducherry assembly friday ratified the goods and service tax (gst) constitution amendment bill amid a walkout by aiadmk members and continuing boycott by opposition ainrc.
the house adopted a resolution tabled by chief minister v narayanasamy for ratification of the bill, seen as the single biggest tax reform in decades.
he asserted that steps had been taken to ensure that the new tax regime did not affect the union territory.
the bill, passed by parliament, needs to be ratified by at least 15 state legislatures.
as narayanasamy tabled the resolution, aiadmks legislature party leader a anbalagan raised apprehensions that the gst act would be injurious to the union territory.
he also said the government should have given time to the members before bringing in the resolution and led the walkout by four members of aiadmk.
all the eight members of opposition ainrc were also not present as they boycotted the assembly proceedings since wednesday last.
earlier, narayanasamy, leading the congress government, said he had at a meeting of the empowered committee of all state finance ministers on gst, made out a strong case to protect the interests of puducherry and union finance minister arunjaitley had assured to take care of it.
he said puducherry government would continue to have its right to levy service tax and also tax on liquor.
we have taken care that the gst bill does not inflict any hardship on puducherry, narayanaswamy said.
after the chief minister`s reply, speaker v vaithilingam announced that the resolution was passed unanimously.
adr said complete transparency in the finances of political parties has still not been adopted in the budget 2017-18.
adr said complete transparency in the finances of political parties has still not been adopted in the budget 2017-18.
governments proposed reforms in political funding are inconsequential as they will continue to remain opaque while the proposal to limit cash donations at rs 2,000 is flawed in terms of accountability, disclosure and political will, according to think-tank adr.
association for democratic reforms (adr) keeps a close tab on elections as well as related topics, including on finances of political parties.
a day after the government proposed a slew of measures to make political funding more transparent, adr said complete transparency in the finances of political parties has still not been adopted in the budget 2017-18.
the budget, while promising transparency and accountability in political funding, does not answer questions on how it would be implemented at the ground level nor has it promised implementation of related reforms proposed by the election commission and law commission of india, adr said in a statement today.
the budget fails to address the issue of transparency, disclosure and penalties of political parties, it said.
while this is the first union budget to raise the issue of transparency in political funding with an attempt to make parties accountable for their funding, adr said it is unfortunate that complete transparency in the finances of political parties has still not been adopted in the budget 2017-18.
the proposed reforms are inconsequential as political funding will continue to remain opaque, it added.
further, adr noted that the proposal to limit cash donations to rs 2,000 is flawed on three counts  accountability, disclosure and political will.
the budget does not promise scrutiny of income declared by political parties from various sources and corresponding measures of penalisation without which the reforms will remain incomplete.
unless scrutiny of accounts of political parties is taken up by a body approved by cag or eci, parties declared income is unlikely to reflect their true income, it said.
the budget does not propose that details of all donors who donate above rs 2,000 be made available to it department or an external body auditing the accounts of political parties, it said.
even if donors make donations by cheque/dd or electronic transfer, unless their complete information is available for audit scrutiny, sources of donations below rs 20,000 to political parties will continue to stay hidden, it added.
the budget limits cash donations to political parties from a single anonymous source to 10 per cent of the current rs 20,000 cap.
this in line with a recommendation by the election commission.
political parties were entitled to receive donations in cheque or digital mode even before it was proposed in the budget and hence had the option of accepting donations in such forms that can be traced to a donor.
adr said that while digital mode of payment has been encouraged, other forms of anonymous donations such as sale of coupons, have not been curtailed.
for complete transparency, apart from digitisation of donations, the government of india should also take immediate steps to implement other electoral and political reforms proposed by eci and law commission, it said.
the national and regional parties should lead by example by filing complete and correct statements of donations to the eci well in time for public scrutiny so as to encourage financial transparency, adr noted.
they must also provide all information on their finances under right to information act.
this will go a long way in strengthening political parties, elections and democracy, it added.
the representation of the people act (rpa) stipulates that for a party to claim tax exemption, treasurer of the party has to submit a donation report declaring details of donors who contributed above rs 20,000 but there is no legal provision where political parties are debarred from disclosing details of donors who donated below rs 20,000.
this only shows a lack of political will, it added.
we are quite confident of being able to stick to the target date, he said.
we are quite confident of being able to stick to the target date, he said.
finalising tax rates for six pending items including gold, biscuits, packaged and branded cereals and flour, the goods and services tax (gst) council, at its fifteenth meeting on saturday, decided to lower tax incidence on footwear, textiles and apparels below rs 1,000.
the council, however, decided to set a higher taxation rate of 3 per cent on gold and gold jewellery, making them slightly more expensive from july 1.
the council, with representatives of states and centre, also agreed on the july 1 rollout for the indirect tax regime.
west bengal was the exception  its finance minister amit mitra said the rollout of gst from july 1 would have serious problems and there was no harm in delaying its implementation by a month.
we are quite confident of being able to stick to the target date, he said.
the council decided to tax footwear below rs 500 at 5 per cent under the gst, while the rest would be taxed at 18 per cent.
made-up apparels below rs 1,000 will be taxed at 5 per cent, while those priced above rs 1,000 will be taxed at 12 per cent.
under the textiles category, the council decided to tax all types of fabric at 5 per cent from the current total tax incidence of around 18 per cent.
silk and jute fibres will continue to be tax exempt, while other natural fibres including cotton will be taxed at 5 per cent.
manmade yarn and fibres, however, will be taxed at a higher rate of 18 per cent.
biscuits will be taxed at a flat rate of 18 per cent as against the current tax incidence (including octroi) of 20.
6 per cent for biscuits below rs 100 per kg and 23.
11 per cent for other biscuits.
gold and gold jewellery will be taxed at 3 per cent, while rough diamonds will attract a tax of 0.
25 per cent under the indirect tax regime.
at present, gold jewellery has total tax incidence of 2 per cent, with an excise duty of 1 per cent, without cenvat credit and vat rates for most states at 1 per cent except kerala (5 per cent), maharashtra (1.
2 per cent) and tripura (2 per cent).
vat rates of states on diamonds and precious stones are the same as that for jewellery, except gujarat, where there is no vat for rough diamonds.
bidis will be taxed at the highest rate of 28 per cent, with no levy of cess, while bidi wrapper (tendu) leaves will be taxed at 18 per cent.
at present, the average total tax incidence on bidi is 25.
68 per cent, while that on tendu leaves is 8.
41 per cent with octroi.
the gst rate recommended by the fitment committee was 5 per cent, but madhya pradesh, a major manufacturer of tendu leaves, had suggested a rate of 28 per cent.
packaged cereals and flour with registered trademarks will be taxed at 5 per cent from no tax at present.
in the previous gst council meeting, it was decided to levy no tax on unbranded flour.
on saturday, council members were also apprised about the variation in retail prices of branded cereals, pulses and flour.
the average retail price of wheat flour, as per department of consumer affairs, is rs 24.
51 per kg, while prices of branded wheat flour by various companies range from rs 33-58 per kg.
for branded rice, the retail prices range from rs 79 per kg to rs 88 per kg.
it was also decided to tax agricultural equipments under two tax slabs of 5 per cent and 12 per cent.
under gst, agricultural and horticultural machinery will be taxed at 12 per cent as against the present tax incidence of 13.
79 per cent (with octroi), while cleaning/sorting/grading/milling machinery will be taxed at 5 per cent from present tax incidence of 8.
79 per cent (with octroi).
the council also clarified the definition of puja samagri which has been exempted under the gst regime to include rudraksha, sacred thread, wooden khadau, unbranded honey, panchamrit and diya wick.
despite appeals by the manufacturers of agarbatti or incense sticks, on which a 12 per cent tax has been proposed, the council decided against exempting agarbattis.
the council had fitted over 1,200 goods and 500 services in the tax bracket of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent last month, but had kept six items and two rules pending for approval.
on saturday, the council approved the two pending draft rules pertaining to transition and returns.
it decided to amend the transition rules allowing traders and retailers to get 60 per cent of deemed credit for cgst/sgst payable where the tax rate exceeds 18 per cent.
for tax rate below 18 per cent, it will be retained at 40 per cent.
the draft transition law provided that once gst is implemented, a company can claim credit of up to 40 per cent of their central gst dues for excise duty paid on stock held by businesses prior to the rollout.
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said for transition stock, the government will refund 100 per cent excise duty for goods valued above rs 25,000 and goods bearing the brand name of the manufacturer and having a serial number such as chassis number for tv, fridge, or cars.
on all those items, even if it is coming through the dealer, the manufacturer will give the credit transfer document to the distributor and the distributor will be able to take 100 per cent credit for the big ticket items, adhia said.
the next council meeting will be on june 11 wherein it will take up the tax rate for lottery and other pending rules of e-way bill and accounts and records.
the punjab and haryana high court friday issued notices to the union ministry of finance and central board for direct taxes (cbdt) on a petition filed by senior haryana-cadre ias officer ashok khemka against the rejection of his rti application seeking information related to a 2016 union budget proposal to impose tax on withdrawal of 60 per cent of employees provident fund (epf).
the plea alleges that corporate lobbying and commercial interests of private players were behind the proposal mooted by finance minister arun jaitley.
advertisingthe march 2016 application under the rti act was rejected by the cbdt in october 2017 on the ground that the information pertained to the legislative process and the information including the file noting related to the proposal (withdrawn later) was exempted from public disclosure as they were confidential and based on fiduciary relationship between the officers concerned.
the cbdt also claimed exemption under the section 8(1)(a), (d), and (e) of the act.
in november 2017, the appellate authority rejected the appeal.
central information commission in april 2019 upheld the decisions of the cbdt.
challenging the orders against the rejection of his rti request and seeking directions for disclosure of the information, khemka in the plea, filed through advocate shreenath a, argued that the papers forming part of the legislative process are not exempted from disclosure under section 8 of the act as claimed by the cbdt.
the plea also said that the budget was passed without the proposal, which means the legislative proposal has ended and is no longer under active consideration.
on friday, justice augustine george masih sought a reply from the respondents fixing september 30 as the next date of hearing.
according to the petition, finance minister arunjaitley , in february 2016, made a proposal to tax 60 per cent withdrawal from the epf, on retirement, or any other recognized provident fund with the exclusive exemption to those who had invested the money in private funds.
however, the proposal was withdrawn a month later following an outcry from the labour unions and government employees.
advertisingconcerns of crony capitalism and politico-corporate corruption were highlighted across public discussion on the aforesaid proposal.
petitioner being conscientious citizen, sought to examine the reasons behind such an ostensibly arbitrary policy decision; and the reasons for its swift redaction through an rti application in march 2016, the plea said.
the information sought includes the copy of file noting, proposal received or study reports leading to the budget proposal to introduce the income tax on 60 per cent withdrawals from epf in the speech of the finance minister and the file noting leading to the withdrawal of the proposal on march 8, 2016.
stating that all the citizens have a right to information and the file notings are an integral part of that information, khemka in the plea further said there cannot be a liberal interpretation of the exemptions provided under section 8 of the rti act.
section 8 (1) (a) of the act allows the authorities to withhold information, which could prejudicially affect the sovereignty and integrity of the state or security, strategic, scientific or economic interest of the state.
khemkas plea reads, the information merely seeks to understand the material, which formed the part of the proposal and the reasons which lead to its redaction.
the authority must demonstrate how the disclosure of said information would lead to the perils highlighted in the sub-section.
anything to the contrary would give arbitrary and wide ranging powers to the state to deny information, without even assigning an ostensible reason for non-disclosure.
on exemption taken under section 8 (1) (d), which pertains to withholding information pertaining to the private commercial interests of third parties, the plea said, the very fact that the clause has been invoked in the present case means that commercial interests of private players were behind the aforesaid proposalthe concerns of corruption and corporate lobbying in the proposal are strengthened.
such reactions are only to be expected in a country where no party or government wants to be perceived as anti-farmer, even if the proposed measure in this case will make no difference to the vast majority of those engaged in agricultural activity.
such reactions are only to be expected in a country where no party or government wants to be perceived as anti-farmer, even if the proposed measure in this case will make no difference to the vast majority of those engaged in agricultural activity.
niti aayog member bibek debroys suggestion to tax agricultural incomes above a certain threshold has met with predictable howls of protests, including from the ruling partys farmers wing.
agriculture, to quote the president of the bjps kisan morcha, virendra singh, is a way of life in india.
ergo, can you tax a way of life?
the narendra modi government, too, has been quick to distance itself from debroys personal views, with finance minister arunjaitley stating that the centre neither has powers under the constitution nor plans to impose any tax on agriculture income.
such reactions are only to be expected in a country where no party or government wants to be perceived as anti-farmer, even if the proposed measure in this case will make no difference to the vast majority of those engaged in agricultural activity.
as per the 2010-11 agriculture census, over 95 per cent of indias 13.
84 crore operational holdings are of below four hectares (10 acres) size.
not many farmers falling within this holding limit  barring those growing very high-value crops under assured irrigation conditions  would be drawing an annual income above rs 5 lakh, which currently attracts zero personal tax liability with rebate.
moreover, agriculture could be treated as a business for tax purposes, with all expenses relating to it  whether on farm inputs, labour, interest, crop insurance premium or leased land rentals  being deductible from income.
farmers can also be entitled to claim depreciation on fixed assets  from tractors and drip irrigation systems to cattle  and carry-forward/set-off their losses from year to year or against income from other sources.
this will not only ensure that the bulk of agricultural incomes remain untaxed, but also incentivise farmers to undertake productivity-boosting investments in their land.
genuine farmers or those cultivating less than, say, 10 acres  it could be higher for un-irrigated holdings  will, thus, have nothing to fear if agricultural incomes are brought under the tax net.
on the contrary, once we know the real incomes of farmers, it is possible for the government to even supplement these through direct payment programmes  which is how it is in advanced countries, whether or not agriculture is a way of life for them.
the voices of opposition to the taxing of farm incomes today are primarily coming from politicians, bollywood stars, stockbrokers and other assorted high net-worth individuals, who clearly dont need agriculture to sustain their way of life.
for many of them, section 10(1) of the income tax act is simply a provision that facilitates tax avoidance/evasion through declaration of farming as a source of income.
the time has come to call the bluff on these so-called farmers.
the nhps scheme, which primarily offers support for clinical services such as hospitalisation, is unlikely to help fix the broken public health system in the country.
most primary healthcare centres suffer from perennial shortage of doctors and even district hospitals are without specialists.
the nhps scheme, which primarily offers support for clinical services such as hospitalisation, is unlikely to help fix the broken public health system in the country.
most primary healthcare centres suffer from perennial shortage of doctors and even district hospitals are without specialists.
india is presently in a state of health transition.
infectious diseases such as tuberculosis, malaria, dengue, h1n1 pandemic influenza and antimicrobial resistance remain a continued threat to health and economic security.
at the same time, the country is having to confront the emerging problem of chronic non-communicable diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, cancer which are now the leading cause of mortality.
this epidemiological transition is being fueled by social and economic determinants of health, as well as by demographic changes such as an ageing population, by environmental factors such as climate change, and by factors such as globalization, urbanization and changing lifestyles.
as a result, the health infrastructure is already under severe strain.
moreover, the high cost of health care and out of pocket expenditure force families to sell their assets, pushing nearly 60 million people every year into poverty.
the new initiativeto address these challenges, finance minister arunjaitley on february 1 unveiled the worlds largest government-funded health programme called national health protection scheme (nhps), covering 10 crore families or approximately 50 crore population, with rs 5 lakh insurance cover per family per year.
the scheme is for secondary and tertiary healthcare, mainly for hospital care.
this flagship scheme is likely to benefit more than 37  of the population, meaning that nearly all the poor and vulnerable families will be covered.
the government will require rs 12000 crore for its implementation, with cost shared on a 60:40 basis between central and state governments.
the sub-centres which at present cater to a population of about 5000 people each and are manned by two paramedical staff.
the ayushman bharat programme is apparently driven by two main aims: 1) to strengthen primary health care which has been lacking in the country and 2) to offer finacial protection from catastrophic expenditure, often encountered once a family member is sick and needs long-term health care.
implementation is keythe scheme, if implemented properly could be a game changer by enhancing access to health care including early detection and treatment services by a large section of society who otherwise could not afford them.
the identification of beneficiaries can be done by linking with aadhar and similarly following up for services received and health outcomes achieved, thereby helping to monitor and evaluate the impact of the programme.
ultimately, nhps could help country move towards universal health coverage and equitable access to healthcare which is one of the un sustainable development goals or sdgs.
this new scheme builds on the already existing rashtriya swasthya bima yojna or rsby  a health insurance scheme for the below poverty line families, with entitlement of upto rs 30,000 per annum for diseases requiring hospitalization.
however, given that states are expected to agree for 40 per cent share under the nhps and that health being a state subject, state ownership and commitment will be critical for the success of the programme.
the finance minister has made a budget allocation at rs 52,800 crores for the health ministry, up from rs 47,352 crore during the previous year signifying an increase of 11 , yet as percentage of the gdp, it is still among the lowest in the world.
in addition, government plans increase the levy of health cess from 3 to 4 .
according to health minister j p nadda, rs 2000 crore has been allocated as of now.
it is clear that the nhps scheme, which primarily offers support for clinical services such as hospitalization, is unlikely to help fix the broken public health system in the country.
the most critical issue remains the limited and uneven distribution of human resources at various levels of health services, with up to 40 per cent of health worker posts lying vacant in some states.
most primary health care centres suffer from perennial shortage of doctors and even district hospitals are without specialists.
without addressing the human resouce situation, public sector health care will remain of poor quality and largely unacceptable, forcing patients to go to the private sector.
therefore, it seems as if nhps is likely to benefit private parties more than government health services.
this will ultimately be unsustainable and even detrimental for the poor for whom the scheme is intended.
to maximise benefits, it may be wise to establish a link among various health initiatives announced in the budget and also with related programmes such as the national health mission.
clarity is also needed on what services will be provided by government health facilities and for which conditions patients will have to use private parties and what mechanisms are being thought of.
there is a need for uniformly pricing systems for various health interventions, including diagnostics and medicines, and making them transparent by displaying them in hospital premises.
moreover, a continuum of care system also needs to be established by linking institutions or hospitals, with health centres and the community.
community engagement is thus crucial in planning and implementation of the programme and in ensuring that the health and wellness centres and the primary health centres are responsive to the needs of the community.
for the success of the programme, effective implementation is the key.
for this an independent body or unit may be set up within the ministry of health & family welfare to plan, coordinate, and provide technical backstopping to states, including in capacity building and development of standards and guidelines for the programme.
such a unit will ensure uniform and systematic approach to programme implementation across the country.
finally, the scheme is innovative and path-breaking in the history of public health in india, which may have a transformative impact if implemented in an effective and coordinated manner.
the enduring interest and level of discussion in the media does reflect the wider realization in the country that only healthy people can build a strong and prosperous nation.
the union cabinet said red beacons on vehicles are a symbol of vip culture.
the union cabinet said red beacons on vehicles are a symbol of vip culture.
the union cabinet on wednesday decided to ban the use of red beacons on all vip vehicles, including those of the president, vice-president and prime minister, from may 1.
emergency services, like ambulances and fire brigade, will be allowed to use blue beacons.
from may 1, no person in the country will be able to put a red light on their vehicles.
the government is of the considered opinion that beacons on vehicles are perceived as symbols of vip culture and have no place in a democratic country, said the ministry of road, transport and highways in a statement.
it hailed the decision as a historic step towards strengthening healthy democratic values.
this government is a government of the common masses, and has decided to abolish the vip culture of beacon lights and sirens, said road and transport minister nitin gadkari.
during the cabinet meeting, prime minister narendra modi is learnt to have announced that that rule 108 (i) and 108 (ii) of the motor vehicles act, which allow central and state governments to permit red beacons for dignitaries, would be scrapped.
besides the president, vice-president and prime minister, many other dignitaries like the lok sabha speaker, chief justice of india, governors, chief ministers, chief justices of high courts, supreme court judges and leader of opposition are currently allowed red beacons.
earlier, the supreme court had also asked all state governments to restrict the list of vips who are allowed beacons on their vehicles.
some state governments have already barred the use of red beacons.
in punjab, for instance, soon after winning the assembly polls, chief minister captain amarinder singh decided to remove red beacons from all government vehicles, including those of the chief minister and all ministers.
in uttar pradesh too, chief minister yogi adityanath ordered that no state minister would be allowed to use red beacons on their vehicles.
and in delhi, chief minister chief minister arvind kejriwal had said that no state minister or official would use red beacons.
among the 66 items whose goods and services tax (gst) rates were revised on sunday by finance minister arunjaitley included movie tickets too.
while the gst on movie tickets priced under rs 100 has been slashed to 18 per cent, as against 28 per cent proposed earlier, the tickets priced above rs 100 will continue to attract 28 per cent gst, as proposed earlier.
though the gst rate has been revised for movie tickets priced under rs 100, those associated with the industry feel that despite the rate being lessened, the gst, which will come into effect from july 1, will hit the marathi industry hard.
sadanand mohol, president of pune exhibitors association, that has 13 single screen theatres under its wings, given that so far there was no entertainment tax was charged for regional films, so any amount of entertainment tax will deter moviegoers from coming to theatre.
the biggest impact of this will be on single-screen theatre owners who have been suffering losses from the past many years post the arrival of multiplexes.
mohol added the gst on movie tickets will also hit the marathi film industry in a big way.
the marathi films, he says, have been struggling to find takers in the recent past and thus a rise in the price of movie tickets will further reduce the footfalls.
with this move, producers will think multiple times before investing in marathi films.
in rural areas, especially, theatre owners will suffer irrecoverable losses, he said.
prakash chaphalkar, member of all india multiplex association and the owner of mangala, a multiplex which was a single-screen theatre till a few years ago, said that considering there is no exemption for the regional films in gst, it is up to the state government now to take a call whether or not make any provision for the regional films in so that they dont run into losses.
however, in the light of the present financial condition of the state, i dont see it happening any sooner.
the state has already suffered financially due to two recent moves  banning the restaurants (situated near highway) from serving liquor and the recent loan waiver to farmers, he said.
chaphalkar said that the 28 per cent gst may be beneficial for cities like mumbai where entertainment tax charged was 40 to 45 per cent so far.
however, all in all, the gst rates will affect the film trade, including theatre owners, producers and, particularly, the regional film industry, he said.
filmmaker sujay sunil dahake, who made national award winning film shala, says that after demonetisation, a dip in the number of marathi film producers has been witnessed.
the gst on movie tickets, he says, will only make the producers hesitant to invest in marathi films.
the marathi film audience was still trying to adjust to the switch from single-screen theatre to multiplexes in terms of the ticket price.
this (gst) will only make the situation worse, he says.
meghraj rajebhosale, president, akhil bharatiya marathi chitrapat mahamandal (abmcm), the apex marathi film body, said that the stakeholders have had a meeting with the state government officials and have demanded a way out.
if the matter is not resolved by july 1, before the implementation of gst, the film industry representatives will launch a strike.
with the introduction of gst, releasing a film and finding audience will get difficult for the filmmakers.
theatre owners will not be able to recover costs, he said.
b'rbi governor raghuram rajan.
(express photo by prashant nadkar) rbi governor raghuram rajan.
(express photo by prashant nadkar)there are two ways to look at the latest monetary policy review by the reserve bank of india.
on the face of it, governor raghuram rajan did not press any of the buttons he could have.
the benchmark rates, such as the repo rate and the cash reserve ratio, remain unchanged.
but the view that since the rbi did not do anything, it was a non-event, would be missing the sophisticated proposition rajan laid out for the narendra modi government, especially finance minister arunjaitley , who will present the union budget later this month.
rajans assessment offers two key takeaways.
one, irrespective of the sharp fall in global commodity prices, especially crude oil, the inflation faced by consumers in india continues to remain high and sticky.
as such, rajan, known for his single-minded approach to curbing inflation, made it clear yet again that he will stay the course, even though there is always pressure on him to cut interest rates in order to fuel growth.
the reserve bank continues to be accommodative while awaiting further data on the development of inflation, he said.
rajan has effectively chosen to predicate future monetary policy action (read rate cuts) on the fiscal policy actions (read fiscal rectitude) of the government.
structural reforms in the forthcoming union budget that boost growth while controlling spending will create more space for monetary policy to support growth, while also ensuring that inflation remains on the projected path of 5 per cent by the end of 2016-17.
that, in a nutshell, is the challenge for jaitley.
the indian economy has been widely seen as a beacon of stability.
yet, as several analysts, including the governments own mid-year review, noted in december, for the current growth to sustain, investments need to pick up.
the second related takeaway is about the limits of interest rate cuts in promoting such an investment-led growth.
for one, estimates by the rbi and the nipfp show that interest rate costs are just 2 to 3 per cent of the total production costs.
moreover, large capital investments, as against working capital requirements, follow long-term interest rate cycles, where peaks and troughs cancel out.
stalled projects continue to remain high, and there is a decline in new investment intentions, perhaps on the back of low capacity utilisation, said the rbi statement.
the hurdle holding back investments is not necessarily high interest rates  it is the poor financial state of the corporate sector as well as the banks.
that is why interest rate cuts made in the past have witnessed a very poor transmission.
on both counts, the rbi is justified in waiting for the government to first unveil a viable fiscal framework.
smriti irani has been removed as i&b minister while piyush goyal has been given the additional portfolio of finance.
(express photos) smriti irani has been removed as i&b minister while piyush goyal has been given the additional portfolio of finance.
(express photos)days before the government marks its fourth year, prime minister narendra modi reshuffled portfolios of his ministers, temporarily assigning finance ministry and corporate affairs to piyush goyal during the period of indisposition of finance minister arunjaitley who underwent a renal transplant surgery on monday.
and removing smriti irani from the information and broadcasting ministry and assigning it to minister of state (independent charge) rajyavardhan singh rathore who has been mos in the ministry since november 2014.
while goyal will continue with his charge of railways and coal ministries, the reshuffle made two lateral shifts as well: alphons kannanthanam was relieved of his duties as minister of state in the ministry of electronics and information technology.
he has been replaced by s s ahluwalia who will assist cabinet minister ravi shankar prasad in the ministry.
while kannanthanam retains his duties as mos (independent charge) in the ministry of tourism, ahluwalia has been relieved as mos in charge of drinking water and sanitation to take charge as mos in the ministry of electronics and information technology.
this reallocation of portfolios was announced late evening by rashtrapati bhavan.
since there is neither any new induction nor there is a change in ranks of the reshuffled ministers, no swearing-in ceremony is required for this.
though the press communique called it a reallocation of portfolios, it also signalled the changing political weight of the ministers.
assigning finance to piyush goyal during jaitleys indisposition reflected an enhanced trust in goyals capabilities to handle such a high-profile responsibility while retaining his heavyweight portfolios like railways and coal.
the move also comes after the leg-up goyal got during the cabinet reshuffle last september when he was elevated to cabinet rank and assigned the politically important railways ministry.
the temporary charge of finance adds to the rising profile of goyal who was at the vanguard of defending and explaining demonetisation in the days and weeks after november 2016.
in contrast, divesting irani of her i&b portfolio during an election year sends a signal to the partys rank and file.
irani will retain textiles which she has had since july 2016.
for irani, this is the second downgrade after she was shunted out from the crucial hrd portfolio in july 2016.
iranis tenure in i&b that lasted for less than 10 months was recently dogged by controversy.
most recently, rashtrapati bhavan was peeved at the way her ministry had handled the national film awards; last month, the prime ministers office had to intervene to withdraw her unprecedented order blacklisting journalists in the name of cracking down on fake news; and her running battle with prasar bharati played out in public raising questions of institutional autonomy and government interference.
on may 3, the president was to hand over a select number of awards at the national film awards as had been conveyed to the i&b ministry at least three weeks earlier.
but the ministry sent out invites to the awardees stating that the president would give the awards.
the winners were informed just a day before the ceremony that most of them would get their awards from irani which led to a protest  an estimated 50 of the 125 winners boycotted the ceremony.
this after rashtrapati bhavan had been in touch with i&b ministry since march and had informed them that he would not spend more than an hour at the event.
a month earlier, on april 2, the i&b ministry issued guidelines to blacklist any journalist found to have created and/ or propagated fake news leading to protests by several news organisations and opposition parties.
irani defended her decision but the statement had to be withdrawn in less than 24 hours after the prime ministers office intervened the next morning and directed that the matter of fake news be addressed by the press council of india.
in late february, the ministry had sacked managing director of national film development corp (nfdc) nina lath gupta for allegedly not following protocol in conducting the government companys corporate affairs.
gupta asked to leave with immediate effect, got a stay against her termination from the delhi high court.
the ministry had to backtrack on its order and issued a fresh termination letter to gupta on april 24 withdrawing all allegations of impropriety against gupta embarrassing the government once again.
sworn in as the hrd minister on may 26, 2014, irani had run into several controversies there, too, and was replaced in july 2016 by prakash javadekar.
irani was then moved to the textiles ministry.
in july 2017, when m venkaiah naidu decided to run for vice president of india and stepped down, irani was given the i&b ministry.
just before she was moved out of hrd, her ministry was locked in a tussle with the pmo on the degree of autonomy that the governments proposed world-class universities should enjoy.
this is the fifth reshuffle in this government.
while in november 2014, july 2016 and september 2107, the cabinet saw the induction of new ministers and a reshuffle of portfolios, in july 2017 and on monday there were only lateral shifts.
finance minister arun jaitley.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) finance minister arun jaitley.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)union finance minister arunjaitley on saturday accused the congress of running a strange campaign in gujarat by mocking development and spreading the poison of casteism.
jaitley also targetted rahul gandhi over his recent remarks on the goods and services tax (gst), saying he firmly believes that the congress vice-president has no knowledge of the subject.
during the last three elections in gujarat, the congress tried to target a person (narendra modi).
they used the entire government machinery during the 2007 and 2012 elections, misused the cbi, used anti-national elements in the form of terrorists, he alleged.
this time i find the situation very strange.
this is for the first time  not only in india but in the entire world  that a political party is starting its campaign by showing development as something bad.
if anything does not work than you spread the poison of casteism to stop developmental politics.
all other states of the country where poison of casteism has been spread have lagged way behind in development, he said, denouncing the congresss attempt to woo caste leaders like hardik patel, jignesh mevani and alpesh thakor.
when development takes place, highways are made, universities are built, electricity is supplied, then all the sections of society are benefited.
development helps all, he said.
in this developing part of india, if you are trying to denigrate development or win elections on the basis of dividing people along caste lines, it is not good for the society and the country, the minister said.
he said that since the 2002 elections, the bjps main agenda in gujarat had been development and they had not wavered from that path despite many distractions.
finance ministers of congress state governments are present in the gst council and were part of the decision making process.
they have given their approval for every decision taken (in the council).
to become opportunistic at the time of elections does not mean that you have the understanding of the subject.
we carried out demonetisation with certain goals, like to increase the tax base, reduce the use of cash and hit terrorism and naxalism networks, he said.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
(express photo by dilip kagda) finance minister arun jaitley.
(express photo by dilip kagda)following are the highlights of the recommendations made by the 7th central pay commission, headed by justice a k mathur, which submitted its report to finance minister arunjaitley today:* 23.
55 per cent increase in pay and allowances recommended* recommendations to be implemented from january 1, 2016* minimum pay fixed at rs 18,000 per month; maximum pay at rs 2.
25 lakhall you need to know about the recommendation: click here* the rate of annual increment retained at 3per cent* 24 per cent hike in pensions* one rank one pension proposed for civilian government employees on line of orop for armed forces* ceiling of gratuity enhanced from rs 10 lakh to rs 20 lakh; ceiling on gratuity to be raised by 25 per cent whenever darises by 50 per cent* cabinet secretary to get rs 2.
5 lakh as against rs 90,000 per month pay band currently* financial impact of implementing recommendations will be rs 1.
02 lakh crore  rs 73,650 crore to be borne by central budget and rs 28,450 crore by railway budget.
* total impact of commissions recommendation to raise the ratio of expenditure on salary and wages to gdp by 0.
65 percentage points to 0.
7 per cent* military service pay (msp), which is a compensation for the various aspects of military service, will be admissible to the defence forces personnel only* msp for service officers more than doubled to rs 15,500 per month from rs 6,000 currently; for nursing officers to rs 10,800 from rs 4,200; for jco/ors to rs 5,200 from rs 2,000 and for non-combatants to rs 3,600 from rs 1,000* short service commissioned officers will be allowed to exit the armed forces at any point in time between 7 to 10 years of service* commission recommends abolishing 52 allowances; another 36 allowances subsumed in existing allowances or in newly proposed allowances.
* recommendations will impact 47 lakh serving govt employees, 52 lakh pensioners, including defence personnel.
finance minister arunjaitley in parliament after the gst bills were passed wednesday.
anil sharma finance minister arunjaitley in parliament after the gst bills were passed wednesday.
anil sharmawith the fate of the finance bill always apparent, the opposition today charged the government with subverting democracy and violating the basic spirit of constitution by trying to circumvent the jurisdiction and powers of rajya sabha.
the constitutional integrity has been seriously compromised you [the government] have violated the basic spirit of the constitution, tapan kumar sen of the cpm said.
he said rajya sabha was becoming party to a crime on the constitution by failing to prevent the government from passing the finance bill in the way it was being passed.
the opposition was angry with the fact that the finance bill, which deals with all the new financial proposals at the start of the year, contained provisions to make far-reaching changes in a number of other legislation which would normally have been done through separate standalone bills.
incorporating them in the finance bill ensured that rajya sabha, which has no powers to change or amend a money bill, would have little or no say on these changes.
this is not a finance bill.
this is much more than just a finance bill.
this is actually an agenda for reducing the parliament to complete irrelevance, both the houses the finance minister has really made a serious effort to finish off the spirit of democratic discourse, to finish off parliamentary democracy to not only reduce rajya sabha to irrelevance but also to reduce lok sabha to complete irrelevance, jairam ramesh of the congress said.
his colleague digvijaya singh said the government had made a habit of converting all its uncomfortable legislation into money bills because its lack of majority in rajya sabha.
there are 40 laws which are sought to be amended through provisions brought in this finance bill.
except three  part 7, part 10 and part 13  all of them are ordinary bills and should not have been part of the finance bill.
this means that the government has snatched away the right of rajya sabha to discuss and make amendments to all these laws, digvajaya said.
digvijaya later moved three amendments to the finance bill.
these were accepted by the house, thanks to the opposition majority in rajya sabha.
the amendments, a temporary setback to the government, are likely to be rejected by the lok sabha.
several opposition members objected to the proposals making aadhar mandatory for opening of bank accounts or filing income tax returns.
k t s tulsi alleged that the government had not given any serious thought to the possibilities of data theft.
it can jeopardise the privacy and security of citizens and no attention is being paid for safeguarding the data from hackers unless we can safeguard the data, only then can it be permitted to be used for the purpose for which the act was enacted and only for the use of services, he said.
harivansh of the jd(u) said his party welcomed the efforts to reform the process of political funding but argued that the proposals made in the budget with this objective, and incorporated in the finance bill, were not enough.
there have been 40 committees to recommend actions to tackle black money but there has been no effective implementation.
similar is the case with political corruption.
we would like the congress and the bjp, being the two biggest parties which have run governments at the centre, to come together on this and suggest measures that are acceptable to all, he said.
b'a meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers convened by finance minister arunjaitley also agreed to include in the constitutional amendment bill the mechanism of compensating states for any loss of revenue in first five years of goods and service tax.
(file photo) a meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers convened by finance minister arunjaitley also agreed to include in the constitutional amendment bill the mechanism of compensating states for any loss of revenue in first five years of goods and service tax.
(file photo)making headway on the long-pending gst bill, the centre and states tuesday agreed on the principle that the tax rate will be lower than the current levels even as the broad consensus emerged that the rate should not be part of the statute.
a meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers convened by finance minister arunjaitley also agreed to include in the constitutional amendment bill the mechanism of compensating states for any loss of revenue in first five years of goods and service tax (gst) subsuming all indirect tax levies including vat.
there was also broad agreement on the principle that the ordinary businessman and the common tax man will benefit from introduction of gst by way of lower tax rates while the states will not face any loss of revenue, west bengal finance minister and the panel chairman amit mitra said after the meeting.
also, there was consensus to keep the gst rate out of the constitutional amendment bill, he claimed.
the government is keen to get the gst bill approved during the current monsoon session of parliament ending august 12 but is facing opposition from congress which wants a low tax rate to be part of the constitutional amendment bill while the one per cent additional tax in hands of states over and above the gst rate be scrapped.
as you know that no tax rates are provided in the constitution.
it was discussed and conclusion reached that union finance minister will communicate to other parties.
he will explain it to them that it cant come in constitutional amendment but it can come in gst bill or gst act, mitra said.
the broad consensus put together is satisfactory to all political parties and all states, he said adding fool proof wording for compensation to states has been worked out.
there are indications that the government may now bring the gst bill in rajya sabha next week instead of earlier plans of doing it this week.
mitra said while there was no talk on specific tax rate, it emerged at the meeting that the rate should be such that is lower than existing levels otherwise there is no point of reform.
the states, he said, were of the view that small businesses with turnover up to rs 1.
5 crore in a year should come under purview of only state governments and dual control of states and centre can be exercised over businesses larger than them.
watch video: whats making newsonce the constitutional amendment bill is passed by parliament by two-thirds majority, both the houses will have to pass another bill to implement the gst.
in the bill, the centre had proposed 100 per cent compensation for first three years, 75 per cent and 50 per cent for the next two years.
however, the select committee of the rajya sabha has recommended 100 per cent compensation for probable loss of revenue for five years.
todays meeting of the empowered committee was crucial as the centre is looking to build consensus over the three demands of the congress party, which included that constitutional capping of gst rate.
on the question of rate it was very important that wording has been worked out which first of all essentially means that the incidence of tax on commonman has to be significantly reduced.
at the same time, the safeguard on the existing level of trends of revenue of the union and states.
these are the two objectives that a broad framework of words have been worked out and we hope that all political parties will be in agreement, mitra said.
he said that today the effective rate of taxes is huge and consensus was there should be a reduction in the tax rate with gst implementation.
on the congress demand for scrapping of one per cent additional tax, mitra said: what has been absorbed in gst is known to you.
so there is nothing for me to say.
jaitley had earlier indicated his openness in scrapping the 1 per cent additional tax after a panel headed by chief economic advisor arvind subramanian favoured it.
congress ruled karnataka, however, held on to its demand that gst rate should be mentioned in constitutional amendment bill to safeguard the interest of tax payers.
gst taxation should be specifically brought in constitutional amendment bill so that the tax payers are told what the rates would be, h c mahadevappa, a minister in the siddaramaiah government told reporters here.
kerala finance minister thomas isaac said the gst revenue neutral rate (rnr) was discussed and general consensus has been to drop this concept of rnr in constitutional amendment.
we will ensure a rate and structure which will reduce the effective tax burden on the common man.
we know that effective rate on consumer products is about 30 per cent.
itll be considerably brought down.
rate cap will not be put in constitutional bill, isaac said.
he said there will be more meetings of the state finance ministers.
briefing reporters about todays meeting, mitra said it was a very constructive meeting attended by all major finance ministers.
i am happy to say that the wording which would guarantee five years of compensation was worked out.
i cannot go into details of the wordings, i can only give you spirit of it.
states are satisfied that in the constitutional amendment the wording (will be provided) by which states will be guaranteed five years of compensation if there is any loss of revenue, mitra said.
he said it is very big development and appropriate wording gives confidence to states that for five years if there is any loss of revenue, centre will compensate.
on the issue of dual control, state finance ministers have conveyed to arunjaitley that small businesses with turnover of rs 1.
5 crore and below will be taxed only in the hands of state.
above rs 1.
5 crore a smooth consistent methodology has been worked out for both centre and state to be able to work together shoulder to shoulder with regard to revenue generation, he said.
himachal pradesh excise and taxation minister prakash chaudhary said that the state is in favour of dual control.
himachal is ready to implement gst but nitty-gritty has to be worked out, he added.
the congress, which originally mooted gst in 2009 to replace all indirect taxes, has been demanding that the overall rate be capped at 18 per cent and scrapping of an additional 1 per cent tax designed to compensate manufacturing states that fear losing out on revenue.
it also wants an independent mechanism to resolve disputes between states over revenue sharing.
gst would subsume all indirect taxes like excise, sales and service levies.
in the new regime, there will be one central gst or c-gst and state gst or s-gst.
states levy sales tax or vat on goods sold within their jurisdiction and get a central sales tax (cst) on sales made outside their territories.
this cst will no longer be available in the new regime and a 1 per cent additional tax was proposed to make up for that.
the gst bill, which intends to convert 29 states into a single market through a new indirect tax regime, was earlier planned to be introduced from april 1 this year, but the deadline was missed as the legislation to roll it out remains in limbo in the opposition-dominated rajya sabha.
the government, which has agreed to a five-hour debate on the gst bill in the rajya sabha, is keen to get the law passed during the current monsoon session of parliament that ends on august 12.
prime minister, narendra modi with secretary of state for international development, united kingdom, priti patel during their meeting , in new delhi on saturday.
pti photo prime minister, narendra modi with secretary of state for international development, united kingdom, priti patel during their meeting , in new delhi on saturday.
pti photobritish secretary of state for international development priti patel called on prime minister narendra modi on saturday.
a morning for diplomacy.
after chinese fm, uk secy of state for intrnational development @patelforwitham calls on pm, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
earlier, chinese foreign minister wang yi, who is on a visit to india, called on modi.
patel, who arrived in new delhi on friday in her role as a cabinet minister in the new british government of prime minister theresa may, also held meetings with finance minister arunjaitley and urban development minister venkaiah naidu.
she said that britain was deepening its economic partnership with india to deliver long-term progress.
with naidu, she discussed ways of how britain can share its skills and expertise to drive forward indias vision for new smart cities and boost opportunities for new businesses.
b'kokrajhar: assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal visits gauhati medical college where injured in terrorist attack at balajan tiniali market are admitted in kokrajhar.
(source: pti photo) kokrajhar: assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal visits gauhati medical college where injured in terrorist attack at balajan tiniali market are admitted in kokrajhar.
(source: pti photo)assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal will visit kokrajhar on sunday to take stock of the situation arising out of fridays terror attack which claimed 13 lives.
sonowal on saturday visited the gauhati medical college hospital to meet the injured victims after returning from new delhi on friday evening.
sonowal briefed prime minister narendra modi and union home minister rajnath singh about the situation.
the chief minister, who was in delhi, met the prime minister and apprised him about the incident at balajan tiniali market in kokrajhar district and the steps taken to nab those involved in it.
he also informed the union home minister, who assured full central assistance to the state government.
sonowal cut short his visit to the national capital and returned to assam friday evening after the terror attack and instructed state police to arrest those involved in it.
the chief minister announced ex-gratia amount of rs 5 lakh to the families of the deceased, rs 1 lakh to those seriously injured and free treatment to other injured.
meanwhile, the assam police have arrested the driver of the auto used by militants to reach balajan tiniali market.
additional dgp l r bishnoi said that three to four militants carried out the fridays attack.
he said while one militant was gunned down by security forces, efforts are on to nab the remaining attackers.
he said three additional companies of army arrived in kokrajhar following the incident.
health minister himanta biswa sarma said that preliminary investigations point towards the involvement of songbijit faction of ndfb militants in the attack.
the national investigation agency (nia) has sent a team to the site of the incident to collect evidence.
the centre is closely monitoring the situation arising out of the kokrajhar attack.
rajnath singh on friday chaired a high-level meeting in new delhi to review internal security situation in the country.
the meeting was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , defence minister manohar parrikar and national security advisor ak doval among others.
later in the day, singh had another round of meeting with doval where he was apprised about the kokrajhar attack.
b'the development comes even as bjp allies in different states have expressed their resentment over its senior partner.
(file photo) the development comes even as bjp allies in different states have expressed their resentment over its senior partner.
(file photo)a day after telugu desam party legislators demanded to pull out of the nda over the special category status issue, andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu wondered why the bjp was not responding to the needs of its alliance partner.
addressing the assembly on wednesday, naidu dropped broad hints on the possibility of severing ties with the bjp, making a mention of congress chief rahul gandhis offer of granting special category status to the state if they come to power.
rahul gandhi is saying they will give special category status to ap if they come to power.
why are you (bjp) not responding to the needs of your alliance partner?
the cm said.
naidu mentioned that the promise of special category status was the only reason for bjp-tdp alliance and hinted that the party was losing patience.
special category status for andhra pradesh was the only reason for bjp-tdp alliance.
we have waited with patience for 4 years, the cm said, adding that the bjp had shown double standards oon keeping its promise.
also read: tdp legislators vote in favour of severing ties with bjpthe development comes even as bjp allies in different states have expressed their resentment over its senior partner.
shiv sena has already decided to go alone in the 2019 lok sabha elections, while jitan ram manjhis hindustan awam morcha has joined the bihar grand alliance.
on tuesday, congress president rahul gandhi said the party would grant special category status to andhra pradesh if voted to power in 2019.
i am confident that if we stand together we will convince the government of india and prime minister narendra modi that what is due to the people of andhra pradesh should be given to them, he said.
in an impromptu poll held by naidu during a legislature party meeting at amaravati, about 95 per cent tdp mlas and mlcs voted in favour of severing ties with bjp for its refusal to help andhra pradesh following the states bifurcation in 2014.
naidu said finance minister arunjaitley cold shouldered a delegation led by state finance minister y ramakrish-nudu that met him on monday evening.
tdp is an ally in nda.
jaitley not only refused to acknowledge any of demands put forward, including the request to release funds to bridge the revenue deficit gap of over rs 16,000 crore, but also said there was no question of granting special category status and that there was very little fund left to give under the special package announced in 2017 as most of the funds have already been given, naidu said.
the demand was raised after erstwhile andhra pradesh was bifurcated.
the protesters claim that the bifurcation caused a huge revenue deficit for the successor andhra pradesh.
the centre announced a special package in 2016 for andhra, but the tdp government claimed no funds have been released under the package.
this has turned the focus back on special category status for ap.
b'in 120 days, new variety produces 20 quintal per hectare.
in 120 days, new variety produces 20 quintal per hectare.
it could well be the answer to indias arhar dal woes.
scientists at the indian agricultural research institute (iari) have developed a new arhar (pigeon-pea) variety that matures in 120 days, gives the same 20 quintal-per-hectare yields of normal 160-180 day plants and is, moreover, amenable to mechanical combine harvesting.
arhar plants are mostly indeterminate; they keep growing and, left to themselves, can even become perennial trees.
in bihar and eastern uttar pradesh, farmers plant the crop in june-july and harvest it after 250-280 days in march-april.
in other parts, especially maharashtra, karnataka and madhya pradesh, the varieties grown are of medium duration (160-180 days) and also yield 20 quintal per hectare.
what iari scientists have now bred is a determinate early-maturing pigeon-pea, which produces 20 quintal per hectare in just 120 days.
it is a totally new plant-type, whose apical meristems (tissues at the tip of the main stem) only produce flowers.
unlike the indeterminate pigeon-pea plants, where the meristematic cells keep dividing and producing vegetative buds (giving rise to new leaves and shoots), here the growth stops with production of flowers and setting of pods, k v prabhu, joint director (research) at iari, said.
share this article related article administrative apathy: cradle of indias green revolution languishes without a headadministrative apathy: cradle of indias green revolution languishes without a head new super arhar to help bridge pulses demand-supply gap: arunjaitley super arhar to help bridge pulses demand-supply gap: arunjaitley rainfed farming: a watershed momentrainfed farming: a watershed moment simply put: problem is chana, not arharsimply put: problem is chana, not arhar dry state: a better pulse ratedry state: a better pulse rate two scientists, two blockbuster crop varietiesbut thats not all.
in normal arhar varieties, the flowers produced from the axillary and lateral branches do not set pods at the same time.
so, even at the time of harvesting, not all the pods are mature.
some may have already shattered, others would still be developing or be even at the flowering and vegetative bud stages.
in the new plant-type  called padt-16 (pusa arhar determinate) and bred by a team led by prabhu and r s raje, principal scientist at iaris division of genetics  the flowering and pod-setting is synchronous, with the crop maturing and ready for harvest in 120 days.
this is a short, compact plant-type that grows to hardly 95 cm height, compared to 175 cm for medium-duration arhar and 300 cm-plus for perennials.
the spacing between rows, too, is only 30 cm (as against 60-70 cm in normal arhar varieties) along with lower plant-to-plant distance (15 cm versus 30-40 cm).
since there are more plants per unit area, it creates a compact canopy, raje said.
the benefits are two-fold.
first, being a dwarf semi-erect plant makes pesticide spraying easier.
the normal arhar plants rise to six feet levels, at which application is difficult and also tends to be non-uniform.
here, you can use a regular knapsack pesticide sprayer and ensure every plant is covered.
also, you only need to give one good spray against maruca insect and pod borer at bud initiation stage after 65-70 days, raje said.
secondly, synchronous maturity and podding happening only at the top  because of the compact canopy and no tertiary or quaternary branch growth  means the entire arhar crop can be harvested at one go using combine harvesters.
this is something that the punjab farmer would want, as in the case of wheat and paddy.
an early-maturing, short, compact plant-type precisely fits that requirement, prabhu said.
experts believe that indias pulses production cannot increase to match growing demand unless farmers in irrigated regions like punjab, haryana and western up take up large-scale cultivation.
but that isnt possible without breeding high-yielding varieties/hybrids amenable to mechanisation.
so, when will the new super arhar make it to the fields?
our immediate priority is seed multiplication.
we have supplied the breeder material to the punjab agricultural university for further foundation seed multiplication in the coming kharif season.
once the plant variety protection for the new plant-type is obtained, we could even involve private seed companies to enable commercial cultivation by 2018, said prabhu.
he is also the main breeder of hd-2967, a blockbuster iari wheat variety currently grown over 10 million hectares.
b'finance minister arunjaitley and bjp members during the voting on the gst bill in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley and bjp members during the voting on the gst bill in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo)the first round of the goods and services tax (gst) bill is over.
there were no losers.
the next round is expected in the winter session of parliament beginning in november 2016.
key issues are still at large, and i wish to begin a debate on them.
contrary to the impression that the central government may have conveyed to the state finance ministers, the issue of dispute resolution has not been settled by the bill that was passed by the rajya sabha recently.
article 131 of the constitution allows states to file a suit in the supreme court for adjudication of disputes between states or between the centre and one or more states.
besides, there are the well-known provisions such as articles 32, 226 and 227.
in my view, the provision to establish a dispute settlement mechanism by the gst council is constitutionally suspect.
be that as it may, assume that the mechanism resolves a dispute between two states.
if one of the states is dissatisfied with the verdict, nothing can prevent that state from challenging the decision by way of a suit or a writ petition.
to assume that the mechanism will be the final dispute resolution authority reflects a poor understanding of the provisions of the constitution and the nature of judicial power.
the standard ratea graver issue is the standard rate of gst.
the rate of tax is the heart of any tax law.
a tax law must specify the rate (like the service tax law) or stipulate ceiling rates that cannot be breached by the executive government (like the excise law).
the standard rate (say x) will apply to the vast majority of goods and services.
some goods and services will be zero rated; some goods and services will bear a lower rate (x-); and some demerit goods and services will bear a higher rate (x+).
what should be the standard rate is the question before the country.
a committee headed by the governments chief economic adviser (cea) has presented an excellent report based on sound economic grounds (see box).
the finance minister did not reject the ceas report, he only added two caveats:> that the report did not take into account the cesses imposed after 2013-14;> that it did not take into account the compensation that the central government had agreed to pay to the state governments for five years.
in my view, neither issue affects the conclusions of the report.
the cesses may add 1 per cent to the revenue neutral rate (rnr) but the report has suggested a standard rate that is 2.
5 to 3 per cent above the rnr.
regarding compensation, the report categorically states, in the aggregate, of course, the states should not suffer any loss in revenues because it is intrinsic to the calculation of a revenue neutral rate.
that is, if the rnr for the states is set appropriately, states as a whole should have the same revenue as before (para 5.
94).
socking the peoplemoreover, if the government believes that gst will be a more efficient tax that will enhance revenues and reduce tax evasion, it must be prepared to take some risks.
all risks cannot be balanced by socking the people with high rates of gst which is an indirect, and therefore regressive, tax.
the idea of gst has been promoted as pro-growth and pro-people.
a high standard rate will be dubbed  and will be seen  as anti-people.
there is, of course, the final question of roll-out of the gst.
two more bills have to be passed by parliament.
every state must pass a state gst law.
the digital backbone  the gst network  must be put in place, tested and ready to be operationalised.
the gst council must agree on the rates.
trade and industry must gear up for the new regime.
at this stage, no date for the roll-out can be predicted.
good and bad sensebesides, the roll-out can be smooth only if the government stays on the path of engagement and negotiation.
any attempt to dis-engage with the opposition or snub the rajya sabha will jeopardise the roll-out.
the first test of intention will be when the central-gst and integrated-gst bills are introduced in parliament.
will they be introduced as money bills to avoid a meaningful debate and vote in the rajya sabha or as financial bills as demanded by all the non-bjp parties?
good political sense triumphed on august 3, 2016.
bad economic sense or hubris could trip the gst.
i keep my fingers crossed.
report on the revenue neutral rate and structure of rates# 5.
22.
adding up these adjustments yields a single rnr of 15 per cent.
however, we recognise that there may be uncertainty about the adjustments we have made.
an alternative scenario is that not all of the adjustments are valid.
in this case, the single rnr would be 15.
5 per cent.
# 5.
23.
our recommendation for the rnr is, therefore, a range for the rnr of 15-15.
5 per cent, with a strong preference for the lower end ofthat range.
# 6.
5.
on structure, in line with growing international practice and with a view to facilitating compliance and administration, india should strive toward a one-rate structure as the medium-term goal.
meanwhile, we recommend a three-rate structure.
in order to ensure that the standard rate is kept close to the rnr, the maximum possible tax base should be taxed at the standard rate.
the committee would recommend the lower rates be kept around 12 per cent (centre plus states) with standard rates varying between 17 and 18 per cent.
b'lieutenant governor najeeb jung.
(file) lieutenant governor najeeb jung.
(file)aap on friday said people of the national capital can knock lt governors doors if they have any issue with civic amenities as powers have now been vested in his hands even as it attacked najeeb jung over alleged inaction in cng scam, ddca case and an fir filed against reliance.
from today onwards, i urge people that if they have any civic amenities issue related to power and water then they should go to the lt governor because after the high court judgement all powers lie with him now.
we expect that all the work that the delhi government was doing for public good and our battle against corruption will now be carried forward by the lg with the same commitment and honesty with which it was performing, aap leader ashutosh said.
in a huge setback for the arvind kejriwal government, the delhi high court yesterday held that the lg is the administrative head of national capital territory and the aap dispensations contention that he is bound to act on the advice of council of ministers was without substance.
stressing that the party humbly differs with the high court judgement, he questioned what would be role of chief minister, his cabinet and the elected representatives in such a scenario.
we hope to get justice in the supreme court the way it gave in the case of arunachal pradesh (reinstating the congress government), he said.
dubbing jung a guardian of scam and scamsters, ashutosh asked how many times finance arunjaitley was summoned in connection with the alleged irregularities in delhi district cricket association (ddca).
we also expect that the lg will take action against delhis electricity discoms.
he should explain what he plans to do about all the legislations passed by the delhi assembly for the benefit of the people, which have been blocked by the union home ministry.
watch video: whats making newssince najeeb jung is the head of the nct and also the acb, we want to know what action has be taken in the ddca case, cng fitness scam.
what is the status of the fir?
we want to know what action has taken against jaitley.
how many times has been summoned?
he asked.
ashutosh said the delhi government had increased circle rates in favour of farmers and land owners from rs 50 lakh to rs 3 crore per acre.
will the lg implement this order?
or will he be biased towards the builder lobby and nullify it?
he asked.
the delhi government had formed a commission of inquiry in the cng fitness scam and ddca case, a decision, which the high court termed illegal since it was issued without concurrence of the lg.
finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleygstn (goods and services tax network), a private limited company set up in 2013 for providing it infrastructure to all stakeholders for the implementation of the goods and services tax, has rejected a request from the comptroller and auditor general (cag) to appoint an auditor as well as to conduct a supplementary audit as is being done, at present, for all government companies.
following a communication sent by the cag in november 2016 on the subject of commencing a supplementary audit and appointing a chartered accountant for the company, the gstn sent a reply on january 17 claiming that its articles of association do not bestow any right to either the state government or the centre to exercise control over either the management or the policy of the gstn.
watch video | goods and services tax network rejects cags request to appoint auditora top government official familiar with the subject told the indian express: the issue of auditing of the gstn will have to be escalated, possibly to the finance ministry.
in view of the current stalemate, a clarification will be needed on who will eventually audit the gstn, a private auditor or the cag?
the gstn has been set up as a non-government private limited company in which the union government along with the state governments/union territories together hold 49 per cent equity with the balance 51 per cent being held by financial institutions such as hdfc bank, icici bank and lic housing finance limited.
when the gstn was set up, a non-recurring grant was given to it by the central government of rs 315 crore.
the gstn website shows that between 2013 and 2016, the government has released additional rs 143.
96 crore of which the body has spent rs 62.
11 crore.
the website also states that since it was substantially funded by the government in the 2013-2016 period, its expenditure audit was conducted by the cag.
the cag is reported to have pointed out that although only 49  equity in gstn is owned by the government, there are various provisions in the companies act as well as in the articles of association of the gstn that support their contention.
section 139 and section 143 of the companies act, for instance, state that any company which is either directly or indirectly controlled or owned by the central/any state government will have an auditor appointed for it by the cag after which it (the cag) will conduct a supplementary audit of the annual financial statements.
watch video | rbi asks banks to track demand drafts used to convert old notes to new during demonetisationthere are also the cags own dpc (duties, powers and conditions of service), section 14 of which states that the central auditor will audit all receipts and expenses of all bodies and authorities which are substantially financed by grants or loans from either the consolidated fund of india or of any state or union territory.
incidentally, as the indian express reported today, the union ministry of home affairs has written to the finance ministry to ascertain whether the gstn falls in a sector or category where a security clearance is mandatory from the ministry of home affairs.
the first leg will end on friday unless extended.
after being tabled, the bill could be referred to the parliamentary committee for scrutiny before being taken up for passage.
the government is likely to table in the lok sabha on friday a bill to make non-disclosure of overseas income and assets a predicate offence that will attract punitive action including upto a 10-year jail term.
the bill will provide a short window to overseas asset holders to declare their wealth, pay taxes and penalties toescape punitive action.
the undisclosed foreign income and assets (imposition of new tax) bill, 2015, according to finance ministry sources, will be tabled on friday the last day of the first leg of the budget session of parliament.
the first leg will end on friday unless extended.
after being tabled, the bill could be referred to the parliamentary committee for scrutiny before being taken up for passage.
earlier this week, the cabinet approved the bill which provides for a maximum of 10 years rigorous imprisonment for offenders who conceal income and assets and indulge in evasion in relation to foreign assets.
under the provisions of the new bill, the offence will be non-compoundable and the offenders will not be permitted to approach the settlement commission for resolution of disputes.
there will also be a penalty at the rate of 300 per cent of taxes on the concealed income and assets.
the income tax assesses, who have overseas assets, will get a one-time opportunity for declaring them.
the time-frame of the short window will be notified after the passage of the bill.
according to sources, the window will be for a few months.
the proposal to come out with a new law on the black money was mooted by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech.
the bill seeks to make non-filing of income tax returns or filing of returns with inadequate disclosure of foreign assets liable for prosecution with punishment of rigorous imprisonment of up to 7 years.
concealment of income and assets and tax evasion in relation to foreign assets will be prosecutable with punishment of rigorous imprisonment upto 10 years, as per provisions of the bill.
the government has been under pressure to act on the issue of blackmoney stashed abroad as the bjp had mounted a huge campaign during the lok sabha polls last year with an assurance to quickly repatriate such illegal wealth.
concealment of income or tax evasion in relation to a foreign asset will be made predicate offence under the (prevention of money laundering act) pmla, enabling enforcement agencies to attach and confiscate such assets.
the proposed new legislation will provide that income in relation to any undisclosed foreign asset or undisclosed income from any foreign asset will be taxable at the maximum marginal rate.
exemptions or deductions, which may otherwise be applicable in such cases, shall not be allowed.
beneficial owner or beneficiary of foreign assets will be mandatorily required to file returns, even if there is no taxable income, says the bill.
date of opening of foreign account would be mandatorily required to be specified by the assesses in the return of income.
b'jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba muftijammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti on wednesday raised the issue of handwara firing, in which two civilians were killed, with defence minister manohar parrikar who assured her that a probe will be initiated and the culprits will be punished.
mehbooba, who is on her maiden visit to the national capital after assuming the post of chief minister, met parrikar and union urban development minister venakiah naidu.
describing the incident as very unfortunate, the jammu and kashmir chief minister said i spoke to defence minister.
he assured me that a probe will be initiated and the culprits will be punished.
at the same time the family will be compensated.
such incidents should not happen in the future, she said after meeting parrikar.
two youth, including a budding cricketer, were killed in handwara when army opened fire to disperse a stone-pelting mob targetting their bunker.
the incident took place after reports surfaced that some army personnel had allegedly molested a girl returning from school.
however, police investigations have so far indicated that no such incident had taken place and it was an attempt by some miscreants to create disturbance for removing an army bunker located within handwara town, sources said.
army has ordered an inquiry while the jammu and kashmir police registered a criminal case and have begun investigations into the incident which triggered more protests in handwara and had an echo in srinagar and pulwama districts of kashmir as well.
mehbooba had on tuesday said the security personnel involved in the killing of two youths will be handed exemplary punishment, saying such incidents cannot be tolerated.
she had said such tragic incidents have a huge negative impact on the efforts of the government and the political leadership aimed at consolidating the peace efforts.
the security forces must exercise maximum restraint and adhere to the standing operating procedure (sop) while dealing with the public protests as incidents of innocent killings cannot be tolerated, she had said, while expressing solidarity with the families of the two youth.
mehbooba also raised the issue of handing over of civilian land from army to the state government.
later, she met the urban development minister to discuss various development projects being undertaken by the state and central government.
mufti had met finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday.
finance minister arunjaitley (express photo by prem nath pandey) finance minister arunjaitley (express photo by prem nath pandey)mounting a scathing attack on the congress a day after rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu rejected the opposition notice for a motion of impeachment of the chief justice of india, union finance minister arunjaitley tuesday said the object of the notice was not the passage of the motion but intimidation of indias judiciary.
he said there was a growing tendency of lawyer members (of parliament) to drag intra court disputes into the parliamentary process.
in a facebook post headlined why the malafide impeachment motion was bound to fail?
cautioning the opposition party, he wrote: for the congress party to carry forward its mistake of subjecting legislative processes to judicial review would be a blunder.
the parliament is supreme in its own jurisdiction.
its process cannot be subjected to judicial review.
the congress party is capable of dragging the judges into an unsavoury controversy and make them controversial, should their judicial opinion not appear favourable in the cases in which the party has an interest.
to any political analyst, it was clear that the impeachment motion would never get support of two-third majority in both houses of parliament.
the congress party knew this.
its object was not the passage of the motion but intimidation of indias judiciary.
read | cji impeachment: decision to reject notice was not hasty, adhered to constitution provisions, says venkaiah naidutargeting eminent lawyers who are now members of parliament, arunjaitley , a successful lawyer himself, began his post stating: business persons and industrialists have frequently been accused of attempting to influence policy by using parliamentary processes.
some motivated questions are raised and letters are written by members of parliament at the behest of business interests.
these were conventionally the traditional methods deployed in trying to use parliamentary processes to help business interests.
many of these tactics stood exposed and over the years the system was able to analyse and distinguish some of these subtle and blatant attempts.
the new phenomenon seems to be somewhat different.
a very large number of eminent lawyers are now members of parliament.
most political parties have given nominations to some of them since their value, both in court and parliamentary debates, is significant.
the incidental impact of this has been a growing tendency of lawyer members to drag intra court disputes into the parliamentary process.
the misconceived motion for the impeachment of the chief justice of india is just one example of this.
pointing out that an impeachment motion was intended to be filed in the rarest of rare cases, he said these cases would include those where a gross misconduct has been indulged in by a delinquent judge during his tenure as a judge.
there has to be strong and hard evidence to substantiate this.
hearsay and rumours are not a substitute for evidence.
the present impeachment motion has been filed on untenable grounds.
it has been filed for collateral purpose to intimidate the chief justice of india and other judges of the highest judiciary.
the congress party has indicated that it would now challenge the order of the chairman, rajya sabha declining to admit the motion, before the supreme court.
in parliamentary practice, several types of motions and resolutions are proposed under the rules of business.
the chairman/ speaker of the either house of parliament have the sole discretion whether to admit the motion or to decline to do so.
the power to admit or to decline a motion is part of the legislative process of parliament.
a motion under article 124(4) is no different from any other motion where chair has a discretion to admit it or decline to do so.
there is a conventional view that the exercise of the discretion by the chair of either house is not justiciable in the court of law.
this view gains support from the observations made in the majority opinion of justice j s verma in the 1992 case (sarojini ramaswami vs uoi) where the court held: on initiation of the process in the prescribed manner, the speaker/ chairman is to decide whether the accusations require investigations.
if he chooses not to act on the accusations made in the form of a motion by a minimum number of members of parliament, the matter ends there.
the level of proof required to impeach a judge of being guilty of proved misbehaviour has to be proof beyond reasonable doubt the congress partys argument that they are making vague allegations which can only be proved in an inquiry is not tenable.
vague and unsubstantiated allegations can never be a basis of a roving fishing inquiry against the holder of a high office.
finance ministry officials will brief a parliamentary panel thursday on the merger of railway budget with general budget and advancing the date of budget presentation.
the parliamentary standing committee on finance headed by by former union minister and senior congress leader m veerappa moily will deliberate on the budget reforms.
as per the schedule, representatives of ministry of finance will brief the 31-member panel on budgetary reforms including merger of railway budget with general budget -ramifications thereof.
the cabinet last month approved finance ministrys proposal on landmark budgetary reforms relating to merger of railway budget with the general budget and the advancement of the date of budget presentation from the last day of february.
watch what else is making news:the cabinet has also given its permission to the merger of the plan and the non-plan classification in the budget and accounts.
but the actual date of presentation of the budget for 2017-18 will be decided later keeping in mind the schedule for assembly elections in crucial states like uttar pradesh.
the finance ministry had proposed to the cabinet that the annual budget presentation be fixed for february 1 and complete the budget exercise by march 24.
the presentation of separate railway budget started in the year 1924, and has continued after independence as a convention rather than under constitutional provisions.
b'rajya sabha.
(file photo) rajya sabha.
(file photo)the bharatiya janata party on sunday released a list of 18 candidates for the forthcoming biennial elections to the rajya sabha.
prominent among them are former maharashtra chief minister narayan rane, bjp general secretaries anil jain and saroj pandey and party spokespersons anil baluni and g v l narasimha rao.
the congress party too released its list of candidates for the rajya sabha elections.
the list, which has been approved by congress president rahul gandhi has names of 10 candidates from seven states.
the name of finance minister arunjaitley , besides a number of other union ministers had figured in the first list of candidates announced on march 7.
as many as 58 members from 16 states are set to retire in april-may 2018, the biennial elections, which will be held on march 23, is being held to fill the seats for these members.
finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18.
(pti photo) finance minister arunjaitley arrives in parliament to present the union budget for 2017-18.
(pti photo)this years budget has barely addressed the issue of pile-up of bad loans, with the government providing just rs 10,000 crore, much lower than the rs 25,000 crore allocated last year, which was considered inadequate then.
hopefully, this means that the government is working on solutions outside of the budget, and not that it thinks that the problem can be wished away once growth rebounds or by the deluge in deposits post demonetisation which led to a reduction in bank rates.
that would be delusionary considering that a large chunk of these deposits may not be of an enduring nature given the circumstances after november last year when the government announced a ban on rs 500 and rs 100 notes.
over a dozen state-owned banks, accounting for 40 per cent of total loans, have over 20 per cent of their outstanding loans classified as restructured or as non performing assets (npas).
the prospects of bad loans rising appear to be higher given that efforts at recovery by banks have been hampered because of bankers being bogged down with work related to demonetisation.
as this years economic survey pointed out, at the current level, indias npa ratio is higher than any other emerging market barring russia and higher than the peak level seen in korea at the height of the asian crisis.
this government, while criticising the legacy of bad loans it inherited in 2014, had promised an overhaul  which led to the rbi launching an asset quality review and setting a target of march 2017 to clean up bank balance sheets and the setting up of the bank boards bureau (bbb) to help professionalise the boards of state-owned banks.
on both counts, the results appear to be underwhelming.
it is doubtful whether the focus on asset quality review is being maintained after the ban on high-value notes, because banks have been hamstrung in terms of recovery of some of these assets while the bbbs role has been limited to mainly recommending the names of candidates to senior management positions in state-run banks.
all this comes at a time when loan growth is at a multi-decadal low with rbi data showing that loans to small, medium and large firms shrank 4.
3 per cent in the 12 months ending december 2016.
there is no sign of the creative solutions that rbi governor urjit patel had said were needed to address a tall challenge.
a proposal has been floated by the government to create a public sector asset rehabilitation agency which would buy out the bad loans and help clean up the books of banks  with the attendant risks of a moral hazard and criticism of the use of public funds  but the central bank had opposed it in the past.
overall, the handling of state-owned banks by successive governments, marked by a reluctance to carry out fundamental reforms such as professionalising the boards of listed state-owned banks and providing operational autonomy, is distressing.
unless the government moves fast to repair the damage, when growth comes back, banks may not be in a position to lend.
b'pm narendra modi.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal new delhi) pm narendra modi.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal new delhi)congress on monday dismissed as shooting from the hip prime minister narendra modis call for a dialogue to find a lasting solution to the unrest in kashmir valley which is on the boil for 44 days.
it looks that the prime ministers words keep changing.
what he said at the all-party meeting, his remarks in the independence day address and today he is talking of dialogue, but dialogue with whom?
.
there is a suspicion that these are mere words, mere empty rhetoric for the prime minister.
he is unfortunately shooting from his hip and merely shooting the breeze, party spokesman manish tewari told reporters.
he said that it was not clear with whom the prime minister wants to have a dialogue.
when you talk of a dialogue, to talk to people who are estranged from you.
you do not talk to such people who are with you and are part of the mainstream.
tewari said that finance minister arunjaitley assertion yesterday that those indulging in stone-pelting in kashmir are not satyagrahis but aggressors showed that he and the prime minister are not on the same page.
he also claimed that several union ministers are also speaking in different voices.
the essence of the finance ministers statement is that there is no political problem in jammu and kashmir, he said, adding that jaitleys comments implied that he felt there was no need for dialogue.
asked whether congress favoured talking to the hurriyat, he suggested that the first learning of a spokesman was not to answer hypothetical questions.
noting that congress is concerned over irresponsible handing of issues relating to national security, tewari said that the party is willing to offer constructive suggestions if the governement approached it and have a cohesive approach.
watch video: pm modi on kashmir violence: analysing his remarkshe said that the prime minister has been using three words insaniyat, jamhooriyat and kashmiriyat for the past two years, but we doubt if the prime minister understands the essence of these three concepts in entirety.
what does kashmiriyat mean to the pm.
how does he include it in his policies?
are there, indeed, any policies on these?
what does he mean by jamhooriyat?
parties have been contesting election for decades in j&k, he said.
he also asked as to what is the prime ministers definitaion of insaniyat.
is insaniyat used as a balm for those harmed in this sensitive time?
kumar vishwas, leader of the aam aadmi party kumar vishwas, leader of the aam aadmi partyaam aadmi party (aap) leader kumar vishwas is good at crafting cheeky tweets and playing around with words, thanks to his hindi poetry background.
he is often seen on social media taking pot-shots at leaders of opposition parties.
but one tweet posted by vishwas late tuesday night, although loaded with pun, could be a sign of things to come.
in the tweet, he wrote in hindi, aap ki shatrughan kirti siddh hone ko hai.
the tweet, poetic in nature, could actually be a reference to three senior leaders of the bjp who might be on their way out to the aap  shatrughan sinha, kirti azad and navjot singh sidhu.
watch video: navjot singh sidhu quits rajya sabha: what next         dr kumar vishvas (@drkumarvishwas) july 19, 2016the one common thread tying the three leaders is that they are heavily dissatisfied with the functioning of the bjp.
shatrughan sinha, lok sabha mp from patna sahib, has often written against the party on twitter, especially after its defeat in the state elections in bihar.
he has complained of being sidelined in the party.
also read: what vishwas said about sidhu in the pastas for kirti azad, the suspended darbhanga mp is known to have animosity for finance minister arunjaitley and has often critiqued him for the latters handling of the affairs in the ddca.
even a show-cause notice was sent to him by the bjp for violating party discipline earlier this year.
according to multiple media reports, azads wife was reported to be looking forward to join the aam aadmi party.
watch video: keystrokes: navjot singh sidhus reverse sweepas for sidhu, ambiguity still exists on his membership of the bjp.
even though his wife had confirmed that he had left the bjp, the party, nor him, have said anything on the matter.
sidhu, who detests the akalis in punjab and wants to come back to active state politics, is likely to join the aap, a party that has good prospects in the upcoming elections.
also read: kirti azads wife likely to join aapif vishwass prediction does come true, it will be a shot in the arm for the aap, which could use these leaders to project its national ambitions.
while both azad and sinha have established support base in bihar, sidhu is a prominent jatt sikh face.
the decision by the rbis monetary policy committee (mpc) to keep the central banks benchmark repo or overnight lending rate unchanged, along with maintaining a neutral stance in its latest bimonthly review, can be questioned on many counts.
the resolution statement released at the end of its two-day meeting admits to deceleration of economic activity since july-september and contraction in gross fixed investment in the latest january-march quarter.
more importantly, it refers to lower inflation expectations three months ahead and a year ahead, based on the rbis own survey of households.
on both grounds  a deepening slowdown with no signs of an investment pickup and the abrupt and significant retreat of inflation since april  there was a clear case for a reduction of policy rates, undertaken last on october 4.
even if no actual lowering of rates was resorted to, the least the mpc could have done is signal a return to an accommodative stance, as was the case prior to february.
the current repo rate of 6.
25 per cent, when adjusted for a consumer price index (cpi) inflation of 3 per cent, works out to over 3 per cent in real terms.
this is much more than the rbis own 1.
6-1.
8 per cent estimate for the neutral or natural interest rate for india, consistent with the economy growing at its potential with low stable inflation.
but whether right or wrong, one must still give credit to the mpc for its unwavering commitment to reining in inflation and not taking any premature action now that might risk disruptive policy reversals later and the loss of credibility.
the latter part is most important.
the rbi today enjoys credibility globally as a regulator largely for the impeccable inflation-fighting credentials it has built in recent years.
that credibility has only been reinforced by the narendra modi governments decision to enter into a monetary policy framework agreement with the rbi, tasking the latter with targeting cpi inflation to 4 per cent or thereabouts in the medium term.
subsequently, a six-member mpc headed by the rbi governor was constituted to take decisions on interest rates.
the whole idea here was to insulate such decision-making from any political or populist pressures.
under these circumstances, it is unfortunate to see attempts, particularly by the finance ministry, to seemingly influence the mpcs decisions.
finance minister arunjaitley and chief economic advisor arvind subramanian issued statements, both making explicit arguments for a significant monetary easing.
it goes to the mpcs credit for fending off these pressures, even if one might not agree with its decision.
ultimately, there are institutional arrangements that need to be respected.
we would leave it to the mpc to decide when the time is ripe for the next cut, which may actually come sooner than later.
the 5.
7 per cent growth in gdp in the first quarter, april to june of this fiscal, is the slowest since the nda government came to office and well below most estimates.
(file) the 5.
7 per cent growth in gdp in the first quarter, april to june of this fiscal, is the slowest since the nda government came to office and well below most estimates.
(file)the 5.
7 per cent growth in gdp in the first quarter, april to june of this fiscal, is the slowest since the nda government came to office and well below most estimates.
growth in manufacturing slumped to 1.
2 per cent in the quarter to june  a five-year low compared to the earlier quarter  which according to indias chief statistician owed to a high level of inventory de-stocking, while mining contracted by 0.
7 per cent.
agriculture growth, too, was weak.
the construction sector grew by 2 per cent after a negative march quarter; the hotel, transport and communication segment grew 11.
1 per cent on higher sales perhaps because of discounts in the run-up to the roll-out of gst.
what helped boost growth was spending by government which accounted for one-third of gdp growth in this quarter and reflected in the governments fiscal deficit in the april to july period which is now over 92 per cent of the rs 5.
46 lakh crore estimated for fy 18.
earlier, the economic survey had said that several deflationary impulses were weighing on the economy and that growth was likely to miss the upper band of the gdp forecast of 6.
75 per cent to 7.
5 per cent for fy 18.
the current slowdown may have started in mid-2016 with demonetisation accentuating it, with demand being squeezed.
but there is concern over whether the supply shocks or disruption caused by demonetisation and transition to gst are more permanent, less transitory.
it also comes at a time of farm distress in large swatches of the country, lower demand and capacity utilisation, weaker external demand and when firms are deleveraging  a process which can stretch long and prove extremely painful for the economy.
the government has sought to draw comfort from the fact that gross fixed capital formation or gfcf, a measure of investment, rose 1.
6 per cent year-on-year which is seen as a moderate improvement.
the gfcf has been on the decline over the last few years  sliding to 26.
9 per cent of the gdp in fy 17 compared to 29.
2 per cent in the earlier fiscal.
it is now clear that the twin balance sheet problem  of stretched firms and banks burdened by bad loans  is weighing down the economy.
a cleaning up, as the global experience shows, can be prolonged and painful, involving loss of jobs and output.
the government will be tested when it comes to reviving demand and investment.
last three years were challenging for the entire world on economic front.
three years ago, there was slowdown in policy reform and structural changes in india.
the system we inherited was weak in terms of credibility mainly due to corruption and indecisiveness, he said.
jaitley said the reforms introduced by the government has made it possible to curb corruption.
in the last three years, we have restored the credibility of the economy, he said.
reforms also ensured that india became the biggest recipient of fdi, he added.
even before demonetisation, there was some slowdown.
i do believe, that in the current global situation, a 7 to 8  growth which is at the moment an indian normal, is a reasonable growth.
i dont see any adverse impact of the gst.
on demonetisation, he said it helped quash the parallel economy in the country.
we set a new normal after demonetisation.
it is no longer safe to deal in cash.
we have shown decisiveness in policy making.
earlier, there was a parallel, shadow economy heavily depending on cash.
we have ended that.
there is now a greater focus on digitisation.
the tax payers base has increased, post our reforms against black money, he said.
the finance minister also charged the opposition for spreading propaganda on employment figures.
first there were allegations about lack of big bang reforms.
now the new allegation is about jobless growth.
people need some issues for propaganda.
jobs dont get created outside economic sector.
if growth increases, jobs will also grow, he said.
our efforts to reach out to pakistan has been thwarted by them with responses such as pathankot or uri.
so our overtures for peace have been successfully avoided by pakistan.
b'police baton charge abvp activists during a protest against the amnesty international india in bengaluru on friday.
(source: pti photo) police baton charge abvp activists during a protest against the amnesty international india in bengaluru on friday.
(source: pti photo)congress on sunday came under fire from top ministers in the modi government for sympathising with supporters of terrorists, a day after karnataka home minister gave a clean chit to amnesty international over an event where anti-india slogans were allegedly raised.
four days ago, in the capital of karnataka, during a programme in bangalore, azadi (freedom) slogans were raised by a few people.
after so many sacrifices this country has made, some political parties do it for vote bank politics, he said addressing a rally on the outskirts of jammu city.
the finance minister recalled a similar incident at jnu in january and said raising slogans to advocate the disintegration of the country cannot be seen as freedom of speech as advocated by some.
union minister ananth kumar, who met a group of abvp activists on a dharna in bengaluru, charged the congress government in karnataka with sympathising with supporters of terrorists and taking action against nationalists.
it is unfortunate that the congress government under the chief ministership of siddaramaiah has taken action against nationalists and sympathised with supporters of terrorists, he told reporters.
it is the duty of the union and state governments to protect the unity, integrity and sovereignty of the country.
i am very happy about abvp activists efforts to do so by waging a fight against the present congress government in karnataka, he said.
the protesting activists submitted a memorandum demanding an national investigation agency (nia) investigation into the whole episode.
in reply, kumar said he would meet union home minister rajnath singh and convey the sentiments of the protesters and submit the memorandum seeking nia investigation into the incident.
however, senior congress leader shashi tharoor defended parameshwaras clean chit to the human rights organisation, saying national security does not get compromised when a few people chant anti-national slogans.
national security of our country is not going to be compromised by few people shouting slogans.
we are stronger than that, we are bigger than that, we are better than that, tharoor told pti on the sidelines of a conference on ipr organised by o p jindal global university (jgu) in delhi.
charging amnesty with sedition law was already a big mistake.
the ngo has not advocated violence and no one at the conference did so, he said, adding we are not at war at the moment.
we dont have to think in terms of treason and all, he told.
parameshwara had on saturday said,amnesty international is not new to bengaluru, this organisation has been functioning here for a long time.
i dont know nor i have heard in the past about it (amnesty) or anyone from it involving in any anti-national activities.
they (amnesty) had organised a programme about armys excesses in kashmir.
they had called a few families (from kashmir) to console them and give them some sort of mental support, in which certain incidents took place about which an fir has been registered, he said in remarks that were viewed as giving a clean chit to the rights advocacy group.
amnesty international had on saturday last organised the event as part of a campaign to seek justice for victims of human rights violations in jammu and kashmir, which took an ugly turn with heated exchanges and alleged raising of slogans in support of kashmirs independence and against the indian army.
abvp activists had submitted a cd containing video recording of the event after filing a complaint with police, who registered an fir against amnesty international under various penal laws, including those related to sedition.
he also said the fundamental problem during the upa rule was that its prime minister (manmohan singh) was not a natural leader of the ruling party or the government that committed mistakes in its approach to policy as well as in intention.
watch what else is making newsbut now we have someone who is willing to take courageous decisions in the form of narendra modi, he added.
jaitley was speaking at budget 2017  an analysis, organised by bengaluru city bjp and attended by union ministers ananth kumar and sadananda gowda and state party president bs yeddyurappa, among others.
the upa prime minister, he further said, did not have the last word as far as the government was concerned.
this model can be prevalent in a company where a hired ceo is brought in by shareholders to run it and he reports to the board, but not applicable to the worlds largest democracy.
democracies dont work like this.
countries need an inspirational leadership which leads from the front.
he said every politician wants the vestige of arbitrary and absolute power, but good governance does not permit that.
they were quite satisfied with the system in which contracts and natural resources were to be arbitrarily distributed.
whether it was coal mine or spectrum, the arbitrary power of the government or the discretionary power of the government is what they relished, he said.
stating that this discretionary power can create a lot of complications and that is why corruption charges came up, some of which were proved, people were jailed and led to a scare in taking decisions, he said, adding that there was a problem of intention.
construction of farm ponds, wells, percolation tanks are some of the works which the state had pushed for in these areas.
construction of farm ponds, wells, percolation tanks are some of the works which the state had pushed for in these areas.
since last two budgets improving irrigation facility has been one of the major thrusts of the centre with states like maharashtra receiving lions share of the funds.
over the last few years, support for micro irrigation has been growing in the state as it allows for decentralisation of water resources.
however, like big dams, the minor irrigation works in maharashtra has been plagued by various issues.
documents accessed by the indian express from various ministries shows that 70 per cent of the minor irrigation projects in the drought prone marathwada region remains unfinished.
between 2009 and 2014, around 3,623 minor irrigation works valued at rs 360.
85 crores were completed while 1,069 minor irrigation works valued at rs 104.
38 crores was in progress.
watch:the works in question were undertaken at the village and district levels through the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mgnregs) and the zilla parishads at the respective districts.
construction of farm ponds (shettali), wells, percolation tanks are some of the works which the state had pushed for in these areas.
since 2010, the state had made it a policy to push for drought proofing work in marathwada.
during the customary audit of the works the accountant general (ag) of the state raised a series of objections in the manner the minor irrigation works were undertaken.
one of the major finding during the audit of was the absence of a district-wise masterplan for undertaking the minor irrigation plan.
absence of the master plan, the audit said, would put a question mark on the projects as neither their viability nor their usefulness in the long term could be accessed.
also, more than 1,800 works were undertaken without proper economic viability report.
the total expenditure on these work was estimated to be around rs 140 crores.
many of the districts had taken up work for construction of ponds but not even 50 per cent of the work was completed.
of the 2,000 farm ponds planned in latur, only 565 was completed while of the 200 planned in hingoli, just about 48 were completed.
in parbhani, 7,435 minor irrigation works was started but only 938 completed.
the lack of a masterplan for minor irrigation works was one of the biggest problem besieging the sector, said parineeta dandekar, of the south asian network of dams rivers and people (sandrp), adding, in the absence of a plan, expenditure is meaningless, she said.
former chief engineer of the water resources department vijay pandhare said the amount allocated in the budget is too less.
rs 5,000 crores for the nation is too small to make any significant difference.
efforts are necessary to see works are finished on time, he said.
congress president rahul gandhi (file photo) congress president rahul gandhi (file photo)congress president rahul gandhi wished a speedy recovery to finance minister arunjaitley after the latter underwent a kidney transplant surgery at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) on may 14.
im happy to hear that arunjaitley jis kidney transplant surgery, today at aiims, went well.
i wish him a speedy recovery, gandhi wrote on twitter.
im happy to hear that arunjaitley jis kidney transplant surgery, today at aiims, went well.
i wish him a speedy recovery.
http://t.
co/8ljsyzuv2t  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) may 14, 2018at the aicc briefing, congresss communications in-charge randeep surjewala also extended best wishes and a speedy recovery to arunjaitley on behalf of the party and its president.
jaitley underwent a successful kidney transplant surgery at the aiims this morning.
the surgery has been successful.
both the recipient and the donor are stable and recovering well, a statement from aarti vij, the head of the media and protocol division of the aiims, said.
jaitley has been unwell for a while and was undergoing treatment at the aiims.
recently, while taking a dig at prime minister narendra modi, gandhi had tweeted a fake letter from the pm, saying, dear fm, as you are indisposed and finance secretary is on vacation with his guru on a quest for inner peace, i have decided to shut the finance ministry till further notice.
the pmo will take all financial policy decisions as before.
prime minister (sic).
amit shah postponed his monday visit to arunachal pradesh and the party is likely to defer its national executive meeting scheduled for july 15-16 in view of the presidential election.
amit shah postponed his monday visit to arunachal pradesh and the party is likely to defer its national executive meeting scheduled for july 15-16 in view of the presidential election.
ahead of the upcoming presidential elections on july 17, bjp president amit shah on monday formed a three-member committee for consultations with other political parties regarding the candidate for the elections.
the members of the committee are rajnath singh, venkaiah naidu and arun jaitley.
shah postponed his monday visit to arunachal pradesh to focus on deliberations over the election strategy.
the party is also likely to defer its national executive meeting scheduled for july 15-16 in vishakapatnam in view of the presidential election.
earlier on sunday, the top opposition leaders had scheduled to meet on wednesday to formally begin the exercise of finalising the common candidates for presidential elections.
according to sources, a 10-member sub-group set up from among the opposition parties will work towards finalising the candidates, while watching out for any move from the governments side.
contrary to reports, ncp chief sharad pawar is not heading the sub-group.
the ncp has nominated praful patel to the panel.
in his absence, party mp tariq anwar would attend the meetings.
many opposition parties, including congress, are keen that pawar contest for the presidents post.
while he has shown no interest, attempts are on to persuade him.
the election to the top constitutional post will be held on july 17.
the last date for filing nomination is june 28.
the nomination process will begin june 14 with the issuance of a notification and the counting of votes will take place on july 20 in new delhi.
b'vinod rai, former comptroller and auditor general of india, has been appointed the first chairman of banks board bureau.
(express archive) vinod rai, former comptroller and auditor general of india, has been appointed the first chairman of banks board bureau.
(express archive)a day before the presentation of the budget for 2016-17, prime minister narendra modi approved the constitution of the bank board bureau, which seeks to reform the appointment process for top-level posts and improve governance in public sector banks.
vinod rai, former comptroller and auditor general of india, under whose watch the cag estimated the loss due to spectrum allocation at rs 1,70,000-crore under the upa ii government, has been appointed chairman of the bureau, the finance ministry said in a statement on sunday.
modi also approved the appointment of anil k khandelwal, former cmd of bank of baroda, h n sinor,former joint md of icici bank and rupa kudwa, former md & ceo of rating agency crisil, as members of the bureau.
rai and the three members will have a two-year tenure from the date of notification, or until further orders, the ministry said.
the bureau would be responsible for the search and selection of heads of public sector banks, and for wholetime directors and non-executive chairman on the boards of psu banks.
with the constitution of the bureau, the government intends to professionalise the selection for tops posts at psu banks.
the idea is to improve the commercial performance and governance process of state-owned banks by appointing the right candidates to lead these institutions.
as reported by the indian express in a series of articles this month, the performance of state-owned banks has deteriorated, while their non performing assets have increased sharply over the past couple of years.
in the last three years, public sector banks have written off rs 1,14,000 crore, the indian express reported on february 8.
after writing off rs 53,100 crore in 2014-15, banks are expected to write off another rs 52,227 crore this year.
psu banks gross npas are expected to jump 31.
48 per cent in the fiscal ending march 2016  to rs 426,400 crore from rs 324,300 crore.
last august, while announcing a reforms roadmap called indradhanush for the psu banks, the finance ministry outlined the structure of the bank board bureau, and said the bureau would be constituted by march.
the bureau, which will in due course turn into a bank investment holding company, would also help banks develop differentiated strategies and capital raising plans through innovative instruments.
state-owned banks need rs 1.
8 lakh crore of capital by march 2019, out of which rs 1.
1 lakh crore will be raised from the market, while the government has committed to provide rs 70,000 crore, as per the finance ministrys estimates.
a committee headed by former chairman of axis bank p j nayak had in 2014 suggested setting up of a bank board bureau, which would be later turned into a bank investment company.
the bureau will replace the appointment board, which selects top officials for public sector banks.
the congress raised questions over the decision to appoint former cag rai, wondering whether the appointment was a quid pro quo and did not violate article 148 (4) of the constitution.
article 148(4) says the cag shall not be eligible for further office under the government of india or of any state after he has ceased to hold his office.
congress communication department head randeep surjewala tweeted: pm confers padma award, appoints ex cag vinod rai as chairman, banks bureau super appointments body for psu banks.
does it not violate art 148(4) of constitution?
quid pro quo?
b'finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arunjaitley congress tuesday hit back at finance minister arunjaitley for what it called his unfair criticism of its leadership, deepening the political confrontation between the two sides days after the government reached out to the main opposition party to end the deadlock over the good and services tax (gst) bill.
the congress said no constructive engagement can be achieved by targeting, blaming and insulting its leadership.
the party was enraged by jaitleys remarks that it was the congress high command  seen as a reference to party president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi  that was coming in the way of an agreement on the gst.
the congress rejects the unfair criticism of its leadership and the party.
it is ironic that this charge has been levelled by the finance minister, who has an unflattering distinction of justifying the parliamentary disruption as a legitimate strategy for the opposition, anand sharma said.
b'chief economic adviser arvind subramanian.
chief economic adviser arvind subramanian.
as bjp leader subramanian swamy went after his new target chief economic adviser arvind subramanian, finance ministry on wednesday defended his appointment, saying it knew of his stance on key issues like ipr before hand.
government had taken a considered view when it appointed the former imf economist as cea, sources in the ministry said.
the finance ministry knew of his stance on key issues like intellectural property rights (ipr) before choosing him, they said adding the ministry was not giving credence to swamys remarks on subrmananian.
after targeting rbi governor raghuram rajan, swamy has now trained his guns on the cea, demanding his sacking.
who said to us cong on 13/3/13 the us should act against india to defend us pharmaceuticals interests?
arvind subramanian mof !
!
sack him!
!
!
, he tweeted.
swamys attack comes in the wake of reports of arvind subramanian being among the probable successors of rajan as the countrys central bank chief.
the bjp government had in october, 2014 appointed iim-ahmedabad allumnus subramanian as cea in the finance ministry.
eacting to the attack, congress leader divijaya singh said his target is not arvind subramanian but finance minister arunjaitley and asked whether prime ministernarendra modi is handing over finance ministry to swamy.
subramanian swamy now guns for arvind subramanian economic advisor to nda.
target is arunjaitley not arvind subramanian, he said.
b'chief minister virbhadra singh in shimla on monday.
pti chief minister virbhadra singh in shimla on monday.
ptiafter arunchal pradesh and uttarakhand, the bjp seems to have set its sights on himachal pradesh.
top sources in the party said it is relying on rebels in the congress to pull down the state government.
and amid reports that some congress mlas are in touch with the bjp, chief minister virbhadra singh rushed to new delhi on monday and had a meeting with congress president sonia gandhi.
hours later, the congress said the bjp was making all out efforts to topple its governments in himachal pradesh and manipur.
unrest had been brewing in the himachal congress for some time now.
the rift, in fact, had come out in the open in october last year when as many as four congress mlas skipped a show of strength organised by the chief minister before congress president sonia gandhi following the cbis raid at his residence.
sources said some of the mlas then had a dinner meeting with a bjp cabinet minister.
in manipur, the okram ibobi singh government is facing a serious crisis after 25 rebel mlas revolted against him.
we are leaving it to the congresss own legislators, said a senior bjp leader.
bjp sources said dissidents in the 60-member manipur assembly  where the congress has 42 mlas  could join the bjp if their demands were not met by the congress leadership.
bjp leaders said unhappy congress mlas of himachal, too, have been in touch with them.
bjp general secretary kailash vijayvargiya, who played a key role in the political developments in uttarakhand, told the indian express that rebellions are going to happen in congress-ruled states across the country.
the congresss national leadership, with its style of functioning and its siding with anti-national forces, has distanced party leaders.
they no longer have faith in the leadership.
that is the reason behind the rebellion.
such rebellions are going to happen across the country, vijayvargiya said.
meanwhile, finance minister arunjaitley was quoted as saying by pti that pitfalls of the congress leadership, which he said was not merit-based, is clearly being reflected in the recent developments.
he said one of the principal grievances, a lot of its tall leaders have had, was the inability to communicate with the central decision makers or decision maker.
during his meeting with sonia, the himachal cm is learnt to have discussed the cases against him and dissident activities in the state.
on its part, the congress fears repeat of the events that unfolded in arunachal pradesh and uttarakhand in himachal pradesh and manipur.
there is anger among a huge section of the leaders over the way the high command handled the situation in arunachal and uttarakhand.
many top leaders feel congress vice president rahul gandhi should have met dissident mlas from both the states and found a way out.
the criticism perhaps prompted sonia to meet singh immediately, as it is said she did not give him an audience the last time he was here to meet her.
singh later said the bjp government is trying to destabilise and topple his government by using central agencies.
referring to arunachal and uttarakhand, he said the centre has been destabilising congress-ruled states one after another.
he also accused the bjp government of misusing government agencies to embroil him in different cases.
at the aicc briefing, spokesperson r p n singh said the bjp was trying to topple its governments in manipur and himachal and argued that even assam chief minister tarun gogoi said the bjp had tried to destabilise his government.
b'express photo/amarjeet singh express photo/amarjeet singhthe cabinet on thursday approved a rs 8,000-crore scheme to provide cooking gas (lpg) connections free of cost to women members of poor households.
the cabinet, headed by prime minister narendra modi, approved pradhan mantri ujwala yojana with an outlay of rs 8,000 crore for three years, oil minister dharmendra pradhan told pti in new delhi.
the scheme aims to provide on a war footing lpg connections to women members of bpl families.
women of india have faced the curse of smoke during the process of cooking.
according to experts, having an open fire in the kitchen is like burning 400 cigarettes an hour.
the time has come to remedy this situation, he said said in his budget speech.
he had stated that the government has decided to embark on a massive mission to provide lpg connections in names of women members of poor households.
i have set aside a sum of rs 2,000 crore in this years budget to meet the initial cost of providing these lpg connections.
this will benefit about 1 crore 50 lakh households below the poverty line in 2016-17, he had said.
the scheme will be continued for at least two more years to cover a total of 5 crore bpl households.
this will ensure universal coverage of cooking gas in the country.
the move is aimed at empowering women and protecting their health, pradhan stressed.
finance minister arunjaitley addresses a delegation while speaking on the gst issues during the vibrant gujarat investor summit in gandhinagar on wednesday.
(source; reuters) finance minister arunjaitley addresses a delegation while speaking on the gst issues during the vibrant gujarat investor summit in gandhinagar on wednesday.
(source; reuters)the centre and the states managed to hammer out a broad consensus over the contentious issue of division of administrative control over tax assessees at the ninth meeting of gst council monday though it will be at the cost of a three-month delay in the rollout of the proposed indirect tax regime.
5 crore will be under the control of states and the remaining 10 per cent will be under the centres jurisdiction.
for a turnover of rs 1.
5 crore and higher, there will be equal division of assessees between the states and the centre.
5 crore turnover and 90 per cent of less than rs 1.
5 crore turnover.
the centre would get to assess 50 per cent of above rs 1.
5 crore turnover and 10 per cent of less than rs 1.
5 crore turnover.
some ministers, including west bengal finance minister amit mitra, are learnt to have objected to the 90:10 ratio of division between the states and the centre, instead seeking exclusive control over all tax assessees below the annual turnover threshold of rs 1.
5 crore.
as far as the dual control is concerned, the centre has come, finally, very close to the position that the empowered committee had taken, where under rs 1.
5 crore, all goods, all deemed goods, and the decision taken on which i had to put a dissent, that 90 per cent of all goods and services will be with the states.
only 10 per cent of services are with the centre, on which i had to dissent because i wanted 100 per cent.
so we have come very close to 100 per cent but unless it is 100 per cent, i was constrained to dissent, because i wanted that extra 10 per cent, mitra told reporters after the meeting.
kerala finance minister thomas isaac, who left the council meeting early, said that there was no decision and an agreement was being worked upon.
the discussions are still going on.
there is no agreement as to how the taxes will be administered territorial waters, taxation powers will be delegated to the states some compromise will be worked out.
below rs 1.
5 crore could be under the administrative control of states.
centre would have certain limited amount of audit functions that could be one possible compromise.
discussions are going on, he told reporters.
the changes would be incorporated in the draft legislations relating to integrated gst (igst), state gst (sgst) and central gst (cgst), following which they would be shared with the council at its next meeting on february 18.
once they are free from making the drafts, the officials who are lending technical support will start working out the fitment of rates in various slabs.
this exercise will, in all probability, take us into the month of march.
the ministers and council then assessed the realistic date by when the three important things pending  final draft legislation and rules, secondly, approval of these by the legislative bodies and fitment of rates can take place.
he said since it is a transactional tax, it can be introduced any time.
the council members felt that industry and trade should be given some adequate notice and once the rates are decided, the systems of gstn will have to be modified suitably, he said.
the government is constitutionally mandated as per the constitution (one hundred and first amendment) act, 2016, passed by parliament last year, to roll out the indirect tax regime by september 16 this year.
since the gst will miss the april 1 deadline, the indirect tax receipts estimates in the upcoming budget for 2017-18 will include a combination of excise and service tax for three months and gst for the next nine months, a senior government official said.
also, the penal arrest provisions, which were part of the draft law, have been diluted.
officials said default in payment of taxes amounting up to rs 2 crore will be a bailable offence.
the arrest powers will be invoked only in cases of criminal offences like forgery and tax not deposited in government coffers.
tax experts said that the consensus on cross empowerment and a delayed rollout date has ended uncertainty and will give enough preparation time to the industry.
resolution of contentious issues such as dual control in todays meeting signifies the most decisive step that we have seen on the gst front in the past three months.
the announcement that gst rollout would be from july 1 instead of april 1 is welcome as it ends the anxiety of the industry to have a firm rollout date in place, m s mani, senior director, indirect tax, deloitte haskins & sells llp said.
harishanker subramaniam, national leader  indirect tax, ey india, said, its indeed a very positive development and takes the gst journey forward.
what remains now are the rates for various goods and services which i am sure will be decided in march 2017.
replying to a debate on budget in lok sabha, he blamed the previous upa dispensation for the massive npas of the banks, saying lending of indiscriminate loans to select people and industries during that period was the root cause of the problem.
watch what else is making newsaapke dwara kiye gaye karmon ka byaj hum de rahe hain (we are paying for your misdeeds), he said.
in an obvious reference to rahul gandhis allegations that the current government had given a benefit of rs 1,200 crore to vijay mallya, arunjaitley insisted that not a rupee benefit was given to the businessman by any bank since the nda came to power in may 26, 2014.
as per the official figure, gross npas of public sector banks rose to rs 6,30,323 crore by september 2016.
the percentage (of npas) has not been increased because we have started giving much higher unaccountable loans.
most of these are loans given during 2007-08-09 period when the boom period of the economy was there, he said.
your allegation is that your sins have not been corrected and reversed by us.
this cannot be a charge on us, said the finance minister.
jaitley said disproportionate loans were given by the upa to certain industries and that they were not farmers.
documents which have come out say that loans were given through intervention of the north block and the concerned bank officials were having to pay for it now, he said, in an apparent reference to cases being filed against some bank officials in connection with mallya case.
these were not to small people.
it was to big companies.
it was your legacy, it was your contribution.
our misfortune is that every year the interest goes up and so it becomes 5.
1 per cent from 4.
1 per cent and then becomes 6.
1, he said, adding the nda was paying interest on upas work.
i am happy because i am one of the largest beneficiary of this (demonetisation) because i head the housing ministry.
my housing interest rates have come down considerable,said venkaiah naidu.
(pti photo) i am happy because i am one of the largest beneficiary of this (demonetisation) because i head the housing ministry.
my housing interest rates have come down considerable,said venkaiah naidu.
(pti photo)housing sector is the biggest beneficiary of demonetisation as interest rates have fallen, union minister m venkaiah naidu on friday said and expressed hope that finance minister will announce more incentives for the sector in the budget on february 1.
taking a jibe on commentators who cast doubts on benefits to government from demonetisation as rs 15 lakh crore have come back into the system, naidu said this will lead to more people coming under the tax net.
watch what else is making newsevery note has come back to the bank and note is followed by an addresswhether it is white or black that will be known after its scrutiny, the minister for urban development, housing and urban poverty alleviation said at an investors meet here.
if tax net widens, the interest rates will come down, he added.
i am happy because i am one of the largest beneficiary of this (demonetisation) because i head the housing ministry.
my housing interest rates have come down considerable.
i hope my friend finance minister arunjaitley will do some more in the coming budget, he said and added that boom in housing sector means pick up in sectors like cement, steel, and construction, leading increase in employment.
jaitley is scheduled to present the union budget for 2017-18 financial year on february 1.
the government on november 8 last year had demonetised rs 500/1000 notes, which constituted about 87 per cent of the currency in circulation.
with banks flushed with cash, the interest rates have fallen by up to one per cent.
bjp president amit shah and union ministers piyush goyal and jitender singh visited aiims to meet arunjaitley after the surgery.
bjp president amit shah and union ministers piyush goyal and jitender singh visited aiims to meet arunjaitley after the surgery.
union finance minister arunjaitley kidney transplant surgery at aiims on monday was successful, the hospital said, adding that both the minister and his donor were recovering.
dr aarti vij, chairperson of the media and protocol division said, arunjaitley , honble minister of finance and corporate affairs underwent renal transplant surgery today at aiims delhi.
the surgery has been succesful.
both the recipient and donor and stable and recovering well.
aiims sources said arunjaitley was shifted to the intensive care unit after the surgery and is likely to remain in the hospital for 10-15 days.
pti reported that the donor was a middle-aged woman, a distant relative of jaitley.
the surgery was carried out at the cardio-thoracic centre by a team of 20 people, comprising former chief of aiims renal transplant division sandeep guleria, currently working with apollo hospital, surgeon v k bansal, nephrologist sandeep mahajan and aiims director randip guleria.
sandeep guleria is the brother of randeep guleria and a family friend of the ministers.
bjp president amit shah and union ministers piyush goyal and jitender singh visited aiims to meet arunjaitley after the surgery.
follow the indian express coverage on karnataka assembly election results 2018.
hasmukh adhia said, the response (to the pmgky) has not been so goodabout rs 5,000 crore of income was declared in pmgky.
hasmukh adhia said, the response (to the pmgky) has not been so goodabout rs 5,000 crore of income was declared in pmgky.
response to the pradhan mantri garib kalyan yojana (pmgky) has not been so good, with only rs 5,000 crore unaccounted income being declared under the amnesty scheme, the government said on thursday.
the scheme was launched in december last year to enable people with black money to come clean by paying tax and penalty of 50 per cent.
the response (to the pmgky) has not been so goodabout rs 5,000 crore of income was declared in pmgky.
there are mainly two factors for it.
one, even before the scheme was announced people had tried to put their cash into different accounts.
second was the (tax and penalty) rate, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia told reporters.
keep in mind that pmgky in that financial year was not an isolated scheme.
you first had the ids, then you had people depositing cash in banking system knowing it would incur a tax liability and pmgky was over and above that.
when you look at the total amount of disclosures made, you have to look at all three of them collectively, the minister said, adding the government is continuing the drive against black money under the benami law.
besides, in the four-month window provided under the income disclosure scheme (ids) between june-september 2016, as much as rs 67,382 crore worth illicit wealth was declared.
offering one last window to black money holders post demonetisation, the government had come out with pmgky giving them time until march-end to come clean by paying tax and penalty.
it provided for payment of 49.
9 per cent tax, surcharge and penalty.
also, a mandatory deposit of 25 per cent of the black money was to be made in a zero-interest bearing account for four years.
b'prime minister narendra modi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendra modi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)keeping an eye on the 2019 lok sabha elections, prime minister narendra modi on wednesday urged chief ministers of the bjp-ruled states to expedite implementation of the welfare schemes and work hard to take his governments flagship programmes to the masses.
the prime minister, who addressed the chief ministers and deputy chief ministers of the 14 bjp-ruled states, also took up the issue of holding simultaneous elections  an idea he has been promoting vigorously  at the meeting.
party president amit shah assessed the bjps organisational strength and preparedness for the upcoming elections in the states and the lok sabha election.
it was decided to create public awareness about the benefits of simultaneous elections and the negative impact of frequent elections, chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh told reporters after the meeting held at the bjps newly built headquarters here.
modi, as well as his party leaders, have been advocating simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections, saying that it will help the government carry out developmental activities without impediments.
according to bjp leaders, the prime minister reiterated at the meeting that the idea of one-nation-one-election will also minimise scope for corruption and misutilisation of public funds.
singh told reporters that works done by different states were also discussed and deliberations were held on coordination between the centre and the states for effective implementation of the governments flagship health insurance scheme.
the scheme, promoted as namo care, is expected to be a major election plank for the ruling party in 2019.
the chief ministers were asked to submit the organisation works in their respective states and a report on the implementation of the welfare schemes.
all bjp chief ministers, barring goa chief minister manohar parrikar, and six deputy chief ministers were present at the meeting, which was also attended by top party leaders, including union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley.
the narendra modi government on thursday gave its approval to the pune metro project, creating a record of sorts by clearing the proposal in less than 24 hours of receiving it from the state government.
sources in the ministry of urban development said the government sent its revised detailed project report (dpr) on wednesday through an email.
union minister of urban development venkaiah naidu forwarded it to modi and finance minister arun jaitely.
on thursday, during the inauguration of the nagpur metro, naidu gave in-principle nod for pune metro.
he said, after the nagpur metro, we have taken the decision to roll out the pune metro and also the third phase of mumbai metro.
the congress and the ncp had last week accused union minister for surface transport nitin gadkari and modi of giving preference to the nagpur metro and ignoring the pune project.
gadkari said: there was no question of discrimination.
the state government had not submitted the proposal for the pune metro.
as a result, the centre could not take a decision.
it seems after the centre put the ball in the states court, the latter hurriedly emailed the dpr.
ncp ministers said the rs 15,000-crore project, which was an initiative of party chief sharad pawar, was kept in abeyance because of slow pace of clearance from the cm.
a senior congress minister said: the urban development department stuck to the guidelines and kept the issue on hold.
had they acted fast, the project would have rolled by now.
8 coaches of mahakaushal express derail.
8 coaches of mahakaushal express derail.
eight coaches of mahakaushal express derails near kulpahar, at least 22 injuredthe jabalpur-nizamuddin mahakaushal express derailed near mahoba station in uttar pradesh on thursday.
eight coaches of the train derailed at around 2.
07 am.
according to latest reports, 22 people have been injured in the accident but no deaths have been reported.
relief and rescue was rushed to the accident site.
the cpro said the eight coaches derailed from the rear side of the train, between mahoba and kanpur.
helplines at jhansi, gwalior, banda and nizamuddin stations have been started to disseminate information to relatives of the passengers.
read more herefour key bills on gst get lok sabha green signal: decks cleared for july rollout of uniform tax regimefinance minister finance minister arunjaitley speaks in the lok sabhathe lok sabha, wednesday night, passed four crucial goods and services tax related supplementary bills, paving way for the july 1 rollout of the gst regime that will bring a unified tax regime, bringing together all central and state taxes of the country.
read more hereswitching tactics, militants target homes of police officers in valleymilitants in jammu and kashmir have now started barging into houses of police officers in and attacking their homes and families and going away with the message: quit your jobs or face the consequences.
in the last three weeks, at least five police officers homes in south and central kashmir have been attacked.
the militants have threatened their family members and damaged household items before threatening them.
for us, this new trend is a matter of concern.
i have alerted my parents to not open the door once it is dark, an officer posted in north kashmir told the indian express.
read more herebhopal-ujjain train blast: nia conducts raids in kashmir, hyderabadafter the interrogation of the three arrested for the bhopal-ujjain train blast, the national investigation agency conducted raids in kashmir and hyderabad to find out more about the men who were allegedly in contact with those arrested.
according the mastermind behind the group atif muzaffar and his accomplice syed mir husain, they were in touch with an 18-year-old kashmiri over a secure messaging app telegram.
atif told me that now we are in direct contact with the islamic state (is), husain purportedly told the officers.
read more hereminister who quit over lewd talk was target of trap, claims reporter of channel that aired clipa mangalam tv reporter has claimed that kerala transport minister a k saseendran who was caught on a lewd phone conversation that forced him to resign was a trap that was laid by the news channel.
al-neema ashraf, a reporter with the newly launched mangalam tv, claimed that senior editors asked a team of reporters, to use any means to trap the minister.
ashraf was part of the group and also said that there were others on the list apart from saseendran.
congress leader p chidambaram.
(pti photo by manvender vashist) congress leader p chidambaram.
(pti photo by manvender vashist)former finance minister p chidambaram today said the nature of our democracy is such that political parties cannot function without funding from citizens.
political party is not a commercial venture.
please remember in a democracy, it is the people who must fund the political parties.
if you want a party-based democracy, political parties must be funded by people, he said here while responding to a question on why political parties are exempted from paying income tax.
watch video | fake rs 2,000 notes from pakistan smuggled into india through bangladesh borderthe veteran congress leader, who is a rajya sabha mp from maharashtra, was in a western suburb to campaign for the high-stake bmc elections slated for february 21.
he said as the political parties are not engaged in any kind of commercial business or income earning activities, they collect money from people.
chidambaram observed the political funding is a gift of people to the political system, when assumption is that money these parties receive is accounted for and taxes have already been paid on it.
the assumption is when you give rs 5,000 to my party, i am assuming that it is accounted money.
therefore, there is no reason to tax again a money given to a political party.
gift is not taxed today as the assumption is that you have paid tax and you are giving gift, he said.
however, he expressed the political parties should maintain accounts which should be audited and submitted to the election commission.
the lowering of cash ceiling on political donations to rs 2,000 from previous rs 20,000 was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in budget 2017-18.
earlier, the election commission had urged the government to amend laws to ban anonymous contributions of rs 2000 and above made to political parties.
mounting a sharp attack on senior congress leader sam pitroda over his so what remark on 1984 anti-sikh riots, prime minister narendra modi friday said it showed the character and mentality of the grand old party.
advertisingaddressing a poll rally on the last day of campaigning for the sixth phase in haryanas rohtak, modi said, congress, which ruled for a maximum period, has been insensitive and that is reflected by the three words spoken yesterdaythese words have not been spoken just like that, these words are character and mentality and intentions of the congress.
referring to pitrodas remarks, modi said, and which were these words, these were hua to hua.
he kept repeating hua to hua and told the gathering that they must be wondering what the prime minister was saying.
we can very well understand arrogance of those who run the congress in these three wordshua to hua, modi continued.
yesterday, one of the tallest leaders of the congress speaking in a loud voice on 1984 said 84 ka danga hua to hua.
do you know who this leader is, he is very close to the gandhi familythis leader was very good friend of rajiv gandhi and guru of congress naamdar (dynast) president, he said.
advertisingon thursday, pitroda, a close aide of rahul gandhi and overseas congress head, stirred up a hornets nest after he reportedly said, so what, it happened about the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
a series of bjp leaders targeted pitroda over his comments, including finance minister arunjaitley who said it was a matter of disgrace that the congress did not have any remorse and wondered if rahul gandhi would oust his guru for the remark.
also read | sam pitrodas 1984 riots remark: will rahul gandhi oust his guru, asks arun jaitleydefending himself, pitroda accused the bjp of distorting the truth and said things of the past are not relevant in this election.
i have noticed how bjp is again twisting three words from my interview to distort facts, divide us and hide their failures.
sad that they have nothing positive to offer, he tweeted.
i acknowledged the pain of my sikh brothers and sisters during difficult times in 1984 and deeply feel for the atrocities that happened.
but these are things from past that are not really relevant to this election which is all about what did modi government do for the last five years.
rajiv gandhi and rahul gandhi will never target a group of people based on creed, he said.
in a press statement, congress distanced itself from pitrodas remarks and said advised leaders to be careful and sensitive.
riots & violence have no place in our society.
indian national congress abhors violence of any kind, against any person of a group of people based on their caste, colour, region or religion.
our statement- pic.
twitter.com/w9bedw2ekf  randeep singh surjewala (@rssurjewala) may 10, 2019we continue to support the quest for justice and stern punishment for those found guilty in 1984 riots as also the subsequent acts of violence including the 2002 gujarat riots.
any opinion remark made by any individual to the contrary including shri sam pitroda is not the opinion of the congress party, the statement said.
b'union finance minister arun jaitley.
union finance minister arun jaitley.
pitching for more reforms, finance minister arunjaitley friday said the world no longer ridicules india of clocking hindu rate of growth and economic liberalisation has helped it grow at a faster pace.
the constituency that favours reforms day, he said, is much more than those who oppose it and the country can grow at a faster rate generating more resources to effectively fund anti-poverty schemes.
right till about 40 years of independence, india was growing at about paltry 2-2.
5 per cent.
the world was ridiculing us and the indian economy, and its growth was referred to globally as the hindu rate of growth.
the moderate growth recorded till 1980s was described by economists as the hindu rate of growth.
after economic liberalisation in 1991, india has been growing at a much faster pace and in some years also crossed the 10 per cent mark.
he said as the economy grows faster, people get more jobs, wealth is generated, people are pulled out of poverty lines and then a resource-full state is able to generate a lot of anti-poverty programmes.
if we continue to follow the (reforms) path we will probably be able to write a new chapter in that history, he noted.
it was indias misfortune that what happened in 1991 should have started 20 years before.
had it started 20 years earlier, the 1970-80s would not have been the wasted decades as far as the indian economy is concerned.
he said that in the two decades, the ultimate objective was to have a restrictive regime where the government of the day instead of focusing on increasing productivity and wealth generation concentrated on distribution of existing inadequate resources, which distributed poverty.
jaitley regretted that even a few years ago, india started going back to the pre-1991 days, where sloganeering was given more priority over growth.
again, redistribution of existing resources rather than increasing productivity but at the end of the day, the idea was rejected and india realised that only when you grow faster that you pull up a major part of people and start a lot of poverty alleviation programmes, the minister stressed.
b'there is reason to cheer the uncle-nephew fight in the samajwadi party.
what makes it exceptional is that disagreements within the family that control a party rarely plays out in the open: the patriarch mediates among warring family members and declares a truce.
in this case, mulayam singh yadav, head honcho of the sp, allowed the fight between his brother and son to spill over into public platforms and took sides, interestingly, in favour of his brother.
the brother, shivpal yadav, having demonstrated that he has the confidence of mulayam, has now refused to be drawn into a fight with his nephew and up chief minister, akhilesh yadav.
akhilesh had taken key portfolios from shivpal after mulayam made his brother the sps up unit chief.
thats the cms prerogative, shivpal told the media on thursday.
with less than six months left for assembly elections, shivpal will hold the key to ticket distribution.
the raucous debate in the sp may seem a family matter, but when family alone matters in the running of the party, such events, in full public view with rare transparency, become refreshing and liberating.
it may even encourage dissenters in other parties to open up.
besides, the issues that triggered infighting in the sp have a political dimension.
akhilesh wasnt far off the mark when he said, what you are witnessing is a fight in the government, not the family.
the unrest among sp brass can be traced to matters like how a party ought to expand its reach in modern times and what should be the relations between the party and its government.
shivpal  also mulayam  prefers political outreach through patronage and tactical alliances with community leaders whereas akhilesh wants to transcend identity politics and have his development agenda speak for his party and government.
this battle of generations in the family for turf also bears witness to a party  and polity  in transition.
that it has taken the form of a chacha-bhatija duel only reflects a structural anomaly in indian democracy  the domination of the dynasty over party affairs.
finance minister arunjaitley once wondered if 15 families controlled the balance of power in indian politics.
barring the left parties and the bjp, most indian political outfits are run by families, including the grand old party, the congress  many of them, ironically, grew out of mass movements and initially led by leaders who emerged from the grassroots.
the patriarch or matriarch who heads the party is not accountable to anyone: non-dynasty members cant question them and expect to stay on.
the fight in the sp revealed shades of inner-party democracy, even if it resembled low comedy at times.
there needs to be more such duels in other dynasty outfits as well.
in the context of demonetisation, the obvious attempt was that the extent of the paper currency must be replaced by digitised economythis expansion is going to take place much faster than any commentators anticipated and the reasons are very obvious, he said after launching airtel payments bank in new delhi.
people do realise that paper currency and excessive use of paper currency is to the larger detriment of any society.
in fact, one of the great advantages of what has been going on is indias move towards less cash economy, he said.
he also noted that the new generation in india take to emerging technologies and techniques quite easily.
expressing hope that entry of more telecom players in the banking space will help push financial inclusion, he said entry of post offices would add a new dimension.
if you can have the post offices, i think which is the next revolution waiting to happen, that these 1.
75 lakh post offices which are underutilised  are also planning to evolve into a bank themselves, he said.
as more and more telecom companies enter the fray, he said, i think we will hopefully see competition not only amongst telecom companies which we read a lot about these days but we will probably see competition between conventional and the new mode of banking that you are going to introduce.
when volumes are going to increase, service charges are going to be minimal because the fixed cost remains the same, he said.
with jam (jan-dhan, aadhaar and mobile) and increased digitisation, banking costs are going to be minimal in the country, he added.
b'out of the total 105 projects targeted for completion before december 2019, work in as many as 41 is either over or at least 90 per cent finished.
out of the total 105 projects targeted for completion before december 2019, work in as many as 41 is either over or at least 90 per cent finished.
sustained efforts over the last two years to improve irrigation access for farmers in india seem to have begun showing results, at least in terms of creation of physical infrastructure.
the narendra modi government had, in 2016, embarked on a mission to complete all unfinished major and medium irrigation projects  some of these languishing for decades  under the accelerated irrigation benefits programme (aibp).
two years on  the mission was announced in the union budget presented on february 29, 2016  the progress has been quite impressive, going by the information made available by the ministry of water resources.
out of the total 105 projects targeted for completion before december 2019, work in as many as 41 is either over or at least 90 per cent finished.
the 41 include all the 18 priority i projects that were supposed to have been completed by the end of 2017.
there are another 32 projects, categorised under priority ii, which are to be completed this year.
the remaining 55 priority iii projects have a deadline of december next year.
the ministrys data shows that in 16 projects  including nine in the priority ii and seven in the priority iii lists  between 80 and 90 per cent of work has been completed.
further, in 57 out of the total 105 projects, there has been minimum 80 per cent work completion.
that ratio, at 54 per cent, isnt bad, considering that we still have more than one-and-a-half years to go for the terminal date of december 2019.
the 105 projects together are expected to bring an additional 6.
7 million hectares (mh) of cultivable land under irrigation.
here again, the works undertaken till february 2018 have already created nearly 4.
4 mh of new irrigation potential, which is 65 per cent of the target set for december 2019.
currently, only about 66 mh or less than half of the countrys total 142 mh arable land area has irrigation cover.
even within this 66 mh, only around 25 mh is accounted for by government-created major, medium and minor canal irrigation projects.
the balance comprises tube-wells, open wells, tanks, ponds and other private/individual-level irrigation facilities.
to that extent, the ongoing work in the 105 aibp projects represents one of the fastest expansions in the countrys irrigated land area.
while a mission-mode approach and focussed monitoring has clearly made a difference in giving a push for the completion of pending projects, the real game-changer, however, has been the provision made for innovative financing.
in the past, the annual budgetary allocations for these projects were hardly enough to keep work going, leave alone cover cost escalations, which were themselves a result of incessant execution delays.
in fact, the ministry of water resources admitted to a parliamentary committee last year that cost overruns were to the tune of 1,382 per cent in major irrigation projects.
for medium projects, this figure was 325 per cent.
realising that the monies required for these projects could not be raised solely through budgetary support, the modi government decided to explore the market borrowings option.
the 2016-17 union budget announced the creation of a dedicated long-term irrigation fund (litf) under the national bank for agriculture and rural development or nabard with an initial corpus of rs 20,000 crore.
it was also proposed to generate rs 86,500 crore over five years, with the budgetary allocations provided every year primarily going to service these loans for financing irrigation projects.
state governments, too, were allowed to access this fund.
availability of money is the main reason for the rapid progress seen on the 105 aibp projects.
going to the market to raise money was the most crucial decision, as the government would have never been able to provide the required budgetary funds at one go to ensure project completion, a former official of the water resources ministry pointed out.
in this years budget, finance minister arunjaitley has extended the litfs scope to include command area development of even already completed projects.
the underlying thinking is that it would enable the same projects to irrigate more area.
this would expand the irrigation potential created, while also bridging the gap vis--vis that currently utilised.
in addition, nearly rs 1,000 crore has been provided for developing groundwater resources, especially in the forest and naxal-prone areas of central india.
these belts have abundant groundwater, but with sub-optimal extraction.
simultaneously, the modi governments more crop per drop initiative has resulted in roughly 8.
45 lakh hectares incremental area coming under drip and sprinkler irrigation.
according to a recent written reply to a parliament question, the centre has, in the last three years, sanctioned or released a total of rs 21,723 crore as budgetary support for the pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana.
this is an umbrella programme of all irrigation schemes, including aibp, micro-irrigation and watershed development interventions.
creating of physical infrastructure is, however, just the first step in taking water to agricultural fields.
there is equal need for reforms to ensure that water  whether from canal irrigation projects or underground resources  is measured, metered, priced and managed, along with proper crop planning, in order to cover more area and the maximum number of farmers.
the improvement of canal networks and formation of water-user associations to take undertake their operation and maintenance are among the initiatives required to enable water to reach the last person in the command area, added the earlier-quoted official.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath (file) uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath (file)uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on monday met prime minister narendra modi and some union ministers in new delhi to discuss the developmental projects in the state.
a statement from the uttar pradesh government said modi assured adityanath of support to the developmental schemes introduced by him in the state and appreciated the works of his administration.
besides the prime minister, adityanath met finance minister arunjaitley , power minister piyush goyal and highways minister nitin gadkari during his two-day stay in the national capital.
adityanath, who is still a member of the lok sabha, also called on bjp president amit shah.
during his meeting with goyal on sunday, the uttar pradesh chief minister discussed the issues related to power production and transmission in the state.
addressing a joint press conference with gadkari in new delhi on monday, he said his government had decided to augment the internal road infrastructure for a 76-km stretch for the kumbh mela in 2019.
adityanath also said the work on a rs-2,460 crore project to construct a six-lane bridge on the ganga at allahabad would commence soon.
union finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) union finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)union finance minister arunjaitley on monday was given additional charge of defence ministry after manohar parrikar resigned to take over the new role as goa chief minister.
he will assume the charge of defence ministry from tomorrow.
president pranab mukherjee accepted the resignation of parrikar from the council of ministers with immediate effect and assigned the charge of the ministry of defence to arunjaitley , in addition to his existing portfolios.
the president of india, as advised by the prime minister, has accepted the resignation of shri manohar parrikar, from the council of ministers, with immediate effect, under clause (2) of article 75 of the constitution.
further, as advised by the prime minister, the president has directed that shri arunjaitley , cabinet minister, shall be assigned the charge of the ministry of defence, in addition to his existing portfolios, reads the press release from rashtrapati bhavan.
manohar parrikar outside hotel cida de goa, panjim after meeting with bjp and other independent mlas on sunday night.
(express photo by nirmal harindran) manohar parrikar outside hotel cida de goa, panjim after meeting with bjp and other independent mlas on sunday night.
(express photo by nirmal harindran)parrikar will be swearing in as the chief minister of goa on tuesday heading the bjp-led ministry which has the support of regional outfits and independents.
i have tendered my resignation as defence minister and sent it to the prime ministers office (pmo) parrikar told pti.
i will be taking the oath tomorrow evening along with the cabinet ministers, he added.
asked how many ministers would be sworn in, parrikar said, the decision on the number of ministers and other issues are being currently worked out.
once the cabinet is finalised, we will inform the media.
this is the second time that arunjaitley is holding the additional portfolio of defence ministry during the present nda government.
he was incharge of the ministry earlier from may 26 to november 9 in 2014.
finance minister arunjaitley before presenting union budget 2018 before the parliament (express photo by renuka puri) finance minister arunjaitley before presenting union budget 2018 before the parliament (express photo by renuka puri)all happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
in anna karenina, only if a person is satisfied on all counts will she be happy.
the allocations in the budget cover every sector, with umpteen implications, and no persons expectations can be fulfilled on all counts.
while every expectation cant be met, it must be acknowledged that finance minister (fm) arunjaitley has presented a budget which focuses on rural india and is a great leap forward for the policy-battered farm sector.
according to article 112 of the constitution, the union budget is simply a statement of the estimated receipts and expenditures of the government for a particular year.
rather than the budget being an annual jamboree for announcing policies, the prime minister should address the nation with his ideas for the coming year, based on which the fm should subsequently present the budget.
the first step towards atonement and for penance is to acknowledge past failure.
as the economic survey rightly states, real incomes of farmers have been stagnant.
the next step is to take corrective measures and redeem the situation.
an effort has been initiated in that direction in this budget.
assurance of purchase of all crops for which msp is declared is a positive step.
if the governments promise is of a2+50 per cent profit, then it is half-baked.
it should have simultaneously announced acceptance of the ramesh chand committees recommendations on the calculation of msp, which it has not.
the niti aayog is finally evolving into the credible policy think-tank we had been hoping for.
it is also supposed to come out with a suitable mechanism to enable institutional credit access to lessee farmers.
the agri-market infrastructure fund, with a corpus of rs 2,000 crore, is to be set up for developing and upgrading agricultural marketing infrastructure in the 22,000 gramin agricultural markets and 585 agricultural produce market committees (apmcs).
this will enable farmers in remote locations who are devoid of any institutional mechanism to connect to markets.
operation green on the lines of operation flood to tackle the volatility of tomato, onion and potato prices is a positive development.
the long-standing demand of income tax exemption for farmer producer organisations has been fulfilled.
a rs 10,000 crore fund to finance the infrastructure requirements of fisheries, aquaculture and animal husbandry will generate rural employment and supplement farmer incomes.
the intent to mitigate the air pollution woes of delhi-ncr by subsidising the machinery required for in-situ management of crop residue has now been addressed.
targeted programmes like those under the prime minister krishi sinchai yojna for 96 irrigation-deprived districts, where less than 30 per cent of the land holdings get assured irrigation, is the way forward.
the focus on horticulture clusters and converting cattle dung and solid waste in farms to compost, fertiliser, biogas and bio-cng is also commendable.
read | budget 2018 explained: arunjaitley budget has no creative incrementalism on showthe flagship national health protection scheme to cover over 50 crore poor and vulnerable beneficiaries providing coverage upto rs 5 lakh per family per year for hospitalisation is outstanding.
but the fund allocation for the programme is insignificant.
i wonder if it will suffer the fate of many of last years budget announcements which have not materialised due to lack of allocations.
in davos, there was a general scepticism regarding the data presented to project the indian growth story.
a similar apprehension persists regarding the fund allocations in this budget.
climate change worries have not been addressed as agriculture r&d has been ignored.
nor is there a mention of the balanced use of fertilisers.
the magic-bullet demand for changing the centre-state funding ratio from 60:40 to 90:10 for agriculture-related schemes has unfortunately been overlooked.
a constant red thread running uniformly through the budgets of the past 10 years, presented by three finance ministers of india, is that farmer suicides have not abated.
in the last three years, over 36,000 farmers have committed suicide.
power is the capacity to change the lives of people.
the prime minister must direct his immense power to bring the sorry saga of farmer suicides to an end.
budget allocations serve as the perfect instrument to change the narrative of resentment to one of hope.
he must quickly solve farmers crises or heed the warning, given in different circumstances, by benjamin franklin: we must all hang together or most assuredly we will all hang separately.
finance minister arun jaitley.
(source: pti photo) finance minister arun jaitley.
in the lighter vein, the union minister said that it is not easy to be a minister in this government as one has to keep pace with the prime minister who has been aptly described as 24x7 pm in articles in magazines.
it was very easy working as leader of opposition in the upa government as there was a constant flow of scams which we exposed and the then government helped us with this, he said.
referring to the recent victories of the bjp in the state assembly elections as the result of hard work, he said now a debate has started as to who will be the main opposition against the bjp, the congress or some regional party in the coming years.
on prime minister modi, he said that ever since 2002, all sort of things were said against him but he continued hard work and directly established a dialogue with the people.
the result is that prime minister draws crowds even in foreign land and there appears to be no difference in his rally in sydney or lucknow, he said adding that it is the first time that people world over are feeling pride in being indian.
saying that the upa government suffered from policy paralysis, he said that the then prime minister was referred to as bechara.
they ran the government with the help of parties like the bsp and sp by misusing the cbi as their leaders were facingserious charges .
but this policy paralysis has been overturned and now the world salutes the country, he said the rate of development has not been allowed to dip despite global slowdown.
citing the works undertaken by different departments, he said that lack of majority in the rajya sabha has not been allowed to deter the functioning and some 101 bills were passed and the states were also given full support.
in the power sector it is the first time that availability is more than requirement, he said.
spelling out the development agenda of the government for five years ,he said that it were making maximum facilities available to villages, improving infrastructure and further developing the social security which has been started despite global slowdown.
b'president pranab mukherjee said this while addressing a conference.
president pranab mukherjee said this while addressing a conference.
distressing pollution levels in cities have breached peoples right to lead a healthy, happy and productive life, president pranab mukherjee said on tuesday.
addressing a conference, he said climate change has moved centre-stage in policy formulation and its ill-effects are visible in the abnormal behaviour of nature in recent times.
the president said citizens of this country have a right to lead a healthy, happy and productive life.
this right appears to have been breached by the distressing pollution levels in our cities.
mitigation of the dangers to environment calls for holistic changes whose permanence can only be ensured if people become active participants.
governors can play a catalysing role in such efforts, mukherjee said in his inaugural address to a two-day conference of governors being held at rashtrapati bhavan.
the pollution in the national capital and in some other cities across the country has deteriorated in recent time, strongly requiring urgent steps to check it.
the president said with 2015 declared as the warmest year ever in recorded history, climate change has moved centre-stage in policy formulation.
its ill-effects are visible in the abnormal behaviour of nature in recent times.
the unprecedented floods that submerged chennai in december last year resulted in untold human suffering and economic loss.
we must make our disaster management systems more scientific and keep them in a state of preparedness to minimise damage and provide relief when natures fury strikes, he said.
twenty-three governors and two lt governors of states and union territories are attending the conference.
finance minister arunjaitley and defence minister manohar parrikar and some other ministers are expected to address the conference.
congress mp anand sharma speaking in rajya sabha during the budget session, in new delhi on wednesday.
(source: pti) congress mp anand sharma speaking in rajya sabha during the budget session, in new delhi on wednesday.
(source: pti)the rajya sabha today took up the four bills related to the gst, with the opposition questioning the governments preparedness to implement the indirect tax regime and urging for a mechanism to insulate taxpayers from harassment by tax authorities.
initiating a debate on the bills, deputy leader of congress anand sharma said, it is important that as you go for implementation, both the centre and the state governments should create an institutional mechanism which protects or insulates the taxpayers from harassment.
he said the government should not create multiple windows of tax harassment, search, seizure and arrests which is already happening.
if it leads to that situation, then surely you will not be helping the economy and the industry nor the consumers, the former union minister said while speaking on the debate on the central gst bill, 2017; the integrated gst bill, 2017; the gst (compensation to states) bill, 2017; and the union territory gst bill, 2017 which were passed by the lok sabha last week.
sharma urged finance minister arunjaitley and the gst council to keep most of the goods, which are used by the common man, at the tax rate of 5 per cent.
he said the government should resist the temptation to bring maximum goods and services under the rate of 18 per cent, cautioning that such a move will be inflationary.
a moderate rate would facilitate compliance, he said.
are we actually going to create an efficient tax structure, reduce the burden of compliance, ensuring that the final gst rate will not be too high?
i have my doubts.
it is because multiple gst rates have been introduced, he said.
he also raised concerns about the governments preparedness to implement the gst in the midst of the financial year, saying there is hardly any time left now as the government is keen to roll out the indirect tax reform from july 1.
he also asked whether the government will subsume all the multiple cesses that have been imposed in the past into the gst, terming these as an additional tax burden.
when we look at the global scenario, the gst rate is below 18 per cent, sharma said.
he said there is no safeguard clause and no proposal on how the government will address inflation arising out of the implementation of the gst.
if the government keeps the service tax at the model gst rate of 18 per cent, it will translate into a 3.
5 per cent increase, which will be hugely inflationary, he said.
sharma said the gst negates the ease of doing business environment as businesses will need to acquire registration in every state they wish to operate in.
he suggested the government to set up a comprehensive registration authority.
he said the harsh provisions related to the recovery of tax should not be implemented during the transition phase of the gst.
sharma also sought to know what will happen to the exemptions given to north east and special category states and the special economic zones.
sharma, while terming the gst as a historic change which will bring about a paradigm shift, targeted the bjp in a veiled manner, saying its passage was delayed during the last seven years due to partisan stand that led to a big loss.
he said the indirect tax reform will help in increasing the gdp in the long run and surely benefit the economy.
however, the congress leader said the list of exclusions is worrisome, referring to petroleum products, diesel, petrol, aviation turbine fuel, real estate and alcohol which have been kept out of the gst.
he questioned how it was an ideal gst when 40 per cent of the revenue base of the gdp was kept out of its ambit.
derek obrien of trinamool congress said, the concept of gst was introduced by the former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee in 2000 in the parliament but people (then) were more familiar with kbc (kaun bangega crorepati).
he said the concept has evolved over the last 17 years and is something we can be proud of.
about the politics over last two decades on the tax reform, he said, in gst, g stands for go.
when in the government, go for it and when in opposition go slow over it.
be it the jdu, sp, bsp, aiadmk or ncp, everybody has done the same thing.
obrien quoted the ministers of the bjp-ruled states like gujarat and madhya pradesh, who had categorically opposed the gst earlier.
attacking the bjp, he said, when the party gives lecture on being a responsible opposition, it is not digestible.
citing an instance, he said parliament was disrupted for 22 days over 2g scam and 423 working hours were lost.
he also talked about various views on whether or not the recommendations made by gst council should come to parliament as some say that in that case you are taking away federal structure because gst council is a council of states.
he said that people still talk about kbc but now it stands for kab banega consensus.
naresh agrawal (sp) asked the government to ensure that the decision on the states claims or issues are not delayed in the gst council.
supporting the gst bills, he said this tax reform should not be passed as money bill and government must give exemption to foodgrains under this law.
b'the income tax department today warned black money holders of prosecution if they tried to pass off such wealth as current income instead of disclosing it in the one-time compliance window.
in its third set of faqs, the i-t department assured full confidentiality of information even from other law enforcement agencies and no enquiry of source of income.
it said the income disclosure scheme (ids)-2016 provides immunity under the i-t act, 1961, wealth-tax act, 1957 and the benami transactions (prohibition) act, 1988.
watch video: whats making newsimmunity from benami transactions (prohibition) act is subject to the condition that the property will be transferred to the declarant (being the person who provided the consideration for the property) latest by september 30, 2017, the i-t department said.
the third set of frequently asked questions (faqs) released by the i-t department covers 11 queries raised by stakeholders regarding the ids.
the information contained in the declaration shall not be shared with any other law enforcement agency.
the information will also not be shared within the income tax department for any investigation in respect of a valid declaration, the faq said.
to a query on whether undisclosed income can be passed on as current income in the return of income to be filed for assessment year 2017-18, the i-t department said declaration of past undisclosed income in the current year amounts to false verification of return of income which shall attract prosecution under the i-t act.
it said that if a taxpayer attempts to declare past undisclosed income in the current year, he will have to explain the source of income and substantiate the manner of earning the said income.
in case of disclosure under the ids, there is no need to explain the source of income, the central board of direct taxes (cbdt) added.
the ids-2016 provides a four month window for domestic black money holders to disclose their assets and come clean by paying 45 per cent tax and penalty.
the compliance window closes on september 30 and tax is to be paid by november 30, 2016.
the i-t department is in receipt of large volume of information from various sources such as registrars of property, banks, financial institutions, stock exchanges, tax deductors etc, according to the faqs.
the department has launched a comprehensive data-mining and compliance management programme which will generate a large volume of information about financial transactions undertaken by taxpayers and the relevant year in which the transaction was undertaken.
the faqs further said that if a house property acquired through ill-gotten wealth has been let-out, the actual rent received or receivable will be required to be declared under the ids in addition to the fair market value of the house property as on june 1, 2016.
it further said credit for tax deducted in respect of income declared under ids shall be allowed only in those cases where the related income is declared under the scheme and the credit for the tax has not already been claimed in the return of income file for any assessment year.
the third set of faqs follows the meeting of finance minister arunjaitley with industry, trade bodies and chartered accountants earlier this week.
in order to make ids a success, the cbdt has been trying to give the scheme wide publicity.
it also launched a youtube advertisement and tv commercial explaining the benefits of the scheme.
b'kundra, former co-owner of rajasthan royals ipl team, had reportedly invested in the virtual currency and profited from it.
(file) kundra, former co-owner of rajasthan royals ipl team, had reportedly invested in the virtual currency and profited from it.
(file)the enforcement directorate on tuesday questioned shilpa shettys husband and businessman raj kundra in connection with the gain bitcoin case where more than 8,000 people were duped to the tune of rs 2,000 crores from across the country.
kundra, former co-owner of rajasthan royals ipl team, had reportedly invested in the virtual currency and profited from it.
kundra is suspected to be involved in money laundering, even though no case has been registered against him.
kundra, who was questioned by officials till late-evening today, said, ed called me as a witness.
theres an amit bhardwaj, whos involved in some scam.
he had purchased poker team from our poker league but didnt make payment so we expelled his team.
ive given my statement.
kundra also said that bhardwaj wanted to pay for the poker team in bitcoin which was not accepted and his team was eventually expelled.
we thought he is a respectable person so we alloted him a team.
his contract was terminated after he failed to make the payments, said kundra while leaving the ed office at around 10pm on tuesday.
in april, the pune police had arrested amit bhardwaj and his brother vivek, the alleged masterminds of the cryptocurrency scam.
the bhardwaj brothers, residents of shahipur village in delhis shalimar bagh area, are the founders and ceos of gain bitcoin, gb minors and gb21 firms through which they lured investors.
read | thane police busts rs 500-crore cryptocurrency racket; one heldthe delhi police said that bhardwaj introduced the first online retail marketplace accepting bitcoin in the country in 2014.
a total of 10 people have been arrested in the case and have been booked under ipc sections 406, 420, 34, provisions of the information technology act and prize chit fund and money schemes (banning) act.
police said that bhardwaj had duped investors in mumbai, pune, nanded, kolhapur and other cities in the state.
read | bitcoin scam: probe spotlight on nanded network of prime accusedbhardwaj had set up an elaborate multi-level marketing (mlm) scam by luring investors to give him bitcoins in return for promised higher returns, police said.
under the scheme, people were asked to invest one bitcoin for a 10 per cent return.
the contract would be valid for 18 months.
bhardwaj also allegedly offered to provide bitcoin mining hardware to the investors.
however, he never gave the returns and fled the country, police said.
during the budget session in march, finance minister arunjaitley clarified that bitcoins or such cryptocurrencies were not legal tenders and those indulging in such transactions were doing it at their own risk.
enforcement directorate enforcement directoratethe ed chief on saturday batted for allowing the agency to independently register and pursue anti-money laundering cases so that its probe is not impacted even if the courts junk the first fir by any other agency.
the ed is in a three-legged race and many courts feel that if the case of the scheduled agency is thrown out, then the ed case automatically fails, enforcement directorate chief karnal singh said and added this should change as the rules of the game are different under the pmla.
his remarks comes in the backdrop of the courts recently discharging the maran brothers (aircel-maxis 2g spectrum case) and arms dealer abhishek verma in separate cbi cases, based on which the ed had registered criminal cases under the prevention of money laundering act (pmla).
the ed can, at present, file a case only on the basis of an fir by agencies like cbi and cannot take up an anti-money laundering investigation independently.
the court had held that as the scheduled offence registered by cbi in aircel-maxis case is no more valid, the ed case too becomes groundless and that nothing survived in it.
the ed has appealed against the order.
calling such developments as bottle necks in its effort to curb the menace of black money and corruption, singh said that the undertsanding of law sometimes creates problems.
he was delivering the inaugural speech at the enforcement day event, where finance minister arunjaitley was the chief guest along with revenue secretary hasmukh adhia.
our legs are tied with the scheduled agency (cbi in these cases).
it is like in sports where we have the three-legged raceour one leg is tied with them (scheduled agency like police or cbi) and many courts feel that the other case fails then the ed case automatically fails.
we have gone (in appeal) to the supreme court in such a case for a decision, the ed director said.
the rules of game are different in predicate offence investigation and the ed investigation, he said.
the ed, sources said, wants legal amendments in the pmla so that it can register criminal cases on its own rather than forming basis of any other agencys fir.
the ed chief listed some points that differentiate pmla from other laws.
whenever there is investigation by police, the statement given before police is not admissible in court while statement given before a directorate (ed) officer is admissible in court.
appreciation of evidence is also different.
these issues have to be resolved with the passage of time, singh said.
talking about eds achievements, the director said the agency has attached, under pmla, assets worth over rs 22,000 crore till now, and half of it has been done in last year alone.
a good number of attachments under anti-money laundering laws came as a result of the eds probe in black money cases which were registered post demonetisation.
prime minister narendra modi had declared demonetisation of two high value currencies of rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination on november 8 last year.
the last financial year was full of challenges for ed be it the case of vijay mallya, agustawestland, bank fraud cases, the demonetisation issuesofficers of the agency performed to their best with their diligence and hardwork, he said.
he said the agency filed 76 charge sheets under pmla last year, while it filed 104 such complaints in the courts this year.
the total cases under trial are 353, he said adding first two convictions under pmla were obtained this year.
singh said cases related to bank frauds, corruption and those related to shell companies are a priority for the agency.
analysis of cases being investigated by ed shows that 27 per cent of total cases are bank frauds or other fraudsand it is the area of concern.
the second area of concern, about 20 per cent of the cases, are related to corruption.
if we see how money is laundered then the most important laundering process is by the shell companies which we can say is done by accommodation entry operators, he said.
he also drew an analogy between money laundering and washing clothes at a dhobi ghaat.
it (money laundering) is like suppose you have to wash your clothesdhobi ghaat only washes them but who uses the clothes?
somebody else.
if any country is prone to money laundering it becomes like a dhobhi ghat, he said.
the people of various countries would come, clean their money and go back and take their money back and we are never benefited out of that, singh said.
he also urged professionals like chartered accountants and others to desist from doing wrong things.
we did some searches (against cas and other professionals)we arrested one ca.
they should have a clear message that they should work for the country and not for the offenders, the director said.
the ed chief added there are certain other bottle necks being faced by it like misunderstanding of legal procedures (by its officials), implementation of law and shortage of manpower.
the agency, he said, is in the process of establishing five more cyber labs in addition to the one it has at its headquarters here, so that digital evidence is quickly retrieved and used for investigation purposes.
our endeavour is to improve professionalism in the ed and i can assure that we will work with utmost sincerity, integrity and professionalism to give results to the country, he said.
with about two months to go for the nhpcs launch, it is disquieting that the government has not yet managed to address them convincingly.
(editorial) with about two months to go for the nhpcs launch, it is disquieting that the government has not yet managed to address them convincingly.
(editorial)finance minister arunjaitley budget speech positioned the national health protection scheme (nhps) as the big idea whose time has come.
he introduced it as the worlds largest health protection plan and said that it would cover 50 crore individuals from nearly 10 crore poor and vulnerable families.
but immediately after the announcement, questions were raised over the capacity of the countrys healthcare system to handle a project of such proportions.
there were also apprehensions that private hospitals would milk the nhps by prescribing unnecessary investigations.
the model tender document for the selection of implementing agencies for the nhps, released by the union ministry of health and family welfare on wednesday, tries to address some of these concerns.
the document states that nearly 47 per cent of the packages under the nhps, including those related to heart ailments and cancer, require pre-authorisation.
in other words, hospitals empanelled under the scheme cannot perform these procedures until they have an authorisation letter from the nhpss implementation support agency.
given that the schemes predecessor, the rashtriya swasthya bima yojana, was riddled with unethical practices such as unnecessary hospitalisation, needless investigations and billing for superfluous and unrelated treatment packages, checks on the empanelled hospitals are well in order.
however, in the absence of protocols for diagnostic tests for beneficiaries of publicly-funded insurance schemes, any authorisation process can only be arbitrary.
more worryingly, there is little in the model document that prevents hospitals from shifting the onus of obtaining the authorisation letter on the critically-ill or their families.
this omission could defeat the nhpss primary objective of improving access of identified families to quality inpatient care and day-care surgeries.
several procedures, including emergency consultation for acute colic, nebulisation for an asthma attack, hypoglycaemia in a diabetic and treatment of dengue without complication, will be covered by the scheme only if the treatment is availed in a government hospital.
such ailments can indeed be taken care of at a primary health centre (phc).
but given that there is one government doctor for more than 1,000 people, one state-run hospital for more than 90,000 people and a 22 per cent shortage of phcs in the country  according to the union ministry of health and family welfare  a seemingly uncomplicated procedure such as nebuliser treatment for asthma most often necessitates a visit to a private healthcare provider.
without timely treatment, a dengue fever can aggravate to a life-threatening disease.
such concerns were raised when the scheme was announced.
with about two months to go for the nhpcs launch, it is disquieting that the government has not yet managed to address them convincingly.
b'delhi cm kejriwal delhi cm kejriwaldelhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on tuesday claimed that the allegations he had made against finance minister arunjaitley in the ddca row were based on true facts and documents in public domain and that his claim he has high public character was frivolous.
responding to a notice issued by the delhi high court on a civil defamation suit by arunjaitley against him and five other aap leaders, kejriwal said in a statement filed before the court registrar that he had made the allegations in public interest to eradicate corruption from sports.
senior advocate h s phoolka, lawyer for kejriwal, said the chief minister has said in a written statement that the allegations are true and have been in public domain for last many years.
the venture (ddca) did not take any steps to challenge these allegations for all this period.
it raises a presumption of truthfulness of these allegations, he claimed.
phoolka told reporters that the allegations are made in public interest to eradicate corruption from the field of sports.
aaps senior leader and party spokesperson, raghav chadha, also filed his response to the notice.
elaborating on the contents of his reply, he claimed that no injury has been caused to the reputation of jaitley.
he maintained that he and the chief minister have a similar stand and said that jaitleys claim that he enjoys a high public character is totally frivolous and unsustainable.
the last time he contested the election to the lok sabha was from amritsar as a bjp candidate in 2014.
despite the success of the bjp, this plaintiff lost by a margin of more than 1,00,000 votes.
indian democracy has never accepted his claim of public character, they said in their reply.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photo finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photomaking a fresh attack on the congress leadership, the bjp on saturday claimed that the upa brass overrode objections raised by its own defence minister over relaxations extended to agustawestland choppers.
addressing the media in new delhi, bjp spokesperson g v l narsimha rao alleged that congress president sonia gandhi overrode objections raised by then defence minister a k antony regarding field trial of the choppers.
referring to the recent verdict of an italian court, rao alleged, sonia gandhi and ahmed patel are in the dock.
they are architects of the scam.
he added that the real size of the scam is bigger than what has come to light so far.
the buck stops with those who took the decision, and the decision was influenced by bribery.
there is a transaction in which (the) bribe-giver is being convicted.
we are only struggling to find out the identity of bribe-takerthose who influenced (the) decision get bribes.
also read | upa must answer who received kickbacks in agusta deal, says manohar parrikarin delhi, rao said, a k antony had questioned the proposal to have the field trial abroad.
this is what the cag report also citesthe defence minister wants rfp (request for proposals) conditions to be imposed.
who in the upa or who in the congress other than sonia gandhi and her adviser ahmed patel, has the authority to override antony (and) his objections?
the only one (leader) who could tell him to keep quiet, who could silence him, was sonia gandhi.
(pti/file)the panama papers featured in the question hour friday as the government said it has issued notices to all those who have been named in reports carried by the indian express.
jaitley explained that section 138 of the income tax act bars the proceedings of a case to be made public till a case is filed in court.
responding to another supplementary, minister of state for finance jayant sinha said the government is looking into the hsbc list as well as the panama papers, and various laws, including the one on black money stashed abroad, are being invoked.
watch videosacting on the panama papers leak, the i-t department has sent a questionnaire to about 50 individuals and entities that figure on the list of those who allegedly have offshore assets in tax havens.
in the questionnaire, the i-t department has sought to know if the person is indeed the same as the one named in the list, which was carried by the indian express.
share this article related article panama papers probe on, action as per law, says arun jaitleypanama papers probe on, action as per law, says arunjaitley panama papers: it department detected rs 19,000 crore black money, says arun jaitleypanama papers: it department detected rs 19,000 crore black money, says arunjaitley action on panama paper names depends on probe's outcome: arun jaitleyaction on panama paper names depends on probe's outcome: arunjaitley those with illegal money to be prosecuted: arunjaitley on panama papersthose with illegal money to be prosecuted: arunjaitley on panama papers give yearwise details of funds sent overseas by indians in panama papers, rbi tells banksgive yearwise details of funds sent overseas by indians in panama papers, rbi tells banks panama papers: arunjaitley warns of sleepless nights for illegal firmsit also seeks to know about vitals of their transactions with law firm mossack fonseca.
this includes the year of incorporation, their source of income, details of business transactions and whether they declared these investments and transactions to the i-t department and other regulatory bodies like the rbi.
there are about 500 indians named in the list, including prominent businessmen, film celebrities and politicians.
the government has created a multi-agency group of probe agencies  the i-t department, its foreign tax wing, the rbi, the financial intelligence unit and the enforcement directorate  to look into the cases.
the panama papers leak brought to light an unprecedented amount of information, including more than 11 million documents covering 2,10,000 companies in 21 offshore jurisdictions.
each transaction spans different jurisdictions and may involve multiple entities and individuals.
sinha also said that the special investigation team on black money has made a series of recommendations on the issue.
b'addressing a three-day krishi unnati mela 2018 here, modi also appealed to farmers not to burn crop residues so as to curb pollution.
(photo: twitter/@pib_india) addressing a three-day krishi unnati mela 2018 here, modi also appealed to farmers not to burn crop residues so as to curb pollution.
(photo: twitter/@pib_india)in an apparent attack on opposition parties, prime minister narendra modi on saturday said confusion is being spread about the budget decision to fix msp for crops, at least 1.
5 times the production cost, and assured farmers that all major costs incurred will be included while declaring the support price.
the centre is already working with state governments to ensure that farmers get the benefit of the declared minimum support price (msp), he said.
addressing a three-day krishi unnati mela 2018 here, modi also appealed to farmers not to burn crop residues so as to curb pollution.
besides, he asked farmers to grow more oilseeds to reduce dependence on import of cooking oil as also to cut urea consumption by at least half by 2022.
in the union budget 2018-19, the government took a decision to ensure right prices to farmers for their produce, he said.
it has decided that for all notified crops, msp will be at least one and a half times the cost, modi said.
many people are spreading confusion and creating atmosphere of despair regarding the governments msp decision, he said while sharing the detail of components to be considered while determining the cost of production for fixing the support price.
the cost of production will include elements such as hired labour, expenses on their own or rented machinery as well as livestock, cost of seeds and fertilisers, expenses on irrigation, revenue being given to state government, interest on working capital, and rent of leased land among others, he said.
it will also include labour put by farmers and their family, he said.
this is an important decision related to income of hardworking farmers.
however, a section of farmers organisations have been demanding the comprehensive cost (c2) that also includes imputed rent and interest on owned land and capital, over and above a2+fl.
after the prime ministers speech today, when contacted, niti aayog member ramesh chand said, what the pm talked about was a2+fl.
he shared the components of the cost.
it is a comprehensive subject and not many people know about it.
the pm tried to explain in detail.
stating that the government is working to strengthen agri-marketing in a big way, modi said the efforts are being made to link rural mandis to apmc wholesale markets to global market to enhance farmers income.
in the recent budget, grameen retail agriculture markets have been envisaged.
22,000 rural haats will be upgraded with necessary infrastructure, and integrated with apmc and the e-nam platform, he said.
farmers can market their produce in a better way through farmers producer organisations (fpos), which has been exempted from income tax, on the lines of cooperative societies, in the budget, he added.
modi, who also launched e-marketing portal for organic products, said this platform is a new chapter in agri-marketing reform.
this will be a huge benefit to farmers.
to reduce input costs, the government has taken various steps like soil health card and neem coating of urea besides completing pending irrigation projects with an outlay of rs 80,000 crore.
stating that the farm sector is facing challenges affecting farmers income, he said, the government is working with a holistic approach to deal with these challenges and is committed to double farmers income by 2022 and making their lives easier.
he pitched for beekeeping, solar farming, organic farming, bamboo cultivation and biowaste management to supplement income and also appealed farmers to stop crop burning by adopting farm machineries.
for the farmers welfare, modi said that the centre has framed many model acts and urged the states to implement them.
government is making all out efforts to ensure that farmers get latest seeds, required electricity, do not face any problem in market access and get right prices for their produce, modi said.
he inaugurated the jaivik kheti (organic farming) portal and laid the foundation stone of 25 kvks (krishi vigyan kendras) taking the total centres to 700 in india.
he also conferred the krishi karman award and pandit deen dayal upadhaya krishi vigyan protsahan puruskar.
more than 800 stalls have been set up by the central and state governments and various other organisations in this fair.
the fair is showcasing ways to enhance farmers income through theme pavilions like micro irrigation, neem-coated urea, soil check/health card, reducing input costs through less use of fertiliser, effectiveness of crop insurance scheme and new dimensions of income generation such as animal husbandry, beekeeping and poultry farming.
vijay mallya had fled the country and sought refuge in the united kingdom, after a lookout notice was issued against him.
(file photo) vijay mallya had fled the country and sought refuge in the united kingdom, after a lookout notice was issued against him.
(file photo)in a major breakthrough for the indian law enforcement authorities, the scotland yard on tuesday arrested absconding liquor baron vijay mallya in london.
he was produced before the westminster magistrates court today and was later granted bail.
the court proceedings, however, will continue in the extradition case.
confirming his arrest, the metropolitan police issued a statement that mallya, 61, was arrested on behalf of the indian authorities in relation to accusations of fraud.
the statement added that he was taken into custody after attending a central london police station.
the ministry of home affairs immediately directed the cbi and ed to apply for his extradition in idbi bank loan fraud case.
soon after his release mallya mocked the indian media for hyping his arrest.
usual indian media hype.
extradition hearing in court started today as expected, he tweeted.
speaking to reporters in india, santosh gangwar, mos finance, asserted that mallya would be brought back to the country.
vijay mallya will be brought back to india, due process of law will be followed, he said.
it was however met with derision by the congress party, which blamed the central government for misleading the people.
after relentless campaign by congress,finally extradition request was submitted by govt in february.
but within 1 hour, vijay mallya got bail.
so the govt should stop misleading the people of india, congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said.
usual indian media hype.
extradition hearing in court started today as expected.
vijay mallya (@thevijaymallya) april 18, 2017mallya is wanted in cases related to several economic offences, including defaulting on bank loans worth crores of rupees.
his now-defunct kingfisher airlines owes over rs 9,000 crore to state-owned and private banks.
earlier, the indian government requested the theresa may government to extradite mallya.
the request came when finance minister arunjaitley met the uk chancellor earlier this year.
on february 21, the uk authorities conveyed to their indian counterparts that the secretary of state had certified their extradition request.
the uk home department on february 21 conveyed that the request of india for extradition of mallya has been certified by the secretary of state and sent to the westminster magistrates court for a district judge to consider the issue of releasing of warrant, external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said.
read | british pm theresa may calls for snap general elections on june 8in the same month, a special court allowed the enforcement directorate to invoke the india-uk mutual legal assistance treaty (mlat) and launch probe in a money laundering case against mallya.
despite its efforts the ed failed to corner mallya.
in the past they had obtained a non-bailable warrant, revoked his passport and, also, unsuccessfully sought an interpol warrant.
subsequently the ed attached his properties worth rs 9,661 crore after he failed to appear before it, despite being issued several summons and asked to join the probe.
the cbi is also investigating mallya under the provisions of the prevention of corruption for allegedly defaulting on loans.
mallya had fled from the country march 2, 2016 and sought refuge in the united kingdom, after a lookout notice was issued against him.
in november 2016, the prevention of money laundering act (pmla) court declared him as an absconder after he ignored several warrants and summons.
in june, he was declared as a proclaimed offender by a special court.
his arrest incidentally comes on the same day british prime minister theresa may called for fresh polls in the country.
police found rs. 10 lakh in banned rs 500 and rs 1000 notes from the vehicle.
(source: file) police found rs. 10 lakh in banned rs 500 and rs 1000 notes from the vehicle.
(source: file)finance minister arunjaitley friday announced that nepal would soon get exchange facilities for the demonetised high-value indian currency notes to ease difficulties faced by nepalese citizens.
jaitley, who was here on a two-day visit to attend the nepal investment summit, said necessary steps have been taken to facilitate the exchange of demonetised currency as per nepals request.
he said nepal rastra bank (nrb) and the reserve bank of india (rbi) would set a modality of exchange soon and settle the related issues.
indian currency is widely used in nepal for day-to-day transactions, especially in the border areas.
also, nepalese citizens working in india send remittances to their families in nepal in higher denomination notes.
nepal, a landlocked country, depends on india for trade and supplies.
watch what else is making newsaccording to the nrb, nearly 33.
6 million indian rupees in rs 1,000 and rs 500 banknotes are currently in the nepali banking channel.
however, it is not known how much such banknotes are in the hands of nepali traders, families of migrant workers and the general public.
earlier, nepals central bank had assured the rbi that it will introduce strong vetting process for those coming to exchange demonetised rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in the country and ensure that the system is not misused.
a two-member rbi team had arrived here on tuesday to hold talks on management of demonetised indian notes possessed by nepali banks and financial institutions as well as the public.
the team held discussions with the officials of the nrb and representatives of commercial banks on a range of technical issues on providing exchange facility for demonetised rs 500 and rs 1,000 indian currency notes in nepal.
the indian government on november 8 banned high-value currency notes as part of its efforts to combat corruption.
finance minister arunjaitley stands outside the north block.
finance minister arunjaitley stands outside the north block.
moving to tackle opacity in collection of funds by political parties, finance minister arunjaitley , in his budget speech, proposed to bring down anonymous or unnamed cash donations by individuals to political parties from the current rs 20,000 to rs 2,000.
in doing so, the finance ministry accepted the recommendation of the election commission (ec) which had proposed to the government to prohibit anonymous contributions above or equal to the amount of rs 2,000.
watch video |budget 2017 interview: keki mistry, vice chairman & ceo, hdfc on affordable housing & morewhile there is no constitutional or statutory prohibition on receipt of anonymous donations by political parties, under section 29c of the representation of the people act, 1951, political parties have to declare all donations above rs 20,000.
once the budget is passed and necessary amendments are carried out in the relevant provisions of law, all political parties will have to mandatorily maintain names and addresses of donors who contribute amounts above rs 2,000.
read: union budget 2017: highlights of arunjaitley budgetjaitley also announced introduction of an electoral bonds scheme, under which donations would be allowed to be made to political parties by purchasing electoral bonds from authorised banks.
he said the government will soon frame a scheme in this regard and an amendment will be carried out in the reserve bank of india act.
in accordance with the suggestion made by the election commission, the maximum amount of cash donation that a political party can receive will be rs 2,000 from one person.
read | union budget 2017: tdp and amaravati area farmers ecstatic over capital gains tax exemptionswatch video | personal tax slabs after budget 2017: how will your tax come down?
applauding the move, which he described as a good beginning, former chief election commissioner s y quraishi told the indian express, it is a positive move and also an acknowledgment that political funding is an issue that needs to be addressed.
as the budget also says, this is the first step and not the final one.
i hope this will be taken to the logical conclusion.
asked what in his opinion was the final step, quraishi said, i feel there should be an electoral fund to which everybody, including corporates, who wish to donate, can donate through cheque or any electronic means and money from this fund can be then distributed among political parties depending upon their performance in elections.
as for other expenses of parties, they should be allowed to accept only cheque or digital payments, nothing anonymous.
but jagdeep s chhokar, founder-trustee of election watchdog association for democratic rights (adr), is not enthused by the announcement.
read | what gets cheaper, what gets expensivewatch video | budget 2017: 5 things you need to understandit wont lead to any transparency in donations.
rather than rs 19,999 as is happening now, political parties will claim that they received majority of donations below rs 2,000.
they should have to disclose source of every paisa.
today, when every small trader is expected to keep record of source of every rupee earned by him, why do we have different rules for political parties?
since the government is focussing so much on digital financial transactions, why cant there be a rule that political parties also receive and make all payments digitally?
i dont understand the logic behind this limit of rs 2,000, chhokar said.
according to data released by adr last week, over 70 per cent of funds received by seven national and 50 regional parties, as per filings to the election commission (ec) between 2004-05 and 2014-15, came from unknown sources.
according to the figures, while the total income of national and regional parties was over rs 11,367 crore, as much as rs 7,832 crore came from unknown sources.
read | how it will impact you-lower tax rates, better travelbetween 2004-15, the congress received the highest amount of over rs 3,982 crore, of which a whopping 83 per cent came from unknown sources.
the ruling bjp received over rs 3,272 crore of which 65 per cent came from unknown sources while the cpm, which got rs 893 crore, had 53 per cent from unknown sources.
the bsp, which declared having collected funds to the tune of rs 764 crore during this period, claimed to have received every rupee from unknown sources.
the sp got rs 766 crore or 94 per cent of the total funds of rs 819 crore from unknown sources.
following the november 8 demonetisation announcement, there has been a clamour for ushering in transparency in the manner in which parties collect funds.
speaking at a rally in kanpur in december, prime minister narendra modi had urged the ec to create pressure on political parties to be more transparent on the donations they receive.
modi said he had asked opposition members ahead of the parliament session to debate on the issue of donations.
after jaitleys announcement wednesday, the congress and cpm said the government should go for partial or full state funding of political parties in elections instead of announcing such moves and playing to the gallery.
congress vice president rahul gandhi said the party would support any move that would cleanse political funding.
his party colleague anand sharma said: if they indeed wanted to carry out a reform in political funding, they should have created a national corpus, an electoral fund.
the government should have, in consultation with the election commission, drawn up a criteria to ascertain which all parties will be national parties on the basis of the votes they get and which all parties will be state parties.
and how much percentage of funds they will get from the national corpus as electoral funding.
the government has the money.
if they wanted to do it honestly, the real electoral reform would have been if they had created a national electoral trust and fund.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said the first step should have been banning of corporate funding of political parties.
if you want to check political funding and the abuse of it and bring in transparency, you should have banned corporate donations to political parties we will fully support a law like corporate social responsibility let every corporate donate a certain percentage call it the democracy fund and let it be managed by the election commission or government of india and start a process of state-funding of elections, he said.
a resolution thanking arunjaitley was passed in the meeting of the standing committee chaired by shiv senas yashodhar phanse.
a resolution thanking arunjaitley was passed in the meeting of the standing committee chaired by shiv senas yashodhar phanse.
the ruling shiv sena in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) today thanked the finance minister arunjaitley and the municipal commissioner ajoy mehta after the economic survey published by finance ministry put the civic body at the top on the count of transparency.
a resolution thanking arunjaitley was passed in the meeting of the standing committee chaired by shiv senas yashodhar phanse.
phanse moved the resolution and trishna vishwas rao, senas group leader in the civic body, seconded it.
trishna vishwas rao later said, this survey has given us the certificate of being the most transparent civic body and this acknowledgement deserved to be reciprocated.
we did this by offering our gratitude (to jaitley) in the house today.
watch: personal tax slabs after budget 2017: how will your tax come down?
she also pointed out that bjp leaders in the city and the state were accusing the bmc of non-transparent functioning.
see how bjps state leaders are now exposed.
on one hand they are accusing us of being non-transparent, while on the other hand their top leaders sitting in delhi are acknowledging our transparency and style of functioning in their own report.
it is now crystal clear that they (local bjp leaders) are trying to malign our partys image, she said.
according to the economic survey published by finance ministry ahead of budget, on the scale of eight, mumbai and hyderabad civic bodies have got the perfect score in transparency, accountability and participation.
chandigarh stood at the bottom (scoring two) among 21 cities.
delhi civic body scored just four, the same as raipur and kolkata.
after resolution thanking arunjaitley was passed, sena councillors met the civic chief mehta and thanked and congratulated him for his work.
b'former telecom minister a raja,whom the draft report of the joint parliamentary committee on the 2g scam has accused of misleading prime minister manmohan singh,on friday hit out directly at the pm,saying all decisions regarding the allotment of spectrum were made in consultation with him.
in interviews (given) after demitting office,i had said i did everything in consultation with the prime minister.
after i was arrested,and then at the court during framing (of) charges,i submitted the same argument.
my stand is very clear notwithstanding the events which took place in the past, raja told reporters at chennai airport.
he said he would send a detailed note to the jpc explaining his position.
i will prove my innocence i do hope that at least after the perusal of my note they will call me.
raja has repeatedly asked the house panel to allow him to depose.
raja also attacked the national auditor  which has put the value of the loss to the exchequer at 1.
76 lakh crore  and the countrys top court,which is monitoring the case.
the entire 2g (probe) is complete lawlessness.
whether it is the cag with due respect to the supreme court,even the supreme court observations are completely violating natural justice.
i do have faith in judiciary,the trial is going on and i will prove my innocence, raja said.
the former ministers party chief m karunanidhi said it was difficult to believe that a minister could mislead the pm.
how can we believe that a minister misled the prime minister?
the dmk chief said.
asked if he had any advice for raja,karunanidhi said,he was a minister of the department i dont have to give him any advice that he does not know justice should be given in the right way.
the opposition mounted a blistering attack on jpc chairman p c chacko.
both the bjp and cpi rejected the draft report and announced they would move dissent notes at the next meeting of the committee.
leader of the opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley accused the congress of using the jpc to subvert the truth.
on the plea that the pm had been misled by raja,he said,a king who chooses to be misled doesnt deserve to be the ruler.
rajas correspondence with the prime minister,jaitley pointed out,made it clear that he and then finance minister p chidambaram had been in the loop on what raja was doing.
its credibility will probably be worse than earlier jpcs.
according to jaitley,a jpc under the late b shankaranand had come out with a fictional report that said that the bribes in the bofors deal were actually winding up charges because middlemen and agents were asked to wind up their business.
the cpis gurudas dasgupta said chacko is acting more like a congressman than the chairman of the panel.
chacko,dasgupta said,was under obligation to save the pm.
chacko sought to downplay the criticism,saying all these allegations were always there and in the past also there were many jpcs which were controversial.
he said he was confident of sorting out differences,so that the report could be adopted on march 25.
i hope my draft is acceptable to majority of the committee, he said.
on not summoning raja,chacko said: i had two rounds of discussion with raja and i told him that the collective decision of the leaders of parliament who drafted the terms of reference for this jpc is to examine its policy,implementation and aberration during the period of 10 years from 1999 to 2008.
there were six telecom ministers during this period,and if we call one minister,we have to call other ministers also since raja was an important person in this case,i suggested to him that he can give us in writing his views.
raja gave a 13-page note which was taken on record and circulated among members.
stating that revenue department acts objectively for carrying out search operations, finance minister arunjaitley wednesday said legitimate action against corruption is not vendetta.
advertisingit has become a routine practice to call any action against corruption as political vendetta.
claim of vendetta has never been a legitimate defence in corruption.
those who commit such large acts of corruption have to be judged on the merits of the action itself, arunjaitley , who is in the us to attend the imf-world bank meetings, wrote in a facebook post.
also read | election commission pulls up revenue department for insolent reply on raidshe said evidence has been found that in karnataka, allocations made for public welfare to the public works department were being round-tripped by engineers for a political purpose, while in madhya pradesh, he alleged, that an institutional mechanism has been created where money meant for development and social welfare of the weaker sections was being channelled into politics.
advertisingin the last six months, at least 15 searches by the income tax department have been carried out against opposition leaders and their associates  five in karnataka, three in tamil nadu, two in andhra pradesh, two in delhi and one each in mp, j&k and up.
during the same period, information available in the public domain shows, searches were conducted at premises linked to one bjp functionary in uttarakhand  the party later distanced itself from the individual.
most recently, the income tax department has carried out searches on premises of aides and relatives of madhya pradesh chief minister kamal nath on charges of suspicious movement of unaccounted money.
the opposition parties, including the congress, have dubbed the raids as politically motivated.
taking note of these searches, the election commission in its letter to revenue department had advised that any action by its enforcement agencies during election time should be neutral and non-discriminatory and officials of the poll panel should be kept in loop about such actions.
the revenue department in its response had said it understood what neutrality meant  and that the panel should advise its own officers to curb use of illicit money and keep tax officers in the loop.
b'the reconstituted committee has modi as chairman while rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arunjaitley , smriti irani, prakash javadekar and sripad yesso naik will be its ex-officio members.
(source: pti)in a politically-significant move, prime minister narendra modi on saturday reconstituted a government committee on commemoration of the 125th birth anniversary of jawaharlal nehru which will be headed by him, replacing his predecessor manmohan singh.
however, it includes some congress leaders  ghulam nabi azad, mallikarjun kharge and karan singh.
but none from the gandhi family finds a place in it.
the first meeting of the national committee to commemorate 125th birth anniversary of indias first prime minister will be held soon after diwali, a pmo statement said.
watch | union minister sripad naik on cm candidate for goa bjpnehrus 125th birth anniversary falls on november 14 this year.
the reconstituted committee has modi as chairman while home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, finance minister arunjaitley , hrd minister smriti irani, i&b minister prakash javadekar and culture minister sripad yesso naik will be its ex-officio members.
azad, leader of the opposition in rajya sabha, and kharge, leader of congress in lok sabha, will be members, along with madhya pradesh governor ram naresh yadav, former sikkim governor b p singh, former foreign secretary m k rasgotra and former lok sabha secretary general subhash kashyap.
senior congress leader karan singh and suman dubey, considered close to nehru-gandhi family, are also members of the committee along with former cabinet secretary naresh chandra.
senior journalists rajat sharma, swapan dasgupta and m j. akbar have also been made its members.
the committee was set up during the previous upa government and was headed by manmohan singh.
watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionsits members were congress president sonia gandhi, the then defence minister a k antony, the then finance minister p. chidambaram, the then law minister kapil sibal besides a number of scholars and academicians of repute from various institutions.
the committee was set up to ensure that the anniversary is celebrated in a befitting manner as a tribute to the great leader and an architect of modern india.
himachal pradesh chief minister virbhadra singh.
(source: file/pti) himachal pradesh chief minister virbhadra singh.
(source: file/pti)dharamshala, the district headquarters of kangra, the biggest and a politically important district, was thursday declared the second capital of himachal pradesh.
the move is being seen by some as a masterstroke by cm virbhadra singh as the state will go to the polls this year-end.
just a day before bjp holds its tridev sammelan  a conference of the booth level to be addressed by finance minister arunjaitley , virbhadra made a formal announcement in this regard thursday, after consultations with ministers and party leaders in dharamshala where he is camping as part of his winter sojourn.
he said, dharamshala has had a significance and history of its own and fully deserves to be the second capital of the state.
people of these areas would benefit from this special status as they would not have to travel long distances for official work, he added.
he said dharamshala was home to tibetan spiritual leader dalai lama and attracted people from across the world.
b'digvijay singh digvijay singhon saturday, when congress general secretary digvijaya singh appeared before a bhopal court in connection with an alleged recruitment scam during his tenure as the madhya pradesh chief minister between 1993 and 2003, he had decided not to approach the high court for bail.
while his lawyers tried to persuade him, singh told them he would go to jail.
that was averted, however, as the court, which had issued a non-bailable arrest warrant against him on friday, granted bail on its own.
but had that not happened, singh would have spent his birthday, february 28, in jail.
his lawyer, senior advocate vivek tankha, ensured he got to celebrate the occasion with his family.
fbs bengal cornerit is supposed to be unrelated to the impending assembly elections in west bengal, but questions are bound to be raised, as facebook organises a unique essay competition, bengal write ahead, which got under way on saturday.
the foundation was apparently laid during trinamool congress mp derek obriens meeting with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg.
as part of the competition, 500-word write-ups can be submitted in bengali and english, 10 of which will be awarded rs 10,000 and 50 published in a compendium brought out by rupa publications.
touching gestureunion parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu recently held a public reception for the newly married son and daughter-in-law of parliamentary affairs secretary afzal amanullah.
naidu could not attend the wedding in kolkata, and invited around 60 people for the reception held at his residence.
among the invitees were his ministerial colleagues rajnath singh, arunjaitley , ravi shankar prasad and najma heptulla.
naidu even made the couple garland each other with a garland made of cardamoms.
amanullah was touched by the gesture, and officials say no cabinet minister has ever done something like this for an officer.
in the darkrailways minister suresh prabhus rail budget has taken even many bureaucrats in rail bhawan by surprise.
a day after the budget, officials were seen either asking around and wondering about the various new budget initiatives related to their directorates.
turns out that the officials, who will ultimately implement some of the initiatives, had a sense of disconnect  many said they had no clue about them, and are at a loss.
they are now awaiting instructions on how to go about implementing them.
pm modi paid tributes to e ahamed on wednesday.
(source: ani photo) pm modi paid tributes to e ahamed on wednesday.
(source: ani photo)prime minister narendra modi on wednesday visited former union minister and indian union muslim league (iuml) mp from kerala e ahameds residence and offered tributes.
modi took to twitter to condole his demise.
pm modi said ahameds efforts for the empowerment of the muslim community will be remembered.
watch video | former union minister mp e ahamed passes awaymodi tweeted: saddened by the demise of mr. e ahamed, a veteran political leader who served the nation with great diligence.
my condolences.
saddened by the demise of mr. e ahamed, a veteran political leader who served the nation with great diligence.
my condolences.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 1, 2017he further tweeted, mr. e ahamed devoted significant efforts towards keralas progress.
his role in deepening indias ties with west asia was notable.
mr. e ahamed devoted significant efforts towards keralas progress.
his role in deepening indias ties with west asia was notable.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 1, 2017the continuous efforts of mr. e ahamed for the empowerment of the muslim community will be remembered, the prime minister said in his tweet.
the continuous efforts of mr. e ahamed for the empowerment of the muslim community will be remembered.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 1, 2017finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday also took to twitter to condole ahameds death and said, condolences on the sad demise of mr. e ahamed, a veteran parliamentarian & former union minister.
may the departed soul rest in peace.
ahamed, 78, had collapsed in parliament tuesday and suffered a cardiac arrest.
he died at 2:15 am wednesday at rml hospital where he was put on artificial life support.
the mortal remains of ahamed was brought to his residence for the public to pay homage, post which his remains will be flown to kannur, his hometown.
ahamed had served as minister of state for external affairs in the previous upa government.
subramanian swamy at his residence in new delhi.
(source: express photo by renuka puri/file) subramanian swamy at his residence in new delhi.
(source: express photo by renuka puri/file)the bjp leadership is said to be upset over its mp subramanian swamys open attacks on finance minister arunjaitley and top bureaucrats and has taken a serious view of the matter.
party sources said there was concern in the organisation and the leadership over the unbridled criticism aimed at the finance ministry and todays threat of a bloodbath over being asked to be discipline.
sources indicated the party was not in a hurry to act against swamy, a rajya sabha member, and would adopt a wait- and-watch attitude for some time.
watch video: whats making newsa senior bjp leader sought to dispel the impression that swamy, who is said to enjoy the support of rss, has the backing of the sangh parivar fountainhead claiming rss would not support such an open attack that harms the governments and partys image.
swamy on friday lashed out at arunjaitley without naming him, in an apparent reaction to the minister urging him to exercise restraint and discipline in the wake of his attacks on governments chief economic adviser arvind subramanian and economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das.
people giving me unasked for advice of discipline and restraint dont realise that if i disregard discipline there would be a bloodbath, he tweeted in an obvious attack on jaitley.
bjp should direct our ministers to wear traditional and modernised indian clothes while abroad.
in coat and tie, they look like waiters, swamy said in another tweet.
b'he wants to focus back on research and understanding a world which has changed considerably in the last four years, rajan said, dismissing notions of joining politics.
file photo/agencies he wants to focus back on research and understanding a world which has changed considerably in the last four years, rajan said, dismissing notions of joining politics.
file photo/agenciesoutgoing governor raghuram rajan today said he would like to leave a clean slate for his successor at the reserve bank so that the person does not have to deal with any legacy issues on taking charge.
on his return to the academic world when his term comes to a close on september 4, he wants to focus back on research and understanding a world which has changed considerably in the last four years, rajan said, dismissing notions of joining politics.
the hope is to leave no legacy issues for the next governor so that they start with (a clean state) broadlyall problems are dealt with, rajan told journalists from wire agencies in a post-policy interaction here.
he, however, refrained from giving any advice to the successor, reserving it for a private conversation.
the government is yet to name the new governor.
the call on the successor will be taken by finance minister arunjaitley and prime minister narendra modi soon.
there is intense speculation on who will succeed and people whose names are being discussed include former deputy governor subir gokarn, sbi chairman arundhati bhatacharya and niti aayog vice-chairman arvind pangariya, among others.
in the morning, rajan said he wants to completely utilise the remaining 28 days in office and intends to introduce measures like peer to peer lending guidelines and measures to deepen the corporate bond market.
rajan, 53, surprised all by reluctantly opting out of being considered for a second term on june 18 through an open letter to the rbi staff.
he announced a return to the academic world, to the university of chicago where he served as a professor of economics at the booth school of business.
watch video: whats making newshe has been on leave from the school for over four years now, first when he was appointed the chief economic advisor in the previous government which was followed up with the three-year stint as the governor.
this makes rajan the only governor not to serve a five-year term since 1991.
the only other one to be denied being bimal jalan.
my immediate objective is to start thinking about research once again.
start understanding the world we are in which has changed quite a bit, rajan said.
rajan reiterated that he will continue to engage with opportunities that make him come to the country, saying there are various possibilities of that.
he, however, said politics is not among those, saying his wife is completely against a switch to him becoming a political neta.
on the political front, even if i was any good at it, my wife has completely taken away any possibility that i will do that.
so right now, the answer is no.
i think many of you are married and know precisely how that works, he said to peels of laughter from reporters.
b'while progress on the goods and services tax (gst) bill remains deadlocked, the government and congress have struck a compromise on the campa bill, the other pending contentious legislation, paving the way for its passage over the next few days.
the centre has agreed to explicitly include the provisions of a proposed congress amendment in the rules of the legislation, which had been holding up the passage of the legislation in the rajya sabha.
rules stipulate how a law will be implemented.
the campa bill seeks to create a compensatory afforestation management and planning authority (campa) and a compensatory afforestation fund (caf).
jairam ramesh, fra, the authority is supposed to manage the funds collected as compensation for diversion of forest land for setting up industries, factories or infrastructure projects.
watch video: whats making newsthe bill was passed by the lok sabha in the last session, but hit a roadblock in the rajya sabha because of the amendment, that was moved by former environment minister jairam ramesh.
the amendment sought to include a provision saying that the land for compensatory afforestation would be selected only after ensuring that no forest-dweller or tribal had staked ownership claim over it under the provisions of the forest rights act (fra).
the proposed amendment, therefore, said that a certificate from the gram sabha of the area to this effect must be mandatory before compensatory afforestation could be undertaken.
the congress had alleged that the provisions of campa bill, without the safeguard, were an attempt to dilute the fra, which empowers forest dwellers and tribals by giving them ownership rights over forest land they live or depend on for their livelihood.
the government had claimed that the amendment was not necessary, with previous environment minister prakash javadekar saying the fra was as much a law as campa would become, and it would be implemented in any case.
today, congress leaders jairam ramesh, digvijaya singh and laxman shantaram naik met finance minister arunjaitley and environment minister anil madhav dave in jaitleys room in parliament house to resolve the issue.
the finance minister has assured us that fra concerns would be reflected explicitly in the rules of the law.
the minister (environment minister dave) has also agreed to give an assurance to this effect on the floor of the house, ramesh told the indian express.
ramesh said while his party would be ready to support the bill on this assurance, incorporating the amendment in the law would have been a much better proposition.
he said he would move the amendment in any case.
incidentally, the agreement came on a day congress president sonia gandhi accused the government of snatching the right of forest dwellers.
the modi government has snatched away the rights of adivasis, dalits and other traditional forest dwellers, and systematically weakened environmental laws, she said addressing the congress parliamentary party meeting.
b'shivaji gajar (40), a marginal farmer, in his farm in gundewadi village of jalna district on monday afternoon.
his cotton crop, like that of hundreds of farmers in jlana, has withered away due to lack of rains in the district.
express photo by santosh musale shivaji gajar (40), a marginal farmer, in his farm in gundewadi village of jalna district on monday afternoon.
his cotton crop, like that of hundreds of farmers in jlana, has withered away due to lack of rains in the district.
express photo by santosh musaleeven as finance minister arunjaitley described his budget as rural centric, it came as no relief to distressed farmers in rural parts of drought-hit marathwada region which till, monday evening, reported as many as 168 deaths since january, this year.
last year, eight districts comprising marathwada region had reported as many as 1,130 suicides  described as the highest in last 10 years.
in january, after the indian express had reported about suicides by 89 farmers, the bombay high court had sought details of the deaths from the state government while expressing its shock at the unabated suicides in marathwada region.
while in january 89 farmers had died in february, government officials 79 farmers embraced death due to rising debts and crop failure.
of the 168 deaths since january, beed and nanded reported the highest suicide figure of 26, followed by jalna where 24 farmers ended their lives in the past two months.
villagers in jalna, which like other seven districts in marathwada, seemed upset that the finance minister made no mention of unabated suicidies by distressed farmers in marathwada.
some of the farmers, spoke to, said they were expecting that the union budget would make some announcement regarding loan waiver of farmers, but nothing of that sort was heard.
did he say anything about our farmers loans ?
did he say anything about our mounting debts?
if he had so, i have not heard neither have scores of farmers in our village, said shivaji gajar (40), marginal cotton farmer in gundewadi village of jalna district.
gajar, who has debts to the tune of rs two lakh, said,i am not the lone farmers who is burdened with debts.
like me, there are at least 400 farmers in our village of gundewadi who have taken loans from banks and money-lenders and are now not in a position to repay.
because of our inability to repay, interest goes on piling up and there is constant pestering by banks and money-lenders for repaying the loan, he said.
gajar said if the budget had announced waiver of loans, it would have been a great relief to farmers and would have helped in reducing the constant saga of suicides.
another farmer sopanrao budhwant from ranmala village, which is about 70 km from gundewadi, said the governments crop insurance scheme was more of a reactive one.
the government could help farmers in a more pro-active by helping them with financial assistance for buying seeds and other paraphrenalia for carrying out farming.
it is because farmers do not have money, they are forced to borrow from banks and money-lenders at hefty interest rate which goes on piling after they fail to repay, he said.
a view echoed by several farmers.
jalna relies on water from jayakwadi dam located at paithan in aurangabad district, about 70 km away.
the dam, which supplies itself has limited stock.
budhwant said in jalna, cotton farming is major crop which has withered away on acres and acres of land due to current water crisis.
when there is no water for drinking purpose, how can we expect water for agriculture purpose ?
, asked gajar.
jaitley said exceptions to the rule would be for currency kept for purposes of research, or for historical study.
jaitley said exceptions to the rule would be for currency kept for purposes of research, or for historical study.
the lok sabha on tuesday passed a bill that ends the rbi and the governments liability on currencies demonetised on november 8 last year.
it makes holding, transferring and receiving scrapped rs 500 and rs 1,000 a criminal offence.
the specified bank notes cessation of liabilities bill, which will replace an ordinance, was passed after a long discussion.
opposition parties raised issues of legality behind the decision to demonetise, and stressed upon the hardships faced by people.
brushing aside legal concerns, finance minister arunjaitley quoted laws that provided legal cover for such an action and reiterated that the move will benefit the country in the long run.
no economy in the world survives with ceased currency in circulation.
it would create anarchy with a parallel economyno country allows it.
so only legal tender can be allowed to be kept, he said.
jaitley said exceptions to the rule would be for currency kept for purposes of research, or for historical study.
so if the government decides that certain currency is not legal tender, it will prevail over section 26(1).
jaitley also rebutted congress mp shashi tharoors contention that no law allows a government to prevent its citizens from withdrawing their own money from their bank accounts.
jaitley said orders setting limits on withdrawal have been issued dozens of times by rbi in case of banks facing severely poor financial health.
the bill, to replace the ordinance promulgated on december 30 last year, also provides for a minimum fine of rs 50,000 for false declaration by people who were abroad during the demonetisation period (november 9-december 30, 2016) and given time to deposit the scrapped notes with rbi till march 31.
farmers do not have black money.
they have nothing to worry.
they are not taxed, and they wont be taxed, he said.
this (demonetisation) decision needed a lot of courage and broad shoulders, he said, wondering why such a decision was not taken in the last 70 years.
he also dared the congress, which has been attacking the governments demonetisation decision, to list out any single step which its government took to curb the black money in the 10 years till 2014.
jaitley, hasmukh adhia at the gst council meeting in new delhi on sunday.
pti photo arunjaitley , hasmukh adhia at the gst council meeting in new delhi on sunday.
pti photothe goods and services tax (gst) council sunday revised downward tax rates for 66 items including movie tickets of rs 100 and below, incense sticks, insulin, school bags, computer printers  133 items were considered for review at the sixteenth meeting of the council.
relief was also given to small and medium enterprises, with the threshold for composition scheme raised to rs 75 lakh from the earlier decided level of rs 50 lakh.
the composition scheme, with a flat 1 per cent tax rate for traders, 2 per cent for manufacturers and 5 per cent for restaurants with a cut-off of annual turnover of up to rs 50 lakh, provides for a simpler method of calculating tax liability for registered dealers with turnover below the compounding cut-off to reduce the administration cost associated with collection of tax from small traders.
however, those who opt for the scheme will not be eligible for input tax credit.
the objective was to maintain equivalence to the existing taxation level and, in some cases, the fitment committees recommendation went beyond the equivalence principle.
because some items have been historically charged at a higher rate but today, in the changed economic concept, the burden requires to be reduced.
so, after considering the recommendations, the gst council has reduced the tax levels in 66 out of 133 cases, he said.
there were two objectives behind this.
one, we tried to maintain revenue neutrality to the extent possible because this can also mean some loss of revenue but it eases the burden on smes and small traders, restaurants.
and it also reduces the burden on these three categories because these are mass job creators.
so that is why, after detailed discussions, this (threshold for composition scheme) was increased to rs 75 lakh, he said.
on the targeted date for gst rollout, officials said july 1 date stays.
west bengal finance minister amit mitra said: july 1 looks extremely difficult.
but you cannot be doing jugaad for the worlds largest fiscal reform called gst.
small businesses have to fill up spreadsheets which then has to go through a software process to get uplinked so let us be sure, mahabharat ashuddh nahi ho jayega if you postpone by one month or so.
the tax rate on certain packaged food items like pickles, mustard sauce, murabba, ketchup has been reduced to 12 per cent from the earlier decided 18 per cent, while that on cashew nuts has been cut to 5 per cent from 12 per cent.
the gst rate for entertainment has been split into two categories, with movie tickets below rs 100 now proposed to be taxed at 18 per cent, while those above will continue to be taxed at 28 per cent.
the council also exempted childrens picture, drawing books from 12 per cent proposed earlier, while lowering that for computer printers to 18 per cent from 28 per cent.
school bags will attract tax of 18 per cent as against 28 per cent proposed earlier.
tax rate on kajal has been lowered to 18 per cent from 28 per cent.
the gst rate on cutlery has been reduced to 12 per cent from 18 per cent, while that for some tractor components, plastic beads and plastic tarpaulins has been cut to 18 per cent from 28 per cent.
also, the tax rate for job work for textiles, diamond processing, leather, jewellery and printing was reduced to 5 per cent from 18 per cent.
these are items where job workers typically take the work home, and work on textile or diamond processing or jewellery work.
the draft rules for accounts and records were also approved at the meeting.
the approved version of the rule has done away with the need for a registered person to provide, on demand, account of the audit trail and interlinkages including source document, record layout and explanation for codes used and total number of records in each field along with sample copies of documents as was proposed earlier.
b'finance minister arun jaitley.
(file/pti photo) finance minister arun jaitley.
he also asserted that the probe is being done in a very impartial way and rejected demands from congress and aam aadmi party (aap) that he should recuse himself from the matter.
he was talking to reporters at a media interaction organised by state bjp at the press club here.
on a question on impartiality on the probe, the union minister said, it is very impartial, and a multi-agency probe is going on.
when the details will come out, congress will not have many reasons to celebrate.
video: how mossack fonseca helped stash away billions of dollarscongress and aap have targeted arunjaitley on the panama papers issue and have demanded a judicial probe into the allegations about some indians setting up offshore entities in a tax haven and asking him to recuse from dealing with the matter, saying a fair probe was otherwise not possible as arunjaitley was close to a person named in the leaks.
b'ysr congress party members protest for special status to andhra pradesh at parliament house during the ongoing monsoon session in new delhi on friday.
(source: pti) ysr congress party members protest for special status to andhra pradesh at parliament house during the ongoing monsoon session in new delhi on friday.
(source: pti)against the backdrop of daily protests by ysr congress members in lok sabha over special status for andhra pradesh, congress on monday sought an assurance by prime minister narendra modi on the issue, which was rejected by the speaker.
on the sixth consecutive day, members of ysr congress trooped into the well raising slogans demanding special category status for andhra pradesh following the carving out of telangana state.
holding placards, they defied the speaker who continuously urged them to return to their seats and not display the banners.
as the house was taking up question hour, congress leader mallikarjun kharge said the ysr congress members are routinely raising the issue, thus disrupting the proceedings.
speaker sumitra mahajan agreed and said she too has been urging them to return to their seats as they are blocking the view of other members.
when kharge said the prime minister should come to the house and assure the agitating members as his predecessor manmohan singh had assured special category status for andhra pradesh.
but the speaker rejected the demand saying every now and then calling the prime minister was not necessary as finance minister arunjaitley has already made a statement on the issue.
since last monday, ysr congress members have been entering the well daily with placards and raising slogans demanding special status for their state.
in the first two days, members of tdp, an ally of the ruling nda too, were participating in the protest by holding placards and raising slogans from the aisles.
but thereafter, they stopped participating in the protest.
b'p vijayan.
p vijayan.
the results for assembly elections in the five states which went to polls recently were announced on thursday.
the bjp swept to power in assam winning 86 seats along with its alliance partner agp, ending a 15-year rule of the congress.
election results 2016: editors analyse how the parties faredin west bengal, mamata banerjee led trinamool congress returned to power with yet another landslide victory with 211 seats, an increase of 27 seats it won in the last elections.
read | kerala cm oommen chandy submits resignation to governorj jayalalithaa scripted history by winning consecutive elections in decades.
the left democratic front in kerala came back to power as the ruling udf was reduced to 47 seats.
in puducherry, the dmk-congress alliance won 17 seats.
read | bjps sarbananda sonwal to be sworn in as assam cm on may 24here are the highlights on developments a day after the election results:7:34 pm: guwahati: assam cm tarun gogoi reaches governor house to submit his resignation7:26 pm: what answers do they have on the rs 570 crore that was seized by them (ec) during raids?
dmk chief karunanidhi.
7:23 pm: i will hold a protest if the elections in the two constituencies (aravakurichi and thanjavur) is further postponed: dmk chief karunanidhi7:20 pm: ec has become a slave to the ruling party and is acting at the behest of jayalalithaa: dmk chief karunanidhi.
6:08 pm: we are not saying national leadership is not responsible, says congress spokesman p c chacko on partys poll debacle in five states.
6:00 pm: jayalalithaa elected aiadmk legislature party leader.
5:55 pm: mamata ji is more close to the ideology of congress than she is to the ideology of bjp: digvijaya singh, congress5:10 pm: no chance for surgery in cong,now they must go fr post mortem to ascertain the reasons for their loss: mahesh sharma4:48 pm: bjp used to make corruption allegations against himanta biswa sarma & now they have inducted him into party: d singh4:30 pm: cpi(m) veteran v s achutanandan is fidel castro of kerala, will continue to guide and inspire the party: yechury.
3:40 pm: assam cm tarun gogoi to submit his resignation to assam governor pb acharya today evening.
2:30 pm: assembly results on expected lines; will work closely with five elected governments for welfare of people: finance minister arun jaitley.
01.
50 pm: mamata banerjee unanimously elected leader of tmc legislative party.
12.
55 pm: new bjp-led government in assam will be sworn in on may 24 in the presence of pm narendra modi, bjps chief ministerial candidate sarbananda sonwal said on friday.
the oath-taking ceremony will be held in guwahati.
12.
40 pm: cpim central leadership has informed vs achuthanandan that p vijayan will be the next cm of kerala: sources12.
20 pm: vs achuthanandan leaves from the cpim state committee meeting, meeting still underway.
12.
15 pm:cpim state committee meeting underway in trivandrum; vs achutanandan, sitaram yechury & prakash karat present.
pic.
twitter.com/smufb0ivvf  ani (@ani_news) may 20, 201611.
00 am: kerala chief minister oommen chandy hands over resignation letter to governor p sathasivam.
up chief minister yogi adityanath.
(pti photo) up chief minister yogi adityanath.
(pti photo)wont touch abattoirs with licence, says up cm yogi adityanathfollowing the uttar pradesh governments crackdown on illegal slaughterhouses and meat shops in the state, chief minister yogi adityanath on saturday said that abattoirs in the state that had a licence and were following standards set by the national green tribunal (ngt) had nothing to fear.
the government will not touch those (abattoirs) which are operating as per the provisions of the law and have a valid licence.
but those which are violating the orders of the ngt, creating pollution and playing with the health of the public all those slaughterhouses would be shut down.
we have started working on it, adityanath said on his first visit to gorakhpur after becoming chief minister.
read morejaitley vs kejriwal: lawyers fight it out as delhi court frames notices against cm, five other aap leadersdelhi chief minister delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal .
(file photo)a delhi court on saturday framed notices against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, and five other aam aadmi party (aap) leaders including kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh, raghav chadha and deepak bajpai, in a criminal defamation case filed by union finance minister arun jaitley.
this was done amidst scenes of lawyers raising their voices at one another, and aap leaders alleging death threats.
read moreal-qaeda leader qari yasin killed in afghanistan airstrike: pentagona us counterterrorism airstrike earlier this month in afghanistan killed an al-qaida leader responsible for a deadly hotel attack in islamabad in 2008 and the 2009 attack on a bus carrying the sri lankan cricket team, the pentagon said saturday.
confirming his death, us officials said yasin was a senior terrorist figure from balochistan, pakistan and had ties to the group tehrik-e taliban.
he had plotted multiple al-qaeda terror attacks.
the airstrike that led to his death was conducted march 19 in paktika province, afghanistan.
read morebangladesh blast: at least three killed, 25 injured as troops raid militants hideouttwo civilians and a policeman were killed in explosions as troops raided a suspected military hideout in east bangladesh, according to the police.
golam kibria, a senior police official in sylhet city, said that 25 people were also wounded in the explosions that took place saturday evening on a road near an islamic religious school.
paramilitary troops have since friday been engaged in an operation to flush out a group of islamist radicals holed up in a nearby building with a large cache of ammunition.
read moreravindra gaikwad reaches osmanabad, shiv sena continues to back himshiv sena mp ravindra gaikwad who attacked an air india staffer (express photo by renuka puri) shiv sena mp ravindra gaikwad who attacked an air india staffer (express photo by renuka puri)amidst flak for assaulting an air india official, shiv sena mp ravindra gaikwad reached his constituency osmanabad on saturday, with his party continuing to back him.
it is inappropriate on the part of airlines to blacklist the mp.
the behavior of the mp will be evaluated by the parliamentary ethics committee.
if he has done wrong he will be punished.
however, the behavior of airlines is dictatorial, sanjay raut, shiv sena rajya sabha mp said.
shiv sena party chief uddhav thackeray however chose to maintain silence on the whole issue, not responding to questions from reporters during a function in mumbai.
b'the government is thinking of breaking tradition and doing away with the recess of three weeks during the budget session in view of five coming state elections in quick succession.
the assembly polls in tamil nadu, assam, kerala, west bengal and puducherry are likely to be held between april and may.
the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs (ccps), headed by home minister rajnath singh, is set to meet on february 4 to take a final call on the schedule for the session.
the budget session, normally, begins in the third or fourth week of february.
this year, the session is expected to begin on february 23.
the railway budget is likely to be presented on february 25 and finance minister arunjaitley will present the union budget on february 29.
while the session normally concludes in late april or early may, the recess is meant to enable department-related standing committees to examine demands for grants of ministries.
according to sources, the government this year is considering a proposal to have this session without any break to allow mps to concentrate on the elections.
the government has also, formally, started consulting opposition parties over the matter.
sources added that an ongoing parliament session during the poll process might prevent mps, including pm and ministers, from sparing time for the campaign.
speaking about the proposal, subhash kashyap, former secretary general of lok sabha said, as such there is nothing technically wrong in doing away with the tradition of a recess period.
before 1989, the budget session had no recess.
the standing committees were introduced in 1989, so the break in budget session came only after that.
b'treasury secretary steven mnuchin, right, shake hands with finance minister of india arunjaitley before a bilateral meeting during the world bank/imf spring meetings in washington, saturday, april 22, 2017.
( ap photo/jose luis magana) treasury secretary steven mnuchin, right, shake hands with finance minister of india arunjaitley before a bilateral meeting during the world bank/imf spring meetings in washington, saturday, april 22, 2017.
( ap photo/jose luis magana)finance minister arunjaitley has raised the issue of tightening of the h-1b visa regime with his us counterpart steven mnuchin during their first meeting and highlighted the contribution of indian companies and professionals to the american economy.
this was the second time arunjaitley raised the h-1b visa issue with the american side during his visit here to attend the annual spring meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank.
he had also raised the issue with us commerce secretary wilbur ross earlier.
during their meeting yesterday, arunjaitley and mnuchin discussed a wide range of bilateral issues, in addition to the international cooperation against terror financing.
jaitley highlighted the notable progress made in the indo-us relations over the last few years and indias ambitious reform agenda which was creating new opportunities towards a deeper economic engagement between the two countries, a finance ministry statement said.
critical economic issues like indo-us investment initiative, infrastructure collaboration and niif (national investment and infrastructure fund), collaboration with the us for smart cities development were deliberated upon during the meeting, it said.
jaitley raised the issue of h-1b visas for skilled professionals from india and highlighted the contribution which indian companies and professionals are making to the us economy, the statement said.
president donald trump last week signed an executive order for tightening the rules of the h-1b visa programme to stop its abuse and ensure that the visas are given to the most-skilled or highest paid petitioners, a decision that would impact indias usd 150 billion it industry.
the indian it industry expressed serious concerns over this as these visas were mainly used by domestic it professionals for short-term work in america.
the h-1b is a non-immigrant visa that allows us companies to employ foreign workers in speciality occupations that require theoretical or technical expertise in specialised fields.
indian technology companies depend on it to hire tens of thousands of employees each year for their us operations.
the us market accounts for about 60 per cent of the revenue of the indian it industry.
reforming the h-1b visa system was one of the major election promises of trump.
as per several us reports, a majority of the h-1b visas every year are grabbed by indian it professionals.
india accounts for the highest pool of qualified it professionals, whose services go a long way in making american companies globally competitive.
last month, nasscom president r chandrashekhar had said that the indian it industry actually contributes immensely to the us economy in terms of jobs that are created in america, both directly and indirectly.
close to half a million jobs have been supported in the us as of 2015.
the number of jobs have also been growing at 10 per cent per year as against a two per cent growth in the rest of the job market, he had said.
issues related to terror funding were also discussed during jaitleys meeting with the us treasury secretary, who appreciated indias role, including the indo-us cooperation in financial action task force.
jaitley also held bilateral meetings with the finance ministers of sweden, france and bangladesh.
the discussions covered a wide spectrum of bilateral collaboration to strengthen the cross-country relationships.
he also held a bilateral meeting with world bank group president jim yong kim among others.
meanwhile, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das held bilateral meetings with new development bank (ndb) president k v kamath and international fund for agricultural development (ifad) president gilbert f houngbo separately.
various policy issues regarding ndb and ifad were discussed during the meeting.
jaitley, currently on a us trip, is accompanied by rbi governor urjit patel, das and chief economic adviser arvind subramanian among other officials.
sasikala (illustration by manali ghosh) sasikala (illustration by manali ghosh)amma has shrunk a bit for chinnamma.
in the past, aiadmk mps have often been seen in parliament with a photograph of j jayalalithaa in the transparent pocket of their white shirts.
on thursday, a couple of party mps were seen carrying a different photograph  of both jayalalithaa and v k sasikala.
the times seem to be changing for the aiadmk.
seeing redwhile replying to the budget discussion, finance minister arunjaitley shot back when cpi(m) mp mohammad salim tried to make a remark on cashless economy.
nowhere in the world, (a) marxist would talk about virtues of cash.
only in india, you hear it, he said.
earlier this week, arunjaitley hit back at salims party colleague p karunakaran too.
mr karunakaran, the trouble with the marxists is that they think that the poor people will vote for them, and therefore india must remain in poverty.
the problem with you marxists is that you want to celebrate poverty, he told him.
watch video | all eyes on tn governor after sasikala & panneerselvam hold talks at raj bhawanmission afghanistanwhen it comes to afghanistan, india does not want to be kept out of the loop.
so, as russia is organising a conference on afghanistan on february 15, new delhi is going to send a team of senior officials to participate.
the indian delegation will be led by joint secretary (pakistan, afghanistan and iran) in the mea, gopal baglay.
what has got delhi worried is that the initiative is a trilateral effort by russia-pakistan-afghanistan, and nsa ajit k doval was invited by moscow during his visit.
house disorderwith members repeatedly raising points of order and tempers fraying, the rajya sabha was adjourned twice in less than an hour and question hour could not be taken up in the pre-noon period on thursday.
leader of the house arunjaitley was the first to raise a point of order when sitaram yechury took up his notice for motion under rule 267, against the prime ministers speech in the house.
jaitley said the right to reply under rule 18 does not include the right to rejoinder.
deputy leader of congress anand sharma then raised a point of order under rule 238.
bjp mp bhupender yadav quoted rule 240 to point out that that if a member repeatedly raises irrelevant issues in the house, it is the duty of the house to stop him.
watch video | 5 lesser known facts about sasikala natarajantailpieceafter cinema halls, the national anthem is being played at industry events too.
the 96th annual function of assocham on thursday, where finance minister arunjaitley was the chief guest, concluded with a rendition of the national anthem.
and all captains of the industry stood up.
(source: pti photo)the row over beef eating and cattle trade kept the political cauldron astir on thursday despite finance minister arunjaitley attempt to calm frayed tempers by insisting the new central notification will not interfere with state laws on slaughtering animals.
the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, he said, adding that this is the only effect of the notification.
every state has its own legislation or no legislation (with regard to slaughter of cattle).
prohibition of cow slaughter mentioned in article 48 of the constitution is not an enforceable article, but a directive principle of state policy.
west bengals feisty chief minister mamata banerjee, who has been at the forefront of the oppositions attack on the ban, added a new twist to the row, claiming the centre was planning to omit buffalo from the abmit of its notification to favour certain people close to bjp involved in trade of its meat.
some people close to the bjp are involved in the buffalo meat trade and that is why, they (centre) are planning to allow the slaughter of buffaloes, she told a public meeting in tarakeshwar in west bengal.
assailing vigilantism in the name of cow protection, she said,the bjp has got only 29 per cent of the votes, but they are trying to bulldoze the entire people.
who are they to decide what one will eat?
who are they to decide what one will wear?
it is a matter of personal choice.
notwithstanding jaitleys attempt to pacify those angry at the ban, a top leader of the rss, the bjps ideological mentor, denounced beef parties being organised to protest the modi governments measure as against humanity, and suggested that they should change their ways.
those who are doing this (hosting beef parties) are just a few in the population of 121 crore.
they do not represent the opinion of the nation.
their act is against humanity and they should change their ways, veteran rss leader indresh kumar told a press conference at jaipur.
cow milk is healthier than beef.
milk is medicine while beef makes you prone to diseases.
people should understand this and not eat beef, kumar said.
there also was a bit of political churning in meghalaya where a senior bjp leader, who had announced a beef party in his hometown to celebrate prime minister narendra modis three years in office, resigned from the party.
bjp district president of garo hills bernard rimpu marak, who had joined the party last year, was understood to have been asked to put in his papers.
he, however, claimed his resignation was to protest the bjps stand on beef.
in the interest of the garo people, i have put in my papers today as a mark of protest against the partys stand on beef, marak told pti.
i have resigned because i am a christian and a garo first.
steps taken by the party, especially in the garo hills, are not in the interest of the people, he said.
marak had in a facebook post yesterday said the bjp in garo hills will organise a bitchy-beef party to celebrate three years of modi government.
bitchy is a local alcoholic brew made from rice which is consumed during festivals.
reacting to maraks post, bjp spokesman nalin kohli had told reporters that the party will either sack him or ask him to tender his resignation.
b'new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley leaves from north block to meet president before presenting the union budget 2016-17, in new delhi.
(source: pti) new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley leaves from north block to meet president before presenting the union budget 2016-17, in new delhi.
(source: pti)the union budget 2016 has been crafted under the most extraordinarily challenging economic environments india has seen.
the external environment is both uncertain and volatile, the inherited logjam caused by stressed banks and the stressed private sector has yet to be broken, poor monsoons have caused immense rural distress, and demand, a central pillar of growth, has been tepid.
many of the measures needed to face up to this challenge are not, strictly speaking, budgetary.
nevertheless, the budget is of political interest on three counts.
the governments previous budgets were rightly criticised for the lack of a clear framework.
does this budget break new ground?
second, does the budget signal any appetite for political boldness?
third, which constituencies does the budget address?
watch video | the big picture of arunjaitley budget 2016this budget is certainly a huge improvement over finance minister arunjaitley previous budgets.
it has a much greater sense of purpose and direction.
it signals macroeconomic credibility by adhering to fiscal deficit targets.
in an age when politicians are derided, the reluctance to recklessly spend our way out of trouble requires political acknowledgement.
in many ways, this budget is rich in ideas; but also ones that make it hard to assess.
it embodies in muted form what the economic survey calls persistent creative encompassing incrementalism.
but one corollary will be that the judgement will also be incremental, as the various promissory notes on which the success of this budget rests unfold.
the budget represents what might be called the abiding centrism of indian economic policy.
heated debates may spin from left to right; but governance finds its centrist measure in several ways.
the budget continues a greater reliance on indirect taxes as opposed to a concerted effort to expand the direct tax net.
this is politically expedient, even if regressive.
but no political party will transform the citizen-taxpayer relationship by a move to more direct taxes.
second, there is a deep consensus on the welfare state.
on that front, the continuity between this government and the previous one is remarkable: from the continuation of mgnrega and health insurance to a package of interest subsidies.
the potentially most far-reaching change is the promise of giving aadhaar statutory status and making it the basis for direct benefit transfers; but that is for the future.
subsidy reform, if any, will be incremental in the meantime.
third, even the most muscular of governments cannot sustain an aggressive defence build-up.
fourth, there is no appetite for a massive roll-back of the state where it is not needed.
there will be some crisis-driven disinvestment but no radical reimagining of the state.
the budget will buttress the sense that the government has been practically sensible in small steps, but not bold.
it continues on the path of fiscal devolution set by the finance commission.
the ambitious provision of lpg connections to all is quite revolutionary, for its health, gender justice and aspirational effects, though its political-economy effects on the subsidy bill will become clear over the next few years.
it is bringing the poor front and centre in unexpected ways.
it goes to great lengths to reverse the governments pro-corporate image.
the increased outlay on infrastructure, particularly the pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana, is a no-brainer.
rural connectivity is great for growth; and power and logistics are key to indias competitiveness.
symbolically, this budget speaks to the governments potential strengths: power, infrastructure, railways, and petroleum and gas.
this government is investing in four ministers: piyush goyal, nitin gadkari, suresh prabhu and dharmendra pradhan.
a lot will hang on their capacity to implement.
the budget also speaks to the governments weaknesses.
despite the promise of new insurance schemes, it is hard to avoid the conclusion that health and education still remain blackholes for this government.
the allocations in education are up only marginally; there are no new ideas except the half-baked one of facilitating some special universities to escape regulation.
despite the fleeting appearance of the middle class as a political force, the focus on rural and the urbanising rural is back.
politically, the budget was expected to signal a shift in priorities.
the odd changes in taxation provisions for future provident fund withdrawals make it a budget hostile to the middle class.
this will have interesting political repercussions.
arguably, the boost to the real estate sector might benefit some sections of the middle class.
but its intent is clearly to revive a collapsing real estate sector.
there is no question that rural india needs a lot of investment.
the real issue is whether the scale of support promised will be enough to stimulate rural demand in the short run and transform agriculture in the long run.
there is reason to believe the outlays will fall seriously short of both objectives.
so it will leave the question of rural support for the government up in the air.
but the most pleasant surprise is the direction in which we want to go on the environment.
an additional cess on coal and taxes on cars are signals of a long-overdue resolve that the environment is no longer a luxury.
there are small administrative victories like the abolition of the distinction between plan and non-plan expenditure.
but equally, it is disappointing the budget does not invest enough in the state itself.
the state has serious capacity constraints, and some of them will require a great deal of investment.
the state has also signalled a much greater resolve on reforming tax administration.
the devil is in the detail, though a lot of the detail for small enterprises is encouraging.
the politics of the budget will, in the final analysis, depend on whether indias animal spirits are revived.
following the candid lead of the economic survey, the budget acknowledges the deep institutional quagmire that has stymied the economy.
the provisions for bank capitalisation seem, by some accounts, low.
if it turns out not enough to restore credibility to banking, we could still be in trouble.
there is a promissory note of a lot of new regulatory institutions or the emendation of existing ones.
the state is moving ahead.
we dont know if indian capital is ready to play by the new rules.
but for the time being, it could be said that this is an artful budget.
it displays a cautious prudence.
but it also confuses the governments more rabid economic rightwing supporters more than it annoys its opponents.
in that sense, it represents the triumph of a sensible democracy.
b'representational image/ file photo representational image/ file photothe government is moving ahead with further opening of print media, construction and retail sectors to foreign investments, and detailed deliberations in this regard were held in the finance ministry wednesday.
the commerce and industry ministry may soon approach the union cabinet to get the final approval on the proposals, sources said.
according to them, the government is considering to relax foreign direct investment (fdi) norms in certain areas of print media.
currently, foreign investment is allowed in areas such as printing of newspapers and publishing of scientific magazines with certain conditions and fdi caps.
the government may also permit overseas retailers to open wholly-owned stores for selling made in india products only.
besides, it is considering to allow retail stores, which would attract fdi, to sell domestically manufactured personal and home care products up to 25 per cent of their total turnover, a demand which has been strongly pitched by union food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal.
badal has time and again asked to permit fdi in non-food items, along with food products, under the multi-brand retail policy.
there is also a proposal to ease the policy in construction and development sector, under which an indian company could be allowed to bring fdi even for undeveloped plots in any project.
currently, 100 per cent fdi is allowed in the construction sector subject to various conditions.
one of the norms is that the indian investee company is permitted to sell only developed plots, which means plots where trunk infrastructure  roads, water supply, street lighting, drainage, and sewerage, have been made available.
sources said the government may put certain restrictions while making changes in this condition.
the whole exercise is aimed at providing investor friendly climate to foreign players and in turn attract more fdi to boost economic growth and create jobs.
the government is also mulling easing policy in single brand retail trading, under which 100 per cent fdi would be allowed through automatic route with certain conditions.
currently, fdi up to 49 per cent is permitted under the automatic route but beyond that limit, governments nod is required.
the easing of the policy will be on the lines of the announcements made by finance minister arunjaitley in the budget for 2017-18.
the government last year relaxed fdi norms in over a dozen sectors, including defence, civil aviation, construction and development, private security agencies, real estate and news broadcasting.
foreign investments are considered crucial for india, which needs around usd 1 trillion for overhauling its infrastructure sector such as ports, airports, and highways to boost growth.
foreign investments will help improve the countrys balance of payments situation and strengthen the rupee value against other global currencies, especially the us dollar.
(file photo)after the congress mps withdrew their petition in supreme court challenging rejection of impeachment motion notice against chief justice dipak misra, finance minister arunjaitley accused the party of fishing in troubled waters.
jaitley added, adopting a fringe position over the issue of impeachment of the cji will hurt the congress immediately in the upcoming karnataka elections.
asserting that the congress partys impeachment motion against the cji was wholly misconceived and poorly drafted, arunjaitley in a hard-hitting faceboook post wrote, finding a divided court, the congress wanted to fish in troubled waters.
if the motion for impeachment was unsustainable, the writ petition challenging the order of the chairman, rajya sabha, was unarguable.
read | impeachment notice against cji: prashant bhushan files rti seeking copy of order constituting a five-judge benchearlier in the day, two congress mps withdrew their plea in the supreme court challenging rejection of the impeachment notice against chief justice of india dipak misra by rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu.
jaitley said the rulings of the chair on whether to admit a motion or otherwise, are not subject to judicial review.
but wanting to fish in troubled waters, he said the congress conceived of a strategy to chose a court of its choice for mentioning for constitution of the bench to hear the matter so that an unarguable matter could be arguable before a more receptive court.
read | cji impeachment notice: congress mps withdraw petition challenging venkaiah naidus decisionthe congress party was looking for a friendly pitch to bowl on, said arunjaitley , who himeself is an eminent lawyer.
he also wondered whether it is right for a national party to deviate from the mainstream and take such fringe position.
this in reality is the price which each congressman will pay because its leader has decided that fringe position are better than the mainstream one.
the congressmen in karnataka will be the immediate victim, he said.
for five decades after independence it dominated the political centre-stage of india.
its ouster from power, either from centre or states, was considered an exception.
its evolution witnessed the party recede from a conventional political party to a dynastic organisation.
it became a crowd around a family.
a challenge which dynastic organisations face is that their popular appeal or acceptability is co-existent with the current generation of the dynasty.
the fact that the congress has been reduced to a two digit party and is being ousted from state after state, demonstrates the non-acceptability of its current leadership.
however, the most alarming aspect of the party has been that from a grand old party which occupied centre-stage, it is being pushed to the fringe.
it is not only electoral arithmetic that it occupies the fringe position but also the position that it adopts on several mainstream issues.
when its current president alongwith certain left party leaders visited the jawahar lal nehru university when the slogans of tukde tukde threatening indias geographical integrity were raised, i had questioned its leadership in a parliamentary debate whether its earlier leaders would have ever allowed a congressmen to identify itself with the national disintegration campaign.
but its current leader preferred a fringe position.
on use of technology he opposes the evms and wants to go back on ballot paper.
on digitization he prefers cash over the digital mode of transaction and having the pioneered the original idea of a unique identity number, he has allowed his party to question it both in parliament and in the courts.
on economic reforms, the party takes a position hostile to any reform measure and wants to go back on the retrograde policies.
the leader has no qualms of releasing his photographs with a convicted ally whom he had once opposed.
the fringe party having got a miniscule number of votes in gorakhpur and phoolpur bye-elections celebrates the victory of samajwadi party.
the latest attack on the judiciarythe congress partys impeachment motion against the chief justice of india was wholly misconceived.
it is poorly drafted and lacked in substance.
many of its traditional allies were not willing to take on this confrontation with the judicial institutions.
finding a divided court, the congress wanted to fish in troubled waters.
if the motion for impeachment was unsustainable, the writ petition challenging the order of the chairman, rajya sabha, was unarguable.
the rejection of a motion by a speaker or the chairman is a part of the legislative process.
it was a well-reasoned order.
the rulings of the chair on whether to admit a motion or otherwise, are not subject to judicial review.
but wanting to fish in troubled waters, the congress conceived of a strategy to chose a court of its choice for mentioning for constitution of the bench to hear the matter so that an unarguable matter could be arguable before a more receptive court.
the congress party was looking for a friendly pitch to bowl on.
the judgment in the unfortunate death of judge loya has already exposed the false hallucination of the congress party where it concocted the unnatural death theory.
it now wanted a continuing sword to hang on the chief justice and hence on the apex court.
its efforts of a forum shopping having failed, it refused to argue its unarguable case on merits.
does it behove a national party to deviate from the mainstream and take such fringe position?
fringe organisations have no hope of ever coming to power.
they can, therefore, afford to take positions which they will never have to implement.
but can a party having ruled india for such a long tenure, push itself to take fringe position one after the other?
this in reality is the price which each congressman will pay because its leader has decided that fringe position are better than the mainstream one.
the congressmen in karnataka will be the immediate victims.
finance minister arunjaitley speaks in the lok sabha finance minister arunjaitley speaks in the lok sabhafinance minister arunjaitley today threw an open invitation to the opposition in the lok sabha to suggest steps to make electoral funding cleaner and more transparent.
i have an open invitation to all, please suggest to me a better system which will ensure clean money and transparency to the extent possible, he said.
jaitley said although the opposition was opposing the provisions of the finance bill related with electoral bonds, but they have not come out with a single suggestion to deal with the issue.
i am only hearing adjectives like it must be clean, it must be transparent.
please give me ideal combination of the two.
we are willing to consider it.
i will wait for a specific suggestion, he said while replying to a debate on amendments proposed by the rajya sabha to the finance bill 2017.
these were later rejected by the lower house.
the opposition accused the government of running roughshod by opening doors for political extortionism and passing draconian provisions in the finance bill.
among the amendments approved by the rajya sabha and rejected by the lok sabha today was a provision to for a company to disclose the name of the political parties to which it has made contributions.
b'defence minister nirmala sitharaman, health minister j p nadda in parliament on wednesday.
(express photo: anil sharma) defence minister nirmala sitharaman, health minister j p nadda in parliament on wednesday.
(express photo: anil sharma)continuing to focus on healthcare, the union cabinet wednesday approved the organisational architecture of the ayushman bharat-national health protection mission (ab-nhpm) that will provide health insurance to 10.
74 crore families, and the continuation of the national health mission till march 31, 2020, with budgetary support of rs 85,217 crore.
while the nhpm was announced in the union budget this year and aims to provide rs 5 lakh annual health cover, the nhm was the flagship upa government programme and will be the principal vehicle for universal health coverage (uhc ).
the cabinet statement on the nhpm left the crucial question of finances unanswered.
scrutiny of an earlier health cover plan of rs 1 lakh announced in the 2016 budget, which was sent to the cabinet but never taken up, could hold the key to that omission.
read: is ayushman bharat a game changer?
preparing for the nhpm rollout last month, when the health ministry met general insurers, it found no takers for its rs 1,082 annual premium for the health cover plan.
at this premium, the annual expenditure is estimated at rs 10-12,000 crore, which, according to sources, remains the working estimate for the plan.
the insurers had asked for a premium of rs 2,500 in that meeting in mumbai.
the rs 2,500 premium is more in line with the governments own calculations for an earlier health insurance plan, which was buried after the bigger, better version was resurrected.
for the rs 1 lakh health cover plan (with an additional rs 30,000 top up for senior citizens) the general insurers (public sector) association of india had negotiated with the government a premium of rs 950 which was incorporated in the final scheme proposal.
based on that figure, the central and state shares were to be rs 570 and rs 380 and the administrative cost for the centre was calculated at rs 733 crore including the cost of the national health authority, it systems, and cost of the national family health card.
read | cabinet approves launch of largest govt-funded health insurance schemethe total cost for the centre for five years was estimated at rs 29,162 crore  about rs 6,000 crore per year.
the present working estimate of rs 1,082 is just rs 132 more.
the government is now hoping to be able to roll out a scheme with five times more cover at just about double the cost.
the actual estimates will be arrived at when the tendering happens, said a health ministry official.
its not only the estimate that is being recast.
between august (prime minister narendra modi reiterated the rs 1 lakh nhps in his 2016 independence day speech after it was first announced by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech) and december 2016, 17 meetings were held and 22 expert groups worked on various aspects of the rs 1 lakh national health protection scheme (nhps).
also, the director general health services had approved 1,339 clinical packages in 22 specialties with pre-authorisation for 548 packages (by an expert panel of doctors) with room for state flexibility.
the dghs is at present engaged in the same exercise for the rs 5 lakh nhpm all over again.
among other work that had been completed for the nhps were the finalisation of the it blueprint, guidelines for empanelment of hospitals, model tender documents, filtering of socio-economic and caste census (secc) data for eight crore people, district action plans and publicity material.
the nhps only awaited approval by the union cabinet, which did not come through till february 2018  when the scheme was recast.
in january 2017, pilot testing of field validation mobile applications was carried out in karnataka, himachal pradesh, tripura and chhattisgarh.
a communication agency was engaged around the same time for designing the logo and the nhps family card fascia.
the nhpm is designed to prevent catastrophic health expenditures.
according to government data, in-patient hospitalisation expenditure in india increased nearly 300 per cent in the last ten years.
more than 80 per cent of the expenditure is out of pocket (oop).
out of pocket (oop) expenditure in india is over 60 per cent which leads to nearly 6 million families falling into poverty due to health expenditures.
the cabinet wednesday also approved the continuation of the prime ministers development package for jammu and kashmir 2015  stepping up of support under the creation of infrastructure in district hospitals, sub-district hospitals and primary health centers over 5 years  with a budgetary support of rs 625.
20 crore.
captain amarinder singhthe war of words between senior congress leaders capt amarinder singh and rajinder kaur bhattal intensified on tuesday, with each of them accusing the other of having taken help from the akalis to win their respective elections.
while bhattal is the lehra gaga mla, amarinder is the amritsar mp.
amarinder sparked off the verbal duel on tuesday, saying bhattal had no business to criticise him as she, he added, only managed to win her assembly seat from lehra gaga with the help of the akalis.
bhattal retorted saying amarinder had lost his mental balance and that he needed to get himself checked and treated.
he needs to control his tongue.
everybody knows how he won the amritsar lok sabha seat.
he had a pact with the badals to allow him to win amritsar while he let harsimrat badal to win the bathinda seat, she said.
she added that amarinder should spell out his future course of action as no party was willing to take him.
i am not like him.
i have been a congress leader and stuck to the congress.
he has kept changing parties.
where will he go now?
nobody wants to take him, bhattal said.
her remarks brought a sharp reaction from amarinder, who said bhattals outburst betrayed the frustration of someone with nothing to look forward to except political oblivion.
for the sake of record let me refresh her memory that (finance minister) arunjaitley was specifically invited by badal and his son to contest from amritsar with a promise of a walkover and not to get him defeated at the cost of their prestige and credibility, capt said.
he added that the entire bjp and rss cadre was in amritsar for jaitley.
despite that, i won by over a lakh votes, amarinder said.
leader of opposition in rajya sabha arunjaitley thursday voiced his disagreement with the supreme court verdict granting relief to three convicts in the rajiv gandhi assassination case, but steered clear of attacking tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa on the issue.
the latest case of relief to the assassins of former pm rajiv gandhi is unconscionable.
after assassinating a former pm, that there can be institutional compassion for such persons is difficult to comprehend, he wrote on his website.
nothing more can hurt national security.
after praising jaya, dmk slams her for mishandling issuechennai: a day after lauding chief minister j jayalalithaa for her decision to release the seven convicts in the rajiv gandhi assassination case, the dmk on thursday criticised her for mishandling the issue.
even the most well-planned efforts will not be complete in the hands of the incompetent, said dmk president m karunanidhi on thursday, quoting a couplet from tamil treatise thirukkural.
on wednesday, karunanidhi had congratulated jaya, even defending her and saying that it was not a hasty step.
however, jayas charges against him of remaining indifferent to the plight of these prisoners when in power, seems to have struck a raw nerve, prompting karunanidhi to launch a counter-attack after the supreme court stayed the release of the convicts.
karunanidhi said it was the jaya government that had opposed parole for s nalini, one of the convicts serving life term.
samajwadi party supporters celebrating after ec allotted bicycle symbol to akhilesh yadav faction.
(source: pti photo) samajwadi party supporters celebrating after ec allotted bicycle symbol to akhilesh yadav faction.
(source: pti photo)samajwadi party releases 1st list of candidates for up electionssamajwadi party released its first list of 191 candidates for the upcoming uttar pradesh elections on friday with names like shivpal yadav and azam khan finding a spot on the list.
the partys first list of candidates covers the first three phases of the polling which begins on february 11.
shivpal yadav will contest the elections from jaswantnagar, the constituency sought for him by sp supremo mulayam singh yadav.
the ruling party had gone through a lot of clashes to decide on the list of candidates which would be projected by the party the assembly elections.
while shivpals list included rajya sabha member beni prasad vermas son rakesh verma, akhileshs list replaces that name with his own loyalist arvind singh gope, minister and sitting mla from ramnagar seat (barabanki).
azam khan will contest from his traditional rampur seat while his son abdullah azam has been given ticket from swar seat (rampur district).
read more here.
watch video | samajwadi partys first list of candidates creates uncertainty over alliance with congressjallikattu protest: centre, tamil nadu work on finding a solution.
chennai: youngsters and students participate in a protest to lift the ban on jallikattu and impose ban on peta, at kamarajar salai, marina beach in chennai on thursday.
(source: pti photo) chennai: youngsters and students participate in a protest to lift the ban on jallikattu and impose ban on peta, at kamarajar salai, marina beach in chennai on thursday.
(source: pti photo)attorney general mukul rohatgi told reporters that the centre and state are in talks to find a way out on jallikattu issue.
the supreme court on friday agreed to the union governments request not to pass a judgment on the raging issue for a week.
ag rohatgi pleaded the apex court to hold back judgment on jallikattu since final order in any case might inflame more passion.
opposition dmk workers held a rail roko protest earlier in the day while showing their solidarity in favour of the sport.
live updates here.
donald trump to be sworn-in as 45th us presidentpresident-elect donald trump, left, and his wife melania trump arrive to the make america great again welcome concert at the lincoln memorial.
(source: ap photo) president-elect donald trump, left, and his wife melania trump arrive to the make america great again welcome concert at the lincoln memorial.
(source: ap photo)president-elect donald trump will be sworn-in as the 45th president of the us today.
this will be the 58th formal presidential inaugural ceremony since 1789.
president-elect donald trump would be following the long-established tradition of placing his hand on the historic lincoln bible at the us capitol.
trump also boasted about his election victory, his re-election prospects, re-prided himself for picking a great cabinet and showered confidence on the capabilities of his son-in-law to broker peace in the volatile middle east.
read more here.
finance minister arunjaitley skips bengal global business eventfinance minister arunjaitley did not attend the 3rd edition of the bengal global business summit on friday.
this might be attributed to the present hostile political relationship between the bengal government and the centre.
cm mamata banerjee had spearheaded the protest against demonetisation.
matters had turned worse after the arrest of two tmc mps tapas pal and sudip bandyopadhyay, in connection with the rose valley scam.
later, the mamata banerjee-led government arrested bjp state leader jayprakash majumdar in connection with alleged bribery case.
read more here.
high court asks sit to find culprits, victims in alleged murthal rape casewatch video | evident murthal rape took place during jat agitation, says punjab and haryana high courtthe alleged incidents of rape in murthal came to the fore yet again as the punjab and haryana high court ordered the sit to redouble its efforts and find the victims and perpetrators in the case.
the courts order came after statements of two witnesses, delhi resident boby joshi and taxi driver raj kumar, were read in the court by amicus curiae pointing to the rape.
the court said clothes laced with semen found strewn at murthal indicated rape.
read more here.
b'finance minister arunjaitley meets andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu at the finance minister in new delhi.
(express photo/anil sharma/file) finance minister arunjaitley meets andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu at the finance minister in new delhi.
(express photo/anil sharma/file)regional parties in andhra pradesh are trading charges with the centre over granting special category status for the state.
at the time of bifurcation in 2014, this was a promise made by the then government, headed by former prime minister manmohan singh.
however, the bjp-led government has ruled this out now.
union minister arunjaitley on wednesday offered to provide the monetary equivalent but said the state could not be given special status.
telugu desam party (tdp) leader and andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, addressing the press on wednesday night, said the party would withdraw from the central government for not granting the special category status to andhra pradesh.
naidu reiterated that andhra has suffered financially since bifurcation.
jaitley agrees with naidu that andhra, which was unwilling to bifurcate, has suffered in terms of resources since 2014.
also read | tdp walks out of govt: why this poses a challenge to bjps numbers count for 2019so why cant the centre grant andhra special status?
under the 14th finance commission recommendations, the special status categorisation has been removed.
it is now restricted only to the northeastern and three hilly states.
the recommendations were accepted in 2015, a year after the andhra was bifurcated.
also read: what do states with the special category status receive?
one of the promises was that at that time (of bifurcation), a special category status could be given to andhra pradesh.
such a treatment is now constitutionally restricted to just the north-eastern and three hilly states.
explained | broken promise, funds crunch: why andhra cm n chandrababu naidu is angrywhat has the centre offered instead?
the centre has offered to provide special assistance to andhra for five years.
equivalent to the special status category, it has offered 90:10 funding for all centrally sponsored schemes  which adds up to about rs 20,010 crore of central assistance.
further, while the state pegs rs 16,000 crore as its revenue deficit, the centre, which has already paid rs 4,000 crore, says it will release pending amount of rs 138 crore.
the tdp also wants funds from local agencies like hudco and nabard, while the centre has proposed funding in the form of loans from external agencies like the world bank.
for the polavaram project, the state has said the centre must bear the total expense, including the cost of land acquisition, relief and rehabilitation, amounting to rs 33,000 crore.
the centre, which has paid rs 5,000 crore, assured more funds at a later point.
for the state capital of amaravati, the state wants rs 33,000 crore.
the centre has already disbursed rs 2,500 crore, including rs 500 crore each of guntur and vijayawada.
b'senior bjp leader and union finance minister arunjaitley (file/pti photo) senior bjp leader and union finance minister arunjaitley (file/pti photo)with the government facing embarrassment over some recent observations by the courts, finance minister arunjaitley monday said the judiciary must draw its own lakshman rekha and the executive should be allowed to take executive decisions.
if you do so, the three options will not be available, which are there when the executive takes executive decisions.
interacting with media persons at the indian womens press corps, arunjaitley expressed concern over judicial overreach and said a line needs to drawn: judicial review is (a) legitimate domain of judiciary but then the lakshman rekha has to be drawn by all the institutions themselves.
(the) lakshman rekha is very vitalexecutive decisions are to be taken by the executive and not the judiciary.
share this article related article judges appointments happening differently than originally envisaged: arun jaitleyjudges appointments happening differently than originally envisaged: arunjaitley judiciary and executive are two independent sections: jaitleyjudiciary and executive are two independent sections: arunjaitley surely, mr jaitleysurely, mr arunjaitley rs passes bill on appointment of judges,ls to take it up todayrs passes bill on appointment of judges,ls to take it up today judicial bill in rajya sabha: govt,oppn unite to attack judiciaryjudicial bill in rajya sabha: govt,oppn unite to attack judiciary let a judicial commission appoint judges: bjphe argued: just as independence of the judiciary is part of basic structure, the primacy of the legislature in policymaking is also part of basic structure.
in the name of independence of judiciary, we cannot compromise the other two basic structures.
referring to protests by many states over supreme courts decision on national eligibility entrance test, arunjaitley asserted that the manner of holding the entrance test across the country is essentially an executive matter since it is in policy domain.
according to the finance minister, the judiciary and the executive are on the same page over maintaining the fairness and integrity of exams at all costs.
jaitley also maintained that despite the acrimonious debates between the treasury and the opposition benches, civility in discourse should be maintained in politics.
we can have argument in a language that does not embarrass the polity.
watch indian express videos herehe brushed aside the charge that bjp-ruled states were revising textbooks to ignore icons associated with opposition parties.
every time a revision takes place, the charge is normally made.
(but) when explanation comes, they present a contrary picture.
without examining it i will not get into details, he said.
b'over 450 bjp leaders, including modi, will hold 900 events in places outside their home states between may 26 and june 15.
(file photo) over 450 bjp leaders, including modi, will hold 900 events in places outside their home states between may 26 and june 15.
(file photo)having reached out to the masses with his mann ki baat radio programme, prime minister narendra modi will now get peoples feedback on his governments programmes and policies through jann ki baat.
jann ki baat will form part of the 20-day celebrations the bjp has planned to mark the modi governments three years in office beginning may 26, the day he was sworn-in as prime minister in 2014.
bjp chief ministers and ministers in states will visit those ruled by their political rivals, with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath travelling to bihar and his madhya pradesh counterpart shivraj singh chouhan to karnataka and odisha.
over 450 bjp leaders, including modi, members of his council of ministers, party chief amit shah, and other office bearers will hold 900 events in places outside their home states between may 26 and june 15, union minister smriti irani and party general secretary arun singh said on monday.
modi will kick off the exercise with a number of events in guwahati on may 26.
shah will visit kerala, the andaman and nicobar islands, chhattisgarh and arunachal pradesh, while top union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arunjaitley , venkaiah naidu and nitin gadkari will attend events in mumbai and jaipur, delhi and lucknow, bengaluru and ahmedabad, bhubaneswar and chhattisgarh, and chennai and ranchi respectively.
most party chief ministers will go to non-bjp ruled states.
making of developed india (modi), a festival to celebrate the modi governments three years in office, will be one of the seven major events and people, especially youth, will be informed about various government schemes, and urged to download related apps on their mobiles, irani told a press conference.
government agencies and the ruling party will organise these events.
through jann ki baat (peoples voice), common people can record their feedback on the performance of the government, she said.
singh said 330 bjp mps, 11 chief ministers, five deputy chief ministers, ministers in state governments, besides organisational functionaries will participate in these programmes.
bjps nda allies will be involved in celebrations organised by the government, he said.
they will each hold two events in states outside their home state.
they also have to organise events in their home state and constituencies (for mps), he said.
they will hold rallies, visit colonies populated by the poor and meet the local intelligentsia, he said.
irani cited central government programmes, including the one to provide lpg connections to poor households, jan dhan, and mudra yojana, 70 per cent of whose beneficiaries are women, to claim that the government has touched the lives of the poor across the country.
the union cabinet on wednesday approved vijayawada airport as international airport, according to finance minister arun jaitley.
the decision to give the airport, which is undergoing infrastructural changes due to increase in air traffic, international status will boost domestic and international tourism beside promoting socio-economic development.
jaitley said that that approval was given as per provisions of andhra pradesh reorganisation act, 2014.
it will improve the connectivity to the andhra capital and give wider choice of services at competitive costs to air travelers.
the decision to give international airport status was taken keeping in view passenger traffic growth, demands from airlines and andhra pradesh government.
the airports authority of india has undertaken up-gradation of requisite infrastructure and facilities for international operations.
image for representational purposes.
image for representational purposes.
the uk needs to do more on the students visa issue despite the pluses from british prime minister theresa mays announcement about special categories of visas, the new indian envoy in london has said.
yashvardhan kumar sinha, who presented his credentials to queen elizabeth ii last week, told the daily express in his first interview to a british newspaper that, we are in exciting times.
our (indo-uk) partnership has gone to a different level.
im confident it will be a win-win situation for us both, sinha said.
confirming that finance minister arunjaitley will be holding talks with the uk chancellor philip hammond when he arrives in the uk for the official launch of the uk-india year of culture hosted by the queen later this month, sinha indicated that visas and free movement for indian professionals is likely to be on the agenda.
on our services sector, we have been arguing in favour of freedom of movement of professionals.
it is a very important part of the negotiations on free trade.
prime minister (theresa) may has made it clear that her vision is of a global british economy and that is something we welcome.
we see an important role for india in this, he said.
sinha also flagged the fall in the number of indian students studying at uk universities as a worrying trend for the indian government.
the uk has always been the preferred destination for higher studies.
our political leadership, even those who led our independence, all studied in the uk.
britain has some of the finest institutions in the world, he said.
it is unfortunate that in the last six years we have seen a steep drop, from 30,000 to about 16,000.
what should be troubling universities here is that indian students are now going in much greater numbers to the us, australia -even france and germany.
there were pluses when mrs may announced special categories of visas.
more needs to be done, sinha said.
may, during her india visit last november, had announced two visa programmes.
sinha also said indias pace of economic development had meant that british financial assistance was not as crucial as a win-win trade deal.
while i dont want to prejudge british aid that has been given, or will be given, easier access to british markets, easier movement of people and the transfer of technology are more important, he said.
we are grateful for any assistance we received in the past or will get in the future.
but if it suddenly stopped would it make a huge difference?
no.
did anyone in the government of india ask for assistance?
no, he said.
india has developed over the last 70 years in ways unimaginable to my parents generation.
in the 1960s and 1970s we required a lot of assistance.
we were importing food grains.
now were exporting, the envoy told the daily.
in reference to the uks referendum to leave the european union, sinha expressed confidence that indian firms would continue to be attracted to the uk post-brexit.
b'on sunday,bjp president rajnath singh announced changes in the leadership of the party.
among them was the return of narendra modi to the parliamentary board.
on monday,singh justified this appointment,noting that modi is a popular chief minister and that the decision to include him in the parliamentary board is based on feedback from people.
however,the gujarat chief minister had not been invited to play a role at the national level; he forced his way back in.
singh and the national party elite had to acknowledge his popularity and the willingness of party workers to see him as the bjps prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 lok sabha elections.
in other democracies in the world,you have inner-party elections or preliminaries.
we,in india,do not have such a system.
on the contrary,the best leaders in the party,at an appropriate time,are chosen as the first amongst the equalsbut how are these best leaders chosen,and by whom?
informally,the rss plays a role in this choice and formally,the candidate is to be nominated either by the party parliamentary board or by a top panel whose members are chosen by the party president.
thus,as arunjaitley noted,party activists are not consulted on the selection of the candidate.
yet they cannot be ignored,and modi seems,indeed,to be the candidate chosen by the bjp and rss activists.
moreover,opinion polls project a potential majority for modi in a modi-against-rahul-gandhi contest.
however,the discussion about who the bjp pm candidate will be has been going for a while in the party and is still on,as the official choice has not yet been announced.
we know why modi is a controversial candidate outside the bjp,but what was the discussion within the party about?
we can now say was as the dust has partially settled after mohan bhagwat,the rss chief,endorsed modi in february,and after singh first praised modis achievements at the party national council meeting in march and then appointed him to the parliamentary board.
there are several oft-quoted reasons for the reluctance to let modi play a role at the national level.
some of them concern mainly internal problems: modi does not abide by the hierarchy,he is overtly ambitious,he is not a team player and he is uncompromising; others are related to electoral strategy: modis appeal might not work outside gujarat and he poses a risk in attracting and keeping coalition partners.
the last two points are arguable,as many people outside gujarat have declared themselves to be in favour of modi and several political parties have allied with whoever might bring them to power.
yet,there is another,unsaid reason for the reluctance within the party to have modi as a candidate.
it lies in an unresolved tension between the state-units and the national level of the party.
this organisational tension translates into a tension between state and national leaders.
state leaders have become essential and vocal in the bjp,but they are kept in secondary roles.
the national executive seems to think that it has a natural right to be in command,despite the fact that the political power now lies in the hands of state leaders.
they get the votes; they even get the national party elites re-elected from their constituencies.
but modi had to win the elections in gujarat for the third time to be seriously considered as a potential pm candidate.
without this victory,his chances to be chosen would have been null.
such a criterion did not apply to leaders and potential contenders from the national executive.
little was expected from them in terms of demonstrated popular support.
however,modi won again in gujarat and passed the eliminatory test for the national level.
well aware of his power,he did not confine himself to the role of a secondary player.
he was not invited in the private national elite club,but he bypassed the opposition of the national leadership by appealing directly to the people.
he played the base against the elite in the party (and in the rss).
bhagwat recognised that indirectly when he said in february: what is in everybodys heart and mind should be acknowledged by those who have to decide who should lead the nation.
modi,the regional leader,has come back into the national team as an unavoidable player.
this does not suit everybody.
writing about modis performance at the bjp conclave in march,shiv visvanathan compared him to a street fighter with a bully boy attitude to opponents.
this is not limited to his opponents in the congress party.
we can thus easily imagine that the national executive of the bjp feels uneasy about what might happen to them with modi in a position to choose the best leaders in the party.
supreme court of india.
(file photo) supreme court of india.
(file photo)the supreme court on wednesday reserved its judgment on a clutch of petitions challenging the centres move to make aadhaar mandatory for filing income-tax returns even as petitioners against the plan charged that the step was fraught with dangers to the right of privacy and an encroachment on the courts powers.
the supreme court has already said what purposes aadhaar can be used for.
how then can the government make it mandatory for filing tax returns?
the sacrosanctness of the supreme court judgment must be protected, senior counsel arvind datar, appearing for the petitioners, told a bench of justices a k sikri and ashok bhushan.
he was referring to the supreme courts orders of august 2015 and october 2016 allowing the government to use aadhaar for distribution of food grains and cooking fuel, the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme, national social assistance programmes like old age, widow and disability pensions, prime ministers jan dhan yojana and employees provident fund.
they started by saying its voluntary.
then step by step they are making it mandatory.
their argument will be if the whole of the country is agreeing, who are you to object the moment minority cannot do what it wants to do, we have lost everything, said datar.
referring to the amendment to section 139a of the income tax act, by which the new provision was introduced as section 139aa, the counsel said: adding an additional a in section 139a is the first encroachment upon an sc judgment and it must be made clear to the government that you cant do it till you remove the basis of the judgment.
the court, however, said that its direction was to the government and not parliament and wondered how it could stop the latter from exercising its powers.
datar also cited finance minister arunjaitley speech in parliament during the debate on the aadhaar law during which he had said that a man must have the choice to join or not.
on tuesday, the centre had told the court that the decision to make aadhaar compulsory for filing i-t returns was primarily intended to check financial fraud and to prevent the effects of pan duplication.
the counsel sought to know if the government had done any study on the issue of duplicate pan cards before introducing section 139aa.
what is the study you made before introducing this monumental change in 139aa.
you only have data of 2005what is the data you have placed before the court to say that x number of pan cards are duplicate?
the counsel asked.
datar said it was legislative dichotomy to make a law saying that aadhaar is voluntary and later make another law making it mandatory.
can the parliament, which once made a law saying something is voluntary pass another law making it compulsory?
datar asked.
the supreme court is hearing three petitions  by a retired army officer, s g vombatkere, dalit activist bezwada wilson and senior cpi leader from kerala binoy viswam  challenging the validity of the amendments in the i-t act requiring tax-payers to provid their aadhaar card details, too.
chief economic advisor arvind subramanian.
chief economic advisor arvind subramanian.
any serious actions taken by the trump administration on the h-1b visa programme would be a cause of worry as a majority of indian exports in the services sector go to the us, chief economic advisor arvind subramanian has said.
if there are serious actions taken its something thats going to kind of worry us a lot because, remember that our exports of services are about 40 to 45 per cent of the total exports, subramanian told an audience here last week.
something like 50 to 60 per cent of all our exports of services goes to the united states.
so it would worry us quite a bit, he said while responding to a question on the h1-b visa during his visit at the peterson institute, a top american economic think-tank.
subramanian said that india would be okay as long as the visa reforms are manageable and its keeping a close watch on it.
anything that is going to interfere with export growth creates anxiety (in india).
in the context of the united states, were all watching very carefully the h1-b visa situation, the chief economic advisor said.
on the visa side, i dont know but as long as you know we can keep this thing manageable.
you know it should be okay, he said.
during his us visit, finance minister arunjaitley had also taken up the the h-1b issue with the american side and highlighted the contribution indian companies and professionals are making to the us economy.
president donald trump had earlier this month signed an executive order for tightening the rules of the h-1b visa programme to stop its abuse and ensure that the visas are given to the most-skilled or highest paid petitioners, a decision that would impact indias usd 150 billion it industry.
the indian it industry expressed serious concerns over this as these visas were mainly used by domestic it professionals for short-term work in america.
the h-1b is a non-immigrant visa that allows us companies to employ foreign workers in speciality occupations that require theoretical or technical expertise in specialised fields.
indian technology companies depend on it to hire tens of thousands of employees each year for their us operations.
the us market accounts for about 60 per cent of the revenue of the indian it industry.
reforming the h-1b visa system was one of the major election promises of trump.
as per several us reports, a majority of the h-1b visas every year are grabbed by indian it professionals.
india accounts for the highest pool of qualified it professionals, whose services go a long way in making american companies globally competitive.
b'prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
(pti photo by kamal kishore) prime minister narendra modi with finance minister arunjaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
(pti photo by kamal kishore)the governments new initiative for start-ups promises swift approvals for starting enterprises, easier exits, tax and fiscal incentives, faster registration of patents and protection of intellectual property rights.
it signals a possible end to the inspector raj that has sapped the energy and spirit of many young entrepreneurs in the country.
unlike indias large business groups, small entrepreneurs find it difficult to navigate the complex bureaucratic and regulatory maze.
from that perspective, these supply-side reforms are welcome.
what makes this initiative especially welcome is the fact that start-ups hold the potential of creating more jobs at a time when the manufacturing sector is facing a slump that may last longer given global economic prospects and the slowdown in china, which has been one of the engines of global growth.
and with growing automation, the manufacturing sector may no longer be in a position to create jobs.
the fact is that there is a fundamental problem of demand and the real challenge for the indian economy now is to fund several large projects  be it roads, highways or railways.
thats why it is heartening to see the government attempting to provide an enabling policy environment for start-ups, which are job creators much like the large number of self-employed who form a significant part of the countrys labour force.
but should the government, which says it wants to be more of a facilitator, get into the funding of start-ups?
there has been enough capital chasing start-ups in india, including e-commerce firms, with a predominant share coming from overseas investors, unlike in the us or china, which are ahead of this country in terms of the number of new-age firms.
tax breaks do help, but global experience shows that what is more critical is an enabling regulatory and business environment that will foster innovation and have a cascading impact on entrepreneurship.
indian policymakers appear to be grasping this imperative but the funding now on offer could perhaps be directed more towards entrepreneurs who find it tough to raise capital in segments such as food processing, rather than mobile-based applications or e-commerce firms, for whom raising money isnt a major problem.
the governments approach of targeting start-ups to power growth over the next decade is well judged.
but the easing of rules and creation of a conducive policy environment should not be restricted just to start-ups.
it should be extended to all businesses.
that will be the real test, along with getting more indian firms domiciled overseas because of rules here to move back.
otherwise, the losers will be the government and local investors.
b'assam: chief minister sarbanand sonowal visits kokrajhar attack victims in a hospital on saturday.
(source: ani/twitter) assam: chief minister sarbanand sonowal visits kokrajhar attack victims in a hospital on saturday.
(source: ani/twitter)assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal visited kokrajhar to meet the victims of fridays attack that left 14 people dead.
sonowal visited the gauhati medical college hospital on saturday to meet the injured victims after returning from new delhi on friday evening.
during his visit to the capital, cm sonowal had discussed the assam attack with prime minister narendra modi and home minister rajnath singh, who has assured central assistance to the state government.
after returning from new delhi on friday, the assam cm spoke to state police and instructed them to investigate and arrest those involved in the attack.
he also announced a compensation of rs 5 lakh to the families of the deceased and rs 1 lakh to those seriously injured.
along with this, sonowal also announced free treatment to the other injured in the attack.
so far, assam police have arrested the auto driver who drove the militants to the attack scene  balajan tiniali market.
police sources say that three or four militants carried out the kokrajhar attack.
while one was killed by the security forces, the others are absconding.
additional dgp l r bishnoi said three additional companies of army were deployed in kokrajhar following the attack, reported ani.
meanwhile, a four-member national investigation agency team reached kokrajhar on saturday to investigate the attack.
read | 14 killed in assams kokrajhar after suspected bodo militants open fire at village markethealth minister himanta biswa sarma said that preliminary investigations point towards the involvement of songbijit faction of ndfb militants in the attack.
ani also reported that home minister rajnath singh on friday chaired a high-level meeting in new delhi to review internal security situation in the country.
the meeting was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , defence minister manohar parrikar and national security advisor ak doval among others.
later in the day, singh had another round of meeting with doval where he was apprised about the kokrajhar attack.
b'navjot singh sidhu during the press conference he held over speculations on his political career, outside his residence at the cwg village in the capital.
(source: express photo by tashi tobgyal) navjot singh sidhu during the press conference he held over speculations on his political career, outside his residence at the cwg village in the capital.
(source: express photo by tashi tobgyal)breaking his silence after a week, cricketer-turned-politician navjot singh sidhu on monday said he resigned as a rajya sabha member since his party, the bjp, asked him to not even look in the direction of punjab, and to stay away from the state.
speaking to the media outside his delhi residence, sidhu, however, avoided a direct answer when asked about rumours that he would join the aam aadmi party (aap) as its cm candidate for the punjab assembly elections, scheduled early next year.
the nation (read punjab) is the biggest religion of all.
how can i leave my roots and my nation?
how can i leave my people who have made me win (lok sabha) elections in the last 10 years, asked sidhu, making clear his displeasure against the bjp.
the former cricketer, who represented amritsar lok sabha constituency between 2004 and 2014, claimed that the party had asked him to stay away from punjab, which was impossible for him to obey.
even the birds come back to their nests in the evening.
how can i leave my nation?
no party in this world is above punjab.
i am ready to bear the loss, said sidhu, known for his dramatic speech and style of presentation as a cricket commentator and tv show host.
without naming finance minister arunjaitley , sidhu hinted that the party did not give him a ticket from amritsar seat in 2014, expecting it was a safe seat for arunjaitley to win.
in the event, arunjaitley lost to congresss capt amarinder singh, a former punjab chief minister.
jab modi-sahab ki wave aayi toh virodhi to doobe, sidhu ko bhi dubo dia (when the modi wave came, bjps opponents were swept away, and it made sidhu drown as well), he said.
instead of amritsar, sidhu claimed, he was given the choice to contest from either kurukshetra, in haryana, or west delhi.
i did not leave my roots.
i opted not to contest.
(but) even today you (bjp) ask me to leave punjab.
what is my fault, he asked.
stating that he had contested his first election from amritsar on the request of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee, sidhu said, this is not about personal gain or loss.
had this (shuffling him out before the polls) happened for the first time, even then it was unacceptable.
but this has been done to me three or four times.
sidhus wife navjot kaur is a bjp mla from amritsar (east) constituency, and the couple are known opponents of the bjps ally in punjab, the sad.
finance minister arun jaitley.
finance minister arun jaitley.
the finance minister has adopted karnali and chandod villages in vadodara district.
watch what else is in the newsdemonetisation has positive impact and india is moving to less cash economy, he said, adding the country is moving towards digitalisation.
there is greater integration of informal economy taking place with formal economy that leads to larger and cleaner gdp, that was our objective behind the decision on demonetisation, said the finance minister.
on november 8 last year, the narendra modi government announced the demonetisation of higher value currency notes.
the combined effect of the goods and services tax and demonetisation would take india to a new path of reforms, enabling large part of informal economy into the formal economy, he added.
according to arunjaitley , the integration of the informal economy into a formal one would lead to higher tax revenue and thereby lower tax rates.
on rate cut, he said, it is prerogative of the rbi to take decision on it.
the banks have already reduced interest rates in recent past.
due to demonetisation, the banks are flooded with fix deposits as it has registered significant growth in the fixed deposits.
rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu are part of the three-member committee constituted to identify a candidate for the upcoming presidential election.
rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu are part of the three-member committee constituted to identify a candidate for the upcoming presidential election.
senior bjp leaders will meet congress president sonia gandhi and cpm general secretary sitaram yechury on friday to discuss the forthcoming presidential election.
union ministers rajnath singh and venkaiah naidu, who are part of the three-member committee constituted by the bjp to pick a candidate for the election, will reach out to the opposition and hope to arrive at a consensus on the issue.
sources told news agency ani that the two bjp leaders on wednesday have briefed prime minister narendra modi on the election.
the nda candidate is likely to file the nomination papers on june 23, sources said.
with president pranab mukherjees term ending on july 24, the election commission announced that polling will begin and end on july 17.
filing of nominations will end on june 28, ec said in a notification.
the results will be announced on july 20.
meanwhile, opposition leaders from 17 parties, including the congress, cpm, cpi, tmc, rjd, jdu and more, have met at the national capital today to select a common candidate for the presidential election.
the law states that only candidates with the support of 50 or more electors can file nomination.
members of the lok sabha, rajya sabha and of the state legislative assemblies qualify as electors.
the state government has resolved to largely refrain from ppp for future projects after a shaky experience with the citys first metro.
(source: express archive)even as the congress-ncp state government has resolved to largely refrain from public private partnerships (ppp) for mumbais future metro rail projects after a shaky experience with the citys first metro, the local bjp leadership, toeing the modi governments line, is strongly vouching for ppps.
jaitley has also allocated rs 500 crore to set up an institution to provide support for mainstreaming ppps.
vinod tawde, leader of opposition in the legislative council, said, though all future metro projects in mumbai are planned on a cash contract basis, they can be considered on a ppp model.
if our government comes to power after the assembly elections, we will actively consider ppps for metro projects.
the first metro line in the city  the 11.
4-km versova-andheri-ghatkopar metro  was constructed on a public private partnership model.
however, the state government and the reliance infrastructure-led mumbai metro one pvt ltd (mmopl) are now locked in litigation due to a dispute over the cost escalation and tariff fixation.
this was also the first metro in the country to be constructed on a ppp model.
with the experience of this east-west metro corridor fresh, the congress-ncp-led democratic front government in maharashtra has planned to construct the other lines-the colaba-bandra-seepz metro and the wadala-thane-kasarvadavali corridor-on a cash contract basis.
the government had earlier bid out the charkop-bandra-mankhurd metro, which has remained a non-starter, on a public private partnership.
however, it is now keen on terminating this agreement and constructing the line as a cash contract.
ups madan, metropolitan commissioner at mmrda, had said the government is at present not keen on opting for ppps in metro or public transport projects.
ashish shelar, who heads the bjps mumbai unit, said, there is no choice but to look at ppps.
on its own the government does not have so much money that it can implement all future metro projects on cash contracts.
what happened with the mumbai metro was not because it was on a ppp model.
it was because of the way the agreement was drafted and the change of laws midway.
shelar added that it is too early to say what the bjp will do with the existing metro rail plans if elected to form a government at the state level.
however, he said with a proper framework for ppps, which the union government is trying to bring in, the model should work.
manasi.
gurmehar kaur has broken no laws.
nor has she slandered any individual on a public platform.
the 20-year-old student of english literature at lady shri ram college, delhi university is the daughter of late captain mandeep singh, who fell fighting militancy in jammu and kashmir.
kaur started a social media campaign after the violence in ramjas college on february 22.
the campaign began with kaur changing her facebook profile picture to her holding a placard that read: i am a student of delhi university and i am not afraid of abvp.
for her post, she has received graphic threats on social media, the more innocuous among which include a fate worse than nirbhaya (the december 2012 gangrape and murder victim), advice to just die and been called worse than hitler.
that trolls, anonymous like most trolls are, verbally assault and intimidate a young woman isnt surprising.
watch | what gurmehar kaur had to say on the issuewhat is appalling, however, is how some of the most powerful and influential men in the country, a parliamentarian, a union minister and even a cricketer and actor, have expressed their disapproval of what she has said, likened her to terrorists, ridiculed her views and refused her agency.
but no one mentioned one word defending whats her constitutional right or condemned the threat that she faces.
soon after kaurs post on social media, bjp mp pratap simha compared her to dawood ibrahim saying at least dawood didnt use his fathers name to justify his anti-national stand.
simhas reaction was to a post by kaur from may last year, where she made a case for peace with pakistan.
rather than condemning his party colleagues vicious jibe, union minister of state for home kiren rijiju tweeted asking, who is polluting this young girls mind?
a part of rijijus responsibility is to ensure law and order, to protect the rights of citizens, even when he disagrees with them.
instead of questioning kaurs agency and motives, the minister should reassure her that the government will protect her right to free expression.
equally, he should be as vocal in his condemnation of those who have threatened a young woman with assault and death.
union minister m. venkaiah naidu has scented a plot to lead young minds astray.
watch | delhi university student gurmehar kaur withdraws from save du campaignmore sophisticated is finance minister arun jaitley.
speaking at the london school of economics, arunjaitley called for a debate on the limits of free speech and whether the right extended to an assault on the very sovereignty of the nation.
jaitley himself was a symbol of dissidence and free speech in the face of a government that was clamping down on opposition during the emergency.
as a student leader, he refused to acquiesce to the government of the day, stood up for his principles and went to prison.
he must now remember that legacy and condemn a discourse that allows threats to the life of gurmehar kaur and others like her.
its not going to be easy given his government and partys constant resort to nationalism to silence all argument.
that doesnt behove a government that prides itself on its strength.
and, surely, the nations sovereignty isnt undermined by a 20-year-old college student?
the government must ensure there is no tax terrorism and fear psychosis among consumers and review its decision to impose tax collected at source on cash transactions above rs 2 lakh, assocham said today.
the industry body urged for abundant caution on the part of tax authorities so that no negative signals are sent to industry and consumers.
watch what else is making newsit must be ensured that there shall not be any tax terrorism and fear psychosis among consumers, especially of high value products and services, as also trade channels, must be avoided.
all tax officials should be made accountable for their action and no witch-hunt should be resorted to, assochams new president sandeep jajodia said at a press conference here.
he said the economy is still in the re-monetisation stage which should encourage people to start spending again, and proposals like tax collected at source on transactions above rs 2 lakh could be revisited to revive consumer demand.
the economy may take almost a year to normalise and for demand to return to pre-demonetisation level, jajodia said.
the income tax department has been levying 1 per cent tax collected at source (tcs) on cash purchase of bullion in excess of rs 2 lakh and jewellery in excess of rs 5 lakh since july 1, 2012 and there has been no change in that position.
however, finance minister arunjaitley in his budget 2016-17, had imposed tcs of one per cent on goods and services purchased in cash in excess of rs 2 lakh.
as we slowly limp back to economic revival and remonetise our country we should not put disincentives to curb spending, jajodia said, adding that full and fast re-monetisation should be top priority for revival of economic sentiments and creation of employment.
we are reeling under a huge lack of industrial demand, the assocham president said, adding that incentives for investment into manufacturing, it, infrastructure and other core industrial sectors would create employment for the youth.
the realty sector is a very big employment generator.
if the realty sector is not revived then we would pose a huge threat to employment generation, he said.
observing that government officials at all levels should be made accountable for their actions, jajodia, however, said that despite the new rbi guidelines, banks are wary of taking hard decisions in terms of debt restructuring for fear of coming under the investigative scanner.
besides, the negative narrative is harming the industry, banks and the economy.
a clear distinction should be made between a malafide decision and a commercial decision going wrong, he said, referring the huge pile of bad loans or npas.
he said the major challenges before policymakers include addressing the non-performing assets (npas) issue for the public sector banks, de-leveraging of corporate india and strengthening the growth path for exports.
besides, he said, even though signals of protectionism are emerging from the new us administration, india needs to work closely with the us government, the congress, the senators and the american corporations to drive home the point that the indian industry, including it, have been a great contributor to the us economy and employment generation for the local americans.
finance minister arunjaitley before presenting the union budget 2018 at the parliament (express photo/neeraj priyadarshi) finance minister arunjaitley before presenting the union budget 2018 at the parliament (express photo/neeraj priyadarshi)the budget for 2018, at its core, re-enacts a familiar tension of indian policymaking.
on the one hand, it reassuringly tries to respond to genuine democratic pressure and economic need.
addressing rural distress, the crisis in agriculture and the appalling deficits in healthcare coverage are not populist measures.
these are economic imperatives.
healthcare is, in no small measure, responsible for the fall into poverty.
and the income uncertainty of farmers is too big an issue to ignore.
but on the other hand, more alarmingly, the budget still leaves open the question of whether india has a coherent economic framework, an institutional architecture that can deliver on these promises.
and there is a danger that even its appealing promises are running on empty since the fiscal allocations dont quite match the costs.
in a sense, the budget tries to navigate three tensions.
the first is the rural-urban tension.
this budget is a belated recognition on the governments part that its framework for economic development had severe limitations.
for one thing, as harish damodaran has eloquently argued in this paper, the agrarian crisis was in part a product of government policy: demonetisation, monetary conditions, commitment to low food prices, and agriculture trade policy all adversely affected farmers.
so, a correction was long overdue.
after the close call in gujarat, it would be the height of political obtuseness to not respond to this political imperative.
some of the institutional reforms and financing mechanisms for investment in agriculture being proposed have promise.
but the commitment to increased msp support for crops seems not to be adequately matched by budgetary outlays.
but it is striking that in agriculture, a government in its fourth year in office is banking on promise rather than achievement.
the second tension is the one between public and private, especially in the social sector.
both in health and education, the government is making architectural changes without inspiring confidence that the institutional designs are better than the old ones.
for instance, in higher education, funding iits through soft loans via the higher education funding agency (hefa) and project-based financing rather than grants, is misguided.
much of the investment promised so far has not materialised.
public universities across the country are being ground to dust.
it is not clear that this combination of incentive-based financing and non-existent investment is a recipe for education reform.
the poverty of institutional imagination is signalled by the fact that artificial intelligence initiatives will be parked with the niti aayog.
read | budget 2018 explained: arunjaitley budget has no creative incrementalism on showthe normative aspiration behind the health insurance scheme to cover 10 crore families for up to rs 5 lakh a year is admirable.
it is an extraordinary gesture and one hopes something like this succeeds.
it also testifies to narendra modis capacity for thinking of big schemes that can change the narrative.
but it is worth thinking about what this scheme might mean.
it is now irrevocably committing india to a united states-type insurance-driven healthcare system.
while there can be no disputing the need for universal health coverage, committing india to an architecture of delivery without serious forethought is folly.
the available evidence on the rashtriya swasthya bima yojana (rsby) and other state insurance schemes is not reassuring, both on cost and service.
again, there is no sustainable financial roadmap for such a scheme.
the good thing is that health is now becoming a political imperative, but we are still sleepwalking into delivery architectures without serious regulatory capacity.
the tension between the promise of public investment and the architecture of the state is manifest in other areas.
public investment in infrastructure has energised some sectors.
but in others, like smart cities, the gap between committed outlays and actual utilisation is quite wide.
the budget speech was perhaps wisely taciturn in not trumpeting the results of past commitments of this government to investment too loudly.
the third tension is between davos man and make in india.
make in india has, to put it mildly, been a non-starter.
in some ways, this budget is an acknowledgement of the tension between the loud commitment to openness and the hard realities of industrial policy.
for the first time, we are beginning to reverse commitments to lowering customs duties.
we will let people who understand how supply chains work figure out the effectiveness of these measures.
but there is no doubt, as the finance minister himself signalled, this is a special moment.
we officially signalled a minor reversal in globalisation.
and we also potentially signalled a new political economy of customs and tariffs, where there will now be constant jostling over which sectors get these concessions.
so davos man will finally be returning to our pre-1991 roots.
some may argue this is not all bad, but it is a wake-up call that we have clear choices to make.
but the biggest disappointment in the budget is this.
the upa left a horrendous institutional tangle.
but as the economic survey pointed out, private investment is picking up only tepidly, gross capital formation slowed down for much of the duration of this government.
much of what needs to be done to revive this is off-budget.
but the budget does not indicate how this elephant in the room will be tackled.
it should be a sobering call that even after four years of this government, there is more the feel of a crisis budget, than a new vision boldly taken forward.
the budget proves if you try to be all things to all people, at some point reality will come back to bite.
it is sobering that the budget recognises that.
but it is not entirely reassuring that it is still bluffing its way out on the three tensions  rural vs urban, public vs private, and global vs indian.
it has no coherent framework around any of them.
with inflation rearing its head, oil prices rising, political uncertainty increasing, you might say that this government also frittered away opportunities.
with the rajasthan by-elections, in a small way, signalling the possibility of a churn, 2018 will be interesting indeed.
the most credible thing about the budget was the government acknowledging its own nervousness.
finance minister arun jaitley.
express photo by renuka puri finance minister arun jaitley.
ninety-eight per cent of the adult population have aadhaar.
the minister said there have been instances of people using as many as five different pan cards to evade taxes.
since biometrics and iris information is also stored in aadhaar, it will become much (more) difficult for people to evade the tax net, he said.
the bill had 40 official amendments, including the one on reducing the cap on cash transactions from rs 3 lakh to rs 2 lakh  effective april 1.
we have kept a provision that a person who does not have aadhaar can say i have applied for aadhaar.
we cant allow people to say i will not make aadhaar, but through multiple pan cards will continue to evade taxes, he said.
bhartruhari mahtab (bjd) said the supreme court had said in september last year that aadhaar is not mandatory and wanted to know whether the government was forcing people to get it.
yes, we are, arunjaitley replied.
if the technology, which has a network of 108 crore people and all taxpaying households have it, and they give it along with their itr (income tax returns), then the scope for fraud and tax evasion comes down.
bjd members staged a walkout over the aadhaar issue.
congress mps walked out since the government gave no commitment on waiving farm loans.
prime minister narendra modi was present in the house during the passage of the bill.
around 18 lakh big depositors have been found whose income does not match with the amounts they have deposited.
they have been mailed and smsed, seeking explanation.
around 8.
71 lakh have replied, he said.
he said action will definitely be taken under sections of i-t act on the remaining 9.
29 lakh who have not replied to the queries.
jaitley said the cap on cash transactions is being reduced to curb generation of black money and the move to introduce electoral bonds is to cleanse political funding.
drawing congress leader mallikarjun kharges attention,jaitley said, the move is not about any specific party.
we want the congress and all other parties to give us suggestion in a formal way.
we will (then) consider them while formulating the electoral bond scheme, because the issue cuts across political lines.
b'the seized gold was valued at rs 25 crore as per current market rates, they said.
(representational image) the seized gold was valued at rs 25 crore as per current market rates, they said.
(representational image)gold worth at least rs 25 crore seized from smugglers has mysteriously disappeared from customs vaults at indira gandhi international airport in new delhi, prompting the authorities to order a cbi probe.
a huge haul of over 80 kg gold, both in form of bullion and jewellery, has gone missing in the last four years from the customs warehouse.
in all the cases, it was replaced with non-precious yellow-coloured metal, official sources said.
the seized gold was valued at rs 25 crore as per current market rates, they said.
the cases of disappearance of gold had earlier been reported to delhi police.
as the pilferage continued, the finance ministry decided to recommend a cbi probe following approval of finance minister arunjaitley , official sources said.
the cbi has been asked to register a preliminary enquiry (pe) into the matter and find out as to how the gold was replaced with the non-precious metal inside the heavily guarded vault, they said.
the cases of missing gold related to period between 2012 and june this year.
the vigilance wing of the finance ministry is also looking into the suspected role of customs officials, they said.
earlier, replying to an rti query filed by pti, the delhi customs had said over 23 kg of gold worth more than rs six crore had gone missing from its warehouse.
in june last year, the customs officials had lodged an fir in connection with disappearance of 11 kg of gold worth rs 2.
92 crore from its vault.
the gold was seized in five incidents from passengers at the international airport.
another case was registered in 2014 to probe similar instances of theft.
similar cases were also reported to the delhi police on january 16, 20, april 30 and december 23, 2014 in which gold worth lakhs of rupees was replaced by a yellow metal.
an fir was registered in june this year by delhi police on the complaint of customs officials who said two gold chains and bangles, together weighing 298 gm, valued at about rs 8.
83 lakh, were replaced with yellow coloured non-precious metal.
the incident came to light when packets containing 1.
27 kg gold, including the stolen gold chains and bangles, duly sealed at the instance of a court, were opened by the customs officials before a departmental committee as part of inventorisation proceedings.
congress leader digvijaya singh with luizinho faleiro at congress house in panjim.
express photo/ nirmal harindran congress leader digvijaya singh with luizinho faleiro at congress house in panjim.
express photo/ nirmal harindranwhile the congress leadership in the national capital remained busy with alleged constitutional impropriety of goa governor mridula sinha both in the house and outside it, and urged president pranab mukherjee to dismiss her for dereliction of duty, in goa, the hurt still fresh, party mlas are now deciding for themselves.
having already expressed displeasure over the manner in which the congress central leadership delayed sending a letter staking a claim, luizinho faleiro, the partys goa unit president and mla from navelim segment, on friday blamed digvijaya singh for the failure.
stating that they were ready to go to the governors house after the results were announced, faleiro, a former cm, said, our general secretary (singh) said there was no need to give a letter, because, as the single largest party, the governor would call us.
senior congress mlas have now decided to keep the doors open to any mla who wants to join congress.
a senior party leader (name withheld on request) said, the calls are still fresh.
if the bjp can play dirty, we have decided so can we.
we have decided in a meeting today that we are willing to give even the chief ministers seat if we manage the numbers.
some bjp mlas (are) upset with majority of seats in the cabinet being given to non-bjp mlas, (and) have started calling us.
the leader confirmed that digambar kamat and pratapsingh rane were vocal about the delay in joining hands with vijay sardesai of the goa forward party, which they believe cost the party dear.
bjp state president vinay tendulkar on friday filed a complaint at panaji police station against congress leader girish chodankar for making defamatory statements against the bjp, and accusing it of corrupt practices to form the government.
earlier in the day, manohar parrikar stressed that the coalition government is very much functional.
following his first cabinet meeting, parrikar called the budget and immediate allocation a priority for his government, and said that ministries will be in place by monday.
in delhi, the congress mentioned goa governor sinhas interview to a newspaper, which had quoted her saying that she had consulted finance minister arunjaitley before inviting the bjp, to seek her dismissal.
we urge the president to exercise his powers under article 156 (1) and immediately dismiss the governor of goa for abdicating her constitutional responsibilities and oath of secrecy, congress leader pratap singh bajwa said.
he also said that prime minister narendra modi should act against arunjaitley for having purportedly advised sinha on government formation, a subject not in his ambit of power and responsibilities.
union budget 2018: finance minister arunjaitley on his arrival in parliament.
(express photo by renuka puri/file) union budget 2018: finance minister arunjaitley on his arrival in parliament.
(express photo by renuka puri/file)until about four decades ago, specialist healthcare (secondary and tertiary care) was largely a province of public hospitals, and the private sector largely kept itself to the provision of generalist healthcare.
this underwent a transformation with the rise of the advanced medical interventions comprising tertiary-care medicine like organ transplantation and open heart surgery.
given these highly-profitable medical advances, the private sector quickly turned its attention to tertiary care.
with little being done to erect a robust public health infrastructure that could make healthcare available regardless of ones ability to pay, highly-priced sophisticated medical interventions kept pushing into the indian healthcare scenario.
this has evolved into an entrenched characteristic of modern indian healthcare.
a glimmer of hope was kindled by the union budget 2018-19 hailing the concept of health protection, only to be met with a set of dismaying figures.
with the national health policy (nhp) 2017 seeking to double government spending on healthcare from 1.
15 per cent to 2.
5 per cent of gdp by 2025, a 20 per cent increase in allocation year-on-year is necessitated for 7-8 years to attain the objective.
the budget, however, has kept this to a meagre 5 per cent increase over the revised estimate of 2017-18.
how, then, does it plan to achieve extensive health protection?
it does so by banking on a publicly-funded insurance scheme to cater to the secondary and tertiary care needs of about 40 per cent of the population delivered largely through private hospitals, thus confirming the bias towards privately delivered specialist healthcare.
the insurance sum of rs 5 lakh per family per year under the national health protection scheme (nhps) appears to be unrealistically aspirational considering its 2016 iteration, which allocated rs 1 lakh per family per year, is yet to take off.
publicly-funded health insurance through private hospitals is by itself no bad move, since it can significantly increase access to quality secondary and tertiary care and reduce the burden of hospital expenses.
however, as a means of achieving universal health protection, it is likely to be highly inept and saddled with compromises.
if the lack of sufficient practical precedent isnt enough, the idea appears to be untenable even in theory.
a strong primary care system is vital to achieving universal health coverage.
it is futile to expect private entities to be interested in assuming a prominent role in primary-care provision, which is a much less rewarding enterprise than tertiary care.
this certainly cannot go unappreciated by the finance minister, who therefore slides in secondary and tertiary care hospitalisation along with health protection under the nhps.
even the biggest incentives are unlikely to succeed in persuading private entities to venture into rural areas, which would still prefer to concentrate on urban pockets.
experience from chhattisgarh, which has the chief ministers health insurance scheme in addition to the nhps, attests to this.
with such a colossal publicly-funded insurance scheme in place, one could expect the practice of over- and unnecessary prescription and treatment to receive a major boost, unless adequate mechanisms to check the same exist.
there are evaluations that establish how the rashtriya swasthya bima yojana (rsby) has largely failed not only in substantially improving access to health services for the poor but also in reducing out-of-pocket expenditure, which stands at around 69 per cent today (nearly 71 per cent of which is on medicine).
this is because such schemes are directed to address in-patient care needs, leaving out-patient needs unattended.
to be able to attach some meaning to the concept of health protection, a focus on primary care is imperative.
all the current budget has to offer to primary care is a sum of rs 1,500 crore for transforming 1.
5 lakh sub-centres.
since the adequacy of this sum is anybodys guess, the fm invited private and philanthropic entities to adopt these sub-centres.
on the one hand, the budget proposes a colossal health insurance scheme to cover specialist care expenses delivered largely through, and consistent with the interests of, the private sector.
on the other, it allocates a grossly inadequate sum for primary healthcare and comfortably leaves the rest to the willingness of private entities.
in a country where primary care still remains the central need of most of the population, and where the slightest of out-of-pocket expense can be a significant deterrent in accessing health services, market forces, whose interests remain attached expensive specialist healthcare, are no answer to universal health coverage.
this long-standing trend of unduly favouring specialist care over generalist care and private over public healthcare, has to go for universal health care to become a reality.
admission to engineering colleges across the country will soon be conducted through a single entrance exam similar to the national eligibility-cum-entrance test (neet) for medical admissions.
the all india council for technical education (aicte) on tuesday passed a regulation to conduct a national-level common engineering entrance exam from the academic year 2018, amid opposition from representatives of west bengal and tamil nadu government.
watch what else is making newsthe regulation was among a series of decisions taken by the aicte to overhaul the engineering education system.
the aicte, that governs all technical institutes, had convened a meeting with states in new delhi to discuss the details of the regulation.
the common entrance exam was welcomed by all states, except tamil nadu and west bengal.
the regulation was drafted and passed at the behest of the hrd ministry, which had asked the aicte in february to make an exam on the lines of neet mandatory for admissions to btech courses.
according to government sources, the national testing service (nts)  announced by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech  will be tasked with conducting the common entrance test more than once a year.
the iits may be the only exception and continue admitting students through its joint entrance examination (advanced).
the aicte is confident that states opposing the regulations will relent as the supreme court has passed a verdict in favour of national tests for admission to medical and dental colleges.
among other reforms, the regulatory body has decided that the curriculum for engineering courses will be revised once a year instead of once in five years, as is the practice now.
addressing the issue of the increasing number of vacant seats in engineering colleges, the aicte has asked states to submit a 10-year perspective plan for engineering courses.
engineering students will also go through a two-month induction programme at the beginning of their course and finish it with a skilling programme.
the latter is aimed at bridging the gap between industry requirements and the students vocation.
there have been reports coming in from different parts of the country about people being frustrated with shortage of cash at the branches, leading to scuffles with bank staff and rioting at some points.
(source: pti) there have been reports coming in from different parts of the country about people being frustrated with shortage of cash at the branches, leading to scuffles with bank staff and rioting at some points.
(source: pti)cash-starved people got some respite as queues at bank branches to get valid notes have shortened and about 40 per cent of total atms have started dispensing new rs 500 and rs 2,000 notes.
however, the situation in rural and semi-urban areas is not as good as urban areas and metros.
the branches in rural and semi-urban cities are still facing shortage of cash.
families where marriages are due are making a beeline for branches to withdraw rs 2.
5 lakh as rbi came out with detailed operational guidelines.
watch what else is making newswedding card, copies of advance payments made for booking marriage hall and caterers are required for withdrawing rs 2.
5 lakh from own accounts, as per stringent conditions imposed by rbi.
there have been reports coming in from different parts of the country about people being frustrated with shortage of cash at the branches, leading to scuffles with bank staff and rioting at some points.
bankers say the restiction imposed for exchange has led to shortening of queues.
besides, screening of customers by putting indelible ink mark also cut down the size of waiting queues.
meanwhile, increasing recalibration of atms is also easing pressure on bank branches.
so far, about 40 per cent of 2.
2 lakh atms have been recalibrated to dispense rs 500 and rs 2,000 notes.
with the recalibration, the capacity of atms has increased to about rs 50 lakh from just rs 5-6 lakh with just rs 100 notes.
as far as rural india is concerned, farmers are facing cash deficit at the time rabi crop is being sown.
ditto is the case for buying seed, fertilizers and other inputs.
as part of providing some succour to cash-starved farmers, the government yesterday permitted farmers to use old rs 500 notes for purchasing seeds from any state or central government outlets and agri universities.
this is in addition to the decision taken earlier for making cash available with the farmers by permitting them to draw up to rs 25,000 per week from their kyc compliant accounts subject to the normal loan limits and conditions.
union finance minister arunjaitley is cpunting on support from regional parties to pass the gst bill.
(pti photo) union finance minister arunjaitley is cpunting on support from regional parties to pass the gst bill.
(pti photo)ahead of the gst test in rajya sabha, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday met bihar chief minister and jdu leader nitish kumar and is likely to court senior leadership of andhra pradesh and telengana parties  tdp and trs  this weekend.
jaitley, who is counting on support of regional parties for passage for the constitutional amendment bill on goods and services tax (gst), met kumar in parliament house in new delhi.
gst and support for government stand against congress demand for a constitutional cap on the tax rate figured in the discussions, official sources said.
watch video: whats making newskumar, they said, supported government stand that tax rate should not be mentioned in the bill and the decision should be left to the gst council.
also figured in discussions was bihar governments demand for release of backward region grant for the state.
the government, which has agreed to a five hour debate on the gst bill in the rajya sabha, is keen to get the law passed during the current monsoon session of parliament that ends on august 12.
jaitley, sources said, will visit hyderabad this weekend and is likely to meet tdp leaders and andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu and trs supremo and telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao.
tdp has six members in the 247 member house, while trs has three.
jdu has 10 members in a house where the ruling nda does not have a majority.
congress with 60 members is the single largest party in rajya sabha.
bjp has 53 members.
the congress, which originally mooted the gst in 2009 to replace all indirect taxes, has been demanding that the overall rate be capped at 18 per cent and scrapping of an additional 1 per cent tax designed to compensate manufacturing states that fear losing revenue.
gst bill, which intends to convert 29 states into a single market through a new indirect tax regime, was earlier planned to be introduced from april 1 this year, but the deadline was missed as the bill to roll it out remains in a limbo in the opposition-dominated rajya sabha.
after parliament approves the constitutional amendment to allow gst, it needs to be ratified by more than half of the states.
then, parliament must pass another bill to implement gst.
after the constitution amendment bill is passed in parliament, there are three more legislations  central gst (cgst), state gst (sgst) and integrated gst (igst)  which are required to be passed.
the gst bill, which will help create a single national sales tax to replace several state and central levies, has already been approved by the lok sabha and is pending in the upper house.
on monday, after finance minister arunjaitley address to the rbi board on the interim budget, governor shaktikanta das said that the central bank would discuss the issue of transmission of rates with banks this week.
it has been over 10 days since the repo rate was cut by 25 basis points.
the rbi appears concerned that credit flow has not been broadbased.
advertisingthe move to nudge banks to lower rates comes at a time when the latest data from the central statistics office shows annual consumer price index (cpi) inflation to have touched a 19-month-low of 2.
05 per cent, which is half of the rbi target.
while the decline is largely on account of food inflation  which has now been negative for four successive months  it has, nevertheless, fueled expectations of the rbi effecting yet another cut in its benchmark repo or overnight lending rate.
most market players and analysts are not ruling out a fresh 0.
25 percentage point reduction in april, before the coming lok sabha election.
the possibility of further monetary easing has been reinforced by the release of the latest industrial production data for december, which shows a year-on-year growth of just 2.
4 per cent.
the overall trajectory of inflation in india forcing even an otherwise conservative rbi to reassess demand conditions in the economy comes at a time when global policymakers, too, are reviewing their earlier monetary policy normalisation stance in the face of a slowdown in china and europe.
until late last year, the bets were on the us federal reserve raising rates at least a couple of times this year.
but the chairman of the worlds most powerful central bank, jerome powell, has signaled that the fed will now be patient when it comes to raising rates, after looking at headwinds to growth in major economies.
even the imf, which, just over a year ago, talked of a synchronised global growth recovery, has warned of a bumpy road ahead.
simply put, india may well enter the election season with low inflation (more so, in food) and falling interest rates, apart from a strong rupee and stable global crude prices (which were both worries only four months ago).
this should ordinarily be good news for a ruling party.
but when low or negative food inflation is also synonymous with agrarian distress and the rbi and, in turn, banks being under pressure to slash interest rates (despite fiscal slippages on the part of the centre as well as states) a sign of weak growth, investment and job conditions, matters become more complex.
in the past, staying the course on macroeconomic stability has always proved beneficial for the indian economy.
there is no reason to assume otherwise in todays uncertain times.
b'rahul gandhi at the 84th congress plenary session in new delhi on sunday.
rahul gandhi at the 84th congress plenary session in new delhi on sunday.
congress president rahul gandhi in his address to the congress 84th plenary session on sunday launched a scathing attack against prime minister narendra modi, the bjp and his nda government but admitted that the last upa government fell short of peoples expectations.
earlier on the third day of congresss 84th plenary session in new delhi, former prime minister manmohan singh took a dig at the ruling bharatiya janata party-led nda government and accused it of messing up the economy as well as mismanaging jammu and kashmir.
senior congress leaders such as former finance minister p chidambaram and anand sharma also joined singh in their criticisms of the bjp governments economic and foreign policy, among other things.
this is the first plenary session of the party after rahul gandhis elevation as aicc president.
gandhi, in his address, said that the congress was the voice of a nation while the bjp was the voice of an organisation.
speaking about the current numbers enjoyed by bjp in the countrys parliaments and legislatures, gandhi compared the bjp and congress to the kauravas and pandavas, respectively, from the epic mahabharata.
centuries ago, there was huge battle on the field of kurukshetra.
the kauravas were powerful and arrogant.
the pandavas were humble and fought for the truth.
like the kauravas, the bjp and the rss are designed to fight for power, like the pandavas, congress is designed to fight for truth.
will india live a lie or will india have the courage to face the truth?
today, the corrupt and powerful control the conversation in the country, gandhi said.
congress plenary session live updatesadmitting the shortcomings of his partys previous government at the centre, he said, i dont say it with happiness but the last govt we formed did not stand up to the expectations of the people.
the people of the country were let down by us.
however, the congress chief kept his speech focussed on the theme of truth and justice while touching upon issues like gst.
the pm diverts our attention and jumps from one event to another from gabbar singh tax (a dig at the goods and services tax) to yoga in parliament but never talks about the issues.
but, the congress cannot be stopped from seeking the truth and justice, he said.
gandhis speech also touched minority issues, belongingness, linguistic nationalisism and hypernationalism while suggesting these issues are pushed by a certain group.
they tell muslims of india who never went to pakistan and supported this great nation that you dont belong here.
they tell the tamils change your beautiful language, they tell people of northeast we dont like what you eat, tell women to dress properly.
in what could arguably be one of his most direct attacks on pm modi and bjp president amit shah, he said: what does modi actually mean?
the name modi symbolises the collusion between indias biggest crony capitalists and the prime minister of india.
they (people) will accept a man accused of murder as the president of the bjp, but they will never ever accept the same in the congress party because they hold congress in the highest regard.
congress will take the country forward, but we are humans, we make mistakes.
modi ji thinks he is not human but an incarnation of god.
the killings of journalish gauri lankesh and rationalist scholar and teacher mm kalburgi was a matter of concern raised by the congress president.
they told gauri lankesh and kalburgi, question s and you will die.
they tell our honest businessmen to shut up and allow corrupt officers to extort their hard-earned money.
they tell our farmers to work for nothing.
one of the biggest criticisms of the congress party in recent years has been the disconnect between leaders and party workers.
gandhi said that he intends to tackle this problem promptly with a structural change in the party.
we have to change congress.
there is a wall between our leaders and workers.
my first task will be to break that wall.
i will consult senior leaders to destroy that wall with love, he said.
hitting out at finance minister arunjaitley and raising the vast number of financial frauds in the country, gandhi said, you can steal rs 33,000 crore from the banks and the bjp government will protect you.
finance minister will go silent because he and his daughter work for crony capitalists.
raising the recent supreme courts institutional crisis and claiming there was a general environment of intimidation at large, gandhi said, bjp has spread fear.
people from press are scared, for the first time we saw four supreme court judges running to the public for justice.
there is a difference between the rss and congress, we respect the countrys institutions whereas they want to finish them.
they only want one institution, that is rss.
during his address in the plenary, singh laid out his criticism of the modi government.
describing the demonetisation decision as ill-considered and gst rollout as hastily implemented, singh said, the bjp-led government messed up the indian economy.
the ill-considered demonetisation and hastily implemented gst have destroyed small scale enterprises.
chidambaram presented the partys economic resolution in the conclave invoking his and sonia gandhis long association and service to the party.
many thought i would not stand here to speak to you, present economic resolution.
but i am here because i draw my strength from each one of you.
there is a steel instilled in me from 45 years of my association with the congress.
i have seen sonia gandhi leading party 20 years and that helped the steel in me to grow.
the current phase of economic growth started in 1990s when rajiv gandhi sowed seeds of liberalisation.
this gained momentum under dr manmohan singh.
whatever the bjp, the nda may say, records speak for itself.
chidambarams words resonated with singh when he said that there cannot be a greater lie than demonetisation.
discrediting the note-ban move, he also slammed rbi officials for their failure in counting the returned currency on time and in a satirical comment said they should take help from the hundi collectors in tirupati to count faster.
speaking on jammu and kashmir, the former pm said the government of the day had mismanaged the issue like never before and the states atmosphere was deteriorating day by day.
congress plenary session: projecting younger face, congress takes a step closer to alliancesthe former pm, who was responsible for indias economic liberalisation in the 1990s, dismissed modi governments policies regarding job creation and doubling of farmers income.
when modi ji was campaigning he made lots of tall promises, those promises have not been fulfilled.
he said we will provide 2 crore jobs, we have not seen even 2 lakh jobs.
modi said farmers income will be doubled in 6 years; it is a jumla-type statement unlikely to be achieved, he said.
listing out the achievements of his upa government, chidambaram said that it was only the congress party that could bring india out of the prevalent economic crisis.
only congress party can take the country out of the economic crisis.
i am saying this not because of arrogance, but because we have done it before and can do it again.
its the biggest achievement of dr manmohan singh that 14 crore people were listed out of poverty.
bjp govt pushed people into poverty.
the number of people below poverty line went up.
its the greatest disservice bjp govt did to the people of india, chidambaram said, adding the modi govt inherited a strong economy.
the task of development has to be continued by future generations.
however, today, the indian economy is decoupled from the world economy which is growing.
singh, on the other hand, iterated that the congress-led upa governments had achieved a lot under the guidance of then party president sonia gandhi and said that the plenary session will lay down the future roadmap for the country and the congress party will play a historic role in the same.
chidambaram told party members that under the new leadership and with the help of allies, it will come back to power.
spread the word that a new young dynamic leadership has taken over the congress party.
we will come back to power with friends and allies, he said.
the theme of the plenary session is waqt hai badlav ka (its time for change) indicating the parties resolve to back the shift heralded under the leadership of new president rahul gandhi.
senior party leader anand sharma, who addressed the gathering earlier in the day, said the narendra modi-led central government had disrupted indias foreign policy and made it a divisive policy.
in the last four years, they have made this a divisive policy.
they have pursued this in a cavalier manner.
it is a matter of concern that we have mismanaged our relations with major world capitals, major strategic partners, and our neighbours.
meanwhile, on saturday, former party president sonia gandhi reminded party workers how the congress had opened the door to alliances earlier to defeat the nda.
the plenary session also adopted a political resolution calling for a pragmatic approach for cooperation with all like-minded parties and a common workable programme against the bjp in the 2019 elections.
besides, the congress had sent out another clear change: of a generational shift at the top to mark rahul gandhi taking over the reins.
the theme of the plenary is waqt hai badlav ka (its time for change).
senior party leaders, in the presence of the high command, talked about infighting and how its congressmen who defeat the congress, while young leaders of the party shared the podium at the indira gandhi indoor stadium in delhi.
b'primne minister narendra modi .
express photo by neeraj priyadarshi primne minister narendra modi .
express photo by neeraj priyadarshiciting privacy reasons, the university of delhi (du) has rejected another right to information query seeking information about prime minister narendra modis degree.
the rti query was filed by delhi-based lawyer mohd irsad.
du, as a matter of policy, seeks to maintain the privacy of every student as it holds the data pertaining to a student in a fiduciary relationship with the student concerned, the rti response from the university read.
the refusal of the university to disclose the information related to modis degree has raked up the controversy.
aam aadmi party (aap) leader arvind kejriwal, who had alleged that modis degrees were fake, said that the university cannot reject the information.
watch video: whats making newsthis deepens the mystery around pms degree.
if du feels that it is private info, then under rti act, du shud write to pm and seek his permission.
du cant reject, tweeted the delhi chief minister.
in april, kejriwal wrote to the central information commission (cic) to make public the details of modis educational qualifications.
following kejriwals letter, the cic asked the du to make the degrees public.
in an attempt to rest the controversy, bharatiya janata party president amit shah and union finance minister arunjaitley had called a press conference to reveal the degrees of modi.
however, the aap alleged that the degrees provided by shah and arunjaitley were fake.
what?
but why?
didnt amit shah n arunjaitley ji say that degree was genuine and anyone cud take it from du?
kejriwal said in another tweet on sunday.
b'prime minister narendra modi at a function in noida to lay the foundation stone for meerut expressway.
(source: express photo by prem nath pandey) prime minister narendra modi at a function in noida to lay the foundation stone for meerut expressway.
(source: express photo by prem nath pandey)accusing the congress of paralysing parliament, prime minister narendra modi thursday appealed to the opposition to make a new year resolution to let the house function for the development of the country.
we are trying to take measures for the poor there are certain archaic laws that need to be changed.
but parliament is not being allowed to function tomorrow is january 1.
i request them to make a resolution that they will let parliament function and not pose hurdles for development of the country, modi said while laying the foundation stone of a 14-lane delhi-dasna-meerut expressway in noida sector 62.
taking on those who have been rejected by the people, the prime minister said political parties should not seize parliament for their own political reasons as it is our responsibility towards those who have elected us.
i am not getting the opportunity to speak in lok sabha, so am appealing in the jan sabha those who have ruled for 50-60 years, they know what is the responsibility of parliament they have more responsibility, he said.
in the winter session that just ended, the government could not get key legislation passed, including the goods and services tax bill due to disruption in the house on issues ranging from the national herald case to alleged irregularities in the delhi and district cricket association which was once headed by finance minister arun jaitley.
urging chief ministers to do away with the practice of conducting interviews for class iii and class iv jobs, modi said the centre is implementing the decision from tomorrow as a new year gift for youths of the country.
he also urged uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav to abolish interviews in these categories so that youths of the state get jobs on the basis of merit.
praising the efforts of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee, who started the golden quadrilateral roads project, modi said the proposed delhi-dasna-meerut expressway will spur development in western uttar pradesh and will lead to promotion of weekend tourism in several adjoining areas.
the proposed expressway, which will cost over rs 7,500 crore, will bring down travel time between delhi and meerut to 45 minutes from the current 3-4 hours, paving the way for what he called a pollution-free future.
elaborating on the benefits western up is likely to reap, the prime minister said the highway project will expedite economic development in the region with satellite townships developing along the expressway.
dehradun, he said, will also benefit from the expressway as it will provide fast connectivity without any bottlenecks on nh 24.
the government, modi said, is working on all-weather roads in haridwar, rishikesh, badrinath, kedarnath and yamunotri in uttarakhand.
it is also working on a highway project to reduce travel time between delhi and dehradun to about three hours.
b'what are the key issues in the farm sector and what can the fm and his team do in a years time?
in brief, farmers are under severe stress, with profitability in farming falling alarmingly.
what are the key issues in the farm sector and what can the fm and his team do in a years time?
in brief, farmers are under severe stress, with profitability in farming falling alarmingly.
finance minister arunjaitley and his team are beginning pre-budget consultations with various stakeholders for the upcoming fy17 budget.
generally, the consultations start with agriculture, slated for january 4.
its good practice and courteous to invite farm experts and farmers representatives.
often, one finds these meetings full of anguish on the farmers side, while sometimes very sanguine suggestions also come from farm experts.
but no more than 5 per cent of these suggestions are ever reflected in the budget.
would this year be very different?
what are the key issues in the farm sector and what can the fm and his team do in a years time?
in brief, farmers are under severe stress, with profitability in farming falling alarmingly.
the bjp manifesto had promised to raise profitability levels in agriculture to 50 per cent above costs, when these were hovering around 20-30 per cent in most crops during the upas terminal years.
but the reality now is that profitability has plummeted to less than 5 per cent in major crops, and is negative for others.
the high hopes that farmers had of the nda government are fast dissipating.
consequences of this should be clear from the panchayat election results in gujarat, where the bjp lost almost 75 per cent of the seats.
the writing is already on the wall, and if ignored, the next casualty may be punjab, where farmers are already up in arms.
the fm should visit amritsar, the constituency he unsuccessfully contested from in 2014, and talk to basmati farmers.
he will know whats happening on the ground.
its not just basmati or common rice.
you talk to cotton farmers from punjab to gujarat, and they are in serious trouble.
so are sugarcane farmers in up and maharashtra.
its all-pervading gloom in agriculture today.
back-to-back droughts and tumbling commodity prices (except perhaps tur dal) have already broken farmers backs.
its time the centre paid heed to farming policies.
the prime minister is now exhorting the bureaucracy to make transformational changes in policies and programmes, since he realises piecemeal changes will not take his government far.
but transformational changes were already suggested last year by the shanta kumar panel for food and fertiliser subsidies and restructuring the food corporation of indias role.
the key recommendations were to move towards cash transfers and outsource much of the storage functions to the private sector.
if these suggestions were implemented in earnest, one could have plugged massive leakages in the pds, saved large resources that could have been ploughed back into irrigation, raised productivity and moved towards better drought-proofing.
although the pm and fm have received positive responses to dbts, and have tasted success in cooking gas, it requires a bolder effort and courage to convert food and fertiliser subsidies to dbts.
thats been missing so far.
food management remains in a shambles, with high levels of inefficiency and leakage.
the fci is demoralised due to mounting arrears that have crossed rs 70,000 crore.
the fertiliser industry is now almost sick, with no major fresh investments.
production is stagnating and imports rising.
the reason, again, is high and unpaid bills, crossing rs 40,000 crore.
the budgetary allocation for these two subsidies hovers around rs 2,00,000 crore.
another rs 1,10,000 crore remains under the carpet as unpaid bills.
the fm should be transparent in bringing this total of rs 3,10,000 crore into the budget as explicit subsidies.
he should then see where the fiscal deficit actually stands.
the pm and fm also talk of financial inclusion as the central policy pillar of their transformational strategy.
the jan dhan yojana was great in opening accounts.
but if half of those accounts dont show any transactions, that platform remains underutilised.
its worth leafing through the latest report on financial inclusion by the rbi, which also talks of moving various farm subsidies towards dbt and going for more science-based crop insurance systems.
the existing crop insurance system system isnt serving peasants well.
it needs to be recast.
crop damages need to be assessed in a few days with the help of automatic weather stations (aws), satellites, drones and low-earth orbits (leos).
compensation should be sent directly to farmers accounts, with digitised farm records locked-in with jan dhan accounts, aadhaar and mobile numbers.
the fm and his team know all this.
i had the privilege of making a special presentation to them on this.
i also hear of favourable responses, but progress so far has been very slow.
if these were normal times for the peasantry, it wouldnt have mattered much.
but farmers are under severe stress.
delay not only means heavy political damage but also bad implementation of good policies.
last, water is going to be increasingly critical for drought-proofing indian agriculture.
all sources of irrigation will have to be tapped.
it may be worth noting that the time taken to complete major and medium irrigation schemes funded through the rural infrastructure development fund (ridf, under nabard) is much less than for those funded by the state.
a transformational strategy could be doubling the allocation under the ridf.
agri-market reform is another transformational strategy that the government needs to work on for unifying markets.
theres enough consultation material with the fm to revive agriculture.
what is needed is the courage to implement and to go beyond the courtesy of the consultative process.
union finance minister arun jaitley.
pti photo union finance minister arun jaitley.
the situation is normalising in the urban areas.
in the next few days, the focus will be on rural areas so that farmers have enough funds because this is the rabi sowing season, he told mps.
jaitley spoke in detail about all aspects of the move and said the demonetisation has a direct link the poor, poverty and poverty alleviation.
he said said once the replacement of currency reaches a reasonable level, restrictions will be eased.
the finance minister said the country annually borrows rs 4 to 5 lakh crore and after this move, these funds can be used for public spending on development of rural areas and uplift of poor.
many vvips were present at the wedding of amit shahs son jay with rishita on february 10 in ahmedabad, but there was understandable gloom as the trends of the delhi results became clear.
on the same day in delhi, congress leader t subbarami reddy hosted the wedding reception of his grandson rajiv.
the whos who of the congress, including sonia gandhi, priyanka vadra, manmohan singh, kamal nath, anand sharma and digvijaya singh, attended the function.
the mood, however, was less sombre.
although the congress was annihilated in the elections, its arch rival had been humiliated.
sonia remarked to the cpis d raja that they hadnt met for some time and should get together.
a guest queried shouldnt you all get together?
, referring to the entire anti-bjp political spectrum.
sonia replied, i think so.
a third wedding the same day was of pm narendra modis brother pankaj modis son in vadnagar.
there were no vips there, not even the pm.
no room herethe bad blood between the old guard of the bjp in delhi and the new dispensation was clear from this cryptic conversation between mos for commerce nirmala sitharaman and the one-time unchallenged boss of delhi, 83-year-old vijay kumar malhotra.
sitharaman, who was holding a press conference at the party office, apologised to malhotra: i am sorry, i am taking your room.
i have no room here, malhotra protested.
when asked before the results about the bjps prospects in delhi, his laconic response was, officially, we are going to form the government.
clearly, he had an unofficial view as well.
knives outwithin hours of the delhi election results, bjp leader kirti azad talked of the need for heads to roll in the party.
he was taking a potshot at finance minister arunjaitley , who is on the opposite side of the fence in cricket politics.
besides, the delhi bjp holds arunjaitley responsible for parachuting kiran bedi in as the cm candidate.
in fact, the decision to bring in bedi was taken jointly by amit shah, narendra modi and arunjaitley , with the consent of the rss.
jaitley is a soft target for those who really want to hit out at the modi-shah duo but dare not.
delhi bjp leaders blame the choice of bedi for the shattering defeat, but shah, on the other hand, has a very poor opinion of those in charge of the delhi unit.
he believes the real cause for the defeat was that the state bosses lead a privileged existence which is unconnected with the average delhiite.
he holds a particularly dim view of the partys corporators too who, he thinks, even ignored the pms swachh bharat campaign.
post-rout, bjp organising secretary ram lal has been asked to speak to the delhi contingent.
while media commentators see the vote as a reflection of modis sliding popularity, aap leaders such as ashish khetan made an indirect pitch for votes from modi supporters with the rationale that modi for pm is not in conflict with kejriwal for cm.
clout at homenational security adviser ajit dovals clout in the home ministry is evident from the appointment of rural development secretary l c goyal as home secretary in place of anil goswami, who was removed unceremoniously.
rajnath singh was keen on petroleum secretary saurabh chandra, a up-cadre officer, who had once worked as his principal secretary.
pms principal secretary nripendra misra also reportedly backed chandras appointment.
significantly, doval, goyal and new intelligence bureau chief dineshwar sharma all belong to the kerala cadre.
shorn of propsnon-bjp chief ministers were unhappy at the manner in which the niti aayog meeting was conducted in delhi.
the proceedings were in hindi, and since chief ministers had to leave behind their translators and chief secretaries in the waiting room of the pmo, cms from non-hindi-speaking states had a tough time.
the chief secretaries are convenient reference points for chief ministers who are unfamiliar with the nitty-gritties of their state projects.
one cm even rushed to the waiting room to confer with his chief secretary but the latter had left for the state bhavan.
instead, the state finance secretary provided him a note on the subject, which he read out to the committee.
the only photographer permitted was from the pmo and he simply took pictures of the cms shaking hands with modi.
understandably, the non-bjp cms were not keen that their local newspapers publish photos of them fraternising with modi.
long-pending decisionkiran bedi may have been declared the bjps chief ministerial candidate only last month, but the decision to appoint her was taken nearly three months ago.
in fact, back in november, kiran bedi announced to some television journalists that she was willing to take up the challenge and join politics and lead the bjp.
since there was no official word from the party, tv viewers marvelled at her presumption.
actually, she had already been informally sounded out.
it took a while to formally announce her name in view of the resistance from the delhi unit.
top congress leaders expressed condolences over the demise of former finance minister arunjaitley on saturday.
the 66-year-old was admitted to aiims on august 9 after he complained of breathlessness and restlessness.
he was placed under life support, with a multidisciplinary team of doctors monitoring his condition.
our condolences to his family.
our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief.
remembering his contributions to public life, interim congress president sonia gandhi said, shri arunjaitley had a long innings as a public figure, parliamentarian and minister and his contributions to public life will forever be remembered.
congress president smt.
sonia gandhi shares a condolence message for shri arun jaitley.
pic.
twitter.com/19sea2900u  congress (@incindia) august 24, 2019congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said, saddened to know about the demise of shri arun jaitley.
my deepest condolences to his family.
an astute parliamentarian, hell always be remembered.
may his soul rest in peace.
senior congress leader ahmed patel said, extremely saddened to learn about the demise of arun ji.
in him, the nation has a lost an articulate leader and an excellent human being.
advertisingnoted lawyer and former union minister kapil sibal said he has lost an old friend and a dear colleague in mr jaitley.
very sorry to learn that arunjaitley is no more.
an old friend and a dear colleague will be remembered for his seminal contributions to the polity and as fm of india.
as leader of opposition, he was without a match.
he always stood steadfastly for his friends and for his party, he said.
calling jaitleys death a great loss for the country, congress leader shashi tharoor said, deeply saddened by the tragic passing of my friend delhi univ senior arun jaitley.
we first met when he was at dusu and i was president of st stephens college union.
despite political differences, we enjoyed healthy mutual respect and debated his budget often in ls.
a great loss for india, he tweeted.
former prime minister manmohan singh also expressed his condolences to sangeeta arunjaitley on the passing of former union minister arun jaitley.
an ambassador car fitted with a red beacon.
express photo an ambassador car fitted with a red beacon.
express photosixteen years ago, in the aftermath of the attack on the parliament in 2001, the delhi police, in one of the biggest crackdowns against the unauthorised use of red beacons, prosecuted 205 vehicle owners and drivers between 2001-02 (up to april 15, 2002).
the terrorists gained access to the parliament complex by driving a vehicle fitted with a red beacon.
letter heads of the union home minister were stolen and the signature of his assistant private secretary was forged to illegally authorize the use of red beacon on top of the vehicle.
the five terrorists leapt from the car and fired indiscriminately at the security guards.
as many as six delhi police personnel and two parliamentary security service personnel were killed in the attack.
all the five gunmen were neutralised in the attack.
with the union cabinet on wednesday banning the use of red beacon on vehicles used by the state and central government functionaries, and restricting it to only constitutional office bearers, traffic authorities should now find it easy to nab violators masquerading as vips and vvips in the capital city, delhi.
in accordance to the delhi motor vehicle rules, those found using an unauthorised coloured light on top of their vehicles can be penalised rs 100 if it was their first offence.
under the dmvr 97(2)/177 mv act, a subsequent fine of rs 300 can be levied if the same offence was committed again.
figures available with the delhi traffic police between 2011-15 show that no offences were registered in the first three years (2011-13).
however, 2014 saw ten offenders being brought to the book; the same year saw a change in the government at the centre after the lok sabha election results.
in the following year, the number fell to just 7.
addressing a press conference on wednesday, union minister arunjaitley said that emergency services such as ambulance, fire brigade, police patrol vehicles will be allowed to use blue beacons.
previously, as per rule 97(2) of delhi motor vehicles rule, 1993, coloured lights were permitted for use only on the following vehicles:(a) revolving-cum-flasher red light will be used only by motor vehicles on emergency duties such as ambulances, fire brigade,vehicles of delhi police control room, and such light shall be on top at the middle of the roof.
(b) police patrol vehicles, pilot vehicles, transport department vehicles can use for distinction a blue revolving cum-flasher light placed in front and on the top of the wind screen position.
(c) amber revolving-or-flashing light can be used on vehicles plying at national or international airports in the nct of delhi.
also as per the notification  dated 28-07-2005  issued by the ministry of road transport & highways, only the following dignitaries were permitted to use red light with a flasher: president, vice president, prime minister, former president, deputy prime minister, chief justice of india, speaker of the lok sabha, cabinet ministers of the union, deputy chairman planning commission, former prime ministers, leaders of oppositions in the rajya sabha & lok sabha, judges of the supreme court.
and those who could use the red light without the flasher were: chief election commissioner, comptroller & auditor general of india, deputy chairman rajya sabha, deputy speaker, lok sabha, ministers of state of the union, members of the planning commission, attorney journal of india, cabinet secretary, chiefs of staff of the three services holding the rank of full general or equivalent rank, deputy ministers of the union, officiating chiefs of staff of the three services holding the rank of lt.
general of equivalent rank.
chairman central administrative tribunal, chairman minorities commission, chairman, scheduled castes and scheduled tribes commission, chairman, union public service commission, solicitor general of india.
now, the centre has given exemptions to just three: the president, vice-president and chief justice of india.
finance minister arunjaitley finance minister arun jaitleyseeking to arrest flow of unaccounted cash into the coffers of political parties, the just introduced electoral bonds will be bearer bonds and have a tenure of few days, finance minister arunjaitley said on friday.
the bonds, which will resemble a promissory note and not an interest-paying debt instrument, will be sold by authorised banks and can be deposited in notified accounts of political parties within the duration of their validity.
watch what else is making newsspeaking at a post-budget session with industry chambers, he said the bearer bonds can be purchased by corporate donors and donated to political parties without revealing their identity.
every political party has to notify one bank account (where the bonds can be deposited).
within a very short period of time, which will be notified in the scheme, it will be days not months these will be redeemable only in that account of the political party, he said.
jaitley, who had capped anonymous cash donations to political parties at rs 2,000, said bonds can be purchased using cheque or e-payments only.
so in the hands of the recipient it is clean money, in the hands of donor it will be tax paid money.
he said some of the political donations has stopped coming by cash, but that is only a small percentage.
the bulk of it still never came by a cheque.
and therefore our consultations with a very large body of people reveal that for good reasons the donors wanted to donate tax paid clean money for political system.
political parties are part of democracy, he said.
so a system was devised where the there will confidentiality of the donor will be maintained but the money becomes absolutely clean.
you can contribute, donate money to a political party by cheque, you will be entitled to a deduction.
we would like to incentivise people to give small donations in very large volumes through the digital mode.
thats what happening in other parts of the world, that is what needs to be encouraged, he said.
finance minister arun jaitley.
(file photo) finance minister arun jaitley.
addressing the south asia sub-regional economic cooperation (sasec) conference today, he expressed hope that that the initiatives taken by the 7-member grouping will help the member nations deal with challenges of unemployment and macro-economic and structural vulnerabilities.
india is following a policy of act east to improve connectivity and relations with countries of south-east asia and east asia.
improved access to gateway ports, particularly in bangladesh and myanmar, may help unleash the latent potential of agro and forest-based industries in indias north east region, he said.
during the recent earthquake in nepal or tsunami in sri lanka or cyclone in bangladesh in the last decade, india lent a helping hand to rebuild and rehabilitate affected people, he pointed out.
finance ministers of india, bangladesh, bhutan, nepal, sri lanka, maldives and myanmar met here today to reshape the south asia subregional economic cooperation (sasec), which was originally founded 16 years ago by four nations  bangladesh, bhutan, india and nepal.
i am confident we will be able to fully harness the hydropower potential of the region and act as a bridge connecting power surplus and power deficient regions, he said.
in the vision document released today, the sasec pledged to improve intra-regional connectivity to boost trade and tourism as they eye usd 70 billion incremental gdp and 20 million jobs by 2025.
the sasec initiative, guided by a vision, will help the member countries optimally utilise their resources and facilitate access to trade gateways and linkages with global markets.
improved connectivity and infrastructure development could substantially spur economic growth in the region.
enhanced cooperation among the member countries would also give an impetus to small and medium enterprises in the region.
collaboration in knowledge sharing would facilitate innovation and research, he said.
b'swamy, who on saturday welcomed rajans decision, had said that he did not understand the fuss about the rbi governors announcement to leave his post at the end of the term swamy, who on saturday welcomed rajans decision, had said that he did not understand the fuss about the rbi governors announcement to leave his post at the end of the termwith raghuram rajan announcing his decision to leave his post as the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor on the completion of his term, bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader subramanian swamy, who had actively sought rajans dismissal, said on sunday that his next project is to expose a group of bureaucrats loyal to congress chief sonia gandhi.
my next project is to expose 27 bureaucrats who are in various ministries and loyal to tdk.
they were handpicked and positioned by pc, swamy said in a tweet.
swamy, who on saturday welcomed rajans decision, had said that he did not understand the fuss about the rbi governors announcement to leave his post at the end of the term, as he was not even getting a second term in the first place.
swamy told ani that rajan made this decision in order to save his self respect.
was he getting a second term in the first place?
how do we know that he was getting a second term?
i have no information that he was getting a second term.
so if he says he wants to go and wants to save his self respect, i have no problem.
let them pretend that he is giving up and going but as long as he goes, its good, swamy said.
watch video: rbi governor raghuram rajan delivers the first rng lectureswamy had written to prime minister narendra modi in may asking for the dismissal of the reserve bank of india governor.
meanwhile, finance minister arunjaitley asserted that centre respects rajans decision and also appreciated the good work done by him, adding that his successor would be announced shortly.
he (rbi guv)sabotaged our economy by trying to put all small medium industries out of business:subramanian swamy,bjp pic.
twitter.com/jnlnjynsbn  ani (@ani_news) june 19, 2016dr. raghuram rajan has announced his intention to go back to academics at the end of his current assignment.
the government appreciates the good work done by him and respects his decision.
watch video: whats making newshowever, former home minister p. chidamabaram stated that this was clearly indias loss and lashed out at the centre for inviting this development.
i am disappointed and profoundly saddened by the decision of dr raghuram rajan to leave the rbi on completion of his term on september 4, 2016, but i hasten to add that i am not surprised at all, chidambaram said in a statement.
slamming the bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led centre for being responsible for this development, he added that it was the craftily planned campaign of insinuations, baseless allegations and puerile attacks on a distinguished academic and economist which led to rajans announcement.
saturday, rajan announced that he would return to the academic world at the end of his term on september 4, 2016, adding he will always be available to serve his country when needed and asserted that his successor would take the nation to new heights.
rajan is currently on leave from the chicago booth school of business where he holds the post of distinguished service professor of finance.
the approaching end of my three-year term and of my leave at the university of chicago was, therefore, a good time to reflect on how much we had accomplished.
i am confident my successor will take us to new heights with your help.
i will still be working with you for the next couple of months, but let me thank all of you in the rbi family in advance for your dedicated work and unflinching support.
it has been a fantastic journey together!
the statement said.
finance minister arun jaitley.
finance minister arun jaitley.
the final black money disclosures tally may grow by an estimated rs 10,000 crore, as part of the declarations made under the recently concluded ids, as the income tax department is expected to submit final verification of the records by next week to the cbdt.
officials working to tabulate the final figures of the income declaration scheme (ids) said all the regions of the department across the country are continuously working to finalise and put up the final figures soon.
watch what else is making newsblack money amounting to rs 65,250 crore was declared through the one-time declaration window as part of 64,275 declarations and the figures were announced by finance minister arunjaitley in a press conference on october 1.
the four-month window closed on september 30 after it was opened on june 1.
it is estimated that rs 10,000 crore more would be added to the figure that was announced by the finance minister.
so, the total figures could go well beyond rs 75,000 crore.
a final report will be submitted by the cbdt to the finance ministers office by the next week, they said.
while the central board of direct taxes (cbdt) had made it clear that no information relating to region-wide break-up of declarations would be shared as per confidentiality clauses riding ids, top sources in the department said some of the states in the southern and western flank of the country were seen to have contributed the maximum under the ids.
cbdt chairperson rani singh nair on tuesday held a meeting with the regional i-t department chiefs where, sources said, the strategy and progress of the last mile efforts of ids were discussed.
she also wrote an appreciation letter to her team-income tax for their well deserved accomplishment of our task of unearthing undeclared income through the ids, 2016.
any accomplishment reflects the commitment and the hard work of people who toil hard with focused perseverance.
the team-it has shown utmost dedication, passion and perseverance in achieving such a high degree of success.
i commend your determination and dedication and wish you similar success in all our future endeavours for generating resources for the government and contributing towards the well being of our people, she wrote to her officials and staff on monday.
government had offered a one-time chance, as part of the ids, for holders of undeclared income and assets to come clean by paying 45 per cent in tax and penalty.
fremer lt governor of delhi, najeeb jung.
(pti photo) fremer lt governor of delhi, najeeb jung.
(pti photo)nineteen days after his resignation, former lieutenant governor of delhi najeeb jung said there was fear and suspicion over the proposed feedback unit, or a secret service unit, proposed by the arvind kejriwal government in march-april 2015.
no state government can put up a counter-ib (intelligence bureau) unit like this.
if they have surveillance over me or you, its completely illegal.
this is complete right to privacy.
this is a very serious matter.
i cannot, because i do not like you, tap your phone, jung told india todays karan thapar on his show, to the point.
watch what else is making newsbecause it sounded horrendous the kejriwal government balked.
four months later, they changed their mind, the unit was set up through a cabinet resolution in a smaller form with fewer people and smaller cars.
it was worrying that the unit would report only to the chief minister, he said.
over the acrimonious relationship between him and kejriwal, jung said, i dont remember anything we did which was to antagonise the delhi government.
every step was taken by them.
i would say it was the excitement to move at a pace when he (kejriwal) did not know that government has its own pace and momentum i believe he is a young man in a hurry to perform and perhaps with time it will get tempered.
the setting up of the feedback unit, jung said, along with the appointment of health minister satyendar jains officer on special duty nikunj jain, appointment of his daughter saumya jain allegedly to design mohalla clinics, appointments made in the delhi waqf board and the delhi commission for women, were among the cases he had referred to the cbi.
he said that should the cases come to fruition, if chargesheets are filed, he (kejriwal) could be in trouble.
jung said that the shunglu committee he set up to review over 400 files, was to rectify or nullify decisions that were illegal.
we wrote to all secretaries and told them to send us files in which you think you have acted illegally.
the files were sent by them.
so it was an admission of the fact by the secretaries and the ministers that they had illegally acted, he said.
countering allegations made by aap, jung said, no (union) minister has ever pushed me to act against the delhi government.
he said he has had meetings with prime minister narendra modi, union ministers rajnath singh and arunjaitley , pms principal secretary nripendra misra and national security advisor ajit doval over various issues but it was never for tightening screws.
from being a minister in p v narasimha rao cabinet to a research scholar for bjp on various key legislations, s s ahluwalia, has earned the reputation of someone who speaks his mind.
(source: express archive) from being a minister in p v narasimha rao cabinet to a research scholar for bjp on various key legislations, s s ahluwalia, has earned the reputation of someone who speaks his mind.
(source: express archive)from being a minister in the p v narasimha rao cabinet to a research scholar for bjp on various key legislations, surendrajeet singh ahluwalia has links cutting across party lines and is known to speak his mind.
the patna-based politician is known for taking stand which at times is contrary to the partys position.
as a minister in the rao government, he had openly attacked the then congress chief sitaram kesri, also from bihar, for the way he handled the party affairs.
watch video: whats making newsduring a discussion in the lok sabha on a bill to amend the negotiable instruments act, he spoke against the measure moved by finance minister arun jaitley.
the bjp did not nominate him to the key public accounts committee of parliament due to his poor attendance in panel meets.
as chairman of joint parliamentary committee on the contentious land bill, the asansol-born politician has ensured that the political divide in the panel does not disrupt the proceedings.
after joining bjp, he has often proved to be an asset for the party.
when bjp was in opposition, ahluwalia, who turned 65 yesterday, played a key role as a member of the jpc on 2g scam.
going through heaps of papers, making notes and finding ammunition to target the rival have been his forte.
even when he was no more an mp, he was tasked to go through the recommendations of the various standing committees and suggest the party leadership what necessary amendment should be brought when key bills come up for discussion in parliament.
ahluwalia, who prefers wearing bright-coloured turbans, is fluent in bengali, bhojpuri, hindi, english and of course punjabi.
a member of the lok sabha from darjeeling, ahluwalia was previously a member of parliament representing bihar and jharkhand in the rajya sabha in 1986-1992, 1992-1998, 20002006, and 2006-2012.
he was also the deputy leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha till 2012 when he lost his seat from jharkhand.
at present, the seating space at railway platforms is often inadequate compared to the number of people on platforms every day.
at present, the seating space at railway platforms is often inadequate compared to the number of people on platforms every day.
acting on an idea pushed by prime minister narendra modi, the railways plans to install at least one lakh stainless steel benches in 1,500 stations across the country.
the benches will sport the name of the local member of parliament, whose funds will be used, as sponsors of the project.
the tender for the one lakh benches, which will likely be floated next month, will be the single largest procurement of public furniture by a government utility in the country and is among the more ambitious moves by the railways to utilise mp local area development (mplad) funds to upgrade basic station amenities.
the prime ministers office has been monitoring the progress of this little-known idea, it is learnt.
with trains accounting for nearly 2.
5 crore passengers every day from all constituencies, the thinking, sources said, was that elected representatives should also contribute to help passengers as they wait for trains.
at present, the seating space at railway platforms is often inadequate compared to the number of people on platforms every day.
the cost involved in the project may not be much, sources said.
according to the ministrys assessment, a steel bench may cost between rs 12,000 and rs 30,000 depending on the size and specifications.
at present, the railways are considering four-seater and 10-seater circular benches.
read | surat railway station to be 3rd in country to have airport-like facilities: officialsto give the project a fillip, the railways has also adopted a novel 1+1 policy  for every bench an mp sponsors at a station in their constituency, the railways will install another bench at the same station and display mps name on it as the benefactor.
mps from across the political spectrum have been informed of this new policy decision.
sources said that mps who want the benches sporting their names could contact railway authorities with a pledge to sponsor.
it is believed that the job could be completed before march 2019 but the railways hopes to complete it earlier.
over the past year, the idea to utilise mplad funds for platform benches has not been as fast as the ministry had hoped with mps chipping in only in fits and starts.
around rs 14 crore has been collected so far for the benches leading the railways to take the central approach this time.
prime minister modi, for instance, gave rs 40 lakh from his mplad fund for 900 benches at railway stations like kashi and varanasi in his constituency, while union external affairs minister sushma swaraj has committed rs 25 lakh in her vidisha constituency.
finance minister arunjaitley has pledged 1,940 seats for stations in gujarat, from where he is a rajya sabha mp and water resources minister uma bharti gave rs 36 lakh.
congress president rahul gandhi, while agreeing with the idea, did not give money to railways.
instead, he got 68 benches procured for railway stations in musafirkhana, nihalgarh and gauriganj in amethi district of uttar pradesh from his lad fund.
trinamool congress mp sudip bandyopadhyay has committed rs 20 lakh for kolkatas suburban stations in his constituency.
instead of spreading the job across numerous tenders by zonal railways, the matter is being anchored in new delhi to ensure uniformity of design and other specifications.
there were also procedural issues like design approval from the railways research design and standards organisation from each zone.
this is also in line with the ministrys preference for bulk tenders to gain a possible price advantage.
b'ahead of 2012 assembly polls in uttar pradesh,the bharatiya janata party has cleared the air on getting into any kind of alliance with the ruling bahujan samaj party.
the bjp leader in the rajya sabha arunjaitley said the party will not be supporting the bsp in any manner in forming the government in up and will rather be going solo.
jaitley was addressing the opening day of the partys two-day state executive committee meeting at the nanaji deshmukh hall in moradabad on saturday.
addressing the party leaders,jaitley said it is important to make it clear even among the people that the bjp will not be supporting bsp.
we have supported the bsp thrice in up,two times as part of the government and once from outside.
but the bsp and samajwadi party governments have hardly done any development in the state,whereas the bjp is all for development of up.
hence,we will not be supporting the bsp in any manner for 2012 elections, said jaitley.
he said it is high time the party gears up and presents itself as the most effective alternative for good governance in the state.
jaitley also said the 2012 elections in up will create the road-map for the ndas win in the 2014 general elections.
he further said the upa government has already lost the trust of the people because of its failure to control inflation and corruption.
the president of the partys campaign committee and national vice-president kalraj mishra will announce the partys strategy plans in his concluding address on sunday.
meanwhile,state bjp president surya pratap shahi announced the party will organise five major rallies.
he said if the party comes to power,it will try to initiate action against the culprits in all cases of corruption where involvement of the ruling party ministers and mlas has been seen.
rajya saba witnessed seven adjournments and repeated disruptions tuesday as opposition mps, mainly congress, sp and bsp, attacked the government over vacancies in the national commissions for scs, sts, obcs and minorities.
the government cited such delays during the upa regime, too, and said the current delay has been due to the model code of conduct in five states that held elections recently.
finance minister arunjaitley reply on the finance bill could not take place; zero hour too was washed out.
four mps had earlier given a notice under rule 267 for taking up the matter but the chairman denied permission.
as members insisted, deputy chairman p j kurien offered a discussion wednesday and requested members to allow the finance bill to be taken up, but in vain.
slogans exchanged included anti-dalit, anti-backward, anti-minority from one side, and yeh kya tamasha hai, haar ki hatasha hai from the other.
ministers venkaiah naidu (i&b), mukhtar abbas naqvi (minority affairs) and thawar chand gehlot (social justice & empowerment) rose to counter the attack.
naidu accused the sp, the bsp and the congress of trying to make it a political issue since people have rejected them in elections.
these people want to mislead the country.
what had they done during their regime?
naidu said in the morning.
.
i have with me the statement made by backward classes commission chairman justice eswaraiah.
the entire country is wholeheartedly welcoming the prime ministers decision of having constitutional status for the backward classes commission.
in the afternoon, leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad hit back, saying bjp-ruled gujarat had not set up such commissions for five or six years.
sometime back, azad added, a notification was issued under which urdu was taken off examinations of neet for mbbs and technical education.
this shows how much love and affection this government has for scs, backward classes and minorities how you want to finish them is becoming evident.
sharad yadav (jd-u) cited figures to show a low representation of scs, sts and obcs among teachers in iit, jnu and delhi university.
naqvi stressed the governments commitment to the empowerment of the poor, backward classes and dalits.
gehlot said while appointments to some panels have been made after having been stuck on account of the model code of conduct, the process is on in other bodies.
naresh agrawal (sp) accused the ministers of giving fake figures.
pramod tiwari (congress) said the government is not making appointments as it its intentions are ill.
during noisy scenes in the morning, there came an announcement about a parliamentary delegation from namibia being present in the house.
some of the mps agitating in the well went back to their seats, as if apologetically, only to walk back almost at once.
the party wanted chief minister manohar lal khattar to tell the house what transpired between him and prime minister narendra modi when the former met him in delhi recently and took up various issues including syl with him.
(file) the party wanted chief minister manohar lal khattar to tell the house what transpired between him and prime minister narendra modi when the former met him in delhi recently and took up various issues including syl with him.
(file)the haryana goods and services tax bill, 2017, was passed unanimously by the state assembly here today in a special one-day session convened for the purpose.
with the passage of the bill, haryana became the eighth state to pass the legislation as the centre gears up to roll out the new indirect tax regime nationwide from july.
the bill was passed after nearly one hour of discussion.
finance minister capt abhimanyu moved the bill which was supported by the two major opposition parties  the indian national lok dal (inld) and the congress.
the gst council, the top decision making body headed by finance minister arunjaitley , had earlier approved a model sgst bill at its 12th meeting on march 16 this year.
capt abhimanyu, who also talked to union finance minister arunjaitley over phone this evening informing him about the passage of the bill, hailed the goods and services tax as a path-breaking reform in taxation history.
the haryana finance minister said it will knit the entire country into a single market by ironing out distortions, put an end to skewed and dissimilar tax practices, and make the atmosphere for trade and industry a lot easier.
he told the assembly that the new tax would subsume 17 different types of indirect taxes of centre and states and do away with multiplicity of taxes.
amalgamation of various indirect taxes into single tax will not only lead to simplification of the indirect taxation regime in the country but also pare down considerably the compliance cost to the taxpayers, he said.
as the bill was taken up for being passed, opposition inld demanded that the house to first take up discussion on syl issue.
the party wanted chief minister manohar lal khattar to tell the house what transpired between him and prime minister narendra modi when the former met him in delhi recently and took up various issues including syl with him.
however, speaker kanwar pal assured the opposition members that the chief minister will give reply on syl issue, after which the sgst bill was taken up for discussion.
senior congress mla karan singh dalal told the house that centre has assured to compensate the state for any loss of revenue for five years, but sought to know if there was a provision to compensate the states beyond that time.
what will be the overall benefit or loss to haryana with the implementation of the gst regimea house committee should also be formed that will watch haryanas interests, dalal said.
however, abhimanyu assured that haryanas interests will be protected under the new tax regime.
he said that most contents of the bill presented here were the same as had been passed by the parliament.
the gst would take the feature of value added tax (vat) from state boundaries to national level and it is a destination-based tax, abhimanyu said.
the threshold limit under gst has been fixed at rs 20 lakh which is currently rs 5 lakh in haryana.
it is my privilege to be a part of the process for bringing about this historical and far-reaching reform in the indirect taxation system of the country.
the structure of gst has evolved through extensive discussions and deliberations, first under the aegis of the empowered committee of finance ministers, and, thereafter, through combined efforts of the centre and state governments in the gst council, he said.
the centre and states joined hands to hammer out a structure of gst resolving all contentious issues through consensus in the true spirit of cooperative federalism in the country, he told the house.
it is a matter of great honour and pride for me to have been deeply associated with the progress of gst in various forums, he added.
small and medium-scale taxpayers have been given the option of composition.
the taxpayers having an aggregate turnover of less than rs 50 lakh, are eligible to opt for composition scheme.
the taxpayers opting the composition scheme under gst shall have to file one quarterly return.
abhimanyu, who also holds the excise and taxation department portfolios, said, traders under composition scheme would be required to pay tax at the rate of half per cent under the state gst and half per cent under the cgst.
the manufactures will have to pay at the rate of one per cent and taxpayers serving foods (restaurateurs) will be paying at the rate of 2.
5 per cent under the composition scheme of gst.
the composition scheme is not available to the tax payers engaged in the business of inter-state supplies or providing supplies of services except (restaurateurs).
no input tax credit shall be admissible to a composition taxpayer, he said.
capt abhimanyu said the gst would go a long way in doing away with the inspector raj as there will be a minimal interface between the taxpayers and the authorities.
state taxes that would be subsumed under the gst are: state vat, central sales tax, luxury tax, entry tax in lieu of octroi, entertainment tax (not levied by the local bodies), taxes on advertisements, purchase tax, taxes on lotteries, betting and gambling.
congress spokesperson abhishek manu singhvi (express file photo) congress spokesperson abhishek manu singhvi (express file photo)the congress continued to assail the government over the slump in economic growth, saying the narendra modi administration did not have even the faintest idea on how to put the economy back on track.
the party indulged in some wordplay to say that the bjp had become indias biggest non-performing asset or non-performing non-asset.
the ease of doing business appears to have become the cease of doing business.
the lion that was roaring in make in india appears to be snoozing, he said.
singhvi said it used to be often said there is jobless growth.
now the country has been told there are neither jobs nor growth, he said.
there is no specific answer to the specific question.
how are we down to 6.
1 per cent?
there is frank regret, sorrow or apology that this is exactly what they were told by all of us in november and since then.
there is no recognition and realisation.
there are no answers to the questions, he said.
the best answer is that demonetisation cannot be identified as the sole reason for slow gdp growth and there are global factors.
mercifully we did not hear other reasons like legacy factors, he added.
we demand the bjp listens and implements what it promised  both jobs and welfare of farmers, singhvi said.
the framing of the debate in the conclave of southern states comes against the backdrop of a slowdown in growth and revenue buoyancy.
the framing of the debate in the conclave of southern states comes against the backdrop of a slowdown in growth and revenue buoyancy.
it is difficult to recall any instance of a few states coming together to voice their concern over the terms of reference (tor) of a finance commission.
on tuesday, finance ministers of karnataka, kerala, andhra pradesh and puducherry came together at a conclave in thiruvananthapuram to point out that the tor of the 15th finance commission violated the principles of federalism.
the ministers said using the 2011 census data for determining the division of taxes between the centre and the states and the allocation to each state would lead to their governments losing out to their counterparts in the north, which have a larger population.
these developments are disquieting.
finance minister arunjaitley has explained that the tor rightly balances the needs represented by the latest census and progress towards population control.
one of the mandates of the 14th finance commission was to use the population base of 1971 for determining the devolution of taxes, duties and grants while also taking into account demographic changes that had taken place since 1971.
accordingly, the 14h finance commission assigned a weightage of 17.
5 per cent to the 1971 census data and 10 per cent to the 2011 population figures.
to insist that the current finance commission use dated data is unfair.
besides, the process of updating the data used had started with the 14th commission.
also, the challenge of designing performance-based incentives is in line with the commissions mandate.
however, these designs will need to factor in political economy constraints, especially the priorities of state governments, some of which may be deemed populist measures by the commission.
it is wise to remember that the incentives and measures the 12th finance commission introduced while making allocations did help to enhance fiscal discipline in many states thereafter.
however, these are politically fraught issues that the commission and the states need to negotiate.
the framing of the debate in the conclave of southern states comes against the backdrop of a slowdown in growth and revenue buoyancy.
the countrys fiscal framework itself has undergone a significant change with the implementation of gst.
the charge of bias against the southern states may be unfounded, since rarely has there been a deviation of more than 0.
5 per cent from the mean shares across finance commissions.
any finance commission will have to be sensitive to the need to ensure equal treatment to states, in various stages of development and with varied fiscal capacity, while also balancing the need to reward efficiency and the short- and long-term implications for public finances.
that has never been easy, even in the best of times.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
(source: file/pti photo) delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
(source: file/pti photo)the supreme court deferred till tuesday the hearing on the appeal of delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal seeking a stay on the trial court proceedings in a criminal defamation case filed against him by finance minister arun jaitley.
a bench of justices p c ghose and u u lalit was informed by the counsel for kejriwal that senior lawyer ram jethmalani would argue the case and he was not available on monday which led to adjournment of the hearing.
watch video | aap leaders have a good laugh on twitter on reports alleging kumar vishwas switch to bjpthe delhi high court had on october 19 dismissed his plea seeking stay of trial court proceedings in a criminal defamation case, saying, there was no illegality in continuing it simultaneously with a civil defamation suit in the high court.
the high court had said there was no prejudice on account of a pending civil suit and there was no double jeopardy and as such kejriwals plea was devoid of merit.
it had said the criminal and civil defamation cases were different in nature.
kejriwal had contented that proceedings before the trial court should be stayed since a civil suit was pending before the high court and both cannot proceed simultaneously.
regarding the challenge to the magisterial courts may 19 order dismissing kejriwals plea to grant stay on proceedings due to pendency of civil suit, the high court had said that the trial court order was free from perversity, impropriety, illegality and non-sustainability.
the high court also opined that there was no bar on a magistrate taking cognisance of the offence, which he may be of the opinion is said to have been committed by a person whose matter is still pending in a civil court.
besides a civil defamation suit in the high court, arunjaitley had also filed a criminal defamation complaint in a lower court alleging kejriwal and five aap leaders  raghav chadha, kumar vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh and deepak bajpai  had defamed him in the delhi district cricket association (ddca) controversy.
yogesh thorat, managing director of mahafpc.
yogesh thorat, managing director of mahafpc.
till now, the companies were being taxed 30 per cent of their profits.
fpcs act as sub agents for government agencies in procuring agri commodities of their members under various government schemes.
many have diversified their business portfolios and entered export markets, especially in the sphere of horticultural crops.
these companies are corporate entities, registered under section 465(1) of the companys act of 1956, while they work under the principles of a cooperative society.
yogesh thorat, managing director, mahafpc, has been at the forefront of this movement that has seen farmers challenging the supremacy of agriculture produce market committees in the state.
thorat spoke to the indian express about the mission and vision of mahafpc  the apex body of fpcs in maharashtra.
what are the main difficulties faced by farmers in the current set-up of agricultural marketing?
the current set-up of agricultural marketing has three main lacunae  farmers do not have access to farm gate-level infrastructure such as cleaning, grading and warehousing etc; there is a lack of village-level institutional arrangement based on the principles of collectivism and mutual assistance, which prevent small and marginal cultivators from aggregating commodities for collective, selling and marketing; and, the agri business ecosystem of the country is weak with no integration between value chain stakeholders.
the biggest lacuna in the system is lack of systematic approach towards the subject of agricultural marketing.
the present system is monopolised by cooperative markets (mandis) located at block or district levels.
these markets have, so far, resisted adoption to various innovations and have resisted any improvements towards their value chain.
unfortunately, their resistance to chain has made them exploitative towards farmers.
government intervention in agriculture marketing is also a problem.
it is observed that as agriculture marketing is a state subject, there is no consensus and coordination among central and state governments to address the marketing issues as a holistic approach.
this policy paralysis is shifting the producer-consumer struggle towards the struggle between farmers from different geographical areas.
give us an idea about how mahafpc aims to address this problem.
also, tell us about the previous experiences of mahafpc in this field.
farmers can solve this problem only by coming together under the principles of cooperation and mutual assistance.
promotion of social entrepreneurship among the next generation is the need of the hour.
usage of ict in integration of value chain stakeholders on a common platform can also help in improvement of the situation.
the movement of mahafpc started towards this aim and to alleviate farm distress.
fpcs were not unknown to farmers here.
various national and international agencies have helped these nascent companies.
yet, a need was felt for a common platform for these companies and hence mahafpc was formed.
we are the first state level producer company in the country.
we, at mahafpc, have a two-tiered structure with the farmer producer companies at village level federated under for profit organisation at state level.
mahafpcs mission and vision is the establishment of direct market linkages between shareholders of fpcs and end users of value chain, by interventions and innovations in existing marketing channel.
apart from service charge of business activities, mahafpc doesnt receive any grant and donations, not only from sfac/ government organisation but also from not for profit organisations.
our philosophy is to ensure revenue through business generation.
last year, through mahafpc, we had taken part in the msp procurement operations.
under psf (price stabilisation fund) 2017 pulses procurement programme, we have successfully built the capacity of 26,000 farmers.
this year, we aim towards improving the governance of the institutions and serve as a launchpad towards getting into commodity markets by system approach.
based on psf 2017, already, fpcs had a successful trade-off of 7,000 mt of soybean and maize in an open market.
unfortunately, state governments bureaucracy is not supporting this idea.
we expect the states support on the background of huge announcements from central government to boost fpcs agribusiness.
what were your suggestions at the recently-held national conference in delhi regarding doubling farm incomes?
it was a great opportunity for state fpcs to be invited for the national conference.
the conference comprised seven groups, of which i was part of the trade and export promotion team.
on behalf of the fpcs, i had suggested institutionalisation of farmers to promote the trade and ensure profit for farmers and promotion of farmer producer organisations, especially fpcs.
as price distortion and distress sale is the burning issue, proper and timely policy intervention in both domestic and international markets are required to safeguard the farmers.
legislative action should be taken to bring the markets on track.
for example, commodities like onions should be scrapped from the constraints of the essential commodity act, so that farmers can see value realisation to double their income.
to promote export at the farm gate level, green corridors should be developed to ensure smooth handling of the supply chain.
b'india has shown a great resilience in coming back as a democracy, arunjaitley , who delivered a public lecture at the melbourne university, said while answering questions from the audience.
(source: pti photo) india has shown a great resilience in coming back as a democracy, arunjaitley , who delivered a public lecture at the melbourne university, said while answering questions from the audience.
india is a very strong democracy.
only time we came close to losing democracy was somewhere in mid 70s for a brief period.
india has shown a great resilience in coming back as a democracy, arunjaitley , who delivered a public lecture at the melbourne university, said while answering questions from the audience.
he stressed that it was important to understand the incidents that took place in jawaharlal nehru university (jnu) and the hyderabad university.
taking a dig at congress, he said those who are supporting the jnu protests were the ones who supported emergency.
jaitley said apart from poverty, india was worst affected by terrorism.
you have an incident in 1993 where close to 300 people are killed and thousand injuredafter long judicial process, trial after trial, one is found guilty, he said, adding that, celebration and support for that one man is organised in one campus that is hyderabad.
jaitley said, in the two cases, after due process of law and several appeals and acquittals two people were found guilty.
if you openly raised slogans for those who bombed mumbai or attacked parliament and then said our object is to break indiasurely you expect some ideological reaction from those who dont agree with this and most of india does not agree (with it), he said.
he said job reservations were the first ray of hope for scheduled caste people.
there are still socially and historically deprived sections which need the benefits.
in his lecture, arunjaitley listed the various schemes undertaken by the narendra modi-led government.
jnu is caught in a row over an event against hanging of parliament attack convict afzal guru during which anti-national slogans were allegedly raised.
in a move aimed at faster recovery and resolution of bad debts by banks and financial institutions, parliament passed a bill tuesday amending four laws.
the enforcement of security interest and recovery of debts laws and miscellaneous provisions (amendment) bill 2016 amends four laws  the securitisation and reconstruction of financial assets and enforcement of security interest of 2002, the recovery of debts due to banks and financial institutions act 1993, the indian stamp act 1899 and the depositories act 1996.
so far the system has remained lopsided in favour of the defaulter.
the rajya sabha passed the bill by voice vote.
the lok sabha had passed it last week.
there is a public interest in giving loans, there is a public interest in those loans being serviced and there is a public interest that those who default there is an adequate mechanism to recover the money.
i only hope that state bank of india one day comes out with the kind of litigation that sbi and other bankers had to contest and the kind of unusual facilities which were given even by the apex court when they said even in a hearing for a wilful defaulter, dont take it as a precedent but for this particular person allow his lawyers to represent.
the banks never allow lawyers to come up in hearing of wilful defaulterwhat is so special about him.
advocating stringent laws, he said, only when business people who are wilful defaulters have to vacate their houses will they pay.
otherwise if you provide them the special facility that you continue to live in your house and run you factory and then litigate.
watch video: whats making newshe said the laws need to be changed because the model of debt recovery tribunal and debt recovery appellate tribunal has failed.
you cant have a situation when you work day and night for a loan and the day you get a loan, the bank manager has to keep awake and you sleep well.
this principle needs to be reversed in india, he said.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
(file photo) uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
(file photo)uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath will be one of the star campaigners of the bjp for the mcd polls scheduled to be held on april 23.
the party has prepared a list of star campaigners, including union ministers, chief ministers of bjp-ruled states, senior party leaders, and delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari will personally request them to campaign in the run-up to the mcd polls.
it is a tentative list of senior party leaders who will campaign in the municipal elections and expose the aam aadmi party and its leader arvind kejriwal, said delhi bjp vice president ravindra gupta.
uttar pradesh deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya will also campaign for the saffron party in the mcd polls, he added.
names of union ministers, including those of rajnath singh, arunjaitley , m venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, ravi shankar prasad, harsh vardhan and vijay goel, also figure in bjps list of star campaigners for the mcd polls.
actress-turned-politician and the saffron partys mp from mathura hema malini will also campaign in the election for the 272 wards of the three municipal corporations in the national capital, which is expected to witness a three-pronged contest among the bjp, aap and congress.
chief ministers of bjp-ruled maharashtra, assam, jharkhand, uttarakhand, chhattisgarh, haryana, rajasthan and madhya pradesh will also take part in the campaigning.
tiwari and another bhojpuri filmstar, ravi kishan, also feature among the partys star campaigners.
senior bjp leader from bihar sushil modi too will campaign in a bid by the saffron party to woo the huge chunk of voters from that state living in the city.
senior party leaders kalraj mishra, smriti irani, radha mohan singh, giriraj singh, sanjiv balyan, jitendra singh, vijay kumar malhotra, shahnawaj hussain, sambit patra will also take part in the campaigning among others.
b'former union finance minister yashwant sinha speaks during rashtra manch meeting at shri krishna memorial hall in patna on saturday.
(pti photo) former union finance minister yashwant sinha speaks during rashtra manch meeting at shri krishna memorial hall in patna on saturday.
(pti photo)senior bjp leader and former union finance minister yashwant sinha, who has been trenchant in his criticism of prime minister narendra modi and his government, on saturday quit the party, alleging that there was a threat to democracy under the present dispensation.
i have had a long association with the bjp.
today i am severing my ties with the bjp, the 80-year-old announced at a meeting in patna attended by opposition leaders from the congress and the rjd besides dissident bjp leader and patna sahib mp shatrughan sinha.
the function was also attended by leader of opposition in bihar assembly tejaswi prasad yadav.
sinha also made it clear that he would not join any other political party, saying he was taking sanyas (retirement) from party politics and will now work for saving democracy in the country.
i have long been with bjp but i am announcing today to severe all my ties with bjp.
.
i will not now be part of any party politics.
however, it was the same sinha who had said that he had no intention of quitting the bjp, which can throw him out if it so wants.
read | why should i quit bjp, let the party throw me out: yashwant sinhasinha, who held finance finance and external affairs portfolios in the atal bihari vajpayee government, has had a turbulent relationship with the current bjp leadership including party chief amit shah and prime minister narendra modi since the party came to power in 2014.
he has been a vocal critic of the current regime and has spoken out in open on various issues, including demonetisation, goods and services tax or governments handling of the economy.
yashwant sinha on state of economywriting in the indian express on september 27 last year, in a piece titled i need to speak up, sinha wrote: i shall be failing in my national duty if i did not speak up even now against the mess the finance minister has made of the economy.
i am also convinced that what i am going to say reflects the sentiments of a large number of people in the bjp and elsewhere who are not speaking up out of fear.
read | i need to speak up nowyashwant sinha on sc judges revoltafter the four senior-most judges of the supreme court had come out publicly against chief justice of india dipak misra in january, the senior bjp leader had urged then colleagues and ministers to get rid of their fear and speak up for democracy.
sinha had referred to the comments of the four judges to claim that the prevailing atmosphere was like the emergency in 1975-77 and voiced concern over short parliamentary sessions.
if four senior-most supreme court judges say democracy is under threat, we have to take their words very seriously, he had said.
every citizen who feels for democracy should speak up.
i will ask party (bjp) leaders and senior cabinet ministers to speak up.
i will appeal to them to get rid of their fears and speak up, he added.
yashwant sinha on gst, demonetisationin november 2017, sinha had criticised finance minister arunjaitley over the ad hoc implementation of gst, saying arunjaitley who had been elected to the rajya sabha from gujarat is a burden on the people of the state.
i want to tell you that i do not consider the finance minister a gujarati, sinha had said.
he had also criticised the decision of demonetisation.
700 years ago a shehanshah did demonetisation.
his name was mohammed-bin-tuglaq, said sinha.
read | yashwant sinha: 700 years ago a shehanshah did demonetisation.
his name was mohammed-bin-tuglaqyashwant sinha on kashmirin october 2017, sinha had attacked the modi government on the kashmir imbroglio, insisting india has lost people of the valley emotionally.
in an interview to the wire recorded, the former union minister said, i am looking at the alienation of the masses of people in jammu and kashmir.
that is something which bothers me the most we have lost the people emotionally you just have to visit the valley to realise that they have lost faith in us.
read | india has lost kashmir valley emotionally, says yashwant sinhayashwant sinha on union budgetsinha, in febraury this year, had lashed out at the union budget 2018-19 and had termed it asn an exercise done without application of mind.
this time, we have just three-and-a-half days for discussion on the presidents address, rail budget and general budget, sinha had said.
read | yashwant sinha on union budget: exercise done without application of mindeyewashyashwant sinha on governanceon april 17 this year, in an open letter to bjp mps in the indian express titled dear friend, speak up, sinha reminded them how the bjp had lost (its) way and confidence in voters.
we were delighted with the results of the 2014 elections and expected that the unprecedented victory would mark the beginning of a new and glorious chapter in our countrys history.
we backed the prime minister and his team to the hilt, and in full faith.
the government has now completed nearly four years in office, presented five budgets and used up all the opportunity available to it to show results.
at the end of it, however, we seem to have lost our way and the confidence of the voters.
